- Testing Seakeeper: Gyroscopic Stabilization for Boats: Kind: captions Language: en You boers already know it. There's nothing worse than rocking and rolling in a beam sea. Not only is it uncomfortable, heck, it'll make all your guests seasick. Seaeper says they have the solution with a gyroscopic stabilization unit called the 3DC. This unit's small. It can be put in new boats. It can be put in pre-existing boats. It can be retrofitted. And it can be put in boats all the way down to just 30 ft in length. But here at boats.com, we're not taking anybody's word for it. That's why we flew down to Florida to jump on this 35 ft contender. It's rigged up with the Seaeper 3DC. We're going to test it for ourselves. We got some hard data. Okay, folks. We're out here in the Atlantic Ocean to take a look at how this Seaeper works. It's quite interesting. It spins a flywheel inside at high RPM in a vacuum. This creates torque, and as the boat rolls, the torque counteracts the rolling motion. Now, you can hear the flywheel spinning away in there. And you may be wondering just how loud this unit is. But check this out. If I completely expose the unit, you can tell that it's really no louder than the four-stroke outboards idling on the transom of this boat. Now, let's translate the roll reduction into numbers. I've got this handy dandy inclinometer app on my phone here, and we can see that with the unit running, the boat is barely rocking at all. You see 0 to 1°. Now, let's turn it off. You can see a steady increase. Whoa. And it gets all the way up to 10°. And that folks is in really calm seas. Now, let's turn the phone into a calculator. Seaeper claims to get a 70 to 90% roll reduction with these units. And in this case, well, wait. I don't even need a calculator. 1°ree 10°. That's a 90% roll reduction. Go right into another boat's wake. Right on the beam. Let's see what happens with the seaeper. Not much. Heck, maybe I'll just stop and see if it'll roll the boat right here. Nope. Well, that was really an interesting experiment, wasn't it, folks? At seaeper clearly does have a significant effect. If you'd like to learn more about it, be sure to visit boats.com where we have all kinds of articles that tell you all about boats.

  Top Comments:
  1. @cranegantry868 [2 likes]: How about testing it on a day with BIG waves.
  2. @nickandnicksconstructionti9508 [1 likes]: You should test your boat, Gyro stabilizer on a busy day in a marina entrance/ channel with boats going in and out . That would be the ture test not on  practically pancake flat water
  3. @cs512tr [1 likes]: i wonder how much power it will draw
  4. @AB-80X [1 likes]: Should we talk about the fact, that with a Seakeeper you are also carrying a bomb on your boat?
  5. @zombeesama1169 [1 likes]: they need to test it on harsh weathers...
  6. @tonyc7352 [1 likes]: To be precise... 0:48 it doesn't spin in a vacuum. They do remove all the air but then replace it with helium, to reduce aerodynamic resistance.
  7. @bradsmith1314: all boats should have this
  8. @kshepard52: You're in the Atlantic ocean with minor swells. Get out there in some significant swells and chop and show what it can do. I'm guessing there are reasons that you didn't that you don't want potential buyers to talk about.
  9. @Alpsbeach: it make boat 2 times heavier :face-orange-biting-nails:
  10. @jamesdewer: What if it's 10' swells. Certainly one must back off the throttle? The boat tocking sucks for certain but rolling about relieves stress. Wouldn't this batter the boat to pieces maintaing equilibrium?
  11. @kendallpaciocco9828: Try and do it in another boat's wake .
  12. @qt1qg: Can it help in storm?
  13. @publicitypromo: Whilst this Seakeeper works, the boat stabiliser product in my opinion by ocean torque boat stabilisers works way better for your money, is thousands and thousands of $$$ cheaper and requires no power, and has absolutely no noise.
  14. @DEVanderbiltCecil: Was this 
approximately 50,000?
  15. @ZxSkyLineKidxZ: Soon I'll get a boat. I already drive a Dodge Challenger (the land boat)...I'm talking about a Boat for water use...
  16. @rudetoy8264: Great video! Answer exactly the very question about gyroscopic mechanism for boat👍
  17. @jackmercer4244: awesome!
  18. @JasonFormat: This is some genius stuff they got going on here
  19. @briank10101: Should add this to cars and SUVs
  20. @johnbeckwith1361: I would like to see someone who isn't getting paid to promote the product do a review.

- What is Seakeeper Ride? | What It Does, Advantages and Basic Operation: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome to the introductory video of the&nbsp; Seakeeper ride system. For those of you&nbsp;&nbsp; not familiar with this new offering from&nbsp; sea keeper, in this video we're going to be&nbsp;&nbsp; talking about what it does, the advantages, &nbsp; as well as basic operating procedures.&nbsp;&nbsp; When you're thinking about the new Seakeeper&nbsp; ride product, other products on the market&nbsp;&nbsp; may come to mind. First off, the ride&nbsp; product line is not a gyroscopic&nbsp;&nbsp; system like you may have seen in one of our&nbsp; larger models with the optional Seakeepers. It is designed to be installed on the same spot&nbsp; as traditional trim tabs. However, the features of&nbsp;&nbsp; this product far outperform trim tabs and other&nbsp; similar self-leveling systems on the market.&nbsp;&nbsp; Other self-leveling systems out there simply&nbsp; don't have the speed or sensors required&nbsp;&nbsp; to stabilize. Compared to ride, those systems&nbsp; are slow and designed to just level the boat.&nbsp;&nbsp; Having zero capability when it comes&nbsp; to smoothing out the ride of the boat&nbsp;&nbsp; underway. Before we go any further&nbsp; let's take a look at some footage&nbsp;&nbsp; of the system in action. As you're watching&nbsp; this footage, take a look at the difference&nbsp;&nbsp; of the running angle of the boat when the&nbsp; system is on versus when the system is off.&nbsp;&nbsp; Starting with the ride system off, you'll&nbsp; notice there's a nice bit of chop on the water&nbsp;&nbsp; making the ride a little bouncy. Notice&nbsp; the bow compared to the horizon here&nbsp;&nbsp; and how much movement there is. Once the system&nbsp; is turned on you notice an immediate change in&nbsp;&nbsp; keeping the boat's true running attitude. Once the&nbsp; system is kicked off again, you can see the same&nbsp;&nbsp; effect yet again. The bow begins to bounce higher, which makes the ride much more uncomfortable. The&nbsp;&nbsp; boat remains at the same speed nothing changes&nbsp; other than we are turning the system on and off. Moving to a new date, you'll notice the conditions&nbsp; are much rougher there are bigger swells stacked&nbsp;&nbsp; together with more wind chop on top creating&nbsp; very rough conditions for smaller vessels.&nbsp;&nbsp; However, once we turn the system&nbsp; on the boat's attitude changes&nbsp;&nbsp; drastically. It's still rough, but there is a&nbsp; huge difference in how the boat is handling.&nbsp;&nbsp; Moving to an even rougher area of&nbsp; water, you notice with the system&nbsp;&nbsp; off that the boat is jumping out of&nbsp; the water. When the boat comes down,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's coming down on its port and starboard&nbsp; size making it difficult to control the boat. Once the ride system is turned&nbsp; on, the boat no longer jumps&nbsp;&nbsp; and stays level even in extremely rough conditions. Each one of our hulls is designed&nbsp; to run at a certain angle.&nbsp;&nbsp; Keeping this running attitude consistent,&nbsp; allows the hull design to perform&nbsp;&nbsp; at an optimal level and achieves the best&nbsp; ride performance and fuel consumption. The Seakeeper&nbsp;&nbsp; ride can go from zero to one hundred&nbsp; percent deployment in one tenth of a second.&nbsp;&nbsp; Meaning that it can make fine adjustments very&nbsp; quickly and this is what makes the ride smoother.&nbsp;&nbsp; For us, one of the most exciting features about&nbsp; this product is how extremely intuitive it is.&nbsp;&nbsp; The product is completely autonomous and just&nbsp; works without having to do anything at all.&nbsp;&nbsp; Everyone will be able to enjoy the&nbsp; smoother ride from the minute you&nbsp;&nbsp; launch it, to the second that you&nbsp; put the boat back on the trailer.&nbsp;&nbsp; Whether you're a weekend warrior going to&nbsp; the sandbar or hardcore offshore fishermen,&nbsp;&nbsp; this product is 100% effective in all of those&nbsp; conditions. For model year 2023, the ride system&nbsp;&nbsp; will be standard in our Open 232 and Heritage&nbsp; 231 as well as our Open 212 and Heritage 211. Let's break down the actual hardware of the&nbsp; system. There are two actuators mounted on&nbsp;&nbsp; the transom. One for the port side and one for&nbsp; the starboard side. The rotary design requires&nbsp;&nbsp; minimal amp draw making them very efficient. The&nbsp; scoops deploy a total of one inch to create the&nbsp;&nbsp; counter effect needed to stabilize the boat. On the&nbsp; dash, there are no visible control panels at all. &nbsp; For those new to boating, the feedback has&nbsp; always been that trim tabs are one of the&nbsp;&nbsp; more difficult skills to master while learning&nbsp; how to boat. Then, there's the ongoing adjustments&nbsp;&nbsp; that need to be made as weight shifts around&nbsp; the boat. For example, if a person goes from&nbsp;&nbsp; one side of the boat to the other, then this will&nbsp; necessitate a separate adjustment of the trim tabs. Seakeeper ride system will take care of&nbsp; this problem by auto leveling on the fly.&nbsp;&nbsp; With this technology, it doesn't matter how good&nbsp; an operator is. The system can still outperform&nbsp;&nbsp; just because of how quick it is. It can react&nbsp; and stabilize throughout the entire process&nbsp;&nbsp; so you're not only leveling, but you're&nbsp; also stabilizing for a much smoother ride. There are some conditions that may require&nbsp; to make some slight adjustments and for that&nbsp;&nbsp; you can use the built-in one hell map on your&nbsp; Garmin system. The app allows you to add a bias&nbsp;&nbsp; to adjust the running attitude or deliberately&nbsp; create a list to account for sea conditions.&nbsp;&nbsp; These adjustments are measured in terms&nbsp; of degrees. Let's say that you needed a&nbsp;&nbsp; little bit of an angle or list in&nbsp; the boat's current sea conditions.&nbsp;&nbsp; The operator can go into the one helm app and&nbsp; click on the port or starboard buttons to add&nbsp;&nbsp; that in in half degree increments. The Seakeeper&nbsp; ride system will continue to stabilize the boat&nbsp;&nbsp; but retain this bias to one side. You can always&nbsp; reset it back to zero when it's no longer needed. One main key advantage of this system is&nbsp; that it helps the boat get up on plane.&nbsp;&nbsp; Let's do a quick side by side comparison of time&nbsp; to plane with the engine at the same level of trim.&nbsp;&nbsp; For the first test, I will keep&nbsp; the Seakeeper ride system off. For this next test, we're going to turn on the Seakeeper&nbsp;&nbsp; system, but keep the&nbsp; engine trim exactly the same. This is a great feature of this product and it&nbsp; will help newcomers feel very confident behind&nbsp;&nbsp; the wheel. The way that if system does this&nbsp; is by reading the ride profile that we've&nbsp;&nbsp; installed into each of the boats. We've created a&nbsp; ride profile that fits many different conditions&nbsp;&nbsp; and it's a great all-around performance. But if&nbsp; you're an advanced user and you want to make&nbsp;&nbsp; certain adjustments to fit your boating style&nbsp; better, you can go into the advanced section&nbsp;&nbsp; on the screen and make the necessary adjustments. A&nbsp; good use case for a custom adjustment might be if&nbsp;&nbsp; you typically run the boat with people sitting at&nbsp; the bow. You can dial down some of the deployment&nbsp;&nbsp; at the lower speeds as the additional weight up&nbsp; front will assist the boat getting up on plane.&nbsp;&nbsp; As far as maintenance goes, there is&nbsp; virtually no maintenance with the system.&nbsp;&nbsp; The same as it would be with any traditional trim&nbsp; system. The Seakeeper ride system comes back with&nbsp;&nbsp; an exclusive three-year warranty period and joins&nbsp; the Sportlink Electronics Integration system.&nbsp;&nbsp; The Seakeeper ride system revolutionizes&nbsp; the way we think a boat should perform&nbsp;&nbsp; and handle. It can be enjoyed by everyone on&nbsp; board and the difference in rod quality simply is&nbsp;&nbsp; mind blowing. From Stuart Florida, my name&nbsp; is Victor and thank you for watching.

  Top Comments:
  1. @brettdman2908 [10 likes]: just bought a 2024 232 Sportsman Open yesterday after an impressive sea trial with the seakeepeer.  I loved the boat, but when he turned on the seakeeper, the boat was sold.  We took it out in some nasty waves today, and I was a little disheartened at first.  I said it just doesnt feel the same, went to settings and we had left it in manual.  Set it to auto and the ride was unbelievable.  I am so happy with my boat and seakeeper!  Thanks!!!
  2. @fireblade274 [2 likes]: Im a ChrisCraft dealer who also comes standard with this feature, and i still send this video to my clients. You guys do a great job explaining seakeeper ride and showing what its capable of!
  3. @Jeff-mv4yy [1 likes]: I’d like to see a rough water ride comparison between sea keeper and the same boat with trim tabs .  The automatic adjustment is great , but I’ve been using tabs for 35 years and know what I’m doing . Would be great to see the rough water stability improvement with sea keeper vs tabs
  4. @IvanMidwing [1 likes]: Zipwake Clone?
  5. @skinny1968: Looks like drag to me. A little bit of knowledge about your own trim tabs and how to use them would help . There's no way a twitch from these things could result in smoothing out ride that much. You might as well put your hand in the water. Trimming the motor is probably getting the results.
  6. @Bradgilliswhammyman: Part of the boating experience is dealing with wave action,  Why pay 30 or 50 thousand extra dollars for a inauthentic boating experience. ?
  7. @blightborn87: How about fuel economy? I guess it would falter with the system on.. Since you basically stabilize the boat with drag++ But how much?
  8. @thecoinpirate1059: What about sitting still or do we still need the gyro
  9. @travisrc4372: so basically ailerons but for your boat.
  10. @russkielol: How much is it
  11. @SeaPro360: Meh.  That's what trim tabs do.  When I go from NO tab (the "off video) and put some tab down, it forced the bow to cleave the wave.  Look especially at the "rough" video.  With the system on, waaaaay more of the hull is staying in the water.
  12. @Tony-ge2hj: my boat tends to lean toward port side - will this also help to keep it level?
  13. @MAGApepe: nice,,, now what happens when you trim the motor up ? does it over ride the trim  motor up with tabs trim down the bow ?
  14. @johnnya9001: Would this system work to prevent excess roll on a Grand Banks 32?
  15. @BennyBoom77: Everything about it seems to be Great! But that Warranty!!! ONLY 3! would be best if it were more like 10!!!
  16. @23101979T: Very interesting !
Except this touch screen controls 👎👎
Soo unpractical, on the boat! 
Development and technology improvements?!  In some other environment, maybe.
Definitely not, in this case..
Give us back switches, buttons and joysticks, on our boats!
  17. @johngrant7696: What does this system do to fuel burn?
  18. @loganjeffries4542: How do I get these in Australia someone please let me know
  19. @gatgolf: What are the sensors being used to detect attitude in both planes?
  20. @gatgolf: Are they making outboard trim changes also?

- MJM Yachts Seakeeper Gyro Stabilizer Review and Installation: Kind: captions Language: en MGM Yachts has become world-renowned for the luxury of effortless driving and there's many components that make that effect one of which is a gyro stabilizer So today we're going to take a look at the components and installation of a seeper 5 the seeper 5 is a compact system comprised of the display panel located at the helm and the gyro main unit the seat keeper is self-contained with no external hardware other than the display and a seawater pum pump located within the unit is the computer that controls the seae Keeper's operation shown here is the drive box located behind this panel is the IMU sensor or inertial measurement unit the brain that makes continuous calculations so seeper active control can adjust gyro torque to eliminate up to 95% of roll the computer controls hydraulic dampeners allowing the gyro to apply differing levels of torque relative to the boat speed and SE date the core component of the gyro the item that makes all the magic happen is a 400 lb steel flywheel inside this outer sphere the flywheel spins in a vacuum at 10,700 RPM to produce the inertia necessary to eliminate virtually all of a boat's roll although power usage is minimal when the gyro is in operation like anything electrical it produces some heat and needs to be cooled seae keeper has remedied this via a closed loop cooling system and heat exchanger similar to your engine or generator in addition to the patented cooling system seke keeper installation requires a through hole fitting so the water pump can circulate sea water through the heat exchanger to cool water in the closed loop system the temperature is monitored by sensors within the sphere enclosure seen here is one of the temperature gauges easy installation and maintenance as well as reliability are assured through the use of aircraft quality ditch connectors sealed against any moisture intrusion MJM yachs was the first brand in the world to make a cber gyro standard equipment doing so in the MJM 50z the unit fits perfectly onto structural reinforcing stringers low in the hull customized to deal with the high loads imparted by waves trying to rip the hull off the seae keeper which is acting like an immovable Rock it's secured in position with 16 high strength Bol s to mounts cast from an aluminum alloy the installation is straightforward and can be retrofitted into boats having their requisite structure testing is shown seeke keeper eliminates 92% of roll on the MJM 40z at rest and underway combine a seae keeper gyro stabilizer with the low vertical center of gravity Advanced epoxy composite construction and the iso category a ocean certification of the MJM 40z or 50z and you get a very special yacht the ultimate in cruising comfort

  Top Comments:
  1. @stuartadair [2 likes]: Would have watched but the daft music overlaying the speech ruined it. I want to hear what your saying which is surely the point in the video?
  2. @waltermcdonald5042 [1 likes]: This video will not load tried it for 3 days
  3. @captainmarkgray8856 [1 likes]: What happens if / when it overheats (the water intake gets clogged etc)? Redundant systems to shut it down before it blows?

Awesome if rocking bothers you. I like a little rocking to sleep better because my bones ache (sleeping beam to beam when rocking hard vs bow to stern when rocking gently :-) This is great for any powerboat as they seem to rock very hard, pounding a lot. The large keel on a sailboat softens the rock a lot.
  4. @Zortorond [1 likes]: This is very cool! Can it also accumulate energy and work as the navigational device? Can you use it active to improve the boat maneuverability?
  5. @Andronicus1717 [1 likes]: Cool hardware, though you should not be using those those split lock washers for mounting @2:33 as they at most are useless and do nothing, and at worst can make joint loosen faster once you've gotten to the point of loosening.  http://www.boltscience.com/pages/helicalspringwashers.htm has a good explanation.  You're already applying a thread-locking adhesive and torquing the fasteners so it doesn't make much sense.
  6. @DarrelllCampbelll: Aint nobody got room for that
  7. @socialdining1496: Will it remove seasickness?
  8. @JohnAdams-mu7xd: Could this work on a catamaran?
  9. @george-br7ki: can i fit this in a Janneau 54 sailing yacht?
  10. @josephinbody676: Can this stabilizer be used also with the fin stabilizers or in conjunction with

- Do boat STABILIZERS actually work? Watch our test WITH & WITHOUT them to find out! [MV FREEDOM]: Kind: captions Language: en we're at a minute 50. okay should we should we go without there we go there we go hold your horses do you want to put Sully down okay [Music] thank you [Applause] foreign last time aboard Freedom we said goodbye to princess Louisa Inlet and hello to more of what makes this part of the world a very special place for Cruisers once we reached Pender Harbor to wait for another optimal weather window we got to enjoy many of the nooks and crannies that make the small Waterfront Community unique and you'll never guess who came back Dino yep you heard me right he showed up just in time to snag a front row seat at the holiday boat parade if you missed it be sure to check it out now we're getting ready to pull up the anchor and cross the street of Georgia to Vancouver Island but not before dealing with our least favorite thing on a boat wet snow and ice oh no what is this oh we got like two inches don't worry guys Santa's still gonna find us don't worry and I think next week is going to be 45 and we can go out and play oh the weather outside is right the Snows nothing delightful it's such a good thing I hate this though I hate the snow I hate the snow hate the snow should we do this yeah fire up the Beast yeah bring in the anchor I don't think I'm gonna wash it down or we'll probably have a big ice medicine or anchor Locker you know that's another positive thing about this not only do we not have dock lines that are Frozen when it snows at anchor but we don't waste our water oh we got plenty of that but um I hope it's not muddy that's money that I kind of have to rinse it off no can't you just wait and then spray out the anchor Locker we'll see what we get all these experiences all right you think it's gonna start it's cold yeah it'll start oh shoot how it starts she's a great lady sweetie she never lets us down no oh sorry yeah but no you want to go out there and raise anchor today you better learn how to uh you know I would but I got the thing I gotta do and then I'll probably warm up again before pulling the anchor how cold is it pretty cool you need my help yes yes I'll uh come into Helm and watch the the you know stuff in there and you come out here and do the anchor okay just give me like 30 minutes I got that thing I gotta do okay I'll come in there and wait then for the 30 minutes okay I'm sure everyone's Under Armor can hear you just say Merry Christmas merry we have a hot water wash down which is great it's gonna be interesting to see if that freezes in the anchor Locker that'll be something we are pulling out of Pender Harbor in route to Comox at about seven hours to go you might be wondering why we thought today was our optimal weather window well for us optimal weather is more about light wind and a wave forecast that won't have us feeling like we're in an episode of Deadliest Catch but despite today's wintry weather we're grateful for relatively calm seas that along with our stabilizers will help to keep us happy and comfortable while underway brought in our big 50 amp power cord just to make sure it's pliable for later when we get to the dock and I brought in our towels because they have Frozen again quite stiff at the moment so by the time we get there this will be thawed and yeah wipe the dog's Paws again so several people have asked us to do a test on our stabilizers to show what the ride is like with and without stabilization and I've always said Well when the conditions are really good for the use of our stabilizers those usually aren't the conditions where we want to turn them off because they make a huge difference but we're going to try it today we've got a really nice beam seat coming at us on the starboard what's the wind we've got anywhere from yeah 12 to 15 knots of wind and it's a pretty rolly ride but it's not horrible so we're going to give it a test just an FYI our stabilizers control the roll of the boat not the pitch so the boat still goes up and down like when we crash into a wave we still go up and down we just don't have that that really bad roll so that's all stabilizers do for us but they work incredibly well we just did a quick test turning the stabilizers off and it was bad so we're gonna try it uh We've mounted a GoPro the stabilization on those is so good and a lot of times it's hard to capture this with like a camera or phone or GoPro because stabilization is so good you don't really get the true effect but we're gonna try it so what do you think a minute or 30 seconds on both absolutely yeah we literally turned it off for like 15 seconds and we're like yep go back on so we'll maybe Target a minute each and we'll we'll see maybe in 30 seconds maybe 10 15. who knows but uh yeah we will see what this is like with and without our stabilizers think before we do that I'm going to latch up our fridges so stuff doesn't go flying out okay all right are you ready for this test I'm ready okay so again as Elizabeth said we have a BMC probably about three feet um on a pretty short period uh right now the stabilizers are on so this is our stabilizer controller right over here you can actually see in real time how much the fins are moving to try to keep the boat steady to try to keep the roll minimized so in a little bit we will turn them off and see how much of a difference it makes bar graphs that are going up and down is a position indicator for each of the fins so they're working hard so they're going through about 50 of their range of motion okay what time are we at here we're at a minute 50 okay should we all right here we go here we go hold your horses do you want to put Sully down okay it's definitely immediately like oh yeah oh boy it's like so hard to describe this it's so hard to show in video but it's just an immediate difference like I was able to stand okay without or with them on and now with them off I mean it's like even stuff's moving around it's rolling we had to sit through this kind of role for our entire cruises which are always usually at least seven eight hours it would not oh yeah yeah we've been in some big seas and the stabilizers just work what God I lashed the fridge it's immediate isn't it yeah this is why we waited for freedom waited for a boat with stabilization I can hear the soda cans banging around turn back up sure the basic thing is one just one fin on take care of like 90 of it I think you almost don't even yeah two well that's good to know if whenever we've had one now before yep one fails immediate it's literally immediate you can just feel when a wave hits us from the side the boat just you can feel it kind of fighting to stay upright yeah it's like planted and now I guess we'll put that back and see if anything rolls around such a huge difference so that's it that's the before and after I hope it it's so hard to know if that's going to come through in video um I kind of doubt it but you never know but man instantaneous difference turning it off and then turning it back on um I would not want to be on this boat for more than 30 minutes without stabilizers on um do you agree Sean be a yeah it would be a rough ride uncomfortable yeah so Michael this one's for you all right I'm gonna take you downstairs quick and show you the stabilizers uh moving while we're underway so you saw the little bar graph on the screen now I'll show you the physical uh actuator that turns the fin you can see it moves quite quickly and quite frequently so it's in our shower disregard there's a bunch of soap scum under the seat but this is our stabilizer so this hydraulic cylinder is extending and retracting and turning a yoke so this little arm down here is the bottom side of that yoke and the center it's clamped onto a shaft right here that goes down to the fin through the boat hull so this is it moving in real time hydraulic cylinder is controlled by that Servo hydraulic valve proportionately controlled hydraulic valve this hydraulic manifold all right we're crossing the bar here in I always get nervous when we cross a bar uh it's about like five feet I think it's high tide right now pretty uneventful the wind died just in time for our arrival which always happens but yeah we got like eight knots of wind and uh pretty uneventful bar Crossing thanks for watching if you enjoyed getting to witness our stabilizers in action and seeing firsthand why we would never want to be without them be sure to give us a like become a subscriber and hit the Bell so you won't miss next time when we dig ourselves out of the frozen tundra and explore a great place for Cruisers Comox Harbor we'll see you next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @MistiMoan [4 likes]: 12:06 it's actually so easy to show in video. You did a great job. You could see the horizon in comparison to the handrails. With and without the stabilizers. It was very noticeable.
15:12 I would like to get a monohull sailboat with a Regen electric motor conversion like an oceanvolt and add stabilizers to it(since hydrofoils would be more difficult on a non-racing hull.)
  2. @petercan1020 [2 likes]: She's complaining about the snow but she's not doing a damn thing to help him clear it typical woman
  3. @Success4u2 [2 likes]: This was a 3 min video. Watch our time please.
Thanks,
  4. @cenkbel4082 [2 likes]: what is the name of the stabilization?
  5. @pdiazduran [1 likes]: Does it do anything while at anchor? If not, do you do something to stop motion while at anchor? Great video, thank you.
  6. @garylee0150 [1 likes]: Can really see the difference on the horizon looking through the railing
  7. @paullambert6485 [1 likes]: Cant believe 2025 seaaon has ended already. 😢
  8. @Tnapvrvideo [1 likes]: Great On/Off demo. Buying a new N41 and there are two choices: TRAC and a new option Magnus Master. We are in full agreement with you that stabilization is a must. Which choice to make is not easy having no experience with either brand. What has your overall experience been with TRAC (maintenance, etc.)? And, do you know any Magnus Master owners and how they have performed (maintenance included)? Thanks and safe travels!
  9. @brianshillito4909 [1 likes]: These boats roll on a wet carpet!
  10. @motor2of7 [1 likes]: Does the reduced roll also reduce the likelihood and/or severity of seasickness?
  11. @jonmartin138: The wiring going into the cord grip, left side of the stabilizer valve, has the inner wires exposed where they come through, the cord grip should be clamping on the outer insulation. While that in itself may not be bad, it appeared that the cable was flexing slightly and that is where you might get chafing on those inner wires. You might want to make sure they are OK and positioned where they wont rub on anything. Anyway, great videos! Enjoying them immensely.
  12. @bertbattersby9220: Break out the BLOWER and a whisk broom. I know their are two types of Stabilizers one is OUT RIGGERS and GYRO STABILIZERS, OUT RIGGER STABILIZERS and side fins are simple GYRO STABILIZERS is a GYRO that spins in the opposite direction of the roll  so if your roll is port to stabber side rolling the GYRO will spin to the opposite direction of the roll to stabilize the object out or the boat roll out. Side Fins can work with GYRO STABILIZER.
  13. @garylee0150: You should get interior stabilizer.
  14. @janhenning4678: You people sucks, this women is spot on , she is not a prima donna 😮why do you want to fall all over the place if you don,t have to,
  15. @petercan1020: What are prima donna I can't Sail Without a stabilizer give me a break
  16. @daveharrison8286: Miss your presentations!
  17. @johnharden6343: I am leaving Southern California in three days. I bought a boat in Nanaimo and I’ll be joining you soon.
  18. @MistiMoan: What type of stabilizer are you using
  19. @Onyourbiketoo: Next episode … how amazing autopilot is in keeping course instead of steering by hand 🤣
  20. @BILLYC0DE: This nordhavn doesnt have those poles on it that go out and tow the "fish" behind it to stabilize it? I know of people that dont even use the fins because those flopper stopper things do enough for them. (Paravane)

- Yacht Stabilizers: Gyro vs. Fins Pros & Cons: & Important Safety Information About Fin Stabilizers!!: Kind: captions Language: en engine room of this Absolute 75 Nevada on top of a Sea Keeper gyroscope that comes equipped on this boat. And want to talk briefly about some of the pros and cons of gyroscopic stabilization versus traditional fin stabilization. Um, we have another video that explains how gyroscopic stabilization works. So, gyroscopic stabilizers are internal. So, there's nothing outside the boat like fins sticking out. Um, and gyroscopic stabilization is really a passive system. It's using physics to allow the gyroscope to move forward and aft and apply perpendicular torque when the boat moves side to side. That works incredibly well. Now, a fin stabilizer system is different. Of course, we have fins outside the boat. um that means that a computer system is moving those fins to counteract the roll side to side of your boat. And that means too, as you can imagine, a fin system is more effective at speed because you have more uh surface area on those fins or more speed, more water resistance on those fins, allowing them to control the roll of the boat. Although modern fin stabilizer systems also still do work very well at rest because they have enough surface area and the computer technology to move those fins quickly ensures that your boat does not go side to side either at rest, slow speed or high speed. Now fins obviously we're adding drag. We have things that are coming down from the hull. We are adding potentially collision issues. Oh, obviously we could hit something with a fin. If we if there was debris or we went into shallow water, a fin could hit something. There are some safety issues with fins as well. When the boat is at rest and you have a tender right next to the boat or people are swimming, those fins are underwater working and they can sometimes cause problems uh and be dangerous. So, it's really best to disable your fin stabilizer systems when you're at anchor and you have people in the water or tenders pulling up alongside your boat. So, just be aware of that. Now, a gyroscopic stabilizer, of course, has nothing outside the boat. And it's passive because once that gyroscope is spinning at 10,000 RPM, and we engage it, we allow it to freely move. It freely moves for and aft in response to that side to side motion of your boat. Works incredibly well. It's very efficient. Um, you're not having any drag. You're having easier mechanical maintenance. Um, and it just works incredibly well. So uh the other thing too again about a gyroscope is remember it works very well and really equally well regardless of the speed of your vessel. So whether you are at rest moving slowly or moving quickly a gyroscope is having an equal ability to reduce the side to side roll of your boat. Fins improve their ability to reduce side to side roll the faster you're going. Um so that is the difference. A gyroscope always has that ability. So, especially at slow speeds, a gyroscope is going to have just as much capability to reduce side to side roll as at high speeds or even at rest. Um, so just some of the differences between gyroscopic stabilization and a traditional fin stabilizer system. I'll tell you, I assumed when I was learning about gyroscopes years ago that the gyroscope moved this way to counteract the boat going that way. But that's not the way the physics work. This boat, this gyroscope never goes side to side. It only goes for and aft. Gyroscopic precession and perpendicular torque to very effectively and dramatically reduce and virtually eliminate side to side roll in your boat. Um, again, it varies according to boat size of seaeper installed and so on, but it's a very effective solution that we spec in all of our boats, traditionally up to 75 ft at least. Um, gyroscopes just work very, very well for our customers. So, my name's Christopher with One Water Yacht Group. If I can assist you enjoying South Florida yaching or explain the ST stabilizer systems that we offer on our yachts, please give me a call. 561-2851212. Thank

  Top Comments:
  1. @mukkaar [3 likes]: Gyro is nice, if you are planning on running generator or otherwise due to various reasons you don't care about power or fuel consumption. But for owner operator that's not ultra rich, fin stabilization makes much more sense. Especially electric. It's simplest, fast and efficient. It's also cheaper and takes less space inside the hull, which are all considerations when thinking economically. Obviously it does present an weak point in the hull, but everything is an trade off. 
But for charter, ultra luxury etc. gyro is really nice just due to how good it is at keeping boat stable when still.
  2. @Pgroomer [3 likes]: What about having both. On a 80ft. Bearing.
  3. @johnwright456 [2 likes]: I just don't worry about it . just go fishing and the rocking puts me to sleep. Fish wakes me up or tree.😃
  4. @MYNautiGirl [1 likes]: Good to know information. I've been leaning towards a seakeeper, but all the boats I've seen here in Canada are equipped with stabilizers. However, one aspect that you didn't touch on is weight and size footprint of a seakeeper. I imagine the rotor must be quite heavy, no? I've seen some electric stabilizer systems that are quite compact inside the boat. Maybe taking up a cubic foot on each side of the hull. Good point about making sure they're off before jumping in for a swim! You would also have to watch your dinghy's painter line if it was tied to the side.
  5. @robertfrost1683 [1 likes]: Riva 90 Argo - has both systems. No problem.
  6. @RoyThacker-adventures [1 likes]: I had a 52 nevetta. Gyro works ok with 6-12” seas. Get above that. They hardly work at all. Our new boat has fins. Much better for higher seas
  7. @tod5098 [1 likes]: Do these work/are they needed on power cats?
  8. @christopherbaas1774 [1 likes]: Do you know the fuel efficiency difference caused by the drag of stabilizer fins vs a gyroscope? I wonder if it would offset the added energy consumption caused by the gyroscope. Also, you said their used more on yachts under 75’, why is that?
  9. @jbr555s: Thank you for the video. Let’s say you have a 65 foot troller with battery Bank and Solar and you don’t wanna run the generator all night long or for days at a time, which one is better or are they both equal? They can equally runoff the battery bank?
  10. @AB-80X: One thing to mention about a gyro stabiliser when it comes to cons. They are essentially a bomb on your vessel. If that flywheel fails, there is nothing that will contain it. It would blow though anything in its path. Hull, deck, sides, people... Seakeeper never mentions this kind of failure.
  11. @ayokay123: Awesome explanation. THANKS!!!!
  12. @znerol1: so gyro only prevents rolling not pitching
  13. @pollyannapositive9192: I like gyroscopicstabilizer
  14. @800-y7j: you are great at explaining this stuff!
  15. @jeffm6273: Gyros are stupidly expensive and require huge amounts of power. Other than that they are fine.
  16. @prawnstar9213: Well, they had none of this on tall ships.. think of those guys on their hammocks
  17. @barta844: What is the cost difference between hydraulic fin vrs gyro?
  18. @jacktyler7599: This summary seems to ignore the range of 'cons' which must be faced retrofitting one of these systems in a yacht.  The 'high tech' Seakeeper type' system seems appealing until a foot print for it must be found, the power needed is considered, the install cost & time is identified, and all this compared with modern electric fin systems.
  19. @gian534able: Can you have both systems at the same time?
  20. @rykehuss3435: Gyro does not work at speed. Maybe at displacement speeds it can still do something, but its effect vanishes at around 20 knots because the forces on the boat's roll increase with speed. So if you want roll stabilization at planing speeds, fins are your only option because fins get stronger at speed because of the increased lift generated due to more water flow over the surfaces.

- How To Change the Oil on a Yacht Generator (65kw Northern Lights): Kind: captions Language: en how's it going everyone welcome back to the channel um i'm excited to be here today i'm going to be doing a pretty cool video doing a full oil change on our 65 kilowatt northern lights generator i've done it a few times here now and i'm gonna go ahead and bring you guys along with it let's get straight to it [Music] all right first thing first we want to make sure that it never starts while we're working on it so we're going to go ahead and put the battery switch off and we're good we're safe okay so along with the oil change we're also going to be changing the fuel separator the fuel filter and the oil filter so i'm going to go ahead and get these ready for putting them on and we're going to get straight to changing the oil all right now we can go ahead and take off our covering panels like so flip them off to the side and get access to our generator like so all right so now we have our oil filter here our fuel separator right here our input and output or input and output of our clean oil and dirty oil and right over here is our rayquar all right so it's a little bit of a pain but this is how we suck oil from the generator and put it in so we have a pump right here two sets of hoses and quick connects that attach right there okay so we have it hooked up there running running running a bunch of extra hose you're going to be sucking it to a 5 gallon bucket and all we have to do now is flip this valve right under there right here to open and uh we can start sucking okay this is moment of truth we're gonna go ahead and put the switch see if we get something all right there it goes sweet soak it till it's dry all right so now we're going to remove our old oil filter and it is just as simple as unscrewing it swapping it out with the new one it's probably going to have some oil in it so i have a bucket right here with our old filters there you go full of oil just going to go ahead and dump that in like so let that drain and i have my new filter right here and i've already uh put a new oil on the seal and i'm going to go ahead and just slap that right back on but i'm going to wipe this uh just with the paper towel so and just hand tight is good because you definitely want to be able to get this back up all right so now all of the old oil is out our oil filter is changed and now all we got to do is fill it up with some good old clean oil all right so now i'm going to go ahead and fill that up with 15 w40 i'm going to just keep an eye on the dipstick um because i don't really know how much it takes but uh just keep an eye on it pour some keep on it for something all right only took me 10 minutes but we got it filled up and it is practically perfectly in the hash marks i don't know if you can see it it's right there halfway in the hashes and that means we're done that's our oil change all right so that is our oil change i'm going to go ahead and take out the funnel put our cap back on and call it i'm gonna go ahead and start it up just make sure everything is pumping through everything's working fine keeps uh the heat on it it's going well all right so we're gonna go ahead and turn our battery switch back on and we're going to go and start her up all right here's our starboard generator i'm going to go ahead and preheat that's just priming it and getting it ready to start and i start [Applause] let's check it out i think we got it okay so i went ahead and started as you saw i'm gonna go ahead and just check the oil level now oil has been able to pump through all the system especially just the oil but now there's all the new oils in the lines we're going to go ahead and check our level again and uh looks like we actually dropped a little bit i'm going to go ahead and add some more but i'm just going to add like a few drops here and there i hope you guys enjoyed the video make sure to like comment and subscribe i'm going to be changing the fuel separator and fuel filter and you'll see that in the next video but uh once again thanks for watching and i'll see you next time thank you

  Top Comments:
  1. @davidboulton101 [1 likes]: Should really fill the new oil filters first before installing as per the instructions on the side of the filter. Any reason you choose not to do this?
  2. @oddiocurtiss: Can you change the oil in my car next?
  3. @sethrowland4956: 🔥

- How this boat yard had a dangerous energy problem - until now: Kind: captions Language: en On an island off the coast of West Cork, there's a boatyard that's been welding, servicing and building vessels since 2004, and a power problem that was slowly eating the business alive. This is how one family on the edge of the Atlantic took control of their energy and futureproofed their business for the next generation. This film is available in several alternative audio languages and subtitles. Just click the cog to change the settings. Their island sits just south of Ireland. Getting here means a ferry. Getting anything done here means dealing with the realities of island life, and that includes power. We had three-phase on site because my father had a fish farm. We were doing abalone before, so that was very unique to have a three-phase supply on an island. It sounds like an advantage and it was up to a point, but as the boatyard grew, the supply simply couldn't keep up. When we started, we had 40 kilowatts ...was our income. And the crane alone with a power crane here, the crane was taking a hundred kilowatts, with a compressor, taking 25 kilowatts, Running a crane and multiple compressors on a supply that was already at its limit meant the voltage was constantly dropping. Sensitive equipment could not handle that, and on a working boat yard, the consequences were costly. We were at a hundred percent overload. For half the time when we were at the edge, we were blowing motors and it was costing us a fortune. And when the grid went down, everything stopped. Except here, stopping is not an option. There's a dry dock, seven metres below sea level, and it has to stay dry. We always had a backup so we didn't stop. We kept going because we couldn't stop because if you have a boat inside the dock and you were disturbing two boats or holding her, if the water comes up, she's gone. We can't afford it. For years, the answer was diesel. A 250 kVA generator, running as a backup, covering the heavy loads that the grid couldn't handle. It kept things moving, but the bill kept growing. When we started back in 2004/5 it was costing us about 80 euros to pump out the dock. Diesel was 25 cents a litre, so it's exponentially gone cuckoo. So we looked around to see how can we sort out or reduce running costs. We have to make our business future proof. Being on an island adds another layer. Everything costs more to bring over. And when energy prices spiked after the war in Ukraine, the pressure became unsustainable. When the war started, oil prices went up to eighteen and a half thousand Euros. That's unsustainable. Just in one bang from eight thousand to eighteen and a half. It's just ridiculous. We could not do it. There were no surviving in the business. We were down off a cliff. Gerard had looked at solar before. An early attempt with panels on the wrong side of a shed had cost him 40,000 euros in lost generation. That experience has taught him something important. The technology is only as good as the people installing it. We started with the with the product first. We started with Victron Energy actually, because we were used to playing with Victron on the fishing boats. They had chargers and so on and so forth - so we knew that there and there was a backup attached, so that was very important for us. They attended a Victron training course on the mainland where they were introduced to what a modern hybrid Victron Energy system could actually do. That's also where they met Maciek Banski from Energy Freedom Systems. Their vision was very, very interesting. You know, they had done it in smaller companies with other ones. So that, that to me was very, very I was delighted with it. It was way more than what I expected Before a single panel went up. Maciek's process starts with data - not a rough estimate of what the site was using, but four months of real measurements. What I'm interested in the most is the peak power, peak load because this is the key number to size the system. For Bear Island Boatyard, that data reveals a particularly unusual load pattern. Most businesses quiet down overnight as people go home. This one, however, can't afford to. Most important thing for this place is to keep the dry dock dry as it's seven metres below sea level. That place cannot afford losing power because it would've got flooded and would destroy a lot of equipment. Overnight depending on the weather conditions... if there is a rain and wind blowing in more water into the dock, we could even consume 30 to 50 kilowatt hours overnight, keeping the dock dry. The solution is built around Victron Energy equipment and it is substantial on the main dock building. An east west solar PV setup feeds into a 40 kilowatt grid tie inverter. Behind the boat yard, there's a ground mounted array. It's the ground mount array of 280 solar PV panels bi-facial driven by three Fronius Eco 27 kilowatt inverters. Bi-facial panels are worth explaining: They generate power from both sides. Picking up reflective light from the ground below. On a ground mounted setup that extra efficiency genuinely adds up. All that solar generation feeds into a purpose-built container that is the heart of the power system. In the container, there is a Victron Energy system, one hundred and eighty kVA, built of Quattro-II 15 kVA - 12 units - and the battery bank that contains 18 units, 16 kilowatt hour each of storage lithium batteries, 288 kilowatt hours of lithium ion phosphate storage. And to handle the current moving through the system at peak loads, Maciek's team had to fabricate something custom. We are dealing here with up to 2000 Amps. So we had to build bespoke busbar space on thousand square millimetres, pure copper busbar so they can easily deal with our amps without any voltage loss at peak power. The existing 250 kVA diesel generator remains in the system, but its role has completely changed. It no longer runs to cover the grid's shortfalls. Now it's a safety net controlled entirely by the Victron Energy Cerbo GX. It's programmed to stand by kicking in, charging batteries like a cruise control in the car. It's charging up the batteries and shutting down. There is no idling, there is no unefficient fuel burning. What ties everything together is Victron's 'Dynamic ESS'. It's an algorithm that manages when the system draws from solar, when it uses stored battery power and when it buys from the grid. Always choosing the cheapest available source System decides when to purchase energy, when to sell energy, how much to buy; the system is self-learning. We can see the improvement over weeks and weeks. The goal is not to trade energy for profit, but to use as much of what the site generates as possible. At the beginning, I was a bit reluctant to use it on such a big operation as is Bear Island boatyard because they can't afford loss of energy or shortage of power. So I was just playing with the settings remotely. Day by day I saw progress and I saw Dynamic ESS running. Basically it plays by itself. Dynamic ESS basically tries to use cheapest available energy, which is either solar pv or the night-rate of the grid, especially in the winter. The results have been immediate and tangible. A boat valued at four and a half million euros was brought into the dock after being built in the Netherlands. The engineer on board commented that it was the most stable shore power the vessel had experienced since leaving the shipyard. We had the exact opposite before because we plugged boats in and the voltage was dipping. And the boat that we were dealing with are fishing boats and they're very high spec. You know they have radars and sonars and all sorts of stuff in them, and they cannot have voltage fluctuation because it blows them. It blows the machines and it has happened to us. So it was a huge cost when it goes wrong. The wider financial picture is also becoming clearer. The full system cost around 230,000 euros. Gerard expects the payback period to be five to six years and possibly sooner if energy prices continue to rise. And it was more important to get the right people that we could, so that if something went wrong they'd fix it. And that there were products we could add - and we'd have support in that. That for me was critical. And on remote access - which matters when your installer is not on the island with you every day - Victron's VRM (Victron Remote Management) is central to how Maciek manages the system. I can do 90% of my work remotely. Other manufacturers are way behind Victron that way. Gerard's ambitions do not stop at the fence of the boatyard. He sees what he has built here as the first step in something much larger for his own business and for the island as a whole. I intend to keep moving along because it's been a resounding success. One of our biggest problems coming in here is transport. Because we're living on an island, everything is maybe 30% more expensive. We have two vessels costing about 30,000 euros a year to run - which is an economic thing. We'll put more solar up, more batteries and we want to get that technology into the vessels. We have a perfect position here because the boats are coming to us. Okay? So if we have something that we can show them, the skippers will say, oh yeah, Jesus, that's working! Community of Bear Island is slightly different to the communities on the mainland and they would love to get completely independent. They are looking into getting renewable energy as their main source of energy rather than using the grid. It's not lost on Gerard that what has been built here is something rare. A working demonstration on a working island. That energy independence is achievable and worth it. We're the first generation that can produce electricity or so my thing is cut off the power, have control, invest in, it's just upfront investment. It's one of the best things I've ever done. Bear Island boatyard is a business built on the water shaped by the demands of the sea, and now powered by the sky. What started as a problem with a leaking dock and an overloaded grid has become something far more significant - proof that even on an island energy independence is not just possible, it's the smart play.

  Top Comments:
  1. @lezazou5006 [2 likes]: Smart people :hand-pink-waving:
  2. @josephkaz9093 [1 likes]: Random idea... why not put white gravel under the solar panels to increase the reflection of the sun hitting the underside of the panels?
  3. @carlthor91 [1 likes]: Jono, thanks for this video.
  4. @dickie997 [1 likes]: Great system. Can I ask why the boatyard doesn’t have a wind turbine or two?
  5. @michaeljoncour4903 [1 likes]: That dry dock 7 metres below sea level is a dumb and inefficient idea , the person who designed it obviously wasn't paying the bills.
  6. @Islandwaterjet [1 likes]: I have a 40hp motor on my waterjet and a 5hp compressor running 8hrs per day. Vancouver Island Canada. 
What would my system costs be ? No way this is an economical route for my real world situation.
And no way that system showcased here was only $230K and no way is payback 5 years. 
I call bullshit on this entire load of nonsense.
  7. @PERMA-BATTERIES [1 likes]: I still cannot.get my head around why in 2026, installers are stuck in a 48V platform for such powers (100 kVA). Makes no sense both technically (efficiency, cables sizes, waste of copper and exploding BOM) and thus economically speaking. It brings unnecessary complexity, down the road there will be issues (Victron typically has troubles > 5 years). Plus Fronius AC coupled systems tends to generate harmonics in MG50 mode that are not well filtered by Victron transformer based topologies. No redundancy integrated :  If one single Quattro fails (which is possible given enough time) the whole system goes out. Last, with IP21 ratings, I hope the system is installed in a ventilated and sealed technical room....
  8. @big6pun07 [1 likes]: Is the video available in English
  9. @chrisboxsell4981 [1 likes]: What language is he speaking. It isn't English. I can't understand a word he is saying. It needs forced subtitles
  10. @SuongLan-m3e: This video was amazing, learned a lot.
  11. @Davids6994: Noice
  12. @antoniovelikiy: Очень здорово что люди используют зелёную энергию,я тоже очень радуюсь своей системе, на острове ещё и ветер хороший и места много, можно и ветрогенератор поставить для ночи и зимы.
  13. @MrButuz: Great video love to see massive problems like this being solved I love my victron system.
  14. @LeodolterMarkus: Die deutsche Sprachspur ist eine absolute Katastrophe, da hat die KI versagt.
  15. @RandyZimmerman-pp5wj: If you add a small wind turbine you wouldn't have to buy as many solar panels
  16. @energymonkeyltd: Awesome video yet again JC! I love working with Victron especially solving energy needs for no standard needs! Regards Paul, Energy Monkey Ltd
  17. @connerlabs: 💙🧡
  18. @big6pun07: Foocha pooch 0:21
  19. @NeneExists: 7:50 that's an appalling standard of installation.
  20. @petersamios5409: Fantastic.  Maybe add some reflective coating on the ground under the panels and/or some mirrors.  Maybe also add some wind turbines.  Being on a coast and with a high roof, there should be plenty of

- 750kVA Weichai diesel generator sets: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Hi Rita, I want to buy a diesel generator cell for my own mining project. Do you have any advice? Yes. Uh the generator set are powered by the VA engine is very good and this is the 600 kilowatt diesel generator set is powered by VA engine. 6M33 series and it will be exported to the Africa for the mining project with original sample alternator and high quality black and the base floor is heavy duty time for stable operation high reliability design lifespan of 32,000 hours high economic efficiency in use high flow fuel filter and centric fical long-term oil filter ensuring high filtration accuracy and providing cleaner fuel and oil. Fuel M oil filter replacement circle is up to 500 hours. Reduce uses cost. When the M power fails, ADS auto switch to the low to generator. Generator auto start. Then maze power is normal. ADS auto switch to the low to mass power generator auto stop. Demo power has 20 years production and sales experience. All main parts of our generator set are original which can verify the truth.

- How to install a ProMariner True Power Inverter to run a AC powered items like a TV | My Boat DIY: Kind: captions Language: en here's this week's my boat feature one of the things we like is boaters is a little quiet time out on the water especially at anchor now while you're out there you may want to run some of your AC powered appliances and that means starting a generator or using an inverter so what we're gonna cover this week on my boat is how to install an inverter like this true power combi from Pro Mariner as always task one was to unpack the inverter system and check all of the components the model we installed is a 2000 watt pure sine wave with the clean power required by computers and sensitive electronics on the charger side it delivers up to 200 amps since I was working on top of the boats batteries I covered them with a rubber mat for safety before getting started having selected the forward compartment bulkhead to locate the combi inverter charger clearances had to be measured and confirmed given the 44 pound or 20 kilogram weighted unit the fact that only I could fit into the space two lengths of 2x4 were cut to support the inverter at the correct height once in position the mounting holes were drilled again using the supports to position the inverter stainless steel screws were used to secure it moving on to the electrical side I started by securing the block for the overcurrent fuse that will protect the DC server-side and is required by code the first connection was from the DC input to the fuse block having calculated the load in cable length double zero or double lock cable was selected for connecting to the battery bank I had pre measured and ordered the cables from the local chandlery a second cable was connected to the fuse block then the three hundred amp fuse was inserted behind the washers on the terminals and the nuts tightened next the negative cable was attached to the units negative DC input terminal and secured finally the supplied terminal covers were installed on the negative and positive terminals then the cover for the fuse was snapped into place the owner of this boat would like to be able to have ice which is AC powered and the television operating under way or an anchor without firing the generator so we're gonna hook it up so we can do the icemaker and the television getting started the icemaker was removed and disconnected from its current AC source now this is where we got creative since the circuit for the icemaker was dedicated we decided to use it to power the inverter charger rather than take the salon apart to run an AC line direct to the panel marine grade AC cable was then stripped in marine grade Spade terminals crimped on the common pot and ground wires these were connected to the matching terminals on the receptacle and the receptacle was reassembled the owner of the boat has suggested this location behind this locker door to put the plug and because there's a risk of water we're going to install a GFI receptacle after removing the locker liner the outline of the electrical box and the receptacle were traced for the cutout the receptacle was then inserted and the face plate installed temporarily as always routing the AC input and output cables down below deck to the pro Mariner comm bees location took some time after prepping the cable and components the cover was slid onto the cables then following pro Mariners excellent instructions the put and output AC lines were secured to the correct terminals and the protective cover installed back on deck the output AC lines were connected to the GFI receptacle with ring terminals and the box secured to the receptacle next I removed the control panel from the combi 2000 PS unit and replaced it with the filler plate the supplied remote data cable for the panel is fed down from the locker and plugged into the inverter finally the remote was installed in the surface mount housing and connected to the data line then both the inverter monitor and previously installed Pro Mariner battery monitor were secured to the locker back below I connected the chassis surround to the battery bank then the battery temperature wire was connected last were the positive and negative cables to the battery bank finally the battery type flooded was selected and the pro Mariner was set to go so now is the moment of truth turn on the inverter and see if we can watch some television we have green lights on the inverter that say it's all good and power to the television [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @BigAssBoatOnATrailer [8 likes]: Be careful watching this video, this was a very specific installation for a specific need. 
It ONLY powers a cockpit fridge and an outlet for the Cockpit TV. They did not connect it to the boats AC for inverter OUTput. They re-used the Cockpit refrigerator breaker to supply power IN to the inverter battery charger. This is not a typical inverter marine installation. The earth ground should not be tied into the battery negative terminal. Yes the DC negative should also be tied to the earth ground but doing it here is improper and an  assumption. The inverter earth ground should go directly to the boat main bonding cables.
  2. @cawanne [4 likes]: I read the instructions and it says not to install in an engine bay. But you have, I would like to know if it’s safe or not.
  3. @svcheekysoceanmiles8522 [2 likes]: Hi Mike, I'm in the process of installing an inverter on my boat. The unit's instructions say that if it is not earthed properly it could be fatal!!!!!!...I notice you don't  mention how you earthed the inverter?...can you provide any advice.
  4. @BoatAndTravel [1 likes]: I hope this boat is diesel which I doubt.  This is a very sketchy install!!
  5. @InverterReview-qz9eg: It seems like a solid inverter, which is a feature-rich inverter too....
  6. @daved5738: There are a lot of unusual things about this install video - I think PBTV (If they still exist) should take it down.   It's good that Big Ass Boat On A Trailer made some appropriate observations and comments.

- Should I replace my old DIESEL ENGINE with an ELECTRIC MOTOR ? | Ask The Expert with NIGEL CALDER: Kind: captions Language: en the expensive bit of it is going to be the battery bank if you want any kind of range whatsoever and even then you're not going to get much range hello and welcome to another one of our ASD expert series here at bout 2 I'm Yad we're talking to Nigel Calder today's question is my 45-year-old boat has a 20-year-old diesel engine I'm at the point of deciding whether to rebuild the engine or simply pull it and install an electric motor with a solar and hydrogenerator how would you recommend I think through this decision ooh if you really like sailing that's a great idea um but yeah what's what's your thoughts on this Nigel the expensive bit of it is going to be the battery bank if you want any kind of range whatsoever and even then you're not going to get much range electric propulsion on boats essentially only works if it's for short distances and then you've got someplace where you can plug in recharge and that's because on pretty much all boats when you start to get to cruising speeds the loads are continuously high in a car when you're on the interstate or the motorway when you're at cruising speeds the loads are relatively light unless you're going uphill or there strong headwinds uh and so then we can get extended range out of cars nowadays 300 miles easily but in boats it's totally different when we're at cruising speeds the loads are always high it doesn't matter what kind of a boat it is unless it's foiling and so then we don't get much range and on a car you can like if you decelerate it recharges the battery exactly yes we can't recover that energy in the boat so if you want extended range then you have to put a generator on the boat and years ago I did a ton of expensive investigation funded by the European Union on on the various economics and efficiencies of this and we discovered that in most applications if you've got a generator powering an electric motor in a boat is less efficient than if you took that generator engine and put it on the propeller in the first place and it's very expensive to do that because you've got to have the generator and the batteries and the electric motor and there's lots of single point failures in the system so generally speaking it doesn't pay but for short applications where you basically just want to get off the dock and put the sails up and go sailing and then you come back and and you can plug back in and recharge the batteries electric propul is terrific and then if occasionally you need more range you can put a generator in there but the recog izing that whenever you're using the generator you're probably less efficient than you would have been with a conventional installation so it needs to be for occasional use all right well thanks for your take on that Nigel and if you want to learn more about this we actually have a bunch of information on electric propulsion in our Advanced Marine electric course and about diesel engines we just have launched a course where you can all learn about Duty Cycles and also for generators in case that's a route you want to go down to so check out our course at bart.com and see you soon

  Top Comments:
  1. @intheshell35ify [9 likes]: Generally speaking, an old diesel engine can't kill you when you work on it.
  2. @udothiel8009 [8 likes]: As Nigel says "IT depends on ..."

I changed last year from a 15hp petrol outboard to a 6kW electric outboard (comparable thrust). Even without capability to charge my battery with shore power I never ran out of power after more than 2000nm sailed in coastel waters.
I have 30' trimaran and the hydrogeneration of the outboard while sailing delivered all the power for needed motoring and with 400Wp of solar power it not just gave a backup but also plenty of power for cooking when at ancor.
So for me it has been the right decision but of course it is not for all.
Fair winds and good season 2025!
  3. @CaptnButch [6 likes]: Nigel is right.  While it looks fun and cutting edge, adding complex electric propulsion systems to a boat does not make sense.  The problem is that batteries still don’t have the energy capacity required to reliably power a boat for prolonged use.  And the last thing a private boat owner needs is more complexity with a hybrid system for so little payback.  I respect Delos and the Wynns for trying something new, but for most this added complexity takes away from the whole point which is to practically live and explore on a reasonably priced and maintained boat.
  4. @mostlysailingnz [4 likes]: If BoatHowTo wants to be establish itself as a serious channel, then you should avoid opinionated outdated and simplistic answers / videos on complex subjects. What about hybrid systems, regeneration etc... Sure there are cons with electric propulsion but in this video you just wasted an opportunity to tackle a very interesting subject and be at the forefront of the new thinking and innovation that is appearing all over the world and in all types of boating. Not just recreational but even commercial. IE there are commercial electric ferries and tug boats operating in some countries. Try having an open mind about new innovation and boating which in turn will make your videos worth the viewers time.
  5. @alltheworld2820 [3 likes]: I do a lot of bluewater sailing and own a sailing catamaran. I was thinking about electric motros already 10 years ago (when lagoon did this)  , but in the end I decided to rebiuld my simple yanmar diesel engines.  No electronics on the diesel engines, and it is much more reliable.  Electric is for sunshine weather , but when it is rough out there Diesel is the way to go.  
P.S. I do have a full electric car
  6. @Jim-jh9bd [2 likes]: glad you helped HH and got the Wynns  boat fixed and not stray current. Nice to see an professional who knows what he is doing
  7. @tracyrreed [2 likes]: The local electric boat conversions I'm familiar with don't need to plug in at the dock and do quite well. A thousand watts of solar (barely two panels these days) will go a long way around here. One boat I'm familiar with has a 13kWh battery which will motor at 10hp (7460 watts) for 2 hours. And that's more than necessary for getting on and off the dock. I got a sailboat because I like to sail!
  8. @youtubeuser1052 [1 likes]: I use my diesel for about 20 minutes to get off my mooring and about 20 minutes to get back on. I don't go sailing if the wind's not blowing. I don't think much of "sailors" who drive their boat around like a car.
  9. @modularhippo [1 likes]: Everything said is very true:) Saying that, something extremely attractive in the idea of using Solar and Turbines to charge the battery bank for leaving/entering marinas - Batteries and solar panels are slowly getting better as well:) Currently building a dual motor setup (2 x 10Kwh Motors) for a 36' Sailboat where I am using 2 Honda EU22i as backup charging power if anyone is interested: https://youtu.be/MaReKNz9kZ8
  10. @sensor6101 [1 likes]: I guess I should rip out the electric motor I’ve had in my sailboat for 17 years… little did I know it doesn’t work.
  11. @geezenslaw [1 likes]: While motor-sailing my 40' all electric sloop I calculate 100 hrs... Motoring no sail deployed I get about 12-15hrs... Fair Winds...
  12. @aktxyz [1 likes]: can you all provide a link to that study that Nigel refers to ??
  13. @tonyreynolds2328: With all due respect to Nigel, who is known by many people to be very knowledgeable, I have to say that his answer here in this short video is too simple to be accurate. If you want to drive your boat like a car under engine/motor power the whole time, then yes, electric power is probably not there yet as the amount of battery and electric generation is too great. However, batteries are getting better all the time (see Donut Labs announcement at CES this year) and we are one breakthrough away from batteries that are much better suited to the task. However, even without a new battery breakthrough, if you sail from a marina, and you really want to sail, then electric conversions are a great idea. I bought my sailboat to sail under wind power, and I absolutely hate the noise/vibration/smells of diesel engines. I currently have a catamaran and am designing my system with two electric motors, two banks of batteries, and two chargers/inverters. Either battery bank or charger/inverter can be used to power both motors or charge both battery banks if a failure occurs in one of them. And if you're generally just using your sailboat, as I currently am, sailing from a Marina only when the wind blows, then you'll hardly use any of your battery capacity, like, ever! Only if you're living on your boat, cruising out in the world, will battery capacity ever become an issue if you are, for example, under way in rough weather and you MUST have propulsion for many, many hours at a time. In that scenario, running out of battery could be life threatening. However, in almost every other scenario, its just an inconvenience and if you have redundant systems, like I'm designing, then that situation is mitigated quite a bit. I almost forgot to mention that I do have a powerful generator onboard and can fall back to that in an emergency if I deplete all battery capacity.
  14. @captainmorgan7386: Thank you :goodvibes:
  15. @FlyingMonkey9343: I'm very glad to see this thread just now. I'm considering this very thing on my 50 year old C&C 36. One of the things I'm dealing with is the layout of the aft end hold. I can not access the prop shaft gland nut or rudder qudrant and cables for maintence do to the diesel tank placement. It is solidly in the way and must be removed to work in there. Also the motor has poor access, and is OLD and of unknown condition.  So as long as im going that far might as well kill all the birds with one big expensive stone.
  16. @scottdoran-p6n: I motored from New Caledonia to Opua New Zealand, well most of the way. 1,000nm
Can you imagine the battery size to do that
  17. @AZ26744: As Nigel says "lots of single points of failure in these systems"
  18. @ross82: I’ll be waiting until all coastguard boats are fully electric, and successfully for over 5 years - without them needing to be rescued!
  19. @Seamonkey125: Do you think you’ll get 20 years out of your electric 
Mechanical diesel running on vegetable oil

Why can’t we become content with our present state 

Every system can reach a state of quiescence, if allowed too 

Nature can do it , but mankind seems unable to reach it , due to our own actions 

Will use the tree of knowledge to destroy ourselves 

QUIESCENT,
  20. @MustadMarine: Don't do it...electric drive systems are terrible.

- At Least 17 Dead After Suspected Migrant Vessel Capsizes Near The Bahamas: Kind: captions Language: en >>> WELCOME BACK. AUTHORITIES IN THE BAHAMAS CAELI 70 PEOPLE HAVE DIED AND THREE HOSPITALIZED AFTER A BOAT SUSPECTED OF CARRYING HAITIAN MIGRANTS CAPSIZED SEVEN MILES OFF THE COAST. OFFICIALS BELIEVE IT WAS HEADED TO MIAMI. THE PRIME MINISTER OF THE BAHAMAS HAD THIS TO SAY ABOUT THE INCIDENT. >> IT IS A TRAGEDY AT SEA. INVOLVING SUSPECTED IRREGULAR HAITIAN MIGRANTS. AS A RESULT, A MULTI AGENCY INVESTIGATION IS UNDERWAY TO DETERMINE THE FULL CIRCUMSTANCES SURROUNDING THE SUSPECTED HUMAN SMUGGLING OPERATION WHICH HAS RESULTED IN THE DEATHS OF THESE IRREGULAR >>> KERRY SANDERS HAS MORE ON THE STORY FOR US. WALK US OR WHAT WE KNOW ABOUT THE INCIDENT AND THE ONGOING RESCUE MISSION. ARE THE PEOPLE WHO ARE STILL BELIEVED TO BE MISSING? >> Reporter: INDEED THERE ARE. THEY HAVE PATROLS IN THE WATER WORKING IN COORDINATION WITH THE BAHAMIAN COAST GUARD SEARCHING FOR POTENTIALLY MORE VICTIMS. IS EACH MINUTE GOES BY, THE LIKELIHOOD OF FINDING ANYONE ALIVE DIMMS. THE REAL CONCERN HERE IS THAT NOT ONLY WAS THE BOAT INTENTIONALLY INVOLVED IN A HUMAN SMUGGLING OPERATION, BUT THAT IT WAS SO OVERLOADED WITH PEOPLE. IT WAS A 30 FOOT BOAT WITH TWO ENGINES WHEN IT CAPSIZED. WHEN THE COAST GUARD FINALLY ARRIVED, SOME OF THOSE FROM THE BAHAMIAN COAST GUARD HEARD WHAT THEY THOUGHT WAS TAPPING UNDERNEATH THE BOAT AND UNDER THERE, THEY FOUND AT LEAST ONE WOMAN WHO WAS IN AN AIR POCKET BUT MOST OF THOSE WHO DIED WERE UNDER THE BOAT AND UNABLE TO SWIM AND GET OUT TO SAFETY. WE KNOW AT THIS POINT THAT WHEN YOU LOOK AT THE NUMBERS, IT IS SO SAD BECAUSE THE NUMBER OF 17 WHO DIED, 15 WOMEN AND ONE MAN AND A CHILD ESTIMATED BETWEEN 4 TO 5 YEARS OLD. THERE WERE 20 TAKEN AND WHO ARE NOW IN CUSTODY AND AN ADDITIONAL THREE WHO WERE ON BOARD THE BOAT SUFFERED WHAT THEY CALL NEAR DROWNING SYMPTOMS WHICH MEANS THEY ARE AT THE HOSPITAL. THE LUNGS HAD FILLED WITH WATER AND THEY WERE ABLE TO GET THEM TO SAFETY TO SOME SORT OF MEDICAL CONCERN. ULTIMATELY, WE HAVE THE TWO PEOPLE WHO WE SUSPECT WERE THE SMUGGLERS. THE AUTHORITIES SAY THEY ARE OF BAHAMIAN NATIONALITY AND MAY HAVE BEEN CHARGING ANYWHERE FROM $3000 STATE THOUSAND DOLLARS PER PERSON TO SMUGGLE WHAT IS BELIEVED TO BE HAITIANS INTO THE UNITED STATES. >> DID YOU SAY A 30 FOOT BOAT WITH THAT MANY PEOPLE ON A? >> IT IS JUST SO TINY. IF YOU LOOK AT WHAT HAPPENED JUST RECENTLY, JUST LAST WEEK, WE HAD A VESSEL THAT LOOKED LIKE IT HAD COME DIRECTLY FROM HAITI. IT WAS A LITTLE BIT LARGER, BUT IT HAD 150 PEOPLE ON BOARD WHICH REFLECTS THE DESPERATION OF WHAT IS GOING ON IN HAITI RIGHT NOW. >> IS ANYTHING BEING DONE TO TRY TO STOP PEOPLE FROM TRYING TO COME TO THIS COUNTRY? TO MAKE CONDITIONS BETTER INSIDE HAITI? >> Reporter: HAITI HAS A REPUTATION OF BEING THE POOREST COUNTRY IN THE WESTERN HEMISPHERE. THE BAHAMIAN PRIME MINISTER CALLS IT A FAILED STATE. THE GOVERNMENT HAS COLLAPSE THERE. IT IS GANGS THAT HAVE ESSENTIALLY BEEN CONTROLLING MUCH OF HAITI AND AGAIN, VIOLENCE IS MERCILESS AND AT TIMES, PEOPLE SAY, I HAVE ONE CHOICE. I STAY HERE AND DIE OR I MAKE THE REAL CHOICE, WHICH IS TO LEAVE AND I MAY DIE, BUT AT LEAST I'M DOING SOMETHING FOR ME AND MY FAMILY. RIGHT NOW, WHETHER THE UNITED STATES OR CARIBBEAN NATION THROUGH THE ORGANIZATION OF CARIBBEAN NATIONS CAN SOLVE IT, THEY CONTINUED TO SAY THAT THE GOAL IS TO LET HAITI DETERMINE ITS OWN FUTURE, RATHER THAN HAVE ONE IMPOSED UPON IT BY OTHER NATIONS, BUT THAT POLICY

  Top Comments:
  1. @sundarplundar2590 [2 likes]: SEND THEM BACK!!! WHO IS SUPPOSE TO PAY FOR ALL THESE PEOPLE? FL HAS ENOUGH ISSUES! WE HAVE NO ROOM FOR THE PEOPLE WHO WORK AND PAY TAXES BUT WE GOT MONEY FOR ILLEGALS??? SO WE HAVE MONEY FOR CRIMINALS BUT MY KIDS HAVE TO PUNISH SO YOU CAN HELP CRIMINALS?? THEY CAME ILLEGALLY SEND THEM BACK OR DONT GET MAD WHEN I START BREAKING THE LAW TOO!
  2. @cartierbrown9143 [2 likes]: Pretty much the black mexico
  3. @JaySpiral451 [1 likes]: Here from the bahamas 🇧🇸
  4. @jejelaurent9495 [1 likes]: France come get Haiti back please?
  5. @alecgurney9305 [1 likes]: Protect borders.
  6. @theblackhouse2698 [1 likes]: Haitian culture is fleeing. They have no work ethics at all.
  7. @alysononoahu [1 likes]: 🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏
  8. @donm3844 [1 likes]: Another Crisis created by the Biden administration who could care less about illegals
  9. @IsntThatConcerningg: 😂😂😂😂
  10. @philipbenjamin1371: Life for the smugelers the Bahamas or death penilty
  11. @jasminevill2208: My question why they sending money for they government Haitians why why why they didn’t nothing with the money they jus care about the power palais president beautiful car to running and paying they gangsters finish with my country
  12. @jasminevill2208: Look at lot peoples coming to USA we’re can seing that’s they government Haitians they doesn’t care for these populations every day they risked you’re life with they kids and the boats woooowww and the boats
  13. @jasminevill2208: Ariel Henry doesn’t care Haitians peoples we’re need to stayed strong to build you’re country fixed it you’re self control you’re self stop risked your life for nothing amen 🙏
  14. @jasminevill2208: Stop supporting Ariel Henry they doesn’t support elderly kids hospital school these peoples very made about it this situations that’s they reason they risked you re life with the kids took the boats it’s not make it since
  15. @jasminevill2208: Please Americans peoples we’re need to talked to the government 🇺🇸 the reason Haitians risks you’re life to come USA they said USA support Ariel Henry he’s doesn’t helping peoples erderly stop sending money for gangster political Haiti it’s too much for these peoples
  16. @kendyeloissaint2314: LOVE & SHALOM
  17. @ronniesherrod2362: That’s Biden’s death s
  18. @AnimeGIFfy: Canon city

Good place to go if u have committed a crime
  19. @anitakristensen4679: Sharks are swimming in the wrong waters.
  20. @bernialabbe6881: Oh God poor Haïti. .

- Death toll rises in Bahamas amid Dorian destruction | ABC News: Kind: captions Language: en we're seeing new images of Dorian's devastation across the Bahamas as the death toll climbs at least 20 people there killed by the storm now rescue crews are trying to evacuate and find survivors still trapped by the floodwaters Marcus more than Nassau with the latest good morning Marcus a Michael good morning the minister of national security told us overnight that they will be wrapping up their search-and-rescue efforts today as more resources have arrived and they're also able to reach areas that have been cut off this morning an urgent rescue and relief efforts underway with so much devastation so many displaced tasks is overwhelming the death toll from Dorian now at 20 but officials expect that number to climb and people return to some degree of normalcy a race against time to get people much-needed food water and medical attention the important things to do good triage so we have to sort the patients to take the sickest ones out first the US Coast Guard helping to rescue and evacuate survivors at least 200 people here have been reported missing and thousands more displaced the devastation is unimaginable so many people in our home as as a result of it in the midst of so much uncertainty and heartache here an emotional reunion with family members separated on Abaco island when the storm hit this tearful scene of a young boy from Abaco reunited with his family has now been four days since the category 5 hurricane made its direct hit on the island nation with one hundred eighty five mile-per-hour winds the storm surges up to twenty feet or the third-floor new drone footage capturing the magnitude of the catastrophe widespread devastation as far as the eye can see planes and a boat pushed onto the roadway where homes once stood now appearing as a wasteland and we are told that there is work underway to find shelter for the hundreds of people we saw inside the medical clinic in Marsh Harbor they have nowhere to go and they represent the growing humanitarian crisis on the Abaco Islands George what a crisis it is okay Marcus thing hi everyone George Stephanopoulos here thanks for checking out the ABC News youtube channel if you'd like to get more videos show highlights and watch live event coverage click on the right over here to subscribe to our Channel and don't forget to download the ABC News app for breaking news alerts thanks for watching

  Top Comments:
  1. @kennethkustren9381 [2 likes]: AIRCRETE.
ROCKET MASS HEATERS.
12V ELECTROLYSIS FOR PURIFIED WATER.
PRAYING THATS GODS BLESSINGS ARE NOT FORSAKEN.
PLUNDERERS BEWARE.
KEEP THE 10&7.
  2. @richardgaul4906: Maybe the cell phone companies can make a speed app for supplies medical terminology for the doctors in the devastated area with upgraded cell phones with diagnostic speed app with verbal orders to a pharmacist to whoever they need assistance from Speed apps are called point a accelerated learning what is needed now from what I've learned maybe a rocket scientist can come up with Speed apps at Point a time consuming verbal orders might be helped we Speed apps from you rocket scientists from Google YouTube with verbal cell phone Communications on the doctors ear devices at 90 degrees the doctor could use a cell phone at Point a of the disaster where the victim is we Speed apps two pharmacists or whatever relief is being helped for this doctor that is a point a judgment it sickens my right ventricle my left ventricle what a heartbreaking situation for doctors that have to perform miracles against Mother Nature see what my speed app does it doesn't know how to spell anonymous provisions
  3. @KMims747: The Queen should send ships to help them. If they come to the Us live them to California or New York.
  4. @donnastewart2660: That was some powerful  hurricane.
  5. @LegaliseIntellect: THEVENUSPROJECT.COM so these tragedies don't occur anymore!!!
  6. @iamthatiam6572: REPENT THE KINGDOM OF HEAVEN IS AT HAND! REPENT THE LORD GOD KING MESSIAH JESUS CHRIST IS AT HAND! REPENT THE END IS NEAR! If he die in yourself sins ye will go to HELL after HELL ye will be CASTED alive into THE LAKE OF FIRE TO live and BURN IN GREAT TORMENT AND FIRE BURNING AND SCREAMING FOR EVER AND EVER AS LONG AS THE ETERNAL ONE GOD ALMIGHTY KING JESUS  CHRIST THE GREAT I AM THAT I AM SHALL LIVE HE GOD IS THE ETERNAL  ONE! R E P E N T!
  7. @andyt4756: I wonder if they had underground shelter ??
  8. @heribertomunoz3810: God help this people .for the survivors give them strength and for. Deceased let them rest in peace... We have to help them any way we can. If they need volunteers we shouldnt hesitate. To lend a hand its so unfortunate for. So many people to. Suffer.  Due to mother natures ways.   But remeber my people (im personally from Los angeles )  but you never know when we. Are the ones that get hit next.  God forbid... Stay strong. Keep your heads up dont give up. After a rainy day the sun always shines again.    Dont worry bout material things.familys first.my prayers go to all thoae familys suffering.  And. Thanks to our fellow service. And. First responders for helping them out over there .here to help
  9. @조금진-l1w: 날 섬기지 않는나라와 민족은 망한다 나는 전했다 ㅡ
  10. @Heir_2TheThrone: The death toll is hundreds of bodies!! Lies your wicked media tells!!! You tell lies. There’s bodies all in the streets and floating around amongst the debris. Hear from the people! The media knows the toll is hundreds and hundreds of people dead.
  11. @drvonnostrum2671: Thoughts and prayers to Alabama
  12. @bidenisgod6978: It’s going to happen over and over with climate change. No bullshit
  13. @honeymonroe5794: Hate how this is being watered down for the media. There are bodies everywhere
  14. @12inch_monster: can we hurry up and colonize mars.  i'm done with earth.
  15. @syndi301: When your surrounded by all that water it's bound to happen sorry for the incident it can happen anywhere because we have so much water around us people think the beaches are so beautiful this and that but it will swallow us up with in a blink rest in heaven to the one's who lost their lives I'm sure it's more prayers are with you!
  16. @TheChrist559: & the bills won’t stop
  17. @kattmilk: Interesting fact:
The origin of the name Dorian is from the Greek word "Dorios", which means "child of the sea". 🐙 🐚🦀🐋🐬🦈🌊

I think it's time for this "Sea kid" to go back home!! 😣
  18. @sivadn: Last count I heard is 23 people dead
  19. @daughterofkingjesus7350: There was a father who tried to save his 5 year old son.  But says the son was swept away by a current or the wind. Was the son found alive?
  20. @tinabrown169: RIP

- 17 Dead After Suspected Migrant Vessel Capsizes Off Bahamas: Kind: captions Language: en AGAIN FOR THE AFTERNOON. THE WHOLE REST OF THE WEEK AND INTO THE WEEKEND COMING UP NEXT# >>> A TRAGEDY AT SEA, A BOAT FILLED WITH MIGRANTS START SUNDAY MORNING OFF THE COAST OF THE BAHAMAS. AT LEAST 17 PEOPLE ARE DEAD AND THE BABY IS AMONG THE VICTIMS. A CLOSER LOOK AT THE CURRENT MIGRANT INFLUX WE'VE BEEN SEEING. >> Reporter: IMAGES OUT OF THE BAHAMAS SHOW A TRAGEDY AT SEA. AHEAD AUTHORITIES ESTIMATE UP TO 60 HAITIANS TRYING @#TO MAKE THE DANGEROUS JOURNEY TO MIAMI, BUT THE BOAT CAPSIZED THEY ENCOUNTER ROUGH SEAS. >> A MULTI AGENCY INVESTIGATION IS UNDERWAY TO DETERMINE THE FULL CIRCUMSTANCES SURROUNDING A SUSPECTED HUMAN SMUGGLING OPERATION, WHICH HAS RESULTED IN THE DEATHS OF THESE@# HAITIA MIGRANTS. >> 17 PEOPLE DIED INCLUDING A TODDLER, 15 WOMEN AND ONE MAN. 25 PEOPLE WERE RESCUED. >> THEY ARE EXTREMELY DESPERATE TO LEAVE. THEY ARE WILLING TO DIE FOR AN OPPORTUNITY. @# >> Reporter: THIS IMMIGRATION ATTORNEY SAYS OVER THE LAST YEAR SHE HAS SEEN AN INFLUX OF CALLS FROM HAITIANS TRYING TO GET THEIR LOVED ONES TO SOUTH FLORIDA. >> THERE IS CURRENTLY KIDNAPPING, MASS KILLINGS AND COMPLETELY OUT OF CONTROL IN THE CAPITAL OF HAITI. HAITIANS ARE DYING OF HUNGER. THERE ARE NO JOBS,@# NO SENSE O SECURITY. >> Reporter: THREE DAYS AGO THE COAST GUARD INTERCEPTED A BOAT AND THEY ESTIMATE UP TO 200 MIGRANTS WERE ON BOARD. MANY ARE BELIEVED TO BE HAITIANS . >> THE CURRENT IMMIGRATION SYSTEM IS BROKEN, WHICH MEANS HAITIANS THAT ARE TRYING TO COME LEGALLY ARE NOT ABLE TO DO SO.@# FOR EXAMPLE, I HAVE CLIENTS WHO QUALIFY FOR A GREEN CARD, BUT THEY HAVE NOT BEEN ABLE TO GET AN APPOINTMENT FOR ALMOST 2 YEARS. >> Reporter: THIS ATTORNEY TELLS ME THE INTERNATIONAL COMMITTEE NEEDS TO START CRACKING DOWN ON THESE SMUGGLERS. SHE @#SAYS THEY ARE TAKING ADVANTAGE OF MANY OF THESE SHE SAYS MANY ARE CHARGING UP TO $8000 TO HAVE TO MAKE THIS

  Top Comments:
  1. @Nuffsaid876: Tell them come in from Mexico. Unless they are racist against black migrants

- The $790M Lawsuit Against a Widow & Bayesian Yacht Owner- Deep Analysis 😲: Kind: captions Language: en Imagine suing a grieving widow for nearly $1 billion because your unsinkable yacht sank in 16 minutes. That is exactly what is happening right now. The Italian Sea Group has filed a $790 million lawsuit against the family of Mike Lynch, claiming the Basian crew made unspeakable errors that ruined the manufacturer's reputation. They say the data proves the crew was negligent. But we have analyzed the tracking data they are using and it contains a fatal technical flaw. A missing data point that could prove their entire open door theory is a lie. While lawyers fight over millions in court, we are also tracking a completely different scandal in the Bahamas where a million-doll yacht has been left to rot on a reef abandoned by everyone. Today we are exposing the legal bullying, the data errors, and the ugly truth about accountability in the super yacht world. Chapter 1, the $790 million claim. $790 million. That is the staggering price tag the Italian Sea Group has placed on its own reputation. And they are coming to collect it from a widow and a crew that barely survived a nightmare. In a move that legal experts and maritime insiders are calling cynical, desperate, and potentially calculated. The manufacturer of the Basian superyacht has filed a massive lawsuit claiming that the vessel was unsinkable and that its loss was entirely due to crew negligence. They are alleging unspeakable errors, demanding compensation for a slump in their stock price, and effectively blaming the victims for ruining the brand's image. But when you strip away the corporate press releases and look at the raw data, the timeline, and the technical realities of the ship itself, their story begins to fall apart. The narrative that the crew left a door open is crumbling under scrutiny, and the left turn that supposedly doomed the ship might be nothing more than a data ghost. We are going deep into the filings, the flawed AIS data, and the update on that abandoned yacht in the Exumas that everyone seems to have forgotten. The Italian Sea Group, specifically their subsidiary, Pirini Na'vi, has launched a legal offensive that is almost unprecedented in the luxury yaching world. They are suing the company that owned the Basian, Revto Limited, which is controlled by Angela Bakarz, the widow of Mike Lynch. Lynch, his daughter, and several others perished in this tragedy. Yet, the lawsuit contends that the manufacturer has suffered ruinous loss of profit and reputational damage to the tune of nearly $1 billion. This aggressive stance isn't entirely new. Remember, Giovani Constantino, the CEO of the Italian Sea Group, was on television blaming the crew and the captain almost immediately after the sinking. While the search and rescue teams were still diving to recover bodies, the narrative was already being spun that this was human error, not a failure of engineering. Now that PR spin has turned into a formal legal filing. The lawsuit alleges that the crew was incompetent. They claimed the crew failed to close hatches, ignored weather warnings, and didn't lower the keel, which they argue would have saved the ship. They are pointing to a specific sequence of events, claiming the ship took on water because a shell door on the port side was left open, causing a catastrophic flood as the vessel healed over. It sounds plausible on paper until you look at the evidence that contradicts it. Chapter 2. The AI's data flaw. The cornerstone of the manufacturer's argument is the automated identification system or AIS data. They claim this tracking data proves the basian made a sharp turn to port to the left during the storm. Why does this matter? Because if the ship turned left into the wind, it would heal to the right. If it healed to the right, the port side, the left side, would be lifted out of the water. If the port side is out of the water, then an open door on that side wouldn't let water in. To make their open door theory work, they need the ship to heal to the left, submerging that port side door. So, they are arguing the ship actually turned right, exposing the port side to the waves. But the AIS data, according to them, shows a left turn. It gets confusing, but here is the critical flaw in their entire technical argument. The AIS data they are relying on is likely invalid for determining the ship's heading. We have analyzed the raw tracking information, and what is missing is the gyro data. Without a gyroscope feeding heading information to the transponder, AIS only records course over ground. This is a vector, not a heading. It tells you which direction the object is moving across the face of the earth, not which way the bow is pointing. In a violent storm with hurricane force winds, a super yacht with a massive mass acts like a sail. Even with the canvas furled, the wind pushes the boat sideways. If the basian was being pushed sideways by 60 knot winds, the AIS would show movement in that direction. If the boat was actually facing into the wind, as the crew testified they were trying to do, but was being blown backward and sideways, the track on a screen might look like a turn, but the boat wasn't turning. The boat was sliding. This distinction is everything. If the boat was sliding and healing to starboard, as the physics of a downburst would suggest, then the port side was high and dry. If the port side was up in the air, then it doesn't matter if that shell door was open or closed. It wouldn't have been the primary source of water ingress. And let's not forget, when the divers finally reached the hull, reports indicated that the shell door in question was found closed. Chapter 3, the centerboard myth. This brings us to the second major point of contention, the retractable keel. The lawsuit and armchair experts alike have hammered the crew for not having the keel fully lowered. The argument is simple. A lower keel means a lower center of gravity, which means more stability. Therefore, if the keel was up, the crew was negligent. But this ignores the operating manual of the basian itself. The documentation for this specific vessel states that the keel should be raised when the ship is under engine power or when it is navigating in shallow waters. It is designed to be a performance sailing feature specifically to improve upwind performance under sail. It is not a storm survival switch that you just flip in an emergency. Lowering a keel of that size is not instant. It is a massive hydraulic operation that takes time. Time the crew did not have. When a downburst hits, the priority is not tweaking the underwater appendages. It is gaining steerage. The crew testified that their primary focus was getting the engines running and the generators online so they could turn the bow into the wind. This is standard seammanship. If you can point the bow into the waves, you survive. If you are caught broadside, you capsize. They were fighting for control of the ship's orientation, which relies on propulsion. The keel position was likely a secondary concern and according to the ship's own protocols for being under engine, it was in the correct position. The idea that a crew fighting for their lives in a sudden violent squall forgot to press a button is a gross oversimplification of maritime crisis management. Furthermore, we have to look at the timing of this lawsuit. It was filed just as the Italian prosecutors were beginning their own intricate investigation. By filing a civil suit now, the Italian sea group is effectively trying to preempt the criminal investigation. They are putting their version of facts on the record before the official accident report is even released. It forces the defense, the widow, and the surviving crew to fight a massive expensive legal battle on two fronts. They have to defend themselves against potential manslaughter charges from the state and simultaneously defend against a nearly billion dollar bankruptcy inducing claim from the manufacturer. Sources close to the Lynch family have described this as an attempt to bully the victims into silence or settlement. If the manufacturer can successfully paint the crew as villains in the court of public opinion, it shields their brand. Super yachts are sold on the promise of invincibility and luxury. Admitting that a vessel could sink due to a design flaw, a stability issue, or a failure of the down flooding angles would be catastrophic for future sales. It is far cheaper to spend a few million on lawyers blaming the captain than to admit your unsinkable ship had a vulnerability. Chapter 4. Abandoned yacht update. While the lawyers battle over hundreds of millions in Italy, there is another maritime disaster unfolding in the Caribbean that highlights a different side of the industry. Total abandonment. We have been tracking the situation with the yacht known as motor yacht Doubleshot. This vessel ran ground in the Exumas, a pristine chain of islands in the Bahamas. For weeks, it has been sitting on the rocks, battering against the reef, and slowly disintegrating. Recent drone footage shows the extent of the damage. The hull is breached. Diesel fuel is leaking into the water. Pieces of the interior are washing up on the nearby beaches. And where is the owner? Gone. Silence. This is the dark side of the yaching world that rarely makes the glossy brochures. When a boat becomes a total loss, especially in international or foreign waters, the logistics of salvage are a nightmare. It is often cheaper for an owner to walk away, claim the insurance, and let the local government deal with the mess. But the government of the Bahamas doesn't have the unlimited resources to salvage every pleasure craft that tourists crash onto their reefs. So, the boat sits there. It becomes an environmental hazard, killing coral and polluting the water. Under maritime law, this vessel is effectively abandoned. Technically, if you have the means and the barge to drag it off the rocks, it is yours. But the cost of the salvage would likely exceed the value of the scrap. It is a stalemate where the environment is the loser. Chapter 5. Accountability crisis. The juxtaposition between these two stories is jarring. In Italy, you have a manufacturer fighting tooth and nail over a ship that is already at the bottom of the ocean, suing a widow for millions to protect their stock price. In the Bahamas, you have a million-dollar asset rotting on a reef because nobody wants to spend a dime to clean it up. Both situations reveal a lack of accountability. In one case, it is corporate accountability being deflected onto the crew. In the other, it is personal accountability being abandoned along with the ship. We are going to keep tracking the Basian filings, but this isn't the only legal battle tearing the industry apart right now. If you think this $790 million claim is messy, you need to see the truth about the Nautiles versus Bearing Yachts lawsuit. We have a full breakdown of that case and how it exposed the dark side of yacht marketing. It is all in our Super Yacht Files playlist. Click the box on your screen right now to watch the Nautiles investigation next. I'll see you in

  Top Comments:
  1. @YachtVerse [1 likes]: The $790M lawsuit isn't the only legal battle exposing the industry.
If you think this is messy, you need to see the truth about the Nautistyles vs. Bering case.👇
Watch the full breakdown here: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLFyDT8L9MyPils9YGQUIIhA1q6gf7Z4GB
  2. @nelsonlariccia [1 likes]: However we do not know how much more who could have done  something like this
  3. @-BUFFALOMan [1 likes]: a few years back while goofing off diving, we found a huge chrome anchor off bimini, we lifted it out with our tender's crane and were blown away when we found several more boat parts too, including two huge propellers one damaged, engines, shafts all kinds of crap mostly metal, but no hull or superstructure. All in 85' of water. We hoisted up the good stuff onto our own 80 ton family boat, and figured this salvage debri was from a sunken superyacht. We reported it all but nobody knew a thing about it, nothing. I've got all this stuff in a warehouse collecting dust. its a conversation piece. what happened to the boat and the people? the anchor is mint condition, like new and heavily polished. go figure
  4. @-BUFFALOMan [1 likes]: I sense there's more to this story. and the boat now is stripped clean of everything from the portholes to the blown electronics, and everything else including dignity and seaworthiness, and any possible future lol. this boat's story ended some time ago.
  5. @Nicbills-mz3tx [1 likes]: Shame on italian group
  6. @MrJoe81: its simple, the ship leaned to the right, the shutters doors for the engine room were open. which let water in at a high flow rate

- At least 17 migrants dead after boat capsized in Bahamas: Kind: captions Language: en an alleged human smuggling speedboat carrying haitian migrants capsized off the bahamas coast early sunday about 60 people were on the boat when it capsized and their final destination was believed to be miami search crews recovered the bodies of at least 17 people and rescued 25 others a multi-agency investigation is underway to determine the full circumstances surrounding a suspected human smuggling operation which has resulted in the deaths of these irregular haitian migrants two people suspected of being human smugglers were taken into custody according to bohemian police the cause of the accident remains under investigation as the search continues for others still unaccounted for [Music] hi everyone george stephanopoulos here thanks for checking out the abc news youtube channel if you'd like to get more videos show highlights and watch live event coverage click on the right over here to subscribe to our channel and don't forget to download the abc news app for breaking news alerts thanks for watching

  Top Comments:
  1. @NewAb22 [9 likes]: Haitians deserves better than this, they need to unite and take their country back from the corrupt politicians so they won't be forced to risk their lives like this from lack of opportunities in their home country.
  2. @kathybellamy5949 [8 likes]: This makes no sense for people to lose their lives because of greed😔. Prayers 🙏🏾 for the souls that were lost 😥. The 🌍 world needs to be a better place. Love 💖 life not money 💰
  3. @besmartvoteblue2702 [8 likes]: People, please don't come here!  Stay home and fix your own government!
  4. @lisayuan8036 [7 likes]: Investing in crypto now should be in every wise individuals list, in some month up sees time you'll be ecstatic with the decision you made today.
  5. @glenwad6322 [4 likes]: We can’t keep rescuing migrant boats and risk our own people because others are irresponsible and selfish
  6. @MarkyMark2177 [2 likes]: SHARK PARTY ! 🦈 😃
  7. @nizm0r762 [2 likes]: We're gonna need a bigger boat
  8. @sessions9869 [2 likes]: Play stupid games win stupid prizes
  9. @treasuresnpain3567 [1 likes]: Lolol
  10. @caudraypratt3161 [1 likes]: The penalty for human smuggling should be 100 years in prison.
  11. @tonysmith2045 [1 likes]: Let's go Brandon
  12. @robtarqs4647 [1 likes]: Poor blacks :(
  13. @houghtonstreet3392 [1 likes]: hahaha...
  14. @balargus319: Press f to pay respects
  15. @Jomonoupapjanmbliyew: Majorite se haitien,paske tt resources haiti pa byen separe entre haitien en plus gen zot ki bezwen defilfare nou pou couleur nou. Silent genocide 🤔
  16. @nicholaiginovaef4861: "amateurs"- cubans
  17. @esoteric_2: Thx biden
  18. @Lawlzinator: More blood on the hands of Democrat voters

They wanted to enable open borders and illegal immigration, so this is on them
  19. @socialdistancejusticewarri8533: Why isn't Disney offering to take in "migrants". Surly they have enough room.
  20. @esoteric3242: Who the fk cares. Blame Trump or Putin as you always do. Fake news.

- BLACK OUT AND EMERGENCY GENERATOR, THINGS YOU NEED TO DO: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hello guys so welcome back to my youtube channel and for today we will be talking about the things that you need to do in case we have a blackout in the vessel so come and join me in this new learning so this is our emergency generator it's a small generator which has around 480 kilowatts of capacity but this is enough to supply all the essential loads to keep navigational equipment and some essential loads which for the safety of the vessel is enough to restore the main power so what are the things you need to do in case we have a blackout on board so first on my list is that you need to stay calm i have already experienced to have a blackout on board for around seven times already maybe but it would always be a different case if it is your first time so of course that's why i put this on my list to stay calm because the vessel is equipped with a good system that will run automatically so all you have to do is to stay calm then think about the next step which is to wait so we have an emergency generator emergency generator which is supposed to be taking over for not more than 45 seconds that is the rule so you just need to wait for 45 seconds and this emergency generator will run automatically and of course if it failed to run automatically within 45 seconds then it will be a different scenario and i am going to share you on how and what to do in case this one fails but for sure if you are checking it weekly you are doing the maintenance and all the pms jobs in this one then you don't have to worry for sure this system will run automatically there are some things which is not part of our job but that is part of all the engineers closing the steam for the non-essential loads for the fuel which needs to be shot so that we can still have enough steam for the main engine that is part of the engineer's job after this one take over and then you have to check what had caused the blackout just check your alarm and monitoring system and then you will find there the last alarm which actually triggered to have a blockout and then from there you can start troubleshooting the main point here is to run the main power from your main switchboard supplying by your main generator so this is our switchboard everything that you will find here are essential loads loads for your navigational equipment backup supply voltage for your chargers this is supply 24 volts we are propulsion system steering gear for emergency steering for the steering gears for the elevator case of blackout and someone is inside then this one take over and then you can still use the elevator to rescue the guy fire alarm system is also here supply for your e85 box which is the wax artiflex fcms for the main engine so this system is still enough for every essential load we have different ways on how to start the emergency generator just like what i have said in case it fails to run within 45 seconds we can still start it using the battery so to run it using the battery we just need to put this switch to manual and then check this switch if it is on battery or in a hydraulic and then turn this lever to start the emergency generator put it into my manual so worst case scenario if it didn't start automatically and by battery then you can still start the system using hydraulic system so all you need to do is to put this lever on manual and then check this switch again if it is in hydraulic and then check the pressure on the line if it is 120 bar the working pressure of this one is and then you just need to step onto this handle and then it will start by hydraulic so now let's put the emergency generator on load using this lever switch which will just turn it on the test mode and it will do the unload test we cannot do the unload test while the main engine is running or we are in the coastal as some of the essential loads might be running and it might stop or shut down the main engine or even worse our navigational system so just keep a note onto that one so now let's do the unload test so just like what i have said the main goal here is that once you have a blackout is to find the cost of the blackout and then restore the power on your main switchboard sometimes there is a trouble wherein your emergency generator is running but it's still not supplying the emergency switchboard so all you have to do is to check the circuit breaker from your emergency generator going to your emergency switchboard if it is closed because this breaker has an interlock with your pass tie to your main switchboard because sometimes if your emergency generator is supplying your emergency switchboard then that bus tie should always be open or vice versa all you need to do is to stay calm wait for the system to run your emergency generator should run not more than 45 seconds and then check your alarm and monitoring system if what had caused the alarm if it is safe now to restore the power on your main generators after restoring the power all you have to do is that we need to stop the emergency generator and put the emergency switchboard to your main switchboard and then put everything in automatic operation so that this system will be ready in of emergency again so i hope you learned something from this video and please do not forget to subscribe share and comment on the things that you want to learn from the vessel which i will try to make another video on it so thank you very much and see you on my next video you

  Top Comments:
  1. @MyleneSanchez24 [2 likes]: leckyjake salamat sa contribution mo saaming mga seafarers
  2. @boyjuaquin5067: One of the most underrated ETO. thanks a lot IDOL
  3. @vijithasuranga139: 🎉
  4. @ITZ-Walker-7: hi sir i am a CADET ETO ... after watching your videos i am getting more confidence and can please the video about what are duties and inspections done bye the etos on saturday Routines
  5. @KasenRenave: Thanks I learned something new🙏
  6. @jeromebancale-u6r: Please help generator failed to stop using smartgen controller the stop button  but it will stop only when turning the governor knob in right direction
  7. @bobbygriffith9890: Stay Calm.   Excellent first piece of advice!
  8. @MikeMike-q5f: Thanks you so much.
  9. @gassanali8667: I learnt that this generous man has passed away.
  10. @savochkadanya: Many thanks from Ukraine
  11. @AldrintheSlash: RIP sir leckyjake.
  12. @Godwin-f2x: How to synchronise the emergency generator to the main switch board
  13. @MaxKharevsky: Very good
  14. @ChandanaPriyantha-pq3uv: The lesson is important,mechanical,eletro and controlling with generator.I interest the video sir
  15. @sudhakarcvcv1776: Well explained about black out.... thank you..
  16. @BrettCraft: Great video. I guess if the normal power is intermittent then one might get into trouble if the emergency power is shut off too soon.  Then you would have to wait another 45 seconds for power.
  17. @hopeforthefuture8224: There goes our money, All these friggin theives will be overbidding every part of rebuilding bridge with promises to give big donations back to who gives them the overpriced job, such corruption today.
  18. @hopeforthefuture8224: If it had a backup generator, which by rule should come on automatically within 45 seconds, then why didn't they use the rudder to straighten the ship. 0:00 6 to 7 mile ph maybe lower as they had just dropped anchor. It would slow them down,   generator should have been on by then so they could correct course.  Or was it not working,  Two engines not working is highly suspicious, Could be sabotage.  Who wanted that bridge torn down, who could profit if a bridge needs rebuilding,  Gotta ask with so many greedy people in the world, middle of the night, no one on bridge but a few inconsequential workers  and police at both ends to stop traffic because of a few workers fixing potholes  in many peoples view in elite world workers are inconsequential, how convenient.
  19. @michaelpizza942: Great video , I’m sure this will be taken down soon , because of the Balitmore incident. Wouldn’t want people to know the truth . I always thought they had back up systems on these ships .
  20. @humanbeing4097: Very helpful please keep it up.

- Got a locked up generator that won't run?  No problem.  Sea Foam + elbow grease win!: Kind: captions Language: en not actually a generic generator given to us this one's frozen up what pull uncle handy yes he's all jammed up they said it's been sitting in the shed for uh for i don't know years and you see if we can get this thing uh running on some seafoam i'm what they call a tough guy and i can't pull it a little trick get this thing unjammed little nasty fuel out of there nasty gas when they sit a long time uh basically the pistons get frozen so spark look out and we're gonna shoot some deep creep in a good idea to do on anything you haven't started in a long time different times it's necessary still draining fuel half a can for a few gallons of gas and uh see if you can't break down any of that gunk that's been sitting in that carburetor forever are you thirsty little buddy oh mouse hotel are you ready for the reveal excalibur okay you ready yeah we're ready oh now we're gonna take the spark plug back in see what happens this juices on [Music] [Applause]

  Top Comments:
  1. @bradkerwin4286 [6 likes]: Middle of December I’m in the Midwest staying in a camper for work. Boy was it gonna be a cold night! In my opinion one of the best videos on YouTube. Thank you gentlemen you may never know how much it is appreciated. Thank you!!
  2. @vballer2014 [5 likes]: Wow, this was hard to follow. Can you record without all the quick cuts?
  3. @kathleenbrennan3009 [3 likes]: Thank you Sea Foam. For excellence in product ❤
  4. @mikenguyen8778 [2 likes]: Wow. Gotta try this with mine now. Stuck fairly new generator exactly like yours but mine is pretty new and left in shed
  5. @grilleFire [2 likes]: Maybe when you yokels are done clowing around you can make a tutorial vid...
  6. @katerinaperry669 [2 likes]: Your video was very helpful almost threw out my generator thanksss
  7. @10mmfan [2 likes]: Oh gotta get deep creep
  8. @mitchk2981 [1 likes]: Short power outage yesterday so it got me thinking I should just test my generator.  Sure enough the cord was completely siezed up.  My fault for leaving it covered but outside for a few years.  Mice had made a home in there which I cleaned out but still no luck.  Looked at your video and first thing I tried was to use socket wrench to try to move the flywheel.  It started turning and I put the assembly back together and it started on the first pull. Thanks!
  9. @tpaul0x [1 likes]: My generator suddenly became stiff after shutting itself off while on. And I couldn't pull to turn it on anymore. Would it work for that situation too?
  10. @thisguysgarage [1 likes]: did this with a ❄ snowblower and the deep creep
  11. @shoddy_F-body: I have two Generac 6500s that were bought new for Hurricane Sandy, Then sat ever since. Locked up. Tried marvel in the cylinders and breaker bar on the crank. Still won't budge.
  12. @iefeturi: Thank you so much. This was very helpful
  13. @christopherdiaz1350: How long did you spray inside where the piston was at?
  14. @Sly6311: my generator is hard to rotate at the valve dead-end zone tried to adjust the clearance but its still hard only at that point , what should i do? it didnt ran for years
  15. @TrusttheprocessB: I found one and the guy said the engine is locked up. Is this normally the issue and how I can fix it?
  16. @douglascrouse8793: I bought a brand new PowerStroke 3500W generator several years ago. Left it in the box, in a dry shed, untouched. When bad weather was anticipated a couple years ago, I hauled it out and discovered mice had made their home there. Rust on wires where they had urinated, etc. I was not happy. Cleaned it off, put oil and gas in it for the first time, and discovered the motor was totally seized up! Wouldn't budge! Your video was short and fast (whereas most others drag on and on), and I wish it was longer! So what Seafoam product would you recommend I use? I already bought a wrench to try and "hercules" the engine loose after soaking it properly. Thanks!
  17. @bakervinci163: The valve at the gas tank gets gunked up more than anything and they are a bitch to get to on the quiet gen
  18. @Venom-nk8nd: 🇵🇬🇵🇬,,
  19. @ke6bnl: Can Sea Foam be used with small two stroke motors that are using pump gas with 10% ethanol? will help the problem of running 2 stoke small engine with 10% ethanol
  20. @python71483: Too bad you cut the video.   I’m sure you had to pull carb off and clean.     Doesn’t matter tho I still use sea foam lol

- How Does a Ship’s Propeller Shaft Seal Work Underwater? | Science Behind Marine Engineering: Kind: captions Language: en I have always been curious about how the propeller of a ship which is underwater and the propeller shaft which goes through the hull for power transmission actually achieve sealing to prevent seawater from entering the engine room. Early tail shaft ceiling designs were relatively simple using packing seals which involve pressing rings of oil soaked asbestos or hemp rope around the shaft by adjusting the tightness of the gland to form a seal. But this has obvious drawbacks. high friction, easy wear and frequent leakage. Especially during high-speed navigation, it is harder to ensure ceiling performance, so it was gradually phased out. The most commonly used stern shaft sealing structure on ships today is the lip seal. Let's take a look at how it works. A typical stern shaft sealing system usually includes the stern shaft, stern tube, sealing device, and lubrication system. The sun tube is generally welded directly to the hole and sealing devices like lip seals are located at both ends of the stand tube consisting of the forward seal and the off seal. Let's focus on the forward seal. The lip seal consists of multiple rubber ceiling rings arranged sequentially on the ceiling housing with springs embedded inside the rings to provide continuous pressure against the shaft. Each ceiling ring looks like a lip which is where its name comes from. The space between the ceiling rings is called the intermediate chamber. As shown in the diagram, there are a total of five chambers. When operating underwater, the first lip seal on the outside closely adheres to the rotating shaft, preventing seawater from entering. But facing the strong water pressure is not enough to completely stop seawater infiltration. So air pressure slightly higher than water pressure is introduced into chamber number three. While the lubrication oil pressure levels in chambers four and five are slightly higher than the air pressure. This way the air pressure is conducted through the second chamber to the first chamber. This pressure difference can help prevent seawater from backflowing into the ceiling chamber and also helps elastically maintain the ceiling ring's adhesive force preventing loosening due to external pressure changes ensuring long-term ceiling effectiveness. The lubricating oil has three functions. First, lubrication to reduce friction between the ceiling ring and the shaft. Then cooling to dissipate the heat generated by the shaft's rotation. Finally, isolation using pressure differences to separate sea water from the interior environment. The second lip seal mainly prevents oil from leaking out, forming an oil seal chamber with the first one. And if a small amount of sea water and lubricating oil seeps into the third chamber, the flowing air will carry the mixed liquid away, then enter the collection cylinder for separation. You might notice a P-shaped seal in front of the first lip seal. Its main function is to prevent damage to the ceiling system from fishing nets and fishing lines.

  Top Comments:
  1. @MrRaja_77 [23 likes]: 👉 “Don’t forget to hit that Subscribe button and drop your thoughts in the comments below! Your support means the world – let’s grow this community together. ✨”
  2. @Lakeman3211 [1 likes]: On very early sailing ships these seals were made of oil soaked ropes wrapped around the shaft…this did leak slightly and was captured in casks or simply went into a bilge and was bailed out later…..🤔
  3. @anthonyk4975: too fast , slow down so we can follow it .
  4. @austrianalps2322: 🤣🤣🤣🤣
  5. @JohnFisk-q6q: Used to be called a stuffing box.
  6. @FazalRehman-f3w: Boring
  7. @waynep343: The Danish accident report on  the Emma Maersk showed a problem in the shaft room bulkhead seals that is easily fixed. As the shaft room was flooding  to to the failed stern thruster mounting tube tearing out and causing uncontrolled flooding. The hull had flexed and the lip seals on the water tight bulkhead at the front of the shaft room was leaking sea water into the engine room.  The cable bulkkead packings also blew out. The vent dampers were not water tight when closed.  The engine room only had flooding 29 feet deep..  lets fix the bulkhead shaft seals.   Think of a V seal that has a wide flange.  A seal on both sides of the bulkhead that rub the bulkhead surface. This wide seal like a mexican  sombrereo runs with a little lube applied.  Any water pushes it against the bulkhead even tighter.  The seal is split to ease installing. Glued to create a solid sealing surface.
  8. @arminhc7639: AI generated
  9. @CarlNichols-l4g: AI trash.  YouTube AI trash  voice-over.  Lame.
  10. @colinwhite5355: Human, please. Can’t listen to this.
  11. @KateWandless: Next you can explain muff couplings… ex ship yard fitter, the amount of time I spent working on tail ends in cold dock bottoms ( this is my wife’s YouTube )
  12. @Thrice.Pudding: its known as the bosuns anus.
  13. @yveslegrand9826: Not really sure that's anything real. My knowledge is older but, on big ship's the principle is to collect leaks of oil leaking in the ship, and oil in sea water resulting from oil and seawater leaking in the end chamber....
  14. @pauldonnelly5055: DARN Vocal Fry.
  15. @microfuge: A pipe dream but some sort of electromagnetic coupling would be great
  16. @James-k5f4k: I'm 63. Been bothered by this for 50 years. Finally some peace.
  17. @Canuck-64: That narration is annoying...but great info!
  18. @fidelcatsro6948: My cat says
Use Heavy Duty Oil seals from NOK Corp. on the shafts!
  19. @darekcoventry: Nie mogę słuchać tego sztucznego głosu 🤮
  20. @rodneycody8746: In the turd chainbar

- Is Your Equipment Covered OFF-SITE? (The Truth About Inland Marine Insurance): Kind: captions Language: en Hello. So glad you're here. If you're running a business, you know that your most important assets aren't always just sitting in your office, right? They're out there on the road at a client's site heading to a customer. So, today we're going to talk about something crucial. How to make sure your business property is protected no matter where it is. So, let me just ask you this straight up. Think about your tools, your laptops, that expensive equipment, or even the products you're shipping out. The moment that stuff leaves your building, are you 100% certain it's still covered if something happens? A lot of people just assume it is, but well, the real answer can be a bit of a wakeup call. Okay, let's get into the nitty-gritty. Your standard commercial property policy is fantastic for things that don't move. It's built to cover your building and everything inside it, right at that specific address on the policy. But you see the problem, don't you? This creates a massive gap. What about your gear at a job site or inventory on a truck or even equipment you've left with someone else to get it repaired? That's exactly where most standard policies just stop. But don't worry, because there's absolutely a solution built for this exact problem. It's a special kind of coverage that basically follows your property around, making sure it's protected wherever it goes. And it's called inland marine insurance. So, what is it really? Think of commercial inland marine insurance as the missing piece of the puzzle. It's specifically designed to cover your business property once it leaves your main location. It protects your stuff while it's on the move, stored somewhere else, or even just in someone else's hands for a little while. And I know what you're probably thinking. Inland marine? Is this for boats? The name is super confusing. I get it. But let's clear that up right now. It has absolutely nothing to do with water. It's just a very old-fashioned name from a time when things were insured for transport either over the ocean or inland. So, yeah, no life jackets needed for this one. All right, so what kind of stuff are we actually talking about here? Let's look at the specific types of property that this coverage is really designed to protect. This really breaks it down into three key areas. First up, property and transit. Pretty simple. This is anything you're shipping, whether it's in your own truck or with a carrier like FedEx. Then there's property in a Bailey's care. That's just a fancy insurance term for when you leave your property with someone else, like a repair shop or a storage facility. And finally, you've got specialized movable property. This is a huge one. It covers everything from a contractor's tools to a photographers's cameras to the displays you take to a trade show. Now, you might be thinking, well, can't I just get more standard property coverage? And the thing is, that policy just isn't built for these kinds of risks. Let's dig into why a dedicated inland marine policy is really the smarter and frankly safer choice for your business. So, it really comes down to this. Inland marine insurance is specifically engineered for these three situations. Number one, property and transit. It protects your goods from the second they leave your door until they arrive safely. Number two, Bailey coverage. This makes sure that if say that repair shop has a fire, your property is still covered. And number three, specialized property. This gives you the flexible, tailored protection that unique and high value mobile equipment really truly needs. So, let's end with a question we started with. Your business is not static. It's out there. It's moving. The real question is, does your insurance policy move with it? If you have even a tiny bit of doubt about that, it's probably a good time to take a closer look. You need to be sure that your most valuable assets are protected no matter where your work takes you.

- The Ins and Outs of Yacht Insurance: Kind: captions Language: en tom crash of salad eNOS Insurance Group as you see right here behind me is vice-president a Saudis salad eNOS a marshmallow Killeen 1959 he's one of South Florida's most recognizable brokers in the marine insurance industry and holds the designation of certified marine insurance professional he's a Fort Lauderdale native and former yacht captain strong ties to the marine community of course and graduated from Lynn University with a bachelor's degree in international business and that has held this hundred ton US Coast Guard license since 1903 and he'll introduce any other panelist I'm sorry so it says there 1993 he's not as old as I am from and then he'll handle any other did where are you Tom oh there you go 19:03 i would have been a pirate not a captain probably and we did forget to introduce Sean blue that flew in from New York he is the head of AIG worldwide watercraft and he's a great resource for us and the whole community and glad to have him here how about today he's the head cheese he's the one that makes everything happened from claims to the underwriting prospect to the policy issuing everything goes through him so today we're gonna talk a little bit about yawn insurance and what do I have and what do I do I have a two year old daughter and a six year old son and the other day I picked my son up from school and he says Danny what do you do for work I said well I hope people get insurance for their yachts and he said that doesn't sound like a lot of fun so I kind of explained to him why it is fun because I get to go the boat shows hang out with great people and meet people get on our clients yachts and everything and our clients were unique they can often often be fun challenging to work with all at the same time so for me that's fun and still get to keep in the industry I declined recently and closes boat and place insurance with them and called me up we were talking and he said you know Tommy sent you all this money and well we used to mail the policies now we email them but emailed me this PDF he goes what do I have what do I get I sent you this money but what I really get so we're gonna take a minute and see what he gets right now in the marketplace there's nine different insurance companies that write yacht insurance that's a lot every 5 or 5 years ago there was five they're all they're all different they all have different policy wordings different premiums certainly different appetites at what type of boats they like to write and they all handle claims differently as well so we're gonna look there's two main hair that was actually my first slide so there's two main types of yacht insurance policies one is an indemnity policy when it's called first party pay indemnity policies are typically Lloyd's of London policies and M&E means pay after so if a client has a claim they would be responsible for to pay the repair to damage and seek reimbursement from the insurance company first party pay are domestic policies like Sean's company Angie and they pay in advance go to the yard service facility you get an estimate for the work and the insurance company writes a check for the work in advance within the insurance policy there's two main sections there's the property and the liability let's look at some of the typical property coverages in the John returns policy well we get the hall that's the boat if a fire comes disappears and owner gets paid for their greed value in the insurance policy machinery breakdown that's separate if a catastrophic failure of the engine then just blows up stops working it happens all the time sudden an accidental is the key word there lack of maintenance wear and tear is not covered one thing we see with machinery is that you always want to have the captain and the owner keep a very detailed log of how he maintains engine complete this thousand hour service on-time have certified mechanics due to work because when a bearing goes or a rod goes or something like that insurance companies want equipment wants to look at the maintenance logs of engine or they're gonna say hey lack of maintenance so to prove that the engine was maintained and engine claims can be significant we just had one this year it was on a 90-foot yacht in the and the end payment was near seven hundred thousand dollars not just for the engine but they had to cut the boat apart just to put the new engine in there so it's pretty significant and we want to get that paid claim for the owner the owner the claim paid for the owner some other coverages personal facts tenders fine-arts mopeds and motorcycles while they're stored on board lost a charter income it's been a big one recently we see that and so if the boats in the yard has to be repaired for a couple months there could be coverage for loss of charter income the key with that also the Charter has to be on the books you can't make up a charter or book a charter while you're in New York confiscation in war this is an optional coverage very important coverage and you say well how about a boat's get confiscated it's really more of an international coverage example as there was a yacht because a couple years ago went to Mexico and failed to the captain failed to declare firearms on the boat well they came in they looked around and they finally had some ammunition the firearms and they confiscated the boat and when they confiscated the boat they brought it to the commercial pier and the thing banged up in the commercial pier and caused significant damage to the boat there's even there's even one boat that was a total loss from that scenario so very important coverage another carp need coverage that many cover many companies in our offering is the precautionary measure expense companies offer up up to $5,000 for you to haul or move your boat out of the pathway of a hurricane or a name storm so that's a great coverage for people I'm gonna let Shawn expand a little bit on property losses some sure some unique claim situations dealing with property well first of all despite what Bob Dennis it says selling insurance is fun I mean it's a blast so but I thought it would be interesting to you guys just to hear a little bit about where our losses come from our biggest causes of losses and maybe here an example of a big property hole loss that we had Tom mentioned precautionary measures up to $5,000 that's the most frequent claim that we pay out at a IJ I can't speak for other carriers but I think it's pretty common at a lot of carriers in advance of a storm would provide coverage to get your client reimburse to haul their boat get it out of the water save it from the impending storm and I think a lot of our clients don't realize they have that that coverage on their policy so you know if we have habitual offenders it's an issue but but the coverage is really there to protect and provide resources for the client to get their boat out of the water and from the impending storm and it's the most common claim we have the second most common claim that we see is struck submerge objects or grounding claims soft grounding claims followed by mechanical breakdown and then fire weather is in there too weather can encapsulate a lot of different types of losses whether it's a hurricane loss or whether it's a loss that's you know a bad bad squall sea conditions what-have-you but fire is our most devastating cause of loss it's certainly the the biggest cause of big severe losses the largest loss that we've had in our books is a fire loss it's a twenty-two million dollar fire loss on a very large sailing yacht and this fire loss wasn't that destructive to the hull it was an electrical fire where the smoke emanated through all the void space in the boat and if the yacht had had itself equipped with a thermographic camera which it didn't or surface piercing nozzles for expanding foam which it didn't have that 22 million dollar loss would have been a million or two million dollar loss as it stands the crew couldn't find the fire the smoke emanated through all the void space all 20 miles or so of wire cable had to be replaced or cleaned on that boat every piece of soft texture you know cushions carpet all of that stuff had to come out and get replaced and that's where the 22 million dollars went though our most severe losses our second example of a big loss that we had was a captain on a 65-foot sport fish boat down in Florida he had the boat hooked up to shore power he decided he was going to clean the engines with brake cleaner out of an aerosol can he had a flat of brake 3m brake cleaner nothing against 3m great product a flat of aerosol cleaner ready to clean the engines on his boat he's down there standing between the side of the hull and the engine block and the air conditioner kicked on so you can imagine the explosion that ensued so you know those types of those types of fire losses or explosion losses while they're not frequent they're extremely severe and impactful into our bottom line results thanks John and one thing on the precautionary expenses that I had a client call and says hey I just booked a hollow expenses four thousand dollars can I get my precautionary expense reimbursed not until there's a name storm or hurricane and we're in the path of that and you actually used that haul-out can you get it so the next section of the yacht insurance policies of liability sign I'm going to look again what you get and we're going to look at some of the coverages third-party liability if you're sued owners sued defense there they will defend you in a lawsuit medical covered medical is kind of unique I like it's uh it's no-fault coverage so if you have a bunch of people on your boat in the yard and everyone's drinking and have a good time that happens and your and someone wants to juggle steak knives and a steak knife goes through someone's Army's got to go it's crazy it happens what's fillet knives but uh goes through someone's arms you know he's gonna go get stitches taking the hospital medical pay pays out without question so no-fault uninsured boaters pollution cleanup fines and penalties associated with that marine environmental damages damage coral reef or sanctuary wreck removal or what's recommended be if your boat or yacht sank in icw or in the waterway or in a channel you gotta move that boat and you're blocking your your a heading your you're impeding the you know waterway their so they're gonna pay to remove that the most important coverage I think here is the crew coverage the crew coverage is covered underneath a liability and crew are protected underneath the Jones Act it's a very large exposure for the owner it's a can be an unknown exposure for the owner many people don't understand it it can be fairly scary to people because it abroad coverages or the broad exposure has so the Jones Act was founded in 1920 by Congress they know they needed some coverage for a seaman they didn't have any coverage so what they did is a railroad workers had some great coverage so they took the exact same coverage from railroad workers gave it to sea men and they called it the Jones Act so crew crew don't have crew does not have workmen's comp just like a lot of normal employees you're injured at work the workman's comp would kick in and you know pay for any of your injuries are suffering or long time injuries in fact so the Jones Act is really just a vehicle to for the crew to collect if they're injured the unique feature is that they can sue in the federal court and often have to sue in federal court to receive compensation for the injury the biggest question which makes this a little scary is who is crew and when are they crew so subcontractors and contractors are certainly not crew I had a friend I didn't insure the yacht is about four years ago and the guy was a 90-foot boat and but the boats and at the marina owner used about twice a year so he says so he said I'm gonna be a contractor now I'm gonna have a little service company I hired a couple people washing the boats now he's getting paid as a contractor well he was on the you top-deck fell down and he broke his neck this is a real story had two children him no coverage underneath Ayotte policy he's a contractor he has a business he's responsible for his own insurance he had no workmen's comp he had no health insurance he had no disability insurance and those are expensive types of coverages to purchase also so I do see that a lot from some of the captains now that said hey I want to be a service company but they're giving up a lot of big benefits for that and the main reason they want to be a service company is maybe they want to write off their truck or write off some expenses but they're certainly giving up a lot a lot of a lot of coverage and they're taking on a lot of exposure for a small gain so I'm gonna go Sean again he's gonna bring up some liability yeah I'm sorry examples I mean crew crew welfare is our single largest pni loss both in frequency and severity there's nothing that's even a close second its crew welfare some of our obligations are the yacht's obligations to the crew that might be surprising to you that we cover our single largest pni claim was resulting from an auto accident where a crew member lost an arm while she was driving to the store to get provisions multi-million dollar loss that that's covered under the P&I section we also had a yacht that is often here in fort lauderdale it's a foreign flag vessel crew members foreign the boat's here and the crew member in this case the first officer is member of a rugby league during his regular Sunday morning rugby match he blew out his knee but he's technically still in service of the yacht because he was supposed to report back to the yacht that day later in the day he's not the boat's here on a part-time basis so in those situations were obligated to cover that injury even though it had really nothing to do with his service to the yacht he was in service to the yacht at the time of employment we see the same types of losses whether these crew are skiing whether they might be you know in a bar fight there's all types of scenarios that get covered under the pni in terms of that crew welfare and again our single biggest expense from a liability standpoint I mentioned fire under hull fires up there too you know it's it's not a it's not second third or fourth but large fires tend to go down the dock and we certainly have a lot of liability in those in those fire situations so you know when there there's caps and marine law and there's there's limitations of liability when you're thinking about how much liability is enough one of these things to consider and at times is you know who's around you what what other yachts are around you Tom brought up day workers and I think that's that's a great point and to drive that further home you know we we know that a lot of yards will require that any person working on the boat show some evidence of liability and we often see a lot of clients insurance brokers trying to put forth day workers as crew and they really aren't most yacht policies will exclude those types of employees or those types of workers as crew but it's a very common practice and it's it's one that the insurance industry not just myself or AIG takes a pretty dim view on his day workers that are being masquerading his crew they're not covered day workers whether they're a boat detailer or an artisan need to have their own liability and I would encourage you to advise your clients of such for another in point of fact say is this the number of crew a lot of times the captains or even the management company or the owners wouldn't notify us if they're expanding their crew would that be an effective they're expanding their crew and they could jeopardize coverage a lot of times they take on crew and the captain hires crew but nobody tells us that can be an also a big exposure so we have all these wonderful coverages let's take a look at this example here and death this is a physical damage and let's see what the client has the sad part of this story is ten years ago this was my client he's still actually about 12 years ago but he's still my client today someone did insurance oh it was July 4th and I got a phone call and his name's dawn his real name is dawn everyone knows him he's on the internet probably all over to Webb so he calls me up and says Tom I got a problem let's see what's going on he goes well I'm at the bar and everyone's staring at me I don't know what to do I go what do you mean because I was just going down I was just running down the beach and I got a pilot like you told me to do and I was running and I just I hit the reef and I didn't know was going on alarms going on so I took the beat I took the boat and I put on the beach so what he did is he went out it wasn't a Harbour Island this if you can see the pink sands there and he went out the south side which is a sand cut but the pilot wasn't available so he took a dock boys out and there's a little boat and the dock boy pointed that way and so he went this way thinking he was in Florida and parallel to coast and take a nice nice trip down the coast but in Harbor Island out of that cut the reef goes out almost at least a mile so he hit the reef and ended up in front of pink sands resort calling me from the bar so so let's see if it's true sorry let's see what this guy has so well he certainly has whole coverage we can see the boats totaled so if any of those guests were injured on the boat here's third-party liability he had a tender on the boat that was stolen at night we can along with some other things well we have wreck removal that's it that's directly movable they tore it apart and put the boat in the landfill how about some living expenses he was staying in the boat and he was somewhere to stay now fines in penalties they they surely could have find him and penalized them if they wanted to for hitting the reef and just not being that smart pollution fortunately they came out there and they pump they pump the fuel tanks out right away but if you would have had five hundred pounds of diesel on there in front of pink sands there would have been a problem at least would have to clean it up and probably at least looking to find some penalties there personal effects and let's just assume he had charters on the boats on the books he didn't but let's just assume that so now he could collect on that coverage we move on and take another look at a different type of claim which is more of a liability issue a well known yacht dropped anchor and chain dragged across three basketball courts of coral reef Haiti pursuing the reef in the area was damaged well it's a big boat and it's a lot of damage so what does he have well you may have to defend themselves third-party liability how's that well maybe there's a dive operation that made us living diving on that reef taking clients out there and now they're out of business certainly environmental damages are gonna be there fines and penalties sure so there's a significant amount exposure one thing I didn't say is that you know with the with the physical damage on the yacht we know what that loss is you got a five million five million dollar boat you lose your boat that's five million dollars sometimes on the liability side you don't know what that loss could be it could be significant for the owner if I could just piggyback on that yes you know I I had a very similar claim to the ones Tom talking about and and I know in both cases um you know AIG and in this other case the other insurance company worked on the owners behalf with the governmental regulatory body to mitigate any further damages to the reef to put out super yacht bunkers anchors to work with the local yacht agencies to make sure that there wasn't gonna be those circumstances again so in this case in both of these cases it wasn't just a an issue of the insurance company coming in and paying the loss for damages it was also both cases myself and another carrier coming in and working with Department of Environmental marine Affairs coming in and working with other interested parties in those ecologies and making sure that it doesn't happen again so again I mentioned restoring the reef putting in superyacht anchors moorings working with the local authorities to educate the population on how that's not going to happen again in my case it was a substantial liability assessment in the beginning and then it ago she ated down over time and it's thankfully closed but in both cases a pretty severe amount of reef was damaged so what do we do so we have a claim and what do we do you know it's not a car don't dial nine-one-one tow truck comes ambulance comes and get a rental car pick up your car in a couple weeks you know being on a yacht or an accident can be a live situation and the owner has owner at a captain ultimately it comes down loader as responsibilities during a claim and most owners and captain's don't have claims so during an active situation they may not have to do that's why I get calls on July 4th or even this weekend we had a claim on the yacht coming out of a Nassau hit bottom said he's been through there a hundred times never happened the betting's up on one of the struts and you know I got that call this weekend and and we're waiting for the surveyors to go over see if the boat needs to be towed back or if we can make it over and make it back on its own power so let's see what you do some responsibilities of the owner Camp them prevent further damage active situations live stop the boat from sinking stop the boat from further damage notify the insurance company or your insurance agent as quickly as possible these like Sean says they can bring in remedies to stop further loss at that time so when I bring the boat to the yard or service facility you have to give opportunity for the insurance company to inspect the boat pre-approval to start repairs initiate repairs on the boat we've had clients call up and say hey I just spent fifty thousand dollars because I bumped my bump bottom and here's the receipt can you have the insurance company send me a check well that was two months ago and that's just not the way it's gonna work they want inspect and they want to see that you know the damages you know what the damages and how to properly repair it one thing I always vies is go to the best yard possible go to the yard that can best possibly fix the yacht first we've seen on occasion where the captain brings the boat to maybe a little smaller inferior yard but it's really hard to get the insurance company to pay a towing cost to tow it down to rival rich or another yard that could be miles and miles away because now you're realizing you want to get the boat and more prominent art lasts in some situations when we're dealing with a very in-depth and serious claim that could take years to you know to fix or repair I always advise to hire an independent surveyor along the first of all they they looked at the initial damages and follow the repair process and do a final survey of the boat that is most of our topic but I'm gonna bring Shawn in to expand on this also what do you do what if you're in like remote locations haha how does Boca repair it or how does the insurance company help a yacht owner and maybe some exotic locations sure well I mean first on that list I I agree with all your points I think first and foremost preventing loss of life right that you know we're all we all don't want to spend out dollars to pay for repairs on boats but the most important thing is to prevent losses and I think the rest of these can be summed up with the theory of acting like a prudent uninsured you know as Tom mentioned every policy is a little bit different so you know in terms of choosing a yard some companies may say you need to go to the closest yard now that might not be a very good place to fix your boat some places use terms or some companies use terms like what's reasonable and they don't define what reasonable is what may be reasonable to me may not be reasonable to you or your client or a surveyor so you know there's there's a bit of negotiation but I think by and large if your client acts like a prudent uninsured and acts like they're spending their own money and it's looking to be indemnified within reason most insurance companies language being what it is are going to work with the client and you know that's really I think what kind of summarizes what to do in the event of a claim it's a relationship with the client there's contractual relations relationships but that relationship is really important from a global standpoint you know we have a network as do all most insurance companies of surveyors of salvers of vessel assist companies anybody you know mechanics you name it whoever in the industry all around the globe to be able to call the arms immediately to get assistance to the vessel whether that's after they've made into a home port or where that's getting a towing company out there we had a boat that was stolen out of South Florida and we wanted to find that boat 65 foot Viking so the claim came in very quickly we got airplanes in the air to search down the boat we got all the the bridge operators up and down the river to see if they had seen it thankfully it was a bright yellow hull so it was pretty easy to spot you know with that we have that kind of global network as do a lot of insurers that specialize in this line of business to be able to provide services for the client so it doesn't matter whether it's in Florida or whether it's in France or whether it's in Tom said the Maldives earlier yeah we've got anyone have questions follow up take advantage of Sean wise here in the back Jeff you have a question you mentioned the day workers as crew if if there's a yacht that has a normal they run with three crew and then they hire an extra person because they're gonna have a lot of guests then they're gonna take a two-week trip that per diem is that considered Jones Act or is that a contract that's not covered well let's let's look at you know define what we're calling a day worker for the purpose of this discussion we're calling a day worker not a not a temporary crew member but someone that is a marine artisan repair person detailer but if if the primary vocation and purpose of that person being on the vessel is as a crew member in service of the yacht then they are a crew member it's it's the cases where the yacht is going into a yard and they hire independent contractors to do work and those independent contractors may or may not have their own insurance and the yard is requiring that they show insurance and so sometimes we see requests to have these part-time day workers or independent contractors added on to the yachts policy as crew and and I don't know of a yacht policy that will cover them as crew knowingly in fact most of the time it's excluded but in the cases where you have a part-time crew member and that's really their job and they're really in service of the yacht then then absolutely the coverage should be afforded to them the only the only caveat to that as Tom mentioned is that the number of crew that's employed on the yacht needs to be properly reflected and understood by the insurance company so you don't have a situation where there's ten crew on the boat and the insurance company thinks that there's five crew on the boat that's a very different exposure to the insurance company ray am i covered I need to move it from one marina to a yard trick question it's a trick question it's it's a yes-or-no you are covered as a permissive user but the policy is not going to pay for your crew welfare these you're not a hired crew member at that point now the policy will pay for you know any damage that you caused to the vessel and it possibly could pay for liability you cause of the yacht would another party it depends on the policy whether or not it provides your first party your first party liability but the situation of whether or not you were liable as an individual will depend on a lot of different factors you've got attorneys in the room that can probably all argue that but you are you know in terms of whether the yachts covered the answer is yes whether the liability of the yacht to the the other party you may have caused damage to yes not your crew welfare and potentially not your first party liability it depends on the policy yes you have two questions if I may the first one is in the beginning of your presentation you talked about indemnity and first pay seems to be first pay is the better option why would a client choose the other and what will unbalance what percentage of your insured fleet is which good question well like I said there's each company has certain you know different appetites and we try to place coverage the best fit with the best company so if we try to put the client with the best fit generally in the premium matches also we'll just see with indemnity the London policies is sure this there's very certain situations where they're applicable and required and they can offer very high limits and a very reasonable premium and that's certainly consideration though when we're dealing with the u.s. owners and you know got that fits in the appetite of a domestic company I certainly see significant advantages to being there even if it's maybe it's a slightly more premium and you would pay a slightly more premium because the way that the difference in how they pay claims very think so the second question is Shawn mentioned resources that AIG deploys when a client's in need if a client's in Cuba and hits a reef what do you do then how do you handle a situation like that Wow well my favorite four letter word just came up well so it's an interesting topic you but because you know there's been obviously a lot of development about people going to Cuba recently and some insurers both domestic and abroad in London have allowed for navigation to Cuba and provided a certain level of insurance couple that come a coverage to Cuba we are among them we've insured about fourteen boats not you know not huge numbers but about fourteen boats going to Cuba there are the oath the someone mentioned in their presentation earlier today the Office of Foreign Assets Control Oh FAC all insurance companies that operate in the United States and many insurance companies that operate abroad with us security are all subject to certain US sanctions laws that prohibit us from participating in any follow any form of trade with a sanctioned country which Cuba being among them so we are not able to pay a claim on a first-party basis for losses that happen in Cuba I mentioned that the client has to act like a prudent uninsured in this case they really do and it's not just with us it's with any carrier that is u.s. or many London carriers that are also using this sanctions language they're subject to it whereby the client has to go through the loss you know pay their own way get the boat repaired follow it do it so legally get back to the US and then we will treat an just that claim on a reimbursement basis that's all fine and good when it's a small property loss but if it's a liability loss where there's a there's a legal incident and representation that needs to occur in Cuba that's a problem I think you know there are clients all clients that want to go there I think need to understand the additional risk that they're taking on by going to Cuba we will entertain the risks as will our colleagues in London but there are there's an additional level of risk that the client needs to take so to directly answer your question I can't send anybody to Cuba to get the boat back the boat guys got to get the boat back on his or her own and then we can adjust the claim from there are there any underwriters that are not subject to the restrictions of those sanctions that you could employ for that aspect of the coverage if I understand the the the question correctly is there an availability to have somebody cover just the rider to go to Cuba correct and not the rest of the annual policy term correct insurance companies don't like to cover just the what may be viewed as the more extreme part of the risk so I I would never say never because it's a it's a it's a weird market these days however I highly doubt that any carrier or program would want to insure just the Cuban navigation portion but any any carrier syndicate insurance program structure that that involves u.s. security at some level is subject to this sanctions language some are more transparent about the limitations than others you know I think it's it's something that the client who wants to go needs to be very detailed about what is actually being provided in terms of insurance policy tell Michelle and I have a question and I I'm sorry if you've already answered this but would you clarify for me when Tom was talking about the medical coverage is it is there a collective wisdom to encourage owners when they're ensuring crew to do it outside the hull coverage at all in other words provide a separate insurance coverage for the crew so as let's say every time a crew member gets the cold or flu or whatever it's not going in any way possible going to effect it under the coverage provided by Jones or federal harbor worker longshoremen all ensure so health insurance is not car accident so that's health insurance told that's not that's not covered underneath and medical so medical is an injury not health related doesn't offer check out though what about health insurance sure we on a crew with a larger sized crew we always recommend that they got off they obtain separate medical or health policies 100% it's what it also does is provides it you can put it in the part of the compensation plan of the crew it's very easy to put that in there for an owner and everyone to understand that but also it preserves the insurance policy in the premium these a lot of policies they don't they don't like claims unfortunately sorry Sean but and when you get his claim and they see a history of claim and we see a little broken fingers or a little one stitch sprained my ankle you know we see they see the repetitive of this they're gonna blame at the owner and I'm gonna look at the owner says well you can't control his crew as a bad captain or something that is poor management of the crew and they're either gonna increase his rates or they're gonna the sont the alarm is going off and they're gonna cancel him so as I said the whole coverage would respond but they collective wisdom is for outside but wouldn't respond for health issue such as cold flu annual checkups and those items yeah just I mean just to clarify that the P&I coverage will respond to the crew welfare typically the the health insurance portion health issues that are not sustained while the crew members in in the course of employment or don't have anything to do with their of their duties I always advise that recommend that clients or managers or brokers place Kru medical policies it's also you know a good thing to do as an employer some carriers that are providing the crew welfare coverage will require that there's a separate crew medical placement being made some don't and some do it depending on the risk being quoted and the pricing being quoted back to the client we do all the above it just depends on the situation but crew medical rip from the pni to Tom's point is is a good idea from the claims management standpoint as well one thing on the yacht policy will be in excess over the medical separate medical policy where if there's a lawsuit against the owner thank you you

- Sailing Insurance Offshore   Protect Your Yacht with DiamondBack Insurance: Kind: captions Language: en Owning a yacht and sailing offshore is thrilling, but it [music] also carries real financial risk. Offshore sailing introduces unpredictable hazards like storms, [music] collisions, equipment failure, and liability exposure. Without protection, [music] costly repairs, and legal claims can jeopardize your investment. Comprehensive [music] offshore sailing insurance offers financial security for both recreational and commercial yachts. Diamondback [music] insurance makes coverage easy with digital tools. You can get instant online quotes, review an instant [music] online insurance proposal, and secure coverage with instant online binding. These tools help you compare options, understand limits, and activate your policy without delays. Structured coverage helps you plan voyages with confidence and focus on enjoying [music] life at sea. With the right policy, storms, engine issues, and passenger liability become manageable. Offshore [music] sailing insurance is essential to responsible yacht ownership. Protect your yacht, [music] passengers, and financial future with Diamondback Insurance. [music] Secure peace of mind before your next offshore adventure.

- DON'T MAKE THE SAME MISTAKE! Watch Before Purchasing Boat Tow Insurance: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] we're talking to the cto captain and he's like well if you have it through us we'll take you wherever you need to go versus the insurance company that like oh we'll take you to the closest ramp are you kidding me here we are folks well this has been an interesting day um we have finally run out of luck when it comes to our boat we've done so well it's been almost exactly a year what maybe about a month but from a year since we got this boat and we've done so well with it um but today we were headed out to do a little trolling and our motor went put it it won't turn over uh we don't know what's wrong so we have insurance through our car insurance on our boat and we're like oh cool so we're covered so i call and they're like asking me where we are and everything okay well we're gonna tow you to the nearest ramp i'm like well the nearest ramp is nowhere close to where our uh our trailer is oh well and he looked and i told him where the trailer was and he's like oh well that's too far they only take you to the nearest ramp so make sure that you pay attention if you get insurance through your car insurance or whatever ceto has been around since 1983 you know and we are a membership based business progressive you know they they do hall insurance and they're going to throw out a towing package for a few dollars more but there's limited there's more limitations to theirs than there is hours um it's better get see uh seto or tobot us one of those because they will take you back to your origination your original place where you departed from hey i'm captain steve from seato key largo had the pleasure of towing these folks in today so i went ahead and signed us up uh it's about 180 for a year which really is nothing because it cost hundreds of dollars sometimes thousands of dollars to be towed somewhere so it's definitely worth it if you have a boat okay here's a question for you yes we went ahead and signed up if we stay here overnight and call tomorrow about 3 30 yeah can that can y'all pull us back there are some limitations to the membership uh one of them is your boat has to be in working order um and everyone has to be running yeah they they won't allow you to sign up about this broken and the reason why they do that is because a lot of people there's sailboats out there and trawlers and people that live on they haven't run for years and they get kicked out of one marine and they want to go to another one so oh i'll just call cita and they want to pay 179 and get towed from key west vargas so that's there's limitations just i know you're filming me here if you don't mind yeah he's going on our youtube yeah you know for 179 you know you do get quite a bit to be a member um you get on you know if you have your boat it's working you sign up um it's designed for uh rescue you know not necessarily valet which is you know for just carton it around town right right so we're really more of a rescue operation uh designed to get you off the water safely the membership for 179 covers towing unlimited towing you know if you want to break down well i'm saying well if we got it going but if we had another problem then call us would come here you're not a sea turtle if you if you're a cto member i've already done it okay um it also it takes 24 hours for the membership so by three about three o'clock tomorrow technically you're active so if you push off the dock after three o'clock tomorrow and break down i'm coming to get you okay i'll take you wherever you want to go i mean we're still we're just gonna try to troubleshoot it some more yeah yeah but yeah now that we're out on the water we could actually just take our time and see what's going on what's going on with it right yeah also there's a few good mobile mechanics in the area that they come to you and just you know help you get going yeah yeah all right guys so we made it back and uh man it's good to have good friends we got captain house to the rescue just called him let know what's going on instantly he's like i'm coming to pick you up so uh it's been a blessing good old captain ozzie you

  Top Comments:
  1. @MiamiBroChannel [4 likes]: Wow man that was some great info. I have to sign up for that because I too have boat insurance thru progressive and it supposedly covers sea towing but I never knew that detail that you mentioned. I’m going to call tomorrow and see what my policy covers and if it’s like you said, I’m getting Seatow membership for sure. Thanks for the info and for making this video 👍
  2. @MrBigezee69 [2 likes]: My high school shop teacher was the founder of Sea Tow!!
  3. @BaldJohnnyRhythm [2 likes]: I work for a commercial tow service, and not only do we tow you to your requested destination, but we’ll even take you to the MOST APPROPRIATE destination. 

sometimes, your boat will need to come out of the water to be inspected & repaired after your incident, and maybe YOUR marina doesn’t have the facilities to get that done. 

I won’t recommend a particular company, but I recommend obtaining this kind of coverage with a company that provides these services.
  4. @KirstenQuickFit [2 likes]: You always share such great advice for boaters!! Having a good boat towing service is imperative-cuz it's an emergency situation! I know we used a good towing service on Lake Erie with my dad's boat! Thanks for sharing!!
  5. @homeworkouthealthhub3158 [2 likes]: Having a boat looks like fun!  We live in Arizona but there are lakes up in Payson and some other areas up north. We have not been up there to explore yet!  It's usually 15-20 degrees cooler and lots of hunting and fishing.  Can you believe that?! Who knew?! LOL 😂😆. Anyway, thank you for another wonderful video. 😀😀😀😀😀
  6. @homeworkouthealthhub3158 [2 likes]: Captain Steve to the rescue!!!  $179 🙀 isn't bad for a rescue operation membership. So sorry about your boat ⛵ but glad you had Captain Ozzy there to help!
  7. @KeysBoatingChannel [2 likes]: Wow bro! Great information! A lot of boater's take their chances, but it will turn out to be a costly one. I always carry BoatUS and man every time I needed them they are there in minutes. I highly recommend every boater to have the service membership. Hope everything is ok Bro! If you need anything let me know!
  8. @storyoc [1 likes]: i just got sea tow to tow my boat from bout 2 miles west of the mouth of crystal river to the ft gulf island park ramp which is bout 4 miles up river-cost me 600$-the guy who towmed me was shocked when he heard the price tag-said he doesnt get near that-im gonna get the gold membership before i go back-never thought it would cost that much-ouch
  9. @BaracWimberly [1 likes]: Curious, without the membership you signed up for right then, how did you get back to a dock? How much was it? If it was Sign and Glide and free, though it didn't get you back to your trailer...it worked getting you back to land, did it not?
  10. @freddienh [1 likes]: Sadly   i learned NOT TO TRUST SEATOW.
  11. @OttoTheWeim [1 likes]: Also be cognizant of who provides the best service for your area. Towboat US has a large service area and many times they are the only service around so check your primary boating area to ensure they cover it. Sea Tow does not cover many areas.  Most insurance policies have tiered service. You can get a cheap policy that will tow you to the nearest port and has a limit to amount they will shell out annually. Then you can get a higher tier that has unlimited tows, fuel delivery, home port delivery etc. just read and select the best policy for you. It is more an issue of simply knowing what your coverage and needs are.
  12. @HollyKnows1212 [1 likes]: I bought Sea Tow directly from my home marina.
  13. @josephalexander2837 [1 likes]: Thank you so much!! Been lucky these last 10 years
  14. @acefisheries.2013 [1 likes]: 2xs I've been 3 miles out and tow boat  saved the day. Best investment. Only took a $3,000 lesson.  But now even though my port is an hour or 2 hours away from where I fish they still bring me right back to my docks!
  15. @2fat2furious1 [1 likes]: Hey friends!!!checking in to see if you are ok!? We miss you!!!
  16. @feelnatureandrelax [1 likes]: thank you for this useful informations. Good luck!
  17. @SeaJunkiesMiami [1 likes]: Great informational video! It is so awesome that your friend went to the rescue :) Whether it is Sea Tow or Boat US, it is a most to have one. We have had our membership for over 10 years and thank God never had to use it but it is amazing peace of mind. Keep up the good work!
  18. @withabike [1 likes]: Your video is colorful!  It's amazing!  I like it very much!  Congratulations on your progress!  thank you for your sharing!  good luck!
  19. @CW6691. [1 likes]: I’m glad things worked out, happy holidays my friend
  20. @yepiratesworkshop7997: I've had TowboatUS for more than 10 years and never had a problem with it.  When I needed them, they were there. I always buy their "Unlimited Gold," "Unlimited Trailer" and make a donation to their "BoatUS Foundation." It costs right about $200.00 per year AND COVERS EVERY BOAT YOU OWN OR BORROW. I've had two tows in all that time and just one of them would have cost more than I've paid in 10 years of BoatUS membership.  It's great peace of mind and -- if you do use it -- TIP THE TOW GUY! (Sometimes they won't take a tip, though.) The area where I boat is well covered by BoatUS.  If you boat in an area that is mostly covered by Sea Tow, you might want to go with them.

- Mechanic Saved a Family from a Sinking Boat — The Next Day, A Luxury Car Pulls Up With a Surprise: Kind: captions Language: en The bay was quiet most evenings, the water stretching out in a smooth sheet of silver under the sinking sun. But that night, Jake Harris could tell something wasn't right. The mechanic had left his shop late, boots dragging, coverall smeared with oil from a long day of patching up a halfbroken pickup. He'd driven his old Chevy down the coastal road, needing a moment by the water to clear his head. The sea always helped him breathe when life got too loud. Please subscribe to our channel and tell me in comments from where are you watching this video as he stepped out. The breeze carried a sharp panicked cry. At first he thought it was the goals but then he heard it again. A desperate human scream cutting through the quiet evening air. Jake's head snapped toward the far side of the bay where a small motorboat bobbed low in the water. Even from here, he could see it tilting unnaturally, a jagged tear along its side where the wave slapped in hard. Someone on board was waving frantically. Without a second thought, Jake was back in his truck, slamming it into gear, speeding toward the rickety pier. By the time he reached the edge, he could hear the chaos clearly. Voices shouting. A woman crying out for help. A child sobbing. The boat was sinking fast, water spilling over the side. Three figures were trapped aboard. A man trying to scoop water out with his hands. A woman clutching a little girl to her chest. "Hang on!" Jake shouted, kicking off his boots and grabbing the nearest dingy tied to the dock. "It was barely more than a rowboat, but it was enough." He jumped in, hands working the orars with desperate force, pushing toward the struggling boat as adrenaline flooded his veins. "Can you swim?" he yelled when he got close enough. "The kid can't," the father shouted back, fear cracking, his voice were stuck. Jake reached the side of their boat, grabbing the railing as it pitched under his weight. The water was rising fast. Pass her to me," he ordered, holding out his arms. The mother hesitated only a second before placing the trembling child into Jake's strong grip. The girl clung to his shirt, whimpering. "It's okay, sweetheart," he said softly, voice calm despite the panic. "Inside him. I've got you now." He set the girl safely in his dingy before turning back. "One at a time," he barked. We'll all get out, but you got to trust me. The father climbed in next, nearly tipping the small boat, but Jake steadied it with practiced strength. Finally, the mother followed, her face pale and wet, not just from seawater, but from sheer terror. They pushed off just as the larger boat lurched and went under with a sucking roar. Swallowed by the dark water by the time they reached the dock. Jake's arms burned from rowing. his shirt clinging to him, breath ragged in his chest. He lifted the girl out first, handing her to her mother, who hugged her as if she'd never let go again. The father stumbled onto the dock, collapsing to his knees. Staring back at the empty stretch of water where their boat had vanished. Jake climbed out last dripping and exhausted, his hair plastered to his forehead. "You folks all right?" he asked, voice low. The mother looked up, tears streaming down her face. "We'd be dead if you hadn't been here," she whispered. "Don't know how." "Too, thank you." Jake shook his head, rubbing the back of his neck awkwardly. "Just glad I was close enough to hear you," he said. The little girl peeked out from her mother's arms, her big eyes full of wonder as she whispered, "You're a real hero." Jake knelled to her level, his rough hands resting on his knees. "Nothing heroic about not letting good people drown," he said softly. Just doing what needed doing. He drove them to the nearest inn, making sure they had dry clothes and a warm meal. When he finally returned home hours later, salt still on his skin, he thought little of it. He'd saved a family, but that was all. It wasn't heroism. It was just what a decent man was supposed to do. What Jake didn't know was that the next day, when the morning sun climbed high over his little shop, the quiet hum of his tools would be interrupted by the low purr of a luxury car rolling up his gravel drive. The same family would step out not just to thank him, but to offer a chance that would change his life forever. Turning one night of instinctive courage into a future he never imagined. The next morning, Jake had barely gotten his first sip of coffee before the memory of last night came rushing back. The girl's terrified eyes, the weight of her tiny body clinging to him as the boat went under. He shook it off, grabbed his wrench, and got back to work on an old Chevy he'd been fixing for a neighbor. To him, it had just been another night. Another moment where you didn't stop to think. He just acted dot. Around midm morning, the distant sound of an engine made him glance up. A sleek black luxury car glided down his gravel driveway, kicking up dust that looked out of place against its spotless paint. Jake frowned, wiping his hands on a rag as the car came to a stop. The same family from last night stepped out. The parents looking rested but emotional. The little girl holding a small stuffed toy in one hand and waving shily with the other. The father walked up first, gripping Jake's hand tight. "You saved our lives," he said firmly, voice thick with sincerity. We're not leaving it at just a thank you. Jake shifted awkwardly, not knowing what to say. But when the man glanced toward the car where someone else waited inside, a well-dressed associate with a briefcase, Jake sensed this wasn't just a visit of gratitude. Something bigger was about to land on his doorstep. Something tied to last night's rescue that would change his small town world forever. Jake leaned against the doorframe of his shop, watching as the father waved to the man in the luxury car. The suited figure stepped out, polished shoes crunching on gravel, a leather briefcase in hand. Jake suddenly felt out of place in his oil stained jeans and faded flannel. But the man's expression wasn't judgmental, was respectful. "Mr. Harris," the businessman began offering his hand. My name's Richard Lawson. I'm the operations director for Haven Marine Supplies. You may not know the name, but we own the boat manufacturing company the Parker family here runs. He glanced warmly at the mother and child standing nearby, then looked Jake dead in the eye. They told me what you did last night. You didn't just save their lives. You gave this family another chance. And we think that deserves more than just a handshake. Jake shifted his weight, unsure. Folks, I didn't do it for a reward. I just couldn't stand by. Richard gave a knowing smile. That's exactly why we're here. Our business has been trying to launch a community rescue initiative for years. We wanted someone with real grit, real heart, not just a name on a corporate roster. Last night proved you're exactly the kind of man we need. The father stepped closer, his voice low but full of emotion. Jake, we've seen what you can do under pressure. My family's alive because of you. We want you to partner with us. We'll sponsor your garage, upgrade your equipment, and fund. A training program right here where you can teach life-saving mechanical skills, boat safety, and rescue readiness for our local community. He paused, glancing toward his wife, who nodded with tears in her eyes. "We want to turn your shop into something that keeps saving lives, just like you did for us." Jake blinked, overwhelmed. His shop had always been a place to scrape by, fixing what was broken for a few bucks at a time. He'd never imagined it could be anything more than that. He looked down at his calloused hands, remembering how they'd gripped the orars last night. How the little girl had clung to his shirt, like he was the only thing keeping her in the world. Finally, he looked up, his voice gruff but steady. If we're doing this, it ain't about money or fancy titles. It's about Mackin. Sure, no one else has to scream for help the way you did. If we can save one more family, I'm in. The little girl stepped forward, clutching her stuffed toy, and hugged Jake's leg tightly. "I told mom you were a hero," she whispered. Jake knelt, resting a big, rough hand on her shoulder, eyes glistening. "I'm no hero, kiddo," he murmured. "Just a man who couldn't let you go under." Richard extended the contract, but Jake didn't need to read the fine print to know his life was about to change. For the first time in years, his small shop wasn't just a way to survive was about to become a lifeline for others. A place where knowledge, kindness, and courage turned into something bigger than himself. That evening after the luxury car disappeared down the road, Jake stood outside the garage. The salty breeze carrying the scent of the bay where it had all begun. The old sign above his shop creaked in the wind. But for the first time, Jake saw not just what his life had been, but what it could become. A place where every tool, every lesson, every heartbeat in that little shop might one day mean another family makes it home alive.

- Boat Transom Repair: Kind: captions Language: en he's gonna be pouring a a transom to pot with two part materials may be filling this cavity he's got it all prepared on the inside and fiberglass to everything else two holes drilled in a backhand and when he gets he gets this at level he'll be putting a fiberglass piece in here and then be putting this funnel into here and filling it all the way up the top it'll come all the resin will come all the way up to the top so we have a good solid solid transom this is the chemicals here it's a hardener and Nick's RJ RJ heats it up right okay you got the inside poured pretty good you read fiberglass all inside look um I really nice it's got to be a mix for the temperature we put the exact amount of it [Music] take off so I'm good now I'm started coming there I've heard people think kicked off quick I've heard people say took a girl worth that was a 60 think we're 60 to 67 degrees right of course we got a fan going to because ventilation this beam needs to be in the building cuz the smell is pretty bad I think it's pouring I think it's filling in pretty good actually top let's drive over here and to put your skin bad guy and you went ahead you cut them off with a saw originally but then you put them back with epoxy fiberglass ok fiberglass seal it back up put the skins on the front in the back so you have a cavity to pour into Deba now for the bed yeah as much better yeah it looks pretty good this is all cured already nice and hard like a rock pour it all at the top here it's about nice yeah it's gonna be good salad that's for sure yep goodbye three solid you

  Top Comments:
  1. @tamaralee4108 [12 likes]: The funnel made of the roller tray is a great idea!
  2. @charlesjones257 [3 likes]: how about an update on the transom. any problems?? pics??
  3. @rs1329 [3 likes]: How to turn a motor boat into a row boat !
Foam transom? Are you kidding ?
Not even for a trolling motor.
  4. @stephenkiolbassa8233 [3 likes]: How many gallons did you end up using?
  5. @hhhunt777 [2 likes]: Hi, Keith Actually commenting on your vid on the green laser surgery. I'm actually in the waiting room while my husband of 38 years is having this done.  I am so glad you posted this vid. We watched it together last night and it made us feel better about doing this. My husband is 75 and I'm 65. They could not believe that Fred is only on one medication-- drops for one eye! He is very healthy except for this prostrate issue. We are praying that this will be super successful! Thank you AGAIN for posting that vid!! God Bless You!!
  6. @nymack66 [1 likes]: I've been running my Wellcraft V20 like that since 2008, and it's still solid as a rock with a 135 E-TEC HO on it. Not a single flex or crack, and I drill without hesitation! BTW you Guys did an excellent job.
  7. @60tbird1 [1 likes]: Arjay 6011 is  beneficial as it will probably never rot, however, it's tensile strength and weight should be taken into consideration. At 1.4 to 4.2 K psi tensile strength (9.65 to 28.4 Mpa), its not as strong as Marine ply which is normally over 50 Mpa, but the weight of 7.65 Pounds per U.S. gallon is around 916 Kg per metre cubed, which is considerably more than Marine ply which is normally around 430 to 480 Kg per meter cubed.
  8. @eddie4eddie [1 likes]: How many  5 gallon buckets did u use for that  boat  if i may ask
  9. @tonycollett5910 [1 likes]: What it that material you poured in the transom ?
  10. @duartepaintinghandymanservices: So yall cut the outside panel out? How was it reattached prior to pouring the material?
  11. @psychodad4634: How did you cut off the top of the transom?
  12. @DavidMorgan-vj2rf: How many 5 gallon buckets did it take to do the transom.
  13. @CraigBethel: How much did you use
  14. @Indepthparanormal: It looks the same as the carbon core
  15. @mikelovesspeed1315: How’s it holding up?
  16. @hardtokill8134: Where I can buy all the liquid for the repair
  17. @grifce: How many oz. Of the catilist Did you use per gallon at 68 degrees
  18. @jeffhunter69: Champion?
  19. @narineramotar7426: What is the mixture you’re using?

- How a Couple Transforms a Ruined $5000 BOAT to Their New Home: Kind: captions Language: en two amateurs, a $5,000 abandoned boat, and one goal. Turn it into a high-end luxury yacht, and their new home. Desperate to escape their routine life in Florida, this couple gambled everything on a doomed vessel. >> I'm getting nervous. >> But with zero renovation experience, they walked straight into the most brutal challenge of their lives. The storms are coming in. The engine's going up. This is going to be nerve-wracking. >> Holy. Backing plate broke. Put the filter back on. Our beautiful bottom paint got all smeared and ruined and it looks ugly. That was one hell of a personal test. >> It's a race to become master DIYers before they face total ruin. But he has one final secret hiding in his toolbox. If they actually survive this brutal year together, he's planning to drop to one knee and ask her to marry him. So, where did it all begin? A strange ad appears on Craigslist. steal this boat. It has a ridiculous price tag of just $5,000. But that price isn't a bargain. It's a warning. Holes go straight through the hull and deck. The wood is rotted, threatening to crumble at a touch. The windows are falling apart. It doesn't even have sails. And the engine is old, ready to break down at any moment. It is enough to scare off the average buyer. But Matt and Kristen aren't looking for a ready to sail yacht. This Florida couple is looking for the ultimate fixer upper. And this broken down boat fits exactly within their budget. So they hand over the $5,000, officially buy the floating wreckage, and decide to deal with the nightmares later. Matt is a former MMA fighter and pool builder who learns by taking hits. >> Was it ideal? No. Did it work? Yes. Am I a genius? Confirmed once again? Absolutely. >> Now he's bringing that hands-on construction grit to the ultimate rebuild. Kristen is a veteran bartender used to managing chaos. >> It's time to hit sail, as I would say. I'm nervous. In this project, she's the logistical brain, calculating materials and keeping Matt's wild ideas in check and completing the crew is bare, their 10-year-old cat, who never leaves their side. After securing the purchase, they spend a full year making cheap band-aid repairs just to get the boat floating. At the same time, they keep working their regular jobs, saving every dollar to fund their dream of a life at sea. Finally, they decide to put their patched up vessel to the test. Named the Dead dolphin, the boat embarks on a daring voyage from Fort Lauderdale all the way to Puerto Rico. But this wild journey quickly makes one thing perfectly clear. That $5,000 price tag was just the down payment. As the days go by, more and more parts of the aging vessel keep falling apart. The ocean exposes every shortcut they took. The ultimate test comes when they face the Mona Passage, one of the most dangerous and unforgiving stretches of the Caribbean. It is 40 hours of pure structural hell. Battered by heavy seas, every temporary patch threatens to rip apart. >> It's getting pretty wild out there. It's been wild for about the last 2 and 1/2 hours. >> And then the engine stops working. >> Against all odds, running on nothing but fumes, they finally reach Puerto Rico. They survived a 4,000mi journey. But the dead dolphin hasn't. It can't sail by itself. With the main engine not responding, Matt is forced into a desperate maneuver, using their tiny dinghy to propel 20,000 lb of dead weight. The new plan is an emergency stop and a full assessment of the boat. They finally reach land safely, but the celebration is short-lived. They have to haul the boat out of the water, inspect it entirely, and face the true damage of their journey. The entire boat's weight will be concentrated on two narrow straps. Matt and Kristen hold their breath. The dead dolphin might not hold the operation. The boat survives the lift, but the hull looks like a nightmare. Marine growth covers large sections of the bottom and rust is visible everywhere. Matt's confidence begins to crack. The most terrifying discovery of all is the keel. A huge hole and a deep crack run through the steel. The damage on the outside is undeniable. They are lucky they didn't sink at sea. Inside, the news gets worse. The main engine is barely hanging on. A new one alone will cost $15,000, three times what they paid for the entire boat. >> The mixer elbow has completely broken off of the exhaust manifold. So, I'm in a little bit bigger trouble here than I thought. >> This boat is their home and life. It's all they have left, but it's falling apart. They have to make the biggest decision yet. Book flights back to Florida and leave the dead dolphin behind or risk everything they have on a full rebuilding. >> Should we just throw our old boat to the trash? >> Throw old dead dolphin to the wayside. >> What do you think, Matt? >> No, we should stick with our boat. >> They are going allin. They will rebuild this boat from the floor up or go broke trying to save the dead dolphin. Matt and Kristen's plan is to tackle the exterior first, restoring the entire surface. Once that's done, he'll replace the engine and rebuild the rotten interior. But they can't afford to stay on land for long. Yard fees run $80 a day, so they're giving themselves just 10 days to get back in the water, where the renovation becomes far more affordable. After a deep pressure wash of the hull, Matt starts filling the holes and imperfections with an epoxy repair filler designed for boats. Now he can begin sanding, creating a smooth and level surface. Matt borrows the heavyduty sander and proper protective gear from local peer workers. Equipment that would have stretched their budget even further. Every inch of the hull and deck needs to be prepared for a fresh paint. The head sails are pulled out and taken off the boat to protect them from sanding dust and ongoing repairs. Replacing a damaged sail can cost thousands. And right now they can't afford that mistake. As the work intensifies, the boat turns into a hazardous construction zone. They refuse to have bear living there. Today is the day that we got some exciting news. We're now going to get off the boat. We get an Airbnb. So, this is where it really turns into a construction zone and I'll really really be able to rip it and dip it. They pack their entire lives into boxes and prepare to move. Every night in a real bed will add to the burn rate, but for now, living on board isn't safe. The next morning, Matt faces a challenge most sailors dread. Cutting into the deck. Soft spots underfoot have been warning him something's wrong. As he opens it up, the rot is clear. Years of trapped water have weakened the structure. If left unfixed, the floor could collapse under a hard blow. But the mast is the real threat. A rotten core could destabilize it, letting it fall and crash through the Matt has never performed this kind of surgery before, but in the boatyard, his philosophy is simple. There is nothing he can take off that they can't find a way to put back on. Under the relentless sun, Kristen joins Matt, helping shoulder the grueling work of sanding. The surface is prepared. Now it's time to give the dead dolphin a new look. They decide to handle every step of the preparation and application of the paint themselves. Matt mixes the base and a hardener, but because of the Puerto Rican heat, they have just an hour before the mixture hardens and becomes useless. Two layers are needed so they both arm themselves with rollers and work in sync. It's a demanding task. The second layer needs to be applied before the first one dries. This ensures the layers achieve a chemical bond, fusing into a single shield and preventing peeling. Suddenly the tropical weather turns. >> When the rain comes by and soaks everything for 45 minutes and then goes away. And these 30-minute rain showers will cost you half a day. By the time you clean up your entire work site, get everything changed and then when it comes out, you pull everything back out, work for 5 minutes, then it rains for another 30 minutes. Hours of meticulous work are threatened in minutes. For Matt and Kristen, these delays are frustrating and expensive. Luckily, the rain didn't ruin the hull paint, so they moved their focus to the In a marine environment, a smooth painted deck becomes as slippery as ice when wet. To keep themselves and bear steady in heavy seas, they apply a specialized non-skid additive on top. As the hours pass, the scale of what's left begins to sink in. The hull still waits, the most visible part of the boat. And for that, good won't be enough. They're aiming for a flawless mirror-like finish, and they won't settle for less. >> Since we're putting in all this effort, Matt put in all that work sanding it. We want the best. So, we're getting someone to hairspray it at a good price. >> Yeah. The master of all Caribbean painting, Salich, is going to put the final gloss on for just the hole. We still painted everything else. >> Salicha joins to inspect the boat. With a pencil in hand, he begins circling Matt's low spots and uneven sanding marks. He's going around with his pencil now and circling all my whoopsies that I either missed or made. >> You got an F. >> It's a great quiz. Okay. You probably got to see. They're professionals. >> Yeah, they they're going to do a good job. >> Matt sanded the deck too aggressively and removed the gel coat, the outer skin that protects the fiberglass beneath. They are forced to apply two to three times more paint layers than they initially planned just to build the surface thickness back up. They use Allgrip, a premium marine paint. It's expensive, but it delivers a glossy mirror-like finish that stands up to salt and sun. The air sprayer atomized the gray base into a fine mist, allowing for a level of uniformity that rollers and brushes simply couldn't have achieved. To complete the transformation, a worker prepares the surface to give the boat its modern yacht identity. Using blue masking tape as a guide, they plan to create decorative stripes along the hull that will be painted in a different color. For the first time since Puerto Rico, the dead dolphin is beginning to show real signs of progress. The focus shifts to the deck and hardware. Every fitting and repair has been sealed. They're aiming to lower the boat back into the water this week. If it holds, they can finally move to the inside renovation from the water. After all the delays, Matt and Kristen have missed their deadline and already spent more than $2,000 in yard fees. They can't afford more mistakes. Every penny spent is one less they can put toward renovating the interior. Back to the exterior paintwork. Only the section below the waterline remains. Its job is simple. Keep barnacles and algae from sticking. It doesn't have to look perfect. So, they decide to handle it themselves and save some money. The final coats go on and the dead dolphin is almost ready. One night to cure and tomorrow the real water test begins. It's launch day. The tension is palpable. They have worked nonstop to reach this moment. And they will finally find out if the boat is ready for the sea. As the hull touches the water, Matt climbs aboard, carefully checking that no water is getting in. Matt went in to check the through holes before they let go of the straps. and he's been in there for a long time and I'm starting to get nervous. I don't know what's going on. I'm just trying to be patient here. I hope nothing bad's happening. The hull is watertight. With a sigh of relief, they prepare for a short test run. As they haven't repaired the engine yet, they tow the boat with the dinghy. But as they approach the harbor, something's wrong. >> The steering wheel is not responding. >> It's going to hit. >> They are forced to haul the boat back out of the water immediately. The real problems though started arriving. First we had our steering plate bearing plate broke. >> Backing plate. >> Backing plate. And then we couldn't steer our boat. Then another issue happened. Part of our bottom paint got scraped and pushed by the straps of the lift and it got all smeared and ruined and it looks ugly. It was a splash day disaster. are not happy about it, but we're coming back. >> The culprit of the crash is a steering backing plate, a vital pulley assembly that has disintegrated from 40 years of salt and neglect. Because the part is obsolete, it can't be ordered. It has to be handcrafted from scratch, and they have no idea how to do it. In the meantime, the yard crew sand down the damaged sections of the hull and apply a fresh coat of antifouling, giving it 3 days to properly cure so the straps don't smear it again. >> Salicha made us a new backing plate. >> The master painter reveals himself as a master fabricator, turning a lost cause into hope. From here, Matt takes over, carefully reassembling the system. On the first trial, the dead dolphin answers the helm. Control is back in their hands. Splash day number two arrives with a much higher level of confidence. Today is splash day number two and everything's going to go great. All right, so here we go. Let's see if the transmission picks up. Matt tests the helm, and the boat finally responds. The engine works, too, but it's still unreliable, a problem they'll have to fix soon. >> We're back on the boat. We're back in the water. We're super excited. We finally get a day off. We want to go straight to the beach. For the first time since the renovation started, they can celebrate. With their energy renewed and the boat's exterior looking brand new, the interior awaits. Starting with the engine. >> We're going to attempt to take out our old, rusty, dusty engine. >> The 300lb engine hasn't left this room in four decades. Getting it out will not be an easy task. When Matt disconnects the hoses, all that's left of the old coolant is orange, rusty water. A sign of just how deep the corrosion goes. The old engine weighs too much. It's not coming out. They improvise an ingenious solution using the boat as a third helper. The howiard normally used for raising sails is attached to the engine. And using the mast's winch, they crank it up from above, turning the mast into a pulley. The boat does the heavy lifting while Matt and Kristen guide and control it. I'm going to try to get it out, but if it's not going perfect, I will back down. I'm not going to drop a 300lb motor on my head. I don't want to do that. They're tackling it themselves to avoid the cost of a professional, but if it gets too risky, they'll step back. The goal is to lift the engine out and slowly rest it on protective foam, keeping the deck safe from any damage. It's happening. The engine's going up. This is going to be nerve-wracking. Okay, I'm coming. I'm coming out. >> The operation begins. A 300lb drop would be disastrous. They move with extreme care. The engine is too heavy and the rope gives way. Oh my god. Why did that happen? Holy. >> Luckily, the protective foam absorbs the impact. They now have to take the engine to the shipyard, but it's miles away. With no car, they take a high stakes shortcut, moving it by water. Mission accomplished. The old engine is finally out. A brand new one is on the way, worth more than twice the price of the boat itself. It's an investment that could redefine the dead dolphin's future. But while they wait, there's no time to lose. An entire internal renovation awaits. Demolition begins inside the salon. The old cabinetry has to come out to reveal the damage underneath. As Kristen peels back the panels, the truth is clear. The wood is completely rotted. It has to be cut out entirely and rebuilt from scratch. The old side bulkheads hold the plates that keep the mast standing. If they failed while sailing, the mast could collapse. Matt removes them and will rebuild the structure, giving it a stronger base to support the mast. For the replacement, Matt was tempted to save money on standard plywood, but he was advised that marine grade was essential to make it last. At $150 a sheet, it's a serious investment, especially since he's not a professional woodworker. Meanwhile, Kristen chimes in with the next point. >> These pocket doors, he hates them and he wants to get rid of them. We don't use them. I don't mind them. And you know, if you want to shut a room, you have that option. He doesn't want them. He wants to move them so you can sweep the floor. They have the thing there. And I just don't care. >> So, basically, let me tell you about this hot pocket. This is our door here, as you can see. >> NO, NOW YOU'RE MAKING ME LOOK BAD. THAT ONE'S BROKEN. >> HERE'S MADDIE. >> But yeah, the pocket doors are going to be gone because what did we say? We're going to modernize our old boat. This thing sucks. And they're horrible. They rattle around. They take up extra space. >> You broke that on purpose for this so I'd look bad. >> Call the cops. >> Throughout this renovation, different choices will spark a debate. The dead dolphin is the couple's home, and every decision feels personal. With the doors out of the way, Matt removes the big bulkheads. The plan is to use them as templates for the new sheets, so the removal needs to be careful. He's pushing just hard enough to separate the panels, but not so much that they snap. Space is a major challenge during the interior renovation. The new sheet is too large to pass through the boat's narrow doorway, so the work has to be done on the pier. The plan is to cut the sheet in two horizontally and rejoin it later. adding extra work, but it's the only way to make it fit. Working on the water brings its own difficulty. While staying in a slip saves $80 a day, the waves make every task harder, especially for precise woodworking. Matt turns his attention to one of the salon's weakest points, the old windows. They bought a new one as a test and couldn't wait to try it, planning to replace the rest later in the renovation if it works well. After all, it wouldn't make sense to turn the dead dolphin into a brand new yacht without first sealing any potential water entry points that could flood it. The glass is so clear that it almost looks like there's no glass at all. They had forgotten what it was to have clear windows. As work continues, the cabinetry can finally be installed. Once again, Matt relies on templates taken from the original pieces. The new cabinetry is engineered as one solid unified piece. It is designed to be removable, allowing Matt and Kristen to easily detach it in the future to inspect the critical chain plates hidden behind the salon walls. He's thought of a solution designed for life at sea while giving the interior a clean, modern look. Mechanical push catch latches will keep the cabinets firmly closed. With a simple press, a spring releases the door, popping it open just enough to grab. For the sofa, the original fold down was unstable, uncomfortable, and cramped. So, he rebuilds the base from scratch. Now the top platform slides out from the wall to form a bed larger than a twin with fold down legs strong enough for two adults. As Matt works, the tropical weather provides a grim reminder that the boat's exterior defenses are still failing. >> The other day when it was raining, I just kind of looked in here, but it was so much water coming out, I couldn't exactly tell where it was coming from. I believe it was this thing here, but I'm not 100% sure. So, I'm going to go outside and start throwing some buckets of water around. >> He's coming. >> I don't see anything yet. >> Okay, I'm going to pour some more. If you see it, just knock on this. Okay. >> Okay. Okay, I see it. >> It's coming out of the chain plate type thing. >> It wasn't coming out of any of the spots up here. It's coming out of like down here. >> So, I think I found the culprit. I the other day when I went up my mast, I had tuned my rig pretty tight to uh you know, so I didn't have too much wobble up in there. And I think what I did was where I had sealed the um chain plate with some just some cheap silicone. Um I think that that just moved a little bit and in the heavy rain, I think from that chain plate, it just found its way inside the uh the cord deck. So I think the chain plate is my culprit. to make sure that that doesn't happen because these aren't coming out anytime soon. I think I'm going to just go up there with some more silicone, tape it off, get some goo in there, and then that should keep the grain out of the boat. Water is the ultimate enemy of any boat project. Matt is sealing every opening on deck to protect their hard work from leaks while giving the ceiling a cleaner look. Only once the boat is watertight can the kitchen transformation begin. The galley gets a total purge, a messy demolition down to a blank canvas, making sure nothing rotten or patched with band-aids is reused. The first replacements are the ruined, unreliable drawers that have jammed for decades. They used to swing open while sailing, so Matt builds custom units on stainless steel slides. He also adds mechanical push button locks to keep pots and cutlery from becoming dangerous projectiles. Matt replaces the awkward floor level bin with a custom slide out trash can at counter height, making it easy to open and close. The entire rail system is designed to be removable, giving them full access to the sink if they need to make future repairs or updates. On a boat, easy access is key to avoiding problems down the line. Next, they tackle a heavy, useless cabinet that was so impractical it ended up just collecting junk. Matt destroys it, replacing the bulk with sleek bypass doors that dramatically increase storage depth for pots and pans. To keep the peace while sailing, he lines the interior with foambacked vinyl, ensuring their dishes travel in silence even in heavy seas. For the countertop, they need a material that is lightweight and 100% waterproof, and PVC turns out to be the best option. The couple wrestles the oversized sheet through a doorway barely wide enough to fit it, eventually cutting it down to size. Cheaper than most alternatives, PVC won't rot, swell, or attract termites in the tropical humidity. Sharp corners and moving waves are a bad combination. For safety, Matt rounds off every edge to prevent injuries when the ocean gets rough. They also create a 2-in overhang for a custom high-end look. But when they try bending it with a heat gun, the material bubbles like a burnt marshmallow, ruining the finish. Just then, they get the news they've been waiting weeks for. The $15,000 engine is finally ready. They drop everything and head out to collect it. Thanks to Salicha's generosity, Matt and Kristen borrow his truck to handle the load, picking up the most expensive and heaviest piece of the project, the boat's new heart. After clearing the paperwork and handling the local taxes, the engine officially has new owners. Back at the harbor, the unboxing begins. Matt reveals a gleaming red 30 horsepower Beta Marine engine. Running at just 50 to 60 dB, it's way quieter than a standard diesel. a total game changer compared to their old rusty nightmare. >> We are finally going to put our engine in. The installation should go pretty easy. But it's not the engine I'm worried about. It's our boat. It's This thing's 100,000 years old. So, is it going to fit? What am I going to have to change? Hopefully, it just goes right in there and it's a plug and play. There's some prep work that has to go with that. So, I have to clean out my engine room and it's time to get busy. Unboxing the components felt like Christmas morning, but the excitement is quickly met with a reality check. The arrival of the engine has only highlighted how much structural work remains before they can finally install it and turn the key. With the workspace cleared, Matt faces a dangerous task. Replacing the shaft seal. This component wraps around the spinning propeller shaft, allowing it to turn while preventing the ocean from rushing through the hole in the hull. After 40 years of salt and friction, the old seal is unreliable and must come off, but it refuses to move. I've been beating on that thing for about an hour now, which I haven't got a even a hair out of it. Desperate, Matt calls on Salicha for help. It takes the intense heat of a blowtorrch and a lot of patience to break the rust's grip and free the shaft. >> Matt then brings in the brand new replacement. >> This is the part that goes on that keeps the water out of the boat. So, this thing is a important. Once the internal shaft seal is in place, Matt must perform one final underwater task. Reinstalling the propeller. Finally, the engine can come in. >> I'm not going to say I'm nervous, but I'm not not nervous. Selchicha and the professional yard crew step in for the heavy lift, swinging the 400-lb motor onto the boat. Unlike the old engine, there's a lot more at risk. Matt is terrified. Fortunately, the maneuver the couple feared for days takes less than a minute. With four pairs of hands, the engine is safely in place. >> So teacher is the man. He got it in here. I was nervous. Definitely not the way I would have done it. I was scared. I was like a little baby boy about to start crying. But he got it in. You know, that's why you hire the pros. >> They ensure the connection is perfectly aligned since even a small imbalance could cause severe vibrations at high revolutions per minute. With the mechanical connection solid, Matt installs the life support systems, a seawater strainer to filter the ocean water that cools the engine, and a Raker fuel filter to protect their investment from the dirty diesel often found in remote Caribbean ports. >> So, now it's time to put the vent loop in. This is basically because our engine's at the water line. We have to get a siphon anti-ciphon valve up above the water line so that if something crazy were to happen, water doesn't come back through and end up going toward the engine. It all just goes away from the end. With the starter battery installed, they're ready to crank the engine. Fresh oil goes in and the moment of truth arrives. This plugged in and I have my battery hooked up. I'm just going to flick the key a little bit to make sure my power is good. Make sure that's running before I have to troubleshoot something. put the filter back on. They can only hope nothing serious happened to the engine. Aren't you excited? >> I'm going to crank crank that soldier boy. >> The engine works perfectly. Matt forgot to reinstall the oil filter at first, leaving the system open and sending oil spraying everywhere. With that solved, the next phase is installing the two new control cables, one for speed and one for shifting. Both will run from the engine straight up to the steering pedestal. And finally, they bring in a brand new $2,000 wheel autopilot. This single upgrade is a total lifestyle shift for a two-person crew. No longer tethered to the helm for 24-hour crossings, they can now step away to fish or actually sleep while the boat holds its course. He mounts a pulley ring to the wheel, creating a direct mechanical link to the new autopilot. The drive motor at the base provides the brawn to pull the belt, while the control box on the side acts as the brain. He must space them precisely. If the motor's magnets get too close to the control box's internal compass, the interference would send the boat in circles. Back inside, the bathroom renovation begins with the toilet as Matt sets a base to achieve the optimal sitting height and ensure complete stability. Months have passed since they began this massive renovation, but now their worst nightmare is approaching. A hurricane storm is forecast for next week, threatening to cause serious damage to the boat. But until the storm arrives, Matt and Kristen keep pushing forward. The lower part of the shower's structural frame is rotted from decades of leaks. Matt rebuilds it from scratch and fiberglasses the area to prevent future damage. At the top of the shower, he fabricates a removable PVC niche to cover an old access hole, angling it backward to keep shampoo bottles in place. For polishing and painting, they clear the space to reach every corner. The final touch is a major quality upgrade. They plan to replace the stained plastic sink with an elegant porcelain basin. To finish the vanity, Matt applies a modern wood grain laminate to the upper cabinet. His skills are clearly improving with each step of the renovation. He builds custom push lock doors with built-in mirrors, giving the vanity a sleek, modern touch. For the final countertop finish, they move to their Airbnb where a stable floor makes the job easier. Matt applies heat to the epoxy mixture to release trapped air bubbles and ensure a clean finish. Know a lot of y'all were worried about Bear cuz you haven't seen her since we moved on the boat, but she's just living her best Airbnb life. Limitless couches, limitless bunk beds, limitless air conditioning. So, you know, she's being a sweet baby. She's happy, but she's kind of turned into a little stinker. In the afternoon, the weather begins to turn. Matt and Kristen rush down to the pier. >> The storms are coming in. It's getting windy, and it's not even the day the storm's going to be here yet, so I'm not feeling very good about this. >> With a hurricane approaching, every item exposed to the wind must be removed before it's too late. The head sail fights back as the wind picks up in violent bursts. Finally, they managed to bring it under control and drag the massive fabric onto the grass to gain enough leverage to fold it. To prepare for the storm surge, Matt reinforces the dead dolphin with extra 1 in thick lines. With the new engine in place and parts of the boat already renovated, there's too much at stake now. From above, they watch helplessly as the harbor disappears into gray mist and driving rain. Matt fears the boat may not withstand the fury and hurries back down. >> Well, you better be careful because I'm not advising you to go out in this weather any appears in order until he spots a friend's vessel untied and drifting. Against the fierce storm, Matt battles to secure the runaway boat, fighting to prevent disaster. He manages to tie it down just in time. Nightfall brings even worse conditions. Will the dead dolphin survive the night? The next morning, the sky breaks clear and the week's forecast looks much better. Just coming to check my ropes from last night. Still coming out to see if anything anything moved. With the dead dolphin holding strong, they dive back into the renovation. After finishing the bathroom, they move on to the V-birth, their personal bedroom. Being at the point of the boat, the room is narrower and more compact, so every inch must be carefully planned to ensure comfortable sleeping. For the new walls, they install custom wood shiplap, but it's hard to follow the boat's natural curves with the straight planks. Next, Matt tackles the front cabinetry. He completely demolishes the original, poorly built unit to create space for a modern, functional replacement. This area is critical because it hides the boat's chain plates and windless wiring, requiring a design that prioritizes emergency access. Kristen specifically planned this area to store and use her laptop and other electronics. So, the new design has an extra lower cabinet to maximize storage. As Matt finishes the new front cabinet, she begins painting the entire room white. This layer helps eliminate the cave feeling of the bow. Soon, they notice cool air entering the room and discover the next problem. a broken window, likely shattered by the hurricane's powerful gusts. Luckily, replacement windows were already on their list, and the new ones recently arrived. They quickly set about fixing it. To finish the space, the walls and ceiling remain. Matt and Kristen choose custom maple wood trim for laminating, carefully crafting each piece to fit perfectly and add warmth to the room. Trying to bend the new panel, it snaps at the corner. Rather than waste more material, Matt comes up with a solution. A custom maple trim piece that hides the seams and gives the room a polished, professional finish. Although the laminating looks perfect, they're not convinced by the white wood walls. >> We're going to be tearing it out and replacing it with 1/4 in PVC. >> Trying to force the straight boards onto the curved wall caused sections to stick out. And the intense white paint looks terrible. They tear it all out and start over. This time wrapping 1/4 in PVC boards in high quality moldresistant vinyl. For the ceiling, they install modern LED overhead lights. They're discreet and match the room's style. Now the most transformative stage has arrived. Laminating all the rooms starting with the bathroom. This is the final step before the finishers. Soon the yacht will be complete. After nearly a year in Puerto Rico, working week after week on the dead dolphin and learning through trial and error, the amateur labels are finally peeling away. Matt and Kristen have moved beyond simply making it work to truly making it perfect. The new bathroom door opens a full 180° instead of sliding into the wall, instantly making the bathroom feel much more spacious. They continue the laminating work for the salon. Matt's technique is beyond impressive. By this point in the renovation, he's looking like a real pro. >> You know what they call me here in Puerto Rico? They call me Larry Lemonado. I don't >> because I do the laminating perfectly. I can do it. >> In the galley, the most challenging sections are the curves. Learning from past mistakes, Matt uses a heat gun to soften the rigid sheets, allowing them to bend smoothly around the rounded corners of the countertop. Because their new adhesive bonds instantly on contact, they use wooden dowels as a floating barrier. This allows them to line up the panel perfectly without the glue touching the wall prematurely. Once aligned, they pull the spacers out and let the laminate drop into place. The goal for the trash bin is to make the galley's least glamorous feature blend seamlessly into the countertop as if it weren't there at all. Precision is the priority for the new sliding cabinets, which replace the clunky door they previously hated. Matt laminates the face frame as one continuous piece because he believes seams are amateur. The old navigation station, a space they no longer needed thanks to digital navigation, is now being converted into a booze locker. The new cabinet houses an elevated fridge and a deep compartment that can store up to 12 bottles of liquor. With the kitchen complete, it's time to fix the boat's secret shame. the electrical system. Years ago, Matt had wired the panel with cheap lamp wires that once sparked and nearly caused a fire. To properly secure their home, he reroutes every line up the bulkheads and into the ceiling so nothing chafes while the boat is in motion. He installs 10 dimmable lights throughout the living area, giving the space the feel of a modern private airplane rather than a 40-year-old sailboat. Next, the control center gets a redesign. Matt removes the outdated AC fuse box and keeps the 115V and 12vt system separate to reduce fire risk. The new station features essential switches, a 12vt outlet, and a battery monitor, giving them full control over their energy use. On the dock, a package has arrived. After years of washing clothes in a bucket, they finally splurge $1,200 on a 30 lb mini washing machine that can run their laundry entirely off solar power. To make it fit their lifestyle, they repurposed the aft cabin, once a pantry and makeup room, into a combination laundry room and garage. Before the renovation, the water maker was basically a piece of luggage under the couch. Every time they needed fresh water, Matt had to haul it out and run a hose to the sink. Now it has a permanent spot connected directly to the sink, so fresh, portable water is always on tap. They finish the shower by installing the water valves and head. The hot water dial is purely for aesthetics since they don't have a heater, but it fits the high-end look they want. The next morning, they focus on the hatches, the primary line of defense against the ocean. They considered buying new ones, but at $1,000 each, and with exact fits nearly impossible to find for such an old boat, it would have meant cutting into the Restoring the originals was the only way to ensure an affordable, watertight fit without compromising the home. The final stretch begins at the entrance with just the companion way. the salon floor and the sofa left to complete. For the companion way, Maple sets the tone for a modern home, saying goodbye to weathered teak and leaks. The old floor was a minefield of gaps and splinters. To replace it, they chose vinyl planks in a beach sand tone. The color hides Caribbean sand. The surface is waterproof and it's tough enough to handle their cat's claws. Lessons from the past have sunk in. Years ago, they used cheap fabric for the couch cover that shrank and metal zippers that rusted in the salt air. This time they chose Sunbrella fabric, UVresistant and nearly indestructible in the tropics. Kristen handles the upholstery herself. After more than a year of relentless work, the tools are finally down. The renovation of the dead dolphin has come to an end. What started as a $5,000 warning is now a modern yacht that defies its 40-year age. It's easy to forget how far they've come. This project began as a boat filled with holes and rot, barely standing. Since then, they've survived a long trip through the Caribbean, an engine failure in the unforgiving Mona Passage, and faced the heartbreak of a splash day disaster that sent them right back to the yard. But they didn't give up. Far from family and friends and with no professional experience, they faced the full renovation of the boat head on. They even stood their ground against the 70 mph fury of a hurricane and worked non-stop to transform and care for every inch. The result is far greater than they could have ever imagined a year ago when all they could think about was tearing it apart and abandoning their dreams of a life at sea. Of course, a project like this doesn't come cheap. The total price tag for this transformation came to $25,479. And by the end of the project, Matt has invested over $100,000 worth of man-hour into rebuilding the dead dolphin. But for Matt and Kristen, this boat is more than fiberglass and wood. It's their home, the result of years of persistence, long nights in the yard, and the belief that something broken can be brought back to life. Originally, the entrance had uncomfortable washboards. They replaced them with custom swinging saloon doors with mosquito screens, letting in the breeze while keeping the bugs out. Matt built a custom drop-down door for the electrical system, neatly concealing all cables and equipment. Kristen installed a Wi-Fi switch to control four lighting zones through a dongle. Fully dimmable and app connected, they can adjust brightness or turn the lights off straight from their phones. After over a year stuck in port, the dead dolphin is finally ready to sail. And the family is eager to leave the dock behind Bear is back on board, happy to be home again and reunited with his family. What Kristen doesn't know yet is that a big surprise awaits. >> We're engaged. We just got engaged at the cave. I cried a little bit. I just got to tell the world. I'm so happy. I just got to tell the world. >> I'm just happy that such a beautiful, perfect woman would be that happy to marry some old cuss like me. I love this woman more than anything on earth, and I couldn't go another day without being engaged with her. I love you and I'm happy we're engaged. >> It's official. We're fiances >> and you're going to be my wife. >> The project that tested their home, their relationship, and their resilience in ways they never imagined ends with a forever love. More adventures will come for Matt and Kristen. And if you want to join the crew, follow their YouTube channel, Sailing Good, Bad, and Ugly.

  Top Comments:
  1. @SailingGoodBadandUgly [359 likes]: That’s us!! 😂 We had SO much to say about this we just dropped our reaction video if you want to see what we actually thought! Thank you Quantum Tech for this honestly blown away by the love 🙏❤️
  2. @pparvez2302 [1 likes]: You  home 🏡 good video good news films video good ❤️ 👍 👏 ❤❤❤❤happy new year 🎉
  3. @CalloutCorner [1 likes]: :face-orange-biting-nails::face-fuchsia-wide-eyes::face-blue-wide-eyes: Wow, that boat is really old and pretty battered—I wouldn't dare take it out on the open sea. It really needs to be restored from the ground up—or at least its most critical components. The engine alone looked like it had been fished straight out of a junkyard. Please don't risk your lives just for a few YouTube likes and a bit of adventure—that boat is a total disaster.
  4. @kenroydwilliams9708: God bless y’all great sample of a team! Matt I feel u already had construction knowledge on carpentry, mechanical engineering etc  Christian you found you a gem.
  5. @kenroydwilliams9708: Smart dude moving to Puerto Rico to do the repairs cost way cheaper lol even though it’s a us territory
  6. @beeman911: WOW that was amazing and Larry Laminate you are the king of construction.  So many beautiful things you put together and figured out. Quite the journey and Now, Happy sailing for the both of you!!!
  7. @J-T: C'est juste un voilier !
  8. @elvistecparedes1: Un año sin trabajar $ + rbnb alojamientos + costo materiales + barco + motor + astillero +luz + puerto atraco + y mas encima el barco pesaria con toda la madera que le pusieron unas 15 toneladas y con un motor de 33 hp.       😂😂😂😂😂😂
  9. @francovolpe5306: bravissimi e auguri
  10. @robbyoliver4953: They don’t live on their boat it is not used now. They live on land.
  11. @TheDriver454: never ever ever use sillicone on boat...
  12. @ErvinSonden: ❤❤❤❤❤🎉🎉🎉
  13. @BELLOCCHIVERDE: 1. i’m in Brooklyn, New York and whenever I visit Florida it’s always been my dream to live on a boat that idea came from the TV show Miami Vice lol I like the fact that Crockett lived on a boat and I wanted to do the same. The hard part is finding a woman that’s gonna stand by you. He is extremely lucky to find this jewel who has his back and does not break when it comes to getting her hands dirty that to me with all due respect to everyone else is a woman..  I wish you guys all the blessings
  14. @joelcholez9645: que ce soit des maisons, des bateaux, des voitures c'est toujours à 5000$
  15. @KAMAL747-E7: Bersatu menentang z10n1st.☆☆(free paLestines)☆☆Aamiin YaRobbana.
  16. @flaviorenato6837: Parabéns ao casal, Deus abençoe!
  17. @pparvez2302: Salmon mumuo thanks Allah big Allah bless Muhammad 👍 🙌 🙏 ❤❤❤❤❤😂😂😂😂🎉🎉🎉😮😮😮😮😅😅😊😊😊😊9000millon very good nice video morning you boys parvez yassin dad dead Pakistan yassin and mumuo dead London okay Aslam 😅Pakistan and friends family okay 👍 👌 helps you films like you films mumuo
  18. @kdsowen2882: What a journey eh....that boat should have been $500..I did something similar with a large RV years-ago , rebuilt the entire thing including replacing the roof but I learned that I could do anything . I watched my father build a few boats when I was growing-up , saw a fair-bit of rotten wood ! Your boat would have crushed lesser-people...well-done you-two , you could put-out a vid showing what to look-out for when buying a boat...and save a few people :face-purple-crying:   dave nz                                              i
  19. @RyanWelch-g9f: Whoever did the film in the editing if it was this couple bravo round of applause this is some TV show level editing. I enjoyed it. It was easy to follow.
  20. @SuperMegaHyperDrive: Might be a good video if the narrator just shut up for a minute

- Poor Couple Gets A Baby From The Sea, But The Twist is💥🤯⁉️⚠️ | Movie Explained in Hindi: Kind: captions Language: en-US Welcome, dear Rockers. How are you all? Today, we bring you a movie that will make it difficult for you to decide whether it's just a story or a heart-warming poem. After the war, a World War I soldier finds himself alone on a deserted island, working as a lightkeeper. That is, maintaining a lighthouse. What happened on that island? How did his life progress? And did this man, suffering from war trauma, ultimately live a happy life? Look, friends, the intro seems pretty normal. But when you watch this story, you'll be deeply emotional. So, without further ado, let's get started. This excellent romantic drama, The Light Between Oceans, was released in 2016. At the beginning of the story, a lightkeeper is being interviewed. The interview is being conducted by a World War I soldier named Tom. This scene takes place a few months after the end of World War I. The interviewer explains that you 'll have to follow certain rules to live on the island where you're going to be a lightkeeper. You'll live alone on the entire island and keep us informed of even the smallest incident. No one else can live there, and this isn't a permanent job. It 's only a six-month contract. You'll join duty in two days, and until then, you're allowed to stay on the mainland. Tom agrees, and in the next scene, he's on a train to the mainland. From the mainland, he 'll be taken by boat to the island with the lighthouse, Janus Rock. The mainland is actually a small, picturesque village. After getting off the bus, Tom starts walking towards the village when he sees a girl on the shore. For some reason, Tom feels a little strange seeing her. The girl also looks at him. There are officials who manage Janus Rock . Tom first meets them. Then the girl he saw on the shore arrives. She tells him her name is Isabelle, and Tom tells her his name as well . Other than that, nothing else happens between them. They all sit down and have dinner. Then they tell Tom that the lightkeeper who was on Genesis Rock before him often experiences hallucinations. The problem is that it's a deserted island, where the lightkeeper has to live alone. A person who spends his days alone is bound to have a mental breakdown, and there's a chance of hallucinations . They further explain that the lightkeeper is currently undergoing treatment. Until he returns, they'll have to take care of the lighthouse and report everything. In the next scene, they take Tom on a boat and leave him at Genesis Rock. Tom can't make contact with the outside world . In an emergency, he can only contact his superiors via radio . Such are the restrictions of this job. Anyway, work must be done . They leave Tom on the island and depart. With only a lighthouse and a small house to live in, Tom begins his life at Genesee Rock . He often stares out the window, sometimes walks the shore, sometimes works as needed. Sometimes he cuts trees, and sometimes repairs any problems in the lighthouse. Three months pass quickly. Then, one day, some people from the mainland come and take Tom with them. They tell him that the previous lightkeeper at Genesee Rock, for whom they had been waiting to return, is no longer alive. Therefore, Tom will have to make this job permanent, meaning he will be able to stay at this job for the next three years. First, he is asked, "Are you ready?" Tom signs the contract, saying, "Okay, I'm ready." After two days, Tom will have to return to Genesee Rock. Then, Tom remembers Isabelle and goes straight to her house. Her mother opens the door. Tom tells her, "My job has been made permanent." She's overjoyed to hear this. But Isabelle knows perfectly well that Tom has come to inquire about her. So Isabelle's mother invites Tom inside, and they all have dinner together. Her mother asks, "Son, you're going to James Rock tomorrow, right? So what do you plan to do today?" Isabelle quickly replies, "Hey, Tom promised to come on a picnic with me." Everyone agrees, "Well, that 's great." But Tom suddenly looks at Isabelle in shock, as he hadn't even spoken to her before. Tom doesn't say anything, but he understands that Isabelle wants to spend some time with him. In the next scene, the two of them sit together on the beach, talking about many things. Isabelle asks, "How big is that?" How do you manage to live on the island? Don't you get lonely? Tom answers in just two or three words, "Yes, but what can I do? I have work to do." But Isabelle keeps talking . Tom enjoys listening to her, friends. Then the sunset comes. Isabelle explains, "Both my brothers were soldiers, but they died in World War I. You're a soldier too, right?" He says, "Yes, so where are your parents? My mother passed away, and I don't know about my father. I'm alone right now." She continues, " Will you take me to that island too?" "No, no, I can't take you . According to the rules, I can only take my wife." Isabelle quickly says, "Okay, then marry me." Tom laughs. "Oh, I know you're joking. Because if you're serious, there's no one more stupid than you. Who would want to marry a man like me?" Then they both leave . Isabelle says, "You'll definitely be lonely there. So do one thing, keep writing to me. I'll write to you too." The next day, Tom leaves for Janus Rock, and the first thing he does is start writing to Isabelle. "Dear Isabelle, every day, every night, whenever I look out at this desolate sea, I look for you. I think you're waiting for me on that shore. I chose the job of lightkeeper on Janus Rock to stay away from humans. In this war, my family and my friends all perished before my eyes. Only I survived. I was dying day and night because of this Guild. That's why I longed for a world without humans, and when I found such a world in this job, I readily accepted. But now I don't want loneliness, nor am I alone. Those conversations with you echo in my mind. And I think of you all the time. Thank you for coming into my life, becoming the cure for my loneliness." After writing all this, he sends a letter to Isabelle, and she is delighted to read it and responds. She also sends a photo of herself. She writes, "Even living alone there has alleviated your loneliness. But I live with so many people, yet I feel lonely here without you. I constantly wonder when you'll come back? When will we talk again." Through such letters, their love deepens. One day, Tom proposes to Isabelle. She and her family agree . They get married on the mainland. The villagers live like family, friends, and celebrate their wedding with great pomp. Then, Tom and Isabelle move to Genesee Rock. It was Isabelle's first time setting foot on the shore, and the place seemed beautiful to her, as if it were made just for Tom and Isabelle. Their life begins full of happiness. Isabelle loves playing the piano. But even though they have a piano here, she can't play it because it's broken. These friends also raise chickens. At night , they spend the night stargazing and talking. Isabelle becomes pregnant some time later, but they don't tell her family or anyone else on the mainland. They keep it to themselves. Isabelle says they'll tell her when the baby is born. No one can come here anyway. Four months pass. One night, a massive storm hits, and the lighthouse must always be on. So Tom sets off for the lighthouse, which is near their home. After his departure, Isabelle suddenly experiences stomach pains . She tries to inform Tom via radio, but the signal is blocked by the storm. Finding no other way, Isabelle somehow manages to make it to the lighthouse entrance. She screams, but Tom can't hear her over the noise of the storm. The next day, when Tom emerges from the lighthouse , poor Isabel is lying there unconscious. She's lost a lot of blood. Yes, friends, the poor woman had an abortion. They bury the baby at Janus Rock . Isabel had dreamed of having a child, of having a small, happy family. But that dream was shattered. Tom says we should go to the mainland and see a doctor and tell your family . But Isabel refuses, saying people will then say all sorts of things. We won't tell anyone. I don't even want to go to a doctor. Then, friends, one day Tom brings some people to Janus Rock. Upon seeing them, Isabel knows Tom has definitely brought a doctor, and she becomes angry with Tom, saying, "How many times did I tell you that I need you?" She refuses to see a doctor. Angered by this, Isabelle goes and sits on a mountain . After a while, she returns home to vent her anger on the doctor. It turns out the doctor Tom brought wasn't a doctor, but a piano repairman. She apologizes, "Sorry for making false accusations against him." So their lives go on. Just fine. Isabelle becomes pregnant again, but now she's afraid she might have a miscarriage. So she 's very careful with everything. But this time, she starts having stomach pains. She's terrified. She says, "I don't want to lose this baby. Tom, please do something." Tom encourages her, "Don't worry, nothing will happen to our baby." But who could have prevented something from happening? This time, the baby is aborted. Poor Isabelle is devastated. Her second pregnancy was ruined, too . After this, she speaks very little to Tom. Tom thinks Isabelle is in shock over losing her child and that she will recover on her own. So he goes about his daily routine . But Isabelle is lying at the spot where the two aborted babies were buried. Suddenly, a baby cries out. Isabelle thinks it's just her imagination. Meanwhile, Tom sees something in the ocean approaching Janus Rock . He looks through his binoculars and discovers a boat approaching. He immediately comes out and calls out to Isabelle, who also runs to see. They see that the boat contains a newborn baby and a man's corpse . Isabelle immediately picks the baby up and brings her home. She dresses her in one of the clothes she had made for her unborn child, caring for her as her own daughter. After two abortions, she now feels like a gift from God. But Tom says, "Look, understand this. We can't raise someone's child like this. I have to report everything that happens on this island. Otherwise, I'll face government action." And what about that man's body? Isabelle says, "Look, that boat came here. There was a baby girl and a dead body in it. No one knows about this except us. Let's do one thing, let's bury the man somewhere here and set the boat afloat. No one will know. Then you can report that I gave birth to a child." Tom doesn't find Isabelle's idea appropriate, but for Isabelle's happiness, he doesn't report it . Then, they bury the man's body somewhere on the shore. Then, as they're about to push the boat out to sea, they notice a toy of the girl lying in the boat. So, he takes it out and keeps it. Then they set the boat adrift . They then inform the villagers that Isabelle has given birth to a baby girl. With government permission, Isabelle's parents come to see the baby. They are very proud that Isabelle gave birth to a baby girl without any assistance . A man accompanying them sees the toy-like appearance of the baby. Everyone is overjoyed that Isabelle has become a mother. Tom also becomes attached to the baby girl, and she begins to grow up on the island. Both parents take great care of her and raise her with love and affection. So they name her Lucy. So what happens next? Tom is given a few days off and then he returns to Mail with Lucy. First, they take a nice family photo. Lucy's grandparents are overjoyed to see her. Then they go to church to have Lucy baptized . But it seems the church isn't open yet. They wait for it to open . So Tom sees a woman in a nearby cemetery. She's crying profusely in front of a grave. After she leaves, Tom goes to look and discovers that the woman's name is Hannah. It's actually her husband's grave. Tom is shocked to see the man's death date on it, because it was the day after Tom and Isabelle found the boat Lucy was in. This means the body must be Hannah's husband's. Perhaps Lucy is Hannah's daughter. But because Hannah couldn't find the boat or her daughter, she assumed both her husband and daughter had drowned in the sea . That's why a grave has been built here in her husband's name. Tom feels so sad, so guilty, thinking, "What have we done? I and Isabelle took a mother's daughter from her." Lucy is then baptized. Everyone is overjoyed, but Tom is deeply troubled. He searches the village for Hannah. Actually, Hannah comes from a very wealthy family. However, she fell in love with a German man and married him. They were happy and had a daughter. But during World War II, the locals considered Germans their enemies, and because Hannah 's husband was German, they falsely accused him. This led to a riot . Hannah's husband escaped in a boat to save himself and his daughter, and then you know what happened. In the present, the villagers tell Tom that the man and his daughter might have drowned in the sea after being caught in a storm . But Tom knows that only Hannah's husband died. The child is alive and is being raised in Tom's home as his own child under the name Lucy. For a moment, Tom again considers revealing the truth. But then he sees Isabelle at the church window, smiling at him. Now, poor Tom is trapped. If he tells the truth, Isabelle's happiness will be taken away from him. He restrains himself, saying, "Let's not tell." In the next scene, the two return to the rock . But before leaving, Tom had left a letter near the grave, saying, "Your daughter is safe with us. Don't worry." Tom had left this letter to soothe his guilt and comfort himself. But Hannah takes the letter and gives it to the village sheriff, telling him, "My daughter is alive and someone is raising her. Please find her." Hannah's wealthy father announces a huge reward for anyone who finds her daughter. Hannah's hopes are rekindled, thinking, "If her daughter is alive, she will surely find her." She remembers the time she spent with her husband. The next scene shows Lucy now grown up and very happy on the island. Tom, after finishing the task, becomes even more attached to Lucy than to Isabelle. He immediately plays with Lucy. Isabelle holds her in high esteem, loving her so much. In the next scene, they return to the mainland, where a church function is taking place. Hannah is deeply saddened by the loss of her husband and daughter. Tom sees Hannah again and begins to regret his actions. After the function, Isabelle is holding Lucy, when Hannah and her sister come to check on her. Seeing Lucy, Hannah feels very uneasy and leaves. Hannah's sister tells Isabelle that Hannah's husband and daughter were traveling on a boat, but they were probably caught in a storm. They have been lost. We have already assumed they died. If Hannah's daughter were alive, she would have been about Lucy's age. Perhaps that's why seeing Lucy reminds Hannah of her daughter and she becomes a little sad. Please don't mind. Only then does Isabelle realize that Lucy is Hannah's daughter. Feeling deeply guilty, she immediately takes Lucy to Tom and tells him. Tom asks, "What should we do then? Should we confess the truth?" Isabelle replies, "No, no, no, it's too late now. We can't separate Lucy from us. I can't live without her. What's done is done. We should go home immediately." In the next scene, the two take Lucy and leave for the rock. But Isabelle doesn't know that Tom had sent Lucy's toy to Hannah's house before leaving . Seeing it, Hannah immediately informs the police. They immediately publish her photo in the newspapers, warning anyone seen with such a toy in Lucy's possession. Seeing the ad, a man who saw Lucy's rattle informs the police. In the next scene, the police leave for Gene's Rock, and Tom sees the boat approaching through his binoculars. He immediately goes and tells Isabelle that the police are coming. "Don't open your mouth. I'll tell them it was all my fault. Don't get involved in this." Isabelle begins to pester him, demanding, " Tell me the truth. How did the police find out? Did you tell anyone?" Tom wrote the letter and sent the flax rattle to comfort Hannah. But because of his actions, he himself is about to get into trouble. Just then, Sherif arrives and begins his interrogation. But Isabelle is playing with Lucy outside, afraid that these men will take Lucy away from her. Sherif will never be able to play with Lucy again . There, Tom tells Sherif the truth, and he takes them to the place where he buried Lucy's father's body. The three are then taken to the mainland, where Tom had told them everything. It was her fault, so now they're going to jail Tom. Lucy breaks down in tears when Tom leaves. Isabelle also goes to the jail to see Tom, but there they try to separate Lucy from Isabelle. They say, "She's not your daughter, but Hannah's." But Isabelle replies, "No, no, she's my daughter." But they forcibly take the child away . Poor Isabelle breaks down in tears. Her husband is gone, her daughter is gone. Lucy cries profusely, calling Isabelle "Mother," and now Isabelle's cries can be heard in every corner of the jail . Tom hears this and is deeply saddened, realizing he may have made a grave mistake by giving Hannah that hint— that toy and that letter—and taking away Isabelle's happiness. I don't know why, but Isabelle seems to go mad. She begins to hate Tom and leaves the jail without even seeing him. Tom is then interrogated. They ask, "Did you kill Hannah's husband?" Tom tells Tom, "No, I didn't kill him. When I found him on the boat, his body was lying there. The baby was alive." But his statement is not believed, and he is accused of murder. Lucy is handed over to Hannah, who has decorated a separate room for her in her house. But Lucy refuses to come inside. Hannah tells her, " Son, I am your real mother." But no, friends, for Lucy, Isabelle is her mother. Meanwhile, Tom sends a letter for Isabelle. But Isabelle is so angry with Tom that she doesn't even open it, leaving it in her desk. Then Isabelle goes to the shop, and Hannah brings Lucy there. Upon seeing Isabelle, Lucy hugs her, calling her "mother." But Hannah, however, becomes irritated and snatches Lucy from her. Then she goes to see Tom and asks, " Why did you do this?" Tom tells her the truth, "My wife got pregnant twice and had abortions both times. The poor woman was devastated, as if she had no purpose in life. Just then, a boat arrived at the shores of Genesee Rock. Your husband was lying dead on board, and your daughter was crying. I couldn't bear it. I made a decision to raise her as my daughter. Isabelle tried to dissuade me, saying, 'We should inform the authorities.' But I didn't listen to her, and I buried your husband at Genesee Rock." Isabelle felt incredibly guilty, but I encouraged her, "This is your daughter now. You raise her. Isabelle is innocent. It's all my fault, and I'm willing to face the consequences of my actions. So, I urge you to let Isabelle see Lucy. Lucy is everything to her. She won't be able to live without her." Now Hannah believes her friends and lets them meet Isabelle. She takes Lucy home and cooks dinner for her. But when dinnertime comes, Lucy isn't home. Hannah immediately calls the police . They check Isabelle's house, but Lucy isn't there either. Everyone is now busy searching for her. Night falls, and they find Lucy sleeping on the mainland's shore. She's grown up looking at the lighthouse at Genesee Rock since childhood, and she misses it terribly. The lighthouse at Genesee Rock is visible from here. That's why the poor girl came to the shore, staring at it. But suddenly, she falls asleep. They pick Lucy up and give her to Hannah. Hannah understands that Lucy misses Isabelle terribly. And then she makes a big decision. She goes to Isabelle's house and says, "I can understand your pain." You and Lucy can't live without each other. That's why I 'm ready to give Lucy to you forever . I know it wasn't your fault because Tom told me he did all this. You had no role in it. Tom will now be transferred to another prison. When he's gone, I 'll bring Lucy back to you. Isabelle is overjoyed that she's going to get Lucy back. But on the other hand, she also feels guilty. Because it was Isabelle's idea to bury Hannah's husband and not report Lucy to the authorities. And it was her insistence that Tom was doing all this, bowing to her head. But the poor guy lied about everything, saying he told her to do it, and took the blame so Isabelle could be happy with him. Now Isabelle opens and reads the letter he sent from prison . I mean, the letter Tom sent from prison says, "Jabel, I know you're going to be very angry with me. But what can I do? My conscience." It doesn't let me sleep peacefully. It haunts me day and night that we can't bear to be apart from a child who isn't ours. So imagine the condition of the mother who gave birth to her. We didn't even give birth to her, yet we became so attached. And imagine the mother who gave birth to her. How that mother must be suffering after losing her child. That's why I had to do all this, but I'm not sad at all because I found the happiness I wanted by being with you. If you weren't there, I would probably be dying of loneliness. Lucy is still my daughter to me, and I love her very much. But if I love anyone more than her, it's you, Isabelle. So don't worry about me, and please start a new life. Always be happy. After reading Tom's letter, Isabelle realizes that for Lucy, Hannah is her mother. She will take care of Lucy. But Tom has no one else in this world except Isabelle. How could I lose Tom for Lucy's sake , and why should he suffer the consequences of my crime? Thinking this, Elizabeth immediately goes to jail . But there, she learns that Tom has been transferred to another prison. She immediately runs to the shore and sees Tom being taken away on a boat. She runs and hugs Tom and begins to tell the authorities the truth. Tom refuses, but Isabelle refuses. She explains that Tom repeatedly told her to report the girl and the dead man to the authorities. But it was Isabelle who refused to do so because she wanted to adopt the girl, and because of her insistence, Tom didn't tell anyone. Hannah's husband was dead. Tom didn't kill him. Now, even friends understand that this couple, yearning for a child, raised Lucy as their own daughter. Beyond that, they committed no crime. Hannah's husband, Lucy's father, was already dead. Therefore, Tom should not be punished for her murder. So, Tom is released, but he is forbidden from seeing Lucy. Lucy grows up in Hannah's home, and because she is so young, she quickly begins to forget Isabelle and develops a strong bond with her. Twenty years later, Tom and Isabelle are living alone. They have no children. Isabelle dies due to an illness. Then, Tom truly feels alone . But he embraces this loneliness. What can he do? One day, a car pulls up near his house. Tom goes outside and sees a woman. She says, "I want to meet Tom and Isabelle. This is their house, right?" Tom says, "Yes, but who are you ?" She says, "My name is Lucy." And how can I describe the joy that comes to Tom's face upon hearing this, the way his body blossoms? She says, "I am your daughter, Lucy, Papa." Hearing the word "Papa" refers to her, she feels like her life's purpose has been fulfilled. She says, "Papa, I have brought you a gift. Lucy has become a mother, friends, and this is her son. This is your gift, Papa." Tom is overjoyed and takes Lucy and her son inside. Then, emotionally, he explains, "Your mother, Isabelle, is no longer with us. But she was absolutely sure that one day you would come to see us. And then she wrote a letter to give to you ." He says, and hands Isabelle's letter to Lucy. Lucy reads it. Isabelle has written, " If you received this letter, it means, son, I am dead. But I am not worried about death. Because you are reading this letter. You have come to see us. You have not forgotten us." I didn't carry you in my womb, but I held you in my heart until my last breath. It was only because of you that we had the joy of becoming parents. And if you hadn't come into our lives, we would never have had that joy. That's why I want to thank you. But I also want to apologize for two things. When you came to us adrift in that boat at sea, I should have taken you to your mother. But I didn't. Forgive me for that. And second, when you were taken from me, I didn't try to get you back. Forgive me for that too. But I believed you would be safe and happy with your mother. It was that belief that brought us both to live here, so far away from you. Tom and I are alone. But your memory will always be with us. Lucy starts crying after reading this . Then she picks up her son, hands him to Tom, and tells him to hold on to the child. Tom cries, holding her hand. "Tell me to spend this moment with him ." Isabelle is gone. Both are so happy to see their grandson. Then Lucy leaves with her son and asks, "Dad, can my son and I come here often ?" Tom replies, "Lucy, this is your house. You can come there whenever you want. I'll be really happy if you come." Lucy, overcome with emotion, hugs Tom and leaves . Tom sits outside his house , watching Lucy's car drive away . Then the sunset occurs. Lucy is like the sun in Tom's life. Friends, it's setting there, and here Lucy is drifting away from him. Just as darkness descends everywhere after the sun sets, so too does Lucy's departure, a kind of darkness descends upon Tom's life. But still, he accepts life as it is . He's glad that at least Lucy hasn't forgotten him. She'll keep coming back here . And in the hope of her coming back again and again, he decides to continue his life. And with this hope, the movie, The Light Between Oceans, ends here . It's a nice movie, isn't it? It's fun, man, to explain such movies . If you enjoyed it, please like and share. Thanks for watching.

  Top Comments:
  1. @mahavirdubey1004 [1 likes]: ❤❤❤ ❣️💗
  2. @CineFyxTv [1 likes]: Ya letter kaise bejta tha daily postman ata tha letter leny😂😅
  3. @audiance9545 [1 likes]: Rula diya aar
  4. @ChiranshuJain-k4v [1 likes]: Beautiful ❤
  5. @madhulikamallick1722 [1 likes]: Bahut acchi movie thii 😭😭 aap kitne acche se explain karte ho..
  6. @dailyvlogs7926: Jb luci ne "papa" kaha tb mere aansu nikal gye fir last tk ro kr hi suna sb bohot hi achi movie hai😢 😢😢
  7. @Manjujaiswal-m6z: Asu aa gye
  8. @StarAngel-n8u: Rula diya 😢😢😢
  9. @HiteshTiger-pj1gj: Ek man baap ki aisi hoti hai jo Apne bacche ke Sukh aur dukh mein hamesha Sath rahte hain 🙂🙂☺️
  10. @karankumargupta377: Mujhe Laga ki yah channel South Indian movies ka explanation ke liye hai
  11. @Inyoureyes123: WAH WAH WAH SUPER MOVIE ❤😢
  12. @mutubikramrana8262: Good ❤
  13. @KhalidHasan-ck2hz: Most useless story
  14. @ShaistaHyder-o7e: Very nice story
  15. @aminahmedb35: ❤❤
  16. @Ayesha-yn8tc: Very nice story 😊
  17. @AsifBhai-rw5nj: Letter ✉️ kon  ly kr aata
  18. @ShyamlisKitchenMarathi: Nice voice and impressive narration.
  19. @mumpeyang4372: 😢😭😭😭
  20. @BlackRockYoutube: ❤

- No Engineer Could Fix the CEO's $2M Yacht — The Single Dad Janitor Did It With a Paperclip.: Kind: captions Language: en Victoria Hayes's $2 million yacht died in the middle of the most important evening of her professional life. 12 engineers stood in a ring around the frozen control panel, each one quiet, each one unwilling to touch the system that had simply stopped responding. The tension aboard was absolute. Then a man in a maintenance uniform stepped forward, Daniel Brooks. He said almost nothing. He crouched down, pulled a small paperclip from his breast pocket, and within 30 seconds, the entire vessel came back to life. But what made Victoria go completely still had nothing to do with the ship. Daniel Brooks was 32 years old, and if you saw him on the dock at first light, you would see only what you were meant to see. A man in a gray uniform pushing a mop across the polished teak, invisible in the way that working people so often become invisible in places built for the wealthy. He moved methodically, without hurry. And he never lingered near the yachts he was not assigned to clean. The marina where he worked was one of the most expensive on the Eastern Seaboard, a place where 12-m vessels rocked gently against their moorings, and the people who owned them rarely learned the names of the people maintain them. The ratio of dollars to decency ran in a particular direction here, and everyone understood it, even the people who preferred not to say so. Daniel had been at the marina for 2 years. In that time, he had earned a reputation for being quiet, reliable, and almost entirely forgettable. His supervisor trusted him because he showed up early, worked late, and never complained when someone assigned him the worst jobs on the shift, the bilge cleaning, the hull scrubbing in January, the overnight watch on the week of the high wind advisory. His coworkers liked him in a mild, distant way. He was polite. He kept his locker clean, and on Fridays he sometimes brought a small tin of oatmeal cookies to the break room. He never talked about himself. When people asked where he had worked before, he said over in the sound with a vagueness that discouraged follow-up, and they took the hint. What none of them knew, what no one at that marina knew, was that Daniel had spent the better part of a decade as a marine systems engineer, certified in electromechanical control systems for mid-range and large-scale vessels. He had commissioned three yachts, overseen the complete refit of a 120-ft charter boat, and once diagnosed a hydraulic fault in a vessel's stabilizer system that two other engineers had spent 11 days failing to locate. He had been good at it, better than good. He had possessed the kind of diagnostic instinct that could not be taught from a manual, the ability to listen to a machine the way a doctor listens to a patient, not just for the obvious signals, but for the absences, the hesitations, the things that were almost but not quite right. Then his daughter was born, and 6 months later his wife left. And the firm he worked for became entangled in an accident that should have ended a senior colleague's career. Somehow, in the way these things sometimes go, Daniel's name ended up in the wrong place on the wrong report, and the career ended his instead. He did not fight it. He had a newborn and no reserve for prolonged battles. He accepted the settlement, moved somewhere smaller and quieter, and eventually found his way to the marina where no one asked too many questions and the work was honest and the hours were predictable enough to plan a child's life around. Chloe was six now. She was small for her age, with her father's eyes and a way of asking questions that consistently caught adults off guard. She spent her after-school hours at the marina on the days Daniel could not arrange a sitter, doing her homework on an overturned crate near the supply shed, watching the big boats with a kind of attentive appreciation that looked, in a child so young, almost like professional interest. She cataloged the vessels without being told to. She could identify 12 different hull designs by sight, and had strong opinions about the relative aesthetic merits of ketch versus sloop rigging. She had once asked her father whether the really large yachts were more complicated than cars, and when he confirmed that they were, she had nodded and said, without any doubt at all, "So you could probably fix them if you had to." It was not a question. It was a declaration of faith from someone who had watched her father fix almost everything that had broken in their apartment over the past 2 years, and had drawn the only logical conclusion. Daniel had not known how to answer, so he had handed her a juice box and changed the subject. Victoria Hayes did not know any of this. Victoria Hayes did not spend much time thinking about the people who cleaned her vessels. She was the CEO of Hayes Maritime Logistics, a company she had built over 15 years into one of the more formidable regional freight and charter operations on the coast. She was 40, precise, and deeply allergic to anything she could not measure or control. She ran her company the way she ran everything in her life, with documented procedures, performance metrics, and a reflexive skepticism toward anything that relied on instinct or luck. She did not believe luck existed. She believed that preparation was either sufficient or insufficient, and that insufficient preparation was always traceable to someone's failure. This belief had served her extremely well. It had also made her difficult to work for, difficult to argue with, and on certain occasions, difficult to help. She owned the Meridian, $2 million of custom German engineering, as much as a business asset as a personal one. She hosted contract signings aboard it, entertained clients, and occasionally conducted negotiation dinners in the main salon when she wanted the other party slightly off balance. The Meridian was part of her apparatus, and she expected it to function. Victoria Hayes and Daniel Brooks had shared the same stretch of dock for 2 years without exchanging more than four words total. The contract that evening was worth $140 million over 3 years. The client was a consortium of regional port operators who had been considering Victoria's proposal for 8 months. The dinner was the final step. She had planned it with the same attention she gave quarterly earnings reports, the menu, the crew uniforms, the salon lighting, the precise order in which documents would be introduced and signed. Every variable she could anticipate, she had anticipated. The one she had not anticipated was the relay, the Meridian's integrated navigation and power management system, the network that coordinated propulsion, lighting, climate control, and onboard communications into a single supervisory architecture went silent 40 minutes before the guests were scheduled to board. Not a gradual failure, not a warning. One moment the system was fully operational, the next, the primary control panel was dark and unresponsive. The backup panel cycling through an error sequence without resolution. The marina's head engineer arrived within 10 minutes, two of his staff close behind. They were joined by a pair of technicians from the systems manufacturer's regional office, who had been reached by emergency line and driven over in something close to a controlled panic. Then two independent contractors arrived, specialists that Victoria's operations manager kept on retainer for exactly this kind of situation. 12 engineers in total gathered around the panel like physicians around a patient who had stopped breathing for no reason anyone could locate. They ran diagnostics. The diagnostics returned clean. They checked the power supply. Stable. They combed through the software logs line by line, looking for an error flag, a corrupted process, anything that could explain what was happening. There was nothing. The system appeared, by every measurable indicator, to be perfectly healthy. It simply was not responding. Victoria stood at the salon entrance and watched. Her phone showed the time, 50 1 minutes until the consortium's lead representative was scheduled to arrive. She had spoken to her operations manager twice in the past 20 minutes. Both conversations had been short. He did not have answers, and she did not have patience for long exchanges without answers. 48 minutes. Daniel was 20 m away, working his way along the dock with a broom, clearing the fine salt residue that gathered at the base of the cleats after a high tide afternoon. He had noticed the cluster of people around the Meridian when it first formed. He had registered the vessel's make and class, German-built, mid-90s design, updated avionics package, the kind of integration retrofit that always introduced small mechanical vulnerabilities when contractors rushed the installation to meet a launch date. He recognized the pattern in how two of the engineers were moving, the slightly too rapid button sequences, the way one of them kept checking the same display screen three times in a row. It was the behavior of people searching for a software problem that wasn't there. He recognized it because he had seen it before, and because the particular combination of symptoms on that panel, total unresponsiveness with clean diagnostics, pointed very specifically to a category of fault that no software tool would ever find. He kept sweeping. The head engineer, a man named Carter, who ran the marina's in-house maintenance team, finally said aloud what several of them had been thinking, that the only remaining option was a full system reboot, requiring a complete shutdown of primary and secondary power to the entire vessel. The process would take approximately 40 minutes to complete safely, and 45 to be conservative. The guests arrived in 47. It was in the silence after Carter's suggestion that Daniel stopped sweeping. He stood still for a moment, listening carefully to the only mechanical process still running aboard the Meridian, the ventilation system, sustained by its own separate emergency circuit. He heard it. A faint, irregular tick, slightly faster than the ventilation cycle, the kind of sound that did not appear on any diagnostic readout because it was not electrical in origin. It was physical, a relay contact slightly off its seating, closing and opening a fraction of a millimeter short of full engagement. Not enough to trip an error code, enough to prevent the supervisory control signal from completing the circuit it needed in order to initialize. He repositioned himself a few feet closer along the dock, appearing to continue his work. He listened again. The tick was consistent. He knew exactly where the relay bank for that class of retrofit was located. Behind a secondary access panel on the starboard interior bulkhead, low and behind the main electrical conduit routing, in a space that no service technician would check first because it did not appear on the primary maintenance schematic. It was the kind of location that revealed itself only to someone who had worked on that specific generation of retrofit architecture, who knew where the corners had been cut in the original installation documentation. He stood there for a moment, weighing things. He could say nothing. Carter would proceed with the full reboot. The guests would arrive to a dark vessel. The contract, $140 million, eight months of work would be in serious jeopardy. That was not his problem. He had a job, and his job was the dock. And the dock was clean. He had made a quiet life in this quiet place, and the central feature of that life was that he did not draw attention to himself. He had learned at considerable cost what attention could do to a person. He heard Carter say, "I'll pull the power sequence sheet." Daniel set his broom against the nearest cleat and walked toward the gangway. "Maybe a mechanical contact fault," he said to the nearest engineer, his voice low enough that only two people heard it. "Not a software issue." Carter turned. He looked at Daniel's uniform, then at Daniel's face, and something shifted in his expression, not quite contempt, but the particular cousin of it that emerges when a credentialed professional is offered an opinion by someone they have categorized as a cleaning person. "This is a restricted work area," he said. "I can hear a relay cycling wrong," Daniel said. One of the manufacturer's technicians produced a short, involuntary laugh. Carter's expression settled into the blankness of someone who has decided not to engage. Victoria had heard the exchange from the salon entrance. She crossed the deck in six steps, heels precise on the teak, and looked at Daniel, really looked at him, possibly for the first time in two full years of shared proximity. What she saw was a man in a gray maintenance uniform, holding nothing, no tools, standing among a group of engineers as though he belonged there. "Stick to your job," she said. Her voice was not loud. It did not need to be. Daniel held her gaze for a moment. Then he gave a single, small nod and turned back toward the gangway. He was three steps down the dock when he became aware that Chloe was watching him. She had been sitting on her crate near the supply shed, homework open in her lap, silent throughout all of it. When her father turned to walk away, she met his eyes. The look on her face was the kind that 6-year-olds produce without intending to, unguarded, wondering, quietly disappointed in the way that only someone who believes in you completely can be disappointed. Daniel stopped. He stood on the dock for 4 seconds. He counted them. Then he turned around. He went back up the gangway, moved through the cluster of engineers without making eye contact, and went directly to the starboard interior bulkhead. He had the secondary access panel open in 15 seconds. Behind the conduit routing, exactly where he knew it would be, was the relay bank, a row of 12 mechanical switches. The third from the left, he could see the misalignment without a measuring tool. The contact plate had shifted a quarter of a millimeter off its seating, barely perceptible, entirely consequential. The fault develops when a vessel pitches in certain sea conditions, and the installation torque on the relay housing is 2 ft lb short of specification. The relay had probably been marginal since the day it was installed. Daniel reached into his breast pocket and removed the small paper clip he had carried there for 12 years, out of a habit he had never quite broken. He used them to tag entries on the dock maintenance clipboard and had simply kept one on his person out of the same quiet consistency that defined everything else about how he moved through the world. He straightened one end, slid it through the relay housing access port, and applied a light lateral pressure, not enough to force anything, just enough to guide the contact plate back to its correct seating position. He felt it settle. A small, definitive click. He waited. For 30 seconds, nothing happened. The panel remained dark. The engineers behind him were silent in the particular way of people who do not understand what they are witnessing and have not yet decided whether to be skeptical or alarmed. Then the Meridian supervisory system initialized. The panel came on in stages, status lights first, then the primary display cycling through its boot sequence, then the secondary systems following in order, navigation, climate, communications, propulsion monitoring. The salon lighting shifted from emergency yellow back to its normal warm gold. The engines, suspended since the failure, returned at idle with a low, steady hum that traveled through the hull and up through the deck into the soles of everyone standing on it. The yacht was alive. Daniel closed the access panel, stood, straightened his jacket, and walked back through the group without looking at anyone. He retrieved his broom from the cleat, moved to the next section of dock, and resumed working. No one spoke for a long moment. Then Carter said something quiet to one of the manufacturer's technicians, and the technician responded using the phrase contact fault in the tone of a man explaining something he had naturally been weighing throughout. Victoria had not moved. She was looking at the access panel Daniel had just closed, then at the dock where he had returned to his broom. Something had shifted in the set of her jaw and the stillness of her hands, and she was working to contain it. She was very good at containing things. She was not entirely good enough. 39 minutes before the consortium arrived, Chloe came running up the dock and wrapped both arms around Daniel's waist. She said, just quietly enough for the two of them, "I knew. Ba, I always knew." He held the back of her head with one hand and said nothing. Victoria watched this from the stern rail. The expression on her face, in that unguarded moment, was not an expression that belonged to a CEO. That evening, after the consortium's representatives had arrived, signed, and departed, the $140 million contract secured without any awareness on their part of how close the evening had come to failure. Victoria asked her operations manager to pull Daniel Brooks's personnel file. What he brought her was thin. Marina employment records, a standard background check covering the previous 2 years of verified work history. Prior to the Marina, the file was effectively blank, not in the way that a quiet life leaves no trace, but in the way that a person's record appears when someone has been deliberate about what remains visible. Victoria made two phone calls the following morning, framing each question in the careful way she had developed for inquiries she wanted answered honestly rather than confirmed. By noon, she had what she needed. Daniel Brooks, licensed marine systems engineer, certification lapsed. Previously employed by Coastal Marine Technologies for 7 years. Three formal commendations in his file during that period. A documented history of complex diagnostic work on integrated control systems, including the exact class of retrofit architecture installed aboard the Meridian. And then, 4 years ago, an incident, a mechanical failure aboard a vessel during a client demonstration. An investigation. A findings report naming Daniel Brooks as the engineer of record responsible for the faulty installation. He had accepted the finding, signed the acknowledgement, surrendered his active certification without contesting the process. The other engineer on that project had been a man named Gerald Holt. Gerald Holt was currently employed as senior technical director at a competing marine engineering firm. He had delivered a keynote address at a regional maritime conference 11 months ago. His certification was current. His record was clean. Victoria sat with this for a long time. She had a particular relationship with facts. She trusted them absolutely, which also meant trusting the discomfort of facts that complicated pictures she had already assembled. This set of facts was deeply uncomfortable. She knew, without requiring further documentation, what the actual shape of that situation had been. She had seen the pattern before, in other industries and other contexts. A junior engineer absorbs a finding that belonged to someone senior. He has a newborn. He has no appetite for a prolonged fight. He signs. He disappears into a gray uniform somewhere quiet, and he does not complain, and he does not explain, and years accumulate. She thought about what she had said to him the evening before, in front of the engineers and the dock and his daughter sitting on her crate. "Stick to your job." She put down the file. She did not have a comfortable category for what she was currently feeling, and that was itself a disorienting experience. Two days later, she found him at the dock before anyone else had arrived. He was hosing down the gangway of a 40-ft sailboat, unhurried, not looking up. "I want to offer you a position," she said. "Not maintenance. I need a consultant, someone who understands integrated marine control systems at the level you clearly do. The Meridian's retrofit has serviceability problems I've spent a day and a half beginning to document. There are likely more. I want someone to go through the vessel properly and give me an honest technical assessment. She paused. I'm also in conversations about acquiring two additional vessels in the next 18 months. I'd want informed input before finalizing those purchase agreements. He listened without interrupting. When she finished, the silence was measured. I appreciate that, he said. But I spent years building something in that field. And when it mattered, the field made very clear what it thought I was worth. I don't have any desire to return to a version of that. He reached for the hose. The engineer who filed that report, Victoria said, was Gerald Holt. Daniel went completely still. I've reviewed the maintenance log sequence from that incident, she continued. I'm not going to pretend I can undo what happened. And I'm not offering this as compensation for something I had no part in. I'm offering it because you are the most technically capable person I've encountered in a very long time. That capability is going to waste. And I find that difficult to simply accept. The silence stretched. From somewhere down the dock came the sound of a pelican landing on a mooring post. Water against the sailboat's hull. A line of morning light traveling slowly across the teak. Daniel did not answer. He set down the hose and walked to the end of the dock, where he stood with his hands in his pockets and looked at the water for a while. That evening, Chloe sat beside him at the kitchen table while he looked over the marina's maintenance schedule, a habit, something to do with his hands. She was drawing on the back of a permission slip from school. She did not look up when she said, "That woman came to talk to you today." "She did," Daniel said. A moment passed. "You didn't say yes." "No." She looked up then with the particular directness that was entirely her own. "Are you scared of going back?" she asked, "or did you already give up on it?" He looked at her for a long time. He did not answer that night. Three weeks later, Victoria was midway through a presentation to a group of port authority representatives when her operations manager appeared in the conference room doorway. She excused herself. The Meridian had been moved two days earlier for routine bottom cleaning. When the cleaning crew restored the vessel to its slip and reestablished power, something in the restoration sequence triggered a cascade fault in the primary electrical distribution board. A small fire had started in the electrical compartment. The suppression system activated correctly, no injuries, no structural damage to the hull, but the distribution board itself was destroyed. She stood in the hallway and did the arithmetic she did not want to do. The port authority meeting was concluding a 6-month process that, if successful, would allow Hayes Maritime to expand into two additional terminals, the largest growth initiative the company had undertaken in a decade. The consortium representatives who had signed 3 weeks ago were due for an onboarding tour aboard the Meridian in 4 days. The manufacturer's regional office had confirmed they could have a technician on site in 72 hours. 72 hours was not 4 days. She put the phone in her jacket pocket and walked out through the building's side entrance. Daniel was on dock seven replacing the rubber gasket on a dock cleat fitting, not technically his assignment, but the kind of small repair he addressed when he noticed it needed doing because that was how he worked and always had been. She did not approach him the way she had before. She walked up and stopped and said, "I need help." Not as a client or an employer, as someone who is out of options and doesn't know who else to call. He looked at her. She was not performing anything. That was different. The Meridian's primary distribution board failed. I have 4 days before a critical client tour and 72 hours before the manufacturer sends a technician, which is too late. The pause that followed was brief but visible. I'm not asking you to go back to anything. I'm asking you to come look at a problem. Silence on the dock. Water, wind, the distant sound of rigging. Daniel set down the cleat fitting. He thought about Chloe at the kitchen table, permission slip in hand. The difference between being afraid and having surrendered. "Show me the vessel," he said. What followed over the next 31 hours was not dramatic in any conventional sense. It was methodical. Daniel worked through the Meridian's electrical architecture with the kind of focus that requires not just technical knowledge, but a particular ship with complexity, the patience to hold an entire system in your mind simultaneously and find the path through it that others miss because they are reading the schematic instead of listening to the machine. He located the cascade fault's origin point in the first 2 hours. He identified two contributing factors that the cleaning crew's restoration procedure had inadvertently introduced procedural gaps that were not in any written guideline because no one had considered the interaction. He sourced replacement components through a supplier network that did not appear in Hayes Maritime's vendor directory because no one at Hayes Maritime had worked with anyone who knew it existed. He had the distribution board rebuilt and independently tested in 31 hours, 3 hours before the manufacturer's technician arrived. Victoria was present for much of it. She had learned, watching him work 2 years ago on a dock she had never thought to consider, that the correct way to be present for someone like Daniel was to stay close enough to understand what was happening and quiet enough not to interrupt it. She watched the way he moved through the problem, quiet, systematic, confident without any need to announce the confidence. She watched him stop midway through a diagnostic to explain a finding to one of Carter's junior staff members, not because the explanation was required, but because the junior staff member was curious and Daniel saw no reason not to answer. He spoke as if the knowledge belonged to anyone willing to pay attention, as if there were no particular value in keeping it close. On the morning of the second day, she brought coffee down to the engine compartment. He accepted it without looking up. "The incident report," she said, "I referred the inconsistency in the maintenance log sequence to the licensing authority. I don't know what they'll determine, but the record is there now." He set down his tool. He looked at her for a moment. Then he looked back at the panel. "Thank you," he said. When the port authority representatives arrived for their tour, the Meridian was fully operational. Victoria walked them through the main deck and the salon, and at a certain point without advance notice to her operations manager, who would later describe the moment as professionally alarming, she stopped her prepared remarks and introduced the man standing at the helm console completing a final navigation calibration. "This is Daniel Brooks," she said in front of seven port authority officials and her own senior staff. He has worked with this vessel's systems more effectively than any engineer I have formally employed. He is the reason this tour is taking place today and the reason these vessels will continue to operate the way they should." "His exact title is something we are still working out together." Daniel did not look up from the console for a moment. Then he did. The port authority representatives received this with the mild, courteous interest of people who had not been aware there was a subtext. Carter, near the gangway, studied the teak with careful attention. After the officials departed, Daniel came to stand beside Victoria at the stern rail. The water behind the marina was green and still. He had the paper clip in his hand. He had been carrying it in the same breast pocket for 3 weeks without quite deciding why. He set it on the rail between them. Victoria looked at it. She picked it up and turned it once in her fingers. "I should have proper instruments ordered for you," she said. "I already have tools," he said. She set the paper clip back on the rail. The title question. "I meant what I said. Whatever structure works. Consulting arrangement, advisory role, something else. I'm not interested in a category that doesn't fit." He considered this. The water moved against the hull. From below the gangway came the sound of and small footsteps crossing the dock and a homework folder unzipped with the characteristic decisiveness of someone who had done this 400 times. "Let's start with the assessment work," he said. "The Meridian first. Then we'll see where it goes." Victoria nodded. There was more that could have been said, she was aware of that, and so was he, but neither of them was in a hurry. There had been 2 years of quiet patience on one side and considerably more years of controlled certainty on the other. And the space between those two things was not going to be resolved in a single afternoon on a stern rail. It would take the form of early mornings and problems approached honestly and small, unceremonious gestures, and it would take whatever time it required. Chloe appeared at the stern rail before either of them said anything further. She positioned herself between her father and the woman standing next to him, looked at the paper clip on the rail, and without preamble picked it up and turned it over in her fingers the same way Victoria had slowly, with assessment. "This is what fixed the whole boat?" she asked. "This helped," Daniel said. Chloe studied the paper clip with the grave seriousness of someone conducting a formal evaluation. Then she set it carefully back on the rail. "It's very small," she said, not as a criticism, as a matter that required acknowledging. Victoria looked at the paper clip, then at Chloe, then, briefly, at Daniel. "Sometimes," she said, "the smallest things are the ones that fix what everything else missed." The sun was going down over the water. The Meridian rocked gently in its slip, fully alive, its systems running cleanly and without interruption. The dock was quiet in the way it became at the end of the day, when the water settled and the rigging stopped moving, and the whole marina seemed, at last, to exhale. The paper clip sat on the stern rail between them, catching the last of the light.

  Top Comments:
  1. @leonardzlotogorsky4190 [1 likes]: Avionics, by definition, is for aircraft and the like. Not for boats, ships or marine vessels. You got it right the first time around and there was no reason to throw in “avionics” just to make to sound advanced.
  2. @LostHope-y1p: This one changed everything… but it’s not the only one 👇
My Playlist  SINGLE DAD STORIES 
https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PL_laydQJaRpabmN1fHA1QsH8zYbxswilF&si=CgP5Fhb3HqnVtKOI

- Hurricane Dorian death toll tops 40, hundreds remain missing: Kind: captions Language: en floodwaters have finally receded on the island of Grand Bahama for residents of this part of the country this means coming to terms with the devastation left over from Hurricane durian on the eastern end of the island more than 80 percent of homes were destroyed this high school near Freeport's tourist district has been transformed into a shelter for the displaced many here have lost everything to the hurricane even their loved ones for me I lost my husband and because he decided to stay back home from what I've seen and heard everything that's like completely gone so you know you know being up there on your life you don't know any place else but about 80 people are staying at this shelter Freeport remains without electricity and the heat is almost unbearable but there is food and water and doctors on-site to provide medical attention to anyone who needs it well I really thank God for life right now and I thank all for the US Coast Guard's and everybody you participated you guys now you know bringing us food and clothes and water and stuff yeah man search operations continue for hundreds of people still missing but the destruction from the storm is so widespread that even with the assistance of the United States Coast Guard and Border Patrol there are still places in the country that rescue teams have yet to reach one of the biggest challenges in delivering disaster relief to survivors of Hurricane Dorian has been limited access to the area's worst hit by the storm only up until a few days ago this airplane for example along with Freeport Airport were sitting under at least two meters of flood waters it's been several days since the storm passed many of the people we've met seem to still be in shock but nonetheless grateful to be alive - depalo al jazeera Freeport Bahamas

  Top Comments:
  1. @refkamurati676: Allahu Akbar!!!. Tutto ciò?. E troppo  poco !. L'umanità non si accorge ne anche , di  aver superato ogni limite !!!.

- Bahamians lash out at government over disaster response: "We are on our own": Kind: captions Language: en and we continue our coverage of Hurricane durian officials in the Bahamas expect the number of people killed from the hurricane to rise significantly the storm is blamed at this time for more than four at least thirty deaths so far and thousands of people are reported missing search and rescue missions around the clock continue and to get a sense of the devastation take a look at these images from space that shows some of the hardest hit areas of the islands before and after durian struck the US Coast Guard says it's rescued more than 200 people so far CBS this morning lead national correspondent David Begg know is in the country's capital of Nassau David you traveled with a group delivering aid to one of the Bahamas barrier islands yeah we traveled with chef Jose Andres who is feeding people look by now you've seen the images of the devastation I want you to hear the stories that's what's so important here that will convey to you the type of humanitarian crisis that continues this morning and is only getting worse the chef had a seat on his helicopter it was packed with food he allowed us to go with him here's what we saw we took off from Nassau with a helicopter full of hope so much water fruit and food that some of it was nearly in chef Jose Andres his lap he wasn't mad about that he was unhappy with this piece I blame myself today things go well we're gonna deliver 7500 meals but for me this is powerful what we are supposed to be doing already the first place we landed was Green Turtle key and the Abaco Islands people were waiting as the chef's offloaded food we went to ask people what they need homes homes she yelled in this community of about 550 people it looked as though most every structure was either damaged or destroyed including the food stores and that is why the delivery from chef Ondrea Sui matters and he didn't just bring food from here the chef headed for treasure K he landed on a tennis court and was welcomed with caution this right here right now has only been allowed to be used so far for Coast Guard this help there what we set up here was for emergency evacuations they didn't know him and the man in the orange shirt wanted his business card the chef walked over to the community center and asked them what they need for this community of about 1,500 people to cook before leaving we asked volunteer fireman Greg Johnson to assess the conditions for people getting violent angry upset and we're trying to get our government officials if you guys do see this please come down here and show your faces we need you guys to show your faces here so the people could understand and know that you guys care at this point in time we are on our own and the u.s. is the only place that is helping us okay on top of that let me just say this what you saw in that in that piece really conveys what is going on here there's there's no real leader sort of in the field so the chef is landing wherever he can find a spot and people there are sort of taking on leadership roles and the chef said to me yesterday I've been asking the government tell me where to go tell me where you need food to be delivered and I'll go there specifically but he says as of right now he's not getting an answer so he's going wherever he hears food is needed landing and trying to give it out at they'll take it Jericka Wow David beg no force in the Bahamas thank you oh my gosh the desperation confusion on the ground then in the aftermath of the storm like this and he said you saw it right there at David's piece in that moment what do you need homes yeah yeah yeah yeah

  Top Comments:
  1. @billyblazer80 [5 likes]: "The only people who are helping us, is the USA". Thank you Mr. President, and your awesome administration.  I'm sure the people of the Bahama's won't soon forget, all you are doing to help.
  2. @marleneclark4444 [4 likes]: Well I am glad the US is helping. Now we will all start donating.
  3. @2Oldcoots [3 likes]: "The USA is the only one helping us".  Where are Hillary and The Clinton Foundation that helped Haiti?
  4. @eazyboyfresh [3 likes]: Do not give to the Red Cross trust me learn from Haiti
  5. @new2dayuser151 [2 likes]: Destroy the people and their homes. Keep all the money that's flooding in from all over the world!! Hand out food and water keep everything else. Connect the dots. This happens all the time.
  6. @nikkibrookhart699 [2 likes]: The U.S is the only one helping? Where is England? My heart hurts for these people. It's like the government said, forget you! If everyone that had the means could get together n do what this chef is doing maybe it could help more of these people. I've never heard of this chef before..what a great human being. We need more like him in this world.
  7. @nicolemarie3037 [2 likes]: I wish I could help! God Bless these people 😢🙏✝️
  8. @MsAureUSA [2 likes]: "And the US is the only one helping us".
  9. @ronalove4421 [2 likes]: Rebuild with Cargo Container homes folks.  Google Cargo Container homes 👈
  10. @aponirayn9099 [1 likes]: We need more people with a heart like Chef Andres. This is what others is all about.
  11. @shawnbiers2506 [1 likes]: So sad
  12. @MayaRain-eg2oh [1 likes]: You fellas are too black for Trump!!..hes too busy golfing
  13. @kourtlandperry1698 [1 likes]: The us are not helping they actually created the catastrophe to take your land #HAARP
  14. @aliciareckley1115: Chef  Andres is a God sent.
  15. @solerf13: The bahamian government is garbage
  16. @missmusicdiva: How are all these famous people donating money but yet those people are still down there without anything but yet you see the chef there making things happen?😠 all the money they're donating should be helping to relieve some of the stress of what they just went through but all I see is the chef there. Smdh😠 if I had money like that I'd be there like the chef is instead of saying" I donated money", to the media. OMG my heart goes out to all those people. Sending prayers from the most holy that they can rise above the tragedy. 😭🙏
  17. @angelicwolf909: The guy in the orange probably wanted a business card so he could sue the chef latter for landing on the tennis court and damaging it or something.  It is idiots like him you end up having to work around when the SHTF.   BTW ... make sure the kids aren't snatched up by the usual suspects and end up as underage sex slaves on some other island!
  18. @mysterioustravels4305: Where are the rich people who's going to Bahamas to have a luxury vacations? These are times that you need to support this people though..
  19. @Longhairnevercared: GOD BLESS THE CHIEF 🙏
  20. @rayisraeljudah840: U.S. helping you so you can become a citizen and asset this is proof why we need to come together so we dont need to ask for help from government we depend on them they only helping cause the world watching and its agenda behind it uncle sam dont help nobody without getting something in return Father Yah i pray for those Families especially the children my heart goes out for Shalawam Shalom Blessings

- Bahamas Reef Claims a VICTIM | Navigating The Devil's Backbone!!! | EP37: Kind: captions Language: en I have some shocking news for you guys this morning. We're splitting up. [Music] Harbor Island in the Alras has been coined the playground of the rich and the famous. And in this episode, we find out why. Wow. From the beautifully manicured properties to the pink sand beaches, elegant dining options, and multiple super yacht marinas, this place has a serious vibe. What? The island has beauty and allore like you would not believe. It is an incredibly unique spot and we can't wait to show you around. If this is your first time here, then welcome. Give me 15 seconds and I'll catch you up. I'm Nathan. I'm just flabbergasted right now. I don't know how this all happened. And this ravishing beauty is the jelly to my peanut butter. Lindsay. Together, we cast off status and possessions, moved into a 300 ft boat, and set off into the unknown. This wild dream of traveling the earth via her oceans is only made possible by you. So, thank you for being here and we truly hope you enjoy the film. You guys, this is perfect. God, this is the best day. Good morning and welcome back to this week's episode of the 71%. We are in the northern side of Alra. We just left Spanish Wells. Now, we just came just around the corner and we anchored last night because we are doing the Devil's Backbone today. If you don't know what the Devil's Backbone is, it's just an area where there's a bunch of reef and you have to sneak your way through it to get into Harbor Island. That is a playground for the rich and famous. We've never been, so we're going to take in check it out ourselves and show you guys as well. So, go hang out with the rich and famous. Yeah, we're probably going to meet like, I don't know, like Michael Jordan or something. probably. So, if you're not a boater, basically what the Devil's Backbone is is it's a very narrow area where you have coral reef on one side that's going to screw up your boat and a beach on the other side that's going to screw up your boat. And it's pretty narrow. Going through the skinny one of them. There's like three or four pretty sketchy spots. So, this is all reef. Like all of this would take you out right in here. And there's a couple of narrow sections to be able to get into this arbor. The nice thing is is the boat's really slow. And the crappy thing is the boat's really slow. So, it's like it's really slow to react. That means that if you are going a wrong direction, you need to go change your direction. You have to you have to premeditate it. Yeah. Anywhere in anything that's green, you're done. Okay. So, you're just going to toss it. Take off. Spill the beans. Nathan wanted to get drone footage of the devil's backbone. And I don't usually fly the drone or mess with the drone cuz I'm scared that I'm going to drop it in the water. And he told me that I just have to hold it out and then throw it out so it doesn't hit the side of the boat. I said toss, not throw. Yeah. Well, I didn't know how hard to throw it. Toss it. And I threw it too hard. I tossed it too hard and it hit my thumb and it went in the water. Drone down. Honestly, it's my fault. Number one, I should have not put her in that position because I was like the one of the first times. It's the first time I think that she's ever done it. But I was navigating the devil's backbone and I didn't I was trying not to do too many things at once. And number two, I know that Lindsay always goes too hard in the paint. So when I said toss, I should have known that she was going to chuck the thing like a freaking 90 mph fastball. Like I should have explained it. It's my fault. But drone down. Don't worry. That happened to be a replacement drone from when I ran the drone into the side of our last boat. So we actually had a spare because I got one under warranty. So that was our spare. So, don't worry. We're still going to have drone footage for the rest of our Bahamas adventure, but we're down a drone. And you're okay, right, babe? Yeah, I'm good. Lindsay has got a digit that's just got a little tiny cut on it, but it is bleeding pretty good. I guess the devil's backbone did have a casualty. Okay, the devil's backbone has been navigated. If you're coming in here and it seems daunting, the reality is if the weather's fine, it is super easy. Just follow the magenta line on the Explorer charts and you have no problems. Like that was a piece of cake. However, if the weather is inclement, then you know you're going to have to keep your head about you because if you get any opposing wind to current and you start the bow starts moving around and you have a hard time steering, you don't have a lot of room. Otherwise, honestly, it's a non-event. It's no big deal. So, I mean, don't underestimate it, but also don't be scared. So, we're just coming into the bay at Harbor Island. It's actually Man Island, Jacob's Island, and then Harbor Island um kind of make up the barrier um to this like protected bay. I found out that the H is actually not pronounced. It's Arbor Island. Arbor. And sometimes it's Bryland. Just take the the H A R out completely. Just Bryland. Yeah. All right. Playground for the rich and famous, as they say. We are here. Anchor's down. I am starving. It's like 1:00 and I haven't eaten a lot. So, we're going to go straight in and have some lunch and then do some town exploring. So, we're just doing a little bit of exploring around Valentine's Marina, and they actually have a lot here. I literally just found a coffee shop. Definitely not something I expected to find in the Bahamas. We had amazing um like a tuna stack at the restaurant, a little appetizer, and now we're just walking around exploring the island a little bit. Okay, Lindsay. Fun fact, I love cool doors and cool windows. Look at this cool door. Who lives here? Okay, we just tied up the dinghy at Ramora Bay. You guys, Arbor Island Breeland is legit, you guys. There's all kinds of like really cute Victorian little like bungalows here. That place had a pool with like had pink accents all over the place. And then I had a pink VW bus just like sit next to the pool. You guys, I love Victorian bungalows. They're so cute. I love them. You don't love them. I'm sorry. I'm just picking on her. I took the camera because I'm filming Lindsay's reaction to the pink sand beach. I've never been to a pink sand beach. Yes, I know. Is it pink? Yeah. You can't tell it's pink? No, that was a dud. I mean, she can't tell that it's pink. It's beautiful. Like, this is an amazing beach. It's pink. Is it? Yeah. Is this pink? Close enough. I was expecting this to be like when you look out it to be a light pink. It is a light pink. It's not that pink, you guys. Total fail. Total fail. Penny, for your thoughts. This place is awesome. This is my favorite place so far. This is amazing. The look at these chairs and those seats and the coral painted and the sconces and the marble bar top and the tile and the umbrellas. One thing I just want to me is they even have mocktails. Thank you. You're welcome. Oh man, this is so good. Babe, I want you to tell the people what the bartender told us we should go have for breakfast tomorrow. Well, I asked him where a good place to have breakfast was. And he's like, we'll tell you a local place. And I could tell he was looking at us like, I don't think you're going to like it. And I was like, oh yeah, tell me a local place. And he starts talking about it. And it turns out it's Sheep's Tongue. Would you ever try that? I mean, I would try it. I don't think I'm going to go seek it out. I am not adventurous with food. I'm adventurous with life experiences. I think probably cuz I just grew up kind of sheltered with food. Um yeah, I'm not going to try the sheep's tongue. You guys, they've done some amazing landscaping. It's also like It's also like golf cart mayhem around here. Like no rules. Oops. What' you do? Private dock. Oops. Couldn't see the back of them. Lindsay is going to the beach and I'm going someplace else. So, she's going to take you to the beach and I have no idea what I'm going to do, but it's going to be way more exciting than the beach and I'm going to take you wherever that is. We'll see about that. Okay, we're off. We're going to go get some brunch first at where where are we going? Arthur's Bakery. Arthur's Bakery here in Harbor Island. So, we're going to go do that first and then we're splitting up. Should that be the title of the video? We split up. Clickbait. This is Chad. Got our main man Chad over there. Freaking hooked us up. We came rolling in. He recognized us and was like, "Here, take my golf cart so you guys have a way around town." That was so stinking nice. Such a kind person. That's awesome. Thank you so much, Chad. We owe you one. Yeah, definitely. Look at all the golf carts. 2748. This is it. This thing is sick. This is sick. Look how nice this is. We're going to cruise the entire town here. This is great. This is so How do we give him his keys back? I don't know. So, we were going to Arthur's Banking that they would have breakfast foods and it was lunch only. We are headed to a different spot. We're actually headed to the beach, which I was going to go to anyway. So, That's nice. Wow, look at this jungle. And then it pops out to the water. These resorts on Harbor Island are so beautiful. like unbelievable. Wow. I'm going to learn how to play back gamon. We're going to swing by Bob's grocery store. Is it called Bob's? Yes, I believe so. There's something on me. But we got a little uh change up in the plans because Lindsay was going to go to the beach today and I was going to go do my own thing, but then at lunch we ran into Bobby from Sailing Doodles and him and his buddy invited us over to go what what are we doing? We're going to swim with turtles and stingrays apparently. But these turtles, I guess, are so used to people. I guess they're almost so tame that they'll come eat right out of your hand. Captain Bob's Marketplace. Let's scope it out. We actually did pretty good at Captain Bob's. Not bad. This is golf cart mayhem. Yeah, we got a guy pulling his boat out of the water, which is fine. behind him. That's what he's got to do. But like trying to get through all the golf carts with his boat on a truck and trailer, it's quite interesting. It's going to be interesting walking down to that dock with all of this these groceries when we weren't even really supposed to park at that dock. Yeah. What are they going to do? All right, headed over to meet Bobby and the crew. Going to the turtles. [Applause] One of the famous doodles. We're just so blessed right now. There's just turtles absolutely everywhere and it's just absolutely gorgeous. And then you have this gorgeous thing right here with her mask on. How was your turtle experience? That was awesome. This is fun. This is super fun. We're blessed. We're feeling very blessed. We are having a great day. Good morning. Good morning. You guys are not going to believe this. So, last night we parked the tender to go put trash and do stuff. And we came back to the tender and there was a note on the tender. We thought for sure it was a parking ticket because it was like sticky note. Basically, we were sure it just said don't park here because Harbor Island's not super wonderfully cruiser friendly. And the note said, "Found a drone in the water today. We're staying here. Here's my number." And I'm like, "What?" I'm thinking to myself, how did somebody snorkeling in the devil's backbone, like randomly find our drone in all of this water and then how did they know it was our drone? There was no footage on it. And then even if they did know it was our drone, how did they know that that was our dinghy? I'm like just like what are the odds? Like I'm just flabbergasted right now. I don't know how this all happened. So, I'm going in to get our drone from this gentleman, which is very kind of him to track us down, but I got to know the story. These are the guys that found our drone. Thank you guys. Appreciate it a ton. Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you as well. That was crazy. Yeah. Sure enough, they don't even know who we were, which I mean, obviously, like that's fine. Nobody. We're It's a small channel. But like I thought for sure that they were subscribers or something and they recognized the boat and the dinghy because they watched, but nope. They had no idea we had a channel. That makes it even more crazy. Like he said that they were spearing and one of the parts fell off their spear and they were diving to try to find the part for the spear and they found the drone. And then there was a couple of videos on the memory card which worked and they pulled it up and they found the boat. They saw the boat and then they saw the boat at anchor and they went to try to reply or return the drone at anchor and we weren't there and they came back to the marina and our our tender was there and they recognized the tender from on top of the boat cuz we didn't have a cover on it. That's crazy. We are headed right now to go snorkel. We're going to go up to Man Island, I believe it's called, which is just the next little Oh, man. next little island up. There's a a shallow water little uh coral there that we're going to snorkel and see what's going on. And then probably we're going to go grab some lunch uh at a new spot and take you guys with us. So, but it is going to be a great morning. Let's go snorkeling. See what's underwater at Harbor Island. Well, Man Island technically, but whatever. I'm excited to get my fins back on. You know, I like to have those bad boys on. I feel cool. Okay, just got done with the first snorkel and we were headed to the second snorkel spot and we spotted this beach and Lindy said, "Ooh, can I go put my feet in the sand?" You know, I like that. It's Man Island here, people. Here you are. That That's where we are, man. Man Island. Oh, man. So, spot number two was cool, and this is why. For the first time since we got our spears, I saw a Nassau grouper, which happens to be the only fish that we know for sure that we can spear and eat. But, but didn't have your spear. I didn't have my spear. And he cruised away pretty fast. I stalked him for a while from like reef to reef, but then he took off way further and I lost him. Snorkel spot number three. Definitely the winner. That's on the other side of Harbor Island. We weren't going to go and then Lindsay's like, "Let's do it. I'm enjoying the dinghy ride." I don't know how many miles it was, but it's a good bit. Let's see what Lindsay thinks. There was huge starfish. There was a whole bunch of different types of coral. There was a whole bunch of there. Nathan saw two Nassau groupers. I saw one. There were some barracudas down there eyeballing me. Lindsay, we need to know what song the barracuda sings in his head. You guys, we're headed to dinner, but Lindsay's got all kinds of anxiety because there's like three things on the counter in the boat. Oh, are you kidding me? Look at all this laundry around. There's crumbs, dishes in the sink, you guys. It's embarrassing. She said, "Do you have any idea how much anxiety I get leaving the boat like this?" Like seriously, guys, it's it's really not that bad. But we are going to have some dinner. We have no idea where we're going. We're just going to go find something. And of course, we got our buddy Chad's golf cart, so we can just cruise around and check places out. Doesn't she look beautiful, folks? A thanks We're there. Where are we? Where did you make us come back to? The pink mermaid. As long as she's happy, right, people? As long as she's happy. right, now back to the boat. Clean up. I bet you Lindsay is probably going to want to clean up the dishes and stuff a little bit since she had anxiety when we left. Yeah, we got to clean up a little bit. All right, you guys. I'm headed back to Coral Sands. I'm going to get a day pass. and just hang out by the pool and hang out by the beach or on the beach. Swim in the water and just have a relaxing day. Well, I have to say this is pure bliss. I just need to show you guys. Let me just show you where I'm at right now. I just sat down and I like couldn't even contain myself. I had to bust out the camera and talk to you about this. But look at this. It's my amazing little spot on the pink sands that are kind of pink. Not as pink as I thought. Definitely a pink hue. I'll give it to it. I'll give it to it. But look. All right. Just had a really nice lunch. Really good burger at Bar 480, I believe it's called. Lindsay, as I'm sure you guys know, is at the beach having a girls or girl relaxing day. This place is definitely expensive. It's not super cruiser friendly, but if you just want to come for a couple of days, spend a little bit of money, it is topnotch because I mean, service, food, everything is awesome. But just be ready to get your wallet out. All right, we're going to head back to the boat and uh tidy up and get ready for Lindsay to come back. This is truly a gift out here. So anyway, I ordered some lunch just now. I got some fish tacos, some mahi tacos coming and I'm super excited about that. You guys, this is perfect. God, this is the best day.

  Top Comments:
  1. @wayneadams2350 [1 likes]: Love your videos, please show more of your adventures  on shore,like film more restaurants. What the menus  are and prices. Thanks.
  2. @brendawalkerrupel9732 [1 likes]: You guys are awesome. Just the best!  I’ve enjoyed all of your videos.
  3. @Brett-s9z: I don’t know how you two do get get fried from the sun! Even with sunscreen
  4. @lorivigil7114: ❤❤❤
  5. @juliebrislin2013: Great vlog guys 🇦🇺x
  6. @kevinlowe8158: love watching your channel im kev from liverpool uk im buying a live aboard myself this year
  7. @BorossAngkor: Nice place!
  8. @RogerLohden: I’ve watched several sailing Chanel’s and you guys keep it upbeat and fun.(Thank You)
  9. @steveandtracysweeney3037: Question from a non boater.  How do you figure distance and fuel use.,  I know you keep a spread sheet.  But,  is fuel usage measured in hours??, knot miles??  i figure you've got a big fuel tank, but how far between fuel stops.??
  10. @patfort7734: I just wanna say    you two are   the sunn shine
  11. @sno_mouse1235: I would absolutely eat sheep's tongue. Can't be much different than beef tongue.
  12. @Jay.Trader.101: The row boat/dinghy icon on you map visual needs some honorary mentioning here. Nice touch... How in the world did they find your drone. I mean I know you told the story but that's so unbelievably crazy!
  13. @gwenschouten6532: Wow but God!! 🙌🙌🙌🙌👏👏👏🌹🌹❤️❤️.
  14. @Coxtoasten12: I can smell the money from the shore.
  15. @gordonblythe6753: Can you get your drone repaired?
  16. @bahamaguide: Hi was scrolling and saw this video what’s funny at 15:46 I am the guy you guys met on the dock at valentines marina.
  17. @bellavita3097: That’s where Anna Nicole Smith lived, and is buried. She loved pink.
Love your visor! 🛥️
  18. @chrisschoendorf6691: That’s white sand, not pink
  19. @ryanehlis426: Yes ND is very sheltered with food, but tongue is actually a very tender meat, Iv had beef tongue multiple times and it’s very good 👍
  20. @BillBorgo-k2c: Can you identify the three snorkeling areas near Harbour Island.  We are heading that way in our Neptunus 65 in March 2026.  thanks for any information.

- Living in the dark Measuring progress a generator at a time | Hurricane sandy Victims: Kind: captions Language: en welcome back we want to show you this live camera location we found in Manhattan because it perfectly shows A Tale of Two Cities as we pan to the right look at where the lights just stop and that happened at the height of the storm a power substation blew a lot of other things happened and the lights went out and it left us with lower Manhattan with no lights and Midtown and the upper reaches of the city where it feels like a Thursday night in New New York and walking from one of those worlds to the other is truly like going to another world as Harry Smith reports for us tonight The Sweet Sound of success that's amazing on Manhattan's East 11 Street between Avenue's B and C progress is measured one generator at a time the celebration for gener are working yay restaurant owner Maristella inen is the Block's unofficial mayor on duty day and night I've been through a lot of these storms before and it seems to me almost everyone those who help themselves are the ones who get out of it I'm watching you you were pretty much trying to help yourself all day today that's that's the only way that's the only way because if I have to tell you that I had other options no I didn't this one block in the city's East Village is a microcosm of New York a Melting Pot of income education and ethnicity on Monday night all felt sy's wrath first came the water then an explosion two blocks away at ConEd rocked the neighborhood leaving flooded basement and a huge mess to clean up we found one woman cleaning out her water log storage space by flashlight have you had moments in the last couple of days where the stress was just I've had a headache for about 3 days so yeah it's just kind of present Edwin Cruz brought an RV into the neighborhood and has strung power strips onto the sidewalk an act so simple it's downright heroic I'm 31 and all I want to do is to my mom and I'm going to get emotional again I I haven't spoken to her in two days so it means a lot to get it charged down the block a street preacher sings and plays songs of Faith here on East 11th people have begun to believe in each other New Yorkers are by Nature a fairly resilient lot every day here presents its own challenges and in this crisis that can do spirit is a necessity Ruben Mesa Henderson already has his restaurant cleaned up and ready for customers this is our little bar the only thing missing electricity last year we have Irene and then we we overcame and this year is a little harder we're going to be better after this I'm telling you yeah we're going to be better I'm sorry for you baby okay thank you longtime resident squeeze Leonard is doing her best to salvage the ruins of her flooded apartment excuse me thank you she and her boys are getting the job done but it sure would be nice to have a little help have you heard any response from the government from FEMA from anybody nobody's come to my door um hey FEMA come on down knock on my door at nighttime 11th Street has a different feel it's a little Eerie being in the blackout Zone especially when you look at the sky we're in the section of the city that has no power but there's so much light in the part of the city that does have power it reflects up into the sky and there's more light in the sky than there is on the street so this is what it's like so this is what it's like Melissa shirtz has a nanny who lives in a sixth floor walk up she's spending her nights reading by candle and flashlight cured up with her dog Duchess do you feel safe I feel extremely safe my neighbors who I barely spoke to before this happened we all have an open door policy now a relative newcomer to New York she didn't love this city until the storm came my neighbors have been wonderful and I've you know we've barely even met before and it's it's just like it's true in times of Crisis people come together so it's been great I go to sleep with my door open as the days turn into nights goodwi and Good Humor have been an almost sufficient substitute for electricity but even Maristella is starting to run out of power are you starting to get a little frustrated I'm very frustrated very frustrated no help from anybody only my husband and I and a few uh friends and and guys that work with us willing to help that's it you know that's the only thing but one place did get help from a here to for unknown us entity Wednesday afternoon we watched the cleanup efforts at a neighborhood haunt called Evelyn incredibly they opened in time for Halloween in particular we had help from the United States bartenders Guild the New York Chapter hang on a minute yeah not the United States Marine Corps no not the United States anything the United States what the bartenders Guild yeah the New York Chapter and it's just nice to even have business on a night like this Harry Smith is with us from high above uh Manhattan and Harry it does strike me it takes a little bit of the thrill out of the upgrade from the iPhone 4S to the 5 without a charge it makes a really good skipping rock down your flooded uh City street doesn't it and oh by the way the service down there where there is no power because the repeaters can't can't be charged is really crummy too so there's a lot of people trying to figure out just how to get along I would say this Brian there's a certain reservoir of Goodwill and it's being spent day by day by day and quite honestly it's starting to get a little bit low yeah we sure are sensing uh that part of it as I said earlier the kind of mechanism of a civilized society has stopped running for a lot of people Harry thank you for chronicling life in lower Manhattan uh on a fourth straight Dark Night yes sir yeah I just need to get a shout out here where we have the halves and the have knots where the halves we need to thank the rare bar and grill for this Eerie perch tonight okay and the Yankees owe you some thanks after a less than illustrious postseason uh for showing the colors nonetheless tonight Harry Smith in lower Manhattan uh a bit later on the people you meet on the streets of New York during a crisis and what this particular couple was up to [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @lostindiancamp: Excellent book that nanny was reading.

- SUCCESS AFTER FAILURE - THE ANDREW WILSON STORY: Kind: captions Language: en businessman Andrew Wilson star equality Business Center more than twenty years ago and has much success our Laura Allen tells us about the story of QVC from a bohemian who believed he had something special to offer not only to the Bahamas but the world I was the street peddler in New York I came here and continuing in my tradition as a peddler on the weekends I would go into the marketplace to sell my craft [Music] I also apply that the Bahamas Development Bank for a meal to assist me in achieving my goals angel Wilson says the day's loan was approved it changes world forever he explained because others saw something special in him namely Warren roll the dent managing director of the Bahamas Development Bank he was able to fund his dream of operating his first company Sun craft limited over the years Wilson says he discovered a mentor enroll and today has decided to return that favor perhaps the best way I could give back is to do for young men what mr. ruhle has done for me recently Wilson dug deep into his pockets and has decided to offer a number of scholarships all totaling fourteen thousand dollars the students coming from a number of institutions say the funding could not have come at a better time and makes the difference in taking them that much closer to their goals of reaching success just like Wilson has you see the scholarship it means a lot to me because it would take definitely take a little for myself and my family in terms of paying for my education fine steady phone exposure just it's been a struggle fine guard pushing through they'll even struggling for the LOD now so they would help us schedule what I wanted to do is make a manufacturing company where I can manufacture my own tech technology and devices and stuff Leila staying true to his calling even in his golden years as a mentor role encouraged the students to continue to reach for the stars and to never stop until they touch their truest and highest potentials his words seriously and never give up learn from your mistakes take it yourselves and get going again those are the guys who make it as a special gift to rule who was also celebrating his birthday Wilson also donated a brand-new Smart TV as a way to say thank you to someone who helped him to achieve what at one time appeared to be the impossible success also on hand was Marcus Wilson the son of Wilson a current student at York University in Toronto Wilson says because of the belief roll had in his father he today is also able to pursue his passion and find his true purpose in life observing his dad becoming emotional he says was inspirational and made me feel happy just understand a situation as many years ago he was given a similar opportunity and he's gotten to the point where he's able to give out opportunity to other kids that were just like him reporting from the outback marathon mall Lloyd Allen Z&S Network News

- Recycling lake litter, Ugandan makes innovative tourist boat  | WION Climate Tracker: Kind: captions Language: en now a man in lazira Uganda has found a unique way to recycle Plastics by making a large vessel made entirely out of plastic waste and eco-friendly materials James katiba hopes his creation called floating island will encourage Recycling and littering in Lake Victoria take a look flowering plants rise as magically from Lake Victoria onto a wooden boat giving it a leafy Ambience that enchants many visitors the attraction becomes more compelling when tourists learn that the greenery emerges from an Innovative Recycling project thousands of dirt and crusted plastic bottles have been creatively used to Anchor the boat former tour guide James katiba started building the boat in 2017. he wanted to find a solution to dispose of tons of plastic waste ending up in the lake when it rains heavily she realized that the boat can also be an example of a sustainable business on the shores of uganda's Lake Victoria the floating restaurant and bar that could be unmoved to drift for pleasure but the vessel is uh anchored using codes attached to the mainland it's sitting on on a minimum of 10 tons of plastic bottles it could hold up to about 100 to 120 people in Comfort [Music] Africa's Lake Victoria the world's second largest freshwater lake which spans three countries is plagued by pollution including runoff waste sand Mining and a decline in water levels in part due to climate change layers of plastic waste floats near some beaches during the rainy season a visible sign of pollution that's a worry for fishing communities heavily dependent on the lake bottles are getting to Lake Victoria from run of water like when it rains most most times actually it's run of water that's not properly managed from from the mainland they end up in the lake and that's at times people you know just throw them you know carelessly as as they do they go to that day by day uh What katiba's boat has become a huge attraction for people who visit the island from various parts of the country his efforts for conservation is also paying off as the routes from the fig trees and shops provide a breeding ground for fish he has big island actually but I never heard anything like this in Africa special that in our using the bottles which I collected from the lake of Victoria yes which is a you know big plus because you're not only cleaning the environment but also you know you providing something unique very unique a similar project was launched in 2018 from the beaches of the canyon Coast involving building of a small boat known as the flip-floppy entirely from plastic waste collected from Sandy Shores and towns in 2021 the flip floppy went on a voyage of Lake Victoria in order to raise awareness about the pollution plaguing the Region's most critical freshwater ecosystem we will report Beyond world is one Leon is now available in your country download the app now get all the news on the move

  Top Comments:
  1. @BarbaraC02 [8 likes]: Love this solution! Excellent video, thank you.
  2. @abigailsilva6491 [4 likes]: Inspirador!
  3. @Cynocehali [1 likes]: Please cover the Canada China election interference scandal! There have been Chinese police stations in Canada that now police Chinese citizens. Communism has reached Canadian soil and our government is censoring our media. I use the VPN to find this channel and comment.
The Canadian government is so corrupt they are trying to do a private inquiry into the allegations.
The Canadian citizens are asking for a public inquiry which the government is refusing to do.
If they refuse to do so the truckers from the freedom Convoy will no longer be shipping food to grocery stores! Another protest is on the way and I hope that you guys can cover it and spread the word outside of Canada. The world needs to know that communism is spreading!
♥️ From 🇨🇦
  4. @कश्परैना: 🙏🇮🇳✌️🇮🇳
  5. @gailsaunders4796: Very innovative, well done. Education around the world re dispersing and recycling of refuse correctly will help tremendously. Also GET RID OF THE USE OF PLASTICS PLEEEEEAAAASSSE!
  6. @lazyscorpion3889: I trust my people. With the right leadership ugandans are innovative!! But that's exactly what they lack.
  7. @ArnethProductions: By this gospel you are SAVED  if you hold firmly to the word I preached to you. Otherwise, you have believed in vain.For what I received I passed on to you as of first importance: that Christ died for our sins according to the Scriptures, that He was buried, that He was raised on the third day according to the Scriptures.  ]1 Co 15:2-4 ]  For God so loved the world, that He gave His only begotten Son, that whoever believes in Him shall not perish, but have eternal life. [John 3:16]  Jesus said to him,  “I AM the Way, and the Truth, and the Life; no one comes to the Father, but through Me.  ]John 14:6]

ⓘ Playlist
  8. @joesmith-kq9oi: Nuke Russia and China! Half out problems solved right there.

- Ocean Cleanup Systems: Restoring Our Oceans | InnoVision Tech: Kind: captions Language: en ocean cleanup systems restoring our oceans the Great Pacific Garbage Patch is a stark example of the plastic pollution problem with over 5 trillion pieces of plastic floating in our oceans this pollution poses a serious threat to marine life and ecosystems to combat this Innovative ocean cleanup systems are being developed one such project the ocean cleanup uses floating barriers to collect plastic from the ocean surface while allowing marine life to pass safely underneath these systems work autonomously Guided by ocean currents to areas with high plastic concentrations the ocean cleanup operates on a simple principle passive collection u-shaped barriers are placed in areas like the Great Pacific Garbage Patch where currents Corral plastic into the system's Center for easy collection the systems are energy efficient requiring no external power once collected the plastic is transported to land where it is sorted recycled or repurposed into new products helping reduce overall plastic waste A major advantage of these systems is their scalability they can be deployed in large garbage patches and Nearshore areas where plastic is more concentrated smaller versions can be used in rivers to intercept plastic before it reaches the ocean with global deployment ocean cleanup systems could remove 90% of ocean plastic by 2040 restoring Marine environments and protecting biodiversity however cleanup alone isn't enough preventing new plastic from entering the oceans is equally important requiring Global efforts to reduce plastic production improve waste management and boost recycling combined with ocean cleanup Technologies these efforts can lead to cleaner oceans and a healthier planet

- This ocean-going drone is being touted as the next step in protecting our marine borders | ABC News: Kind: captions Language: en affectionately known as bob the blue bottle this ocean-going drone is being touted as the next generation of border protection it's the brainchild of a south coast doctor these drones are bristling with different sensors under the water and above the water so the idea is that if somebody comes illegally into our economic zone for fishing or for other purposes then they've got a good chance of being detected by these platforms powered by wind waves and solar energy the unmanned vessel is capable of patrolling vast distances without having to return to shore to refuel well there's a number of other ocean drones that you know can run for a limited amount of time at sea but the great thing about this drone is its endurance and its eco-friendliness earlier this year the company was awarded a 5.5 million contract by the department of defense to develop a fleet of six drones the team has been testing bob the blue bottle over long distances before building the rest of the fleet it's taken a couple of prototypes but the latest voyage between sydney and alledala has been a success now the ocs team will build five more vessels ready to roll out next year he's sailed really well which we have seen before but he to make the journeys barely spent any energy on the motor he's just been out of sale all along which is pretty awesome while on patrol the drones will also be collecting vital weather information sailing into cyclones to measure their intensity and even forecasting tsunamis you need people to go out in boats to do exciting stuff but there's a lot of dull and dangerous work that can be done by a robot with humans sitting safely at home drinking coffee going home to their families at night exploring new frontiers from a distance jessica clifford abc news aleda you

- 20 INVENTIONS THAT WILL CHANGE THE WORLD: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] in today's world we often find ourselves spending dozens of hours stuck in traffic jams each year the UN forecasts that by 2050 68% of the global population will reside in urban areas with this in mind how much worse can we expect traffic jams to become all in all it's high time we Embrace a new mode of transportation according to the creators behind Pegasus their solution is a helicopter equipped with wheels initially you can drive it out of your garage and onto the street just like a regular car but when you see congestion simply switch on the propeller and take to the skies on the ground the Pegasus can reach speeds of 120 kmph and boasts a range of 420 km it can stay airborne for 3 hours and Achieve speeds of up to 160 kmph looking ahead to the 2030s the company aims to manufacture 900 Pegasus units annually what do you think could they actually pull it off [Applause] in 2023 a whopping 13.6 million electric cars were sold all over the world marking a nearly oneir increase from the previous year this growth seems promising but many urban areas are struggling to adapt to the rapid influx of electric vehicles for instance authorities are grappling with how to install enough charging stations to meet demand as they Ponder this challenge a solution called go sun has emerged this solar power charging device has proven so popular that it raked in over $2 million in just the first 45 days of pre-orders who would say no to an extra 48 km of driving range per day plus the ghost sun is easy to install on your car's roof and can be deployed for use in just a minute photo kite Sigma drones are literally attached to a specific location with the tether they take off from their cases while dragging a power cable behind them they can climb up to 45 M and stay in the air for up to 24 hours this allows Rescuers firefighters police and other professionals to see much more and respond more effectively to threats the Drone can be launched and landed by anyone even if they have no technical knowledge all they need to do is press a button data from the photoart sigma can be displayed on a laptop tablet or smartphone thanks to Advanced software images from thermal and conventional cameras can be combined and sent up to 20 devices simultaneously the 16 times hybrid Zoom helps you see even the smallest details the T1000 from Terminator 2 was unafraid of damage because it was made of liquid metal when the movie came out in 1991 this seemed incredibly cool however now there are even more impressive Technologies available researchers at CID have created a polymer that behaves similarly if you cut it and then reattach the pieces they'll fuse Back Together by about 97% in Just 2 hours this creates a single strong and flexible material once again you don't need any special conditions the polymer can fuse together at room temperature this material similar to gummy candy is useful for the automotive construction and other Industries and it's only a matter of time before someone creates a T1000 like robot with it the teleporters from different fantasy books and science fiction movies are a fast way to travel from one location to another although we are still far from having magic Scrolls or devices like Stargate vario has developed a useful alternative instead of transporting people and objects Mario's teleport system moves locations from The Real World to the virtual one here's how it works to use vario teleport you need a smartphone with a special app that scans a room Street or any other space the app then reconstructs the scanned area and turns it into a virtual location that you can explore using a VR headset or a web browser on any Windows or Mac device if you're interested in trying out vario teleport you'll need an iPhone 12 Pro or newer and must sign up for Early Access by filling out the form on the company's website lifeless robots are once again taking over human jobs this time it's the street cleaners who are on edge the reason the freedom solar power team has developed a solar powered robotic vacuum has already been tested on the streets of Austin Texas collecting over 91 kg of trash in a single day it's called solar umber 4000 this massive machine has a diameter of 2 m requiring 600 W solar panels to operate it moves at a speed of 19 km/ hour and can carry up to 50 kg of waste ke to have this Wonder in your town reach out to the creators but you might want to keep your plans from the local street cleaners Sky Deck is a unique and pented concept for enhancing airplanes it can be used on any type of aircraft from small business Jets to large Lon haul airliners the idea is to install a transparent capsule with seats in the tail section of the plane allowing passengers to enjoy stunning views in comfort of course these seats will come at a premium price which will be good news for Airlines for added luxury on larger planes an elevator can be installed to access the capsule safety is also a top priority with Sky Deck designed to withstand bird collisions the company is currently in TS with a major Aviation component manufacturer and hopes to produce a batch of capsules that are ready for installation design and science have come together to create the IGS vertical farming technology the creators have already attracted significant Investments of $54 million and developed Advanced automation that doubles or even triples the yield compared to traditional greenh houses plus it requires half as much energy the technology involves building modular towers that can be controlled by smart hardware and AI algorithms making it easy for vertical Farmers to manage lighting ventilation temperature and other parameters The Towers also collect condensation and have a UV sterilization system with a height of up to 12 M there's plenty of space to grow not only greens but also cabbage and berries the next time you're stuck in traffic take a look around you'll probably notice that most cars have only one or two people in them did you know that just one bus can replace 155 cars however owning a personal car is often seen as a symbol of success it's like saying I make enough money to avoid public transportation but what if taking the bus became just as prestigious and even had the logos of luxury Brands like Audi or BMW designer Marco petravic explored this idea in the moving on challenge with the help of the Yano design team he created a six-seater electric capsule that runs on solar panels and follows a set route like a regular bus but how does this relate to top brands if Audi were to produce such capsules they'd likely gain even more popularity and secure additional contracts for Mass deliveries to cities around the world we're taking a look at simsoft the company that created a train driver simulator where something that looks like a giant microwave oven crashed into a realistic train cabin the simulator features virtual roots that are similar to games like train Sim World 3 but with added physical levers buttons and other attributes of a model train cabin the simulator can be configured for urban and Inter City railroads street cars and Subway the conditions on the route also change with weather conditions such as snow rain and dense fog as well as smoke and subway tunnels to make the simulation more realistic AI algorithms are used after a training session drivers can review recordings and analyze their mistakes in the right race for governor of South Dakota chrisy gnome stood out for her ability to handle the strong verbal attacks of her opponents she ended up winning the election and becoming the state's first female governor overall she's a very bright politician maybe that's why she once received a flamethrower as a Christmas gift gnomes showed it off on social media using it to burn a pile of cardboard boxes if you're interested the model is called the pulsefire L te it costs $630 weighs just 2.7 kg and can shoot Flames up to 7.6 M it's definitely a unique way to get voters attention and it's also pretty effective against Wheats Paris has recently become the first European Capital to ban the rental of electric scooters however people who enjoy mobility and thrills may start looking for new options such as electric skateboards or unicycles like the in motion E20 this model has a motor with a peak power of 900 WS allowing it to reach speeds of up to 20 kmph and travel up to 30 km on a single charge the built-in Bluetooth speakers let you listen to your favorite music while riding additionally the in motion E20 is the the most affordable model in the manufacturer's lineup costing only $400 the Archimedes wave swing is a wave Power Station designed as a boy it's anchored to the ocean floor and operates in a simple manner as waves push the movable section downward pressure builds up inside the boy once the pressure is strong enough it pushes the section back up and the cycle repeats during this process linear motion is converted into rotation and then into electricity during testing the station produced an average power of 10 KW and a peak power of around 80 KW the manufacturers plan to create units capable of generating 500 KW in the future the Archimedes wave swing Works effectively at depths of 25 M or more and it takes approximately 12 hours to prepare for operation after leaving the harbor the Brooker h90 is a highly specialized and practical tool for conducting remote hyperspectral analysis specifically it's designed to detect potentially dangerous Gases such as those emitted by non-compliant factories or during terrorist attacks the system can function effectively even from several kilometers away it's capable of pinpointing the origin size and chemical makeup of hazardous plumes Additionally the Brooker h90 comes equipped with a built-in camera that overlays hyperspectral data directly onto video footage this system is great at monitoring gases liquid droplets and particul matter all while operating at 16 scans per second researchers at the Chinese University of Hong Kong have created some helpful and amusing robots they took inspiration from snails specifically their ability to move and stop in any position but what is the purpose of this after all these robots are quite slow however don't speed up the video just yet take a look at how well they work together with a combination of a suction cup and two magnets tracks these high tech snails can attach to each other and build various structures for example they can create a bridge for larger robots to Cross or even make a robotic arm these capabilities could be useful for rescue teams let's wish the team the best of L did you know that IBM has already started a new era in Quantum Computing in 2023 they introduced the world's first modular quantum computer and its processor compared to the previous models IBM's Engineers have made significant improvements the new technology produces five times fewer errors and can handle the most complex math chemistry and physics problems while regular computers that take tens of thousands of years to solve these problems quantum computers can do it in minutes additionally IBM says that their new system Quantum system 2 and the Heron processor come with the advanced software kit 1.0 this software speeds up certain tasks by about five times when riding a motorcycle in the rain bikers have to manually wipe their vises which is inconvenient and distracting so why not create a small wiper for them similar to the ones found in cars that's exactly what the makers of biker guard did the cost of this wiper is $345 which may seem high but it's because the brushless motor used in it is very reliable and costs more than the Clon of biker guard available on AliExpress the quality of the wiper has been tested by the ailia racing team who were impressed by it Additionally the wiper design is waterproof and a full charge lasts for 15 hours the manufacturers are confident that this is the first truly functional product of its kind and offer a 3-year warranty artificial floating islands are often discussed as a way to clean and preserve the beauty of bodies of water the design is usually quite simple pieces of Pete with plants are placed on a polymer Matrix these islands can remove ammonia and phosphates from the water and often become a home for Birds one plant that is commonly used on these islands is Veta which has roots that grow up to 4 M deep in West Africa vertiva is traditionally put into containers of water to prevent bacterial growth drying grain quickly and correctly can bring several benefits it speeds up the ripening process reduces the activity of harmful microorganisms and extends the storage life of the Harvest that's why research institutes are working on effective drying methods that are affordable for Farmers did you know that there's an international rice Research Institute its Specialists help develop the solar bubble dryer system which was initiated by grain Pro and supported by the University of hoenheim the system has a drying area of 25 or 50 square m and looks like a large bubble supported by fans although simple it's highly efficient and can be found in homemade designs as well an electric guitar sounds great but you need a place to plug it in while it's convenient to carry the guitar in a case even compact combo amplifiers can be a hassle and that's not even counting the processor or pedal set in short being an electric guitarist can be tough the creators of the mugabi V3 have tried to make things a little easier not only is this guitar foldable but it also has a 40 mm speaker built into the body and that's just the beginning it comes with a built-in preamp and Reverb effect you can even record your successful and not so successful improvisations directly on the guitar with 32 GB of memory providing enough space for 1,300 songs The Mix mode feature can help with solo performances allowing you to play along with a background program on the guitar this unique instrument costs $799

  Top Comments:
  1. @MadMiff [1 likes]: what a load of cods wollop, click bait and look at all the mugs who liked it.
  2. @TechNewus: The part about self-healing polymers like T-1000 gave me goosebumps, because this type of material could completely revolutionize the automotive and robotics industries in the next 10 years. I've read many studies on self-healing materials, but few videos explain it as clearly as this one. If AI robotics were combined with such materials, do you think future robots would be more terrifying or more useful? 🙂
  3. @truthspeaker1074: Regarding any "flying" cars:  First, getting out of the traffic congestion would be great.  Second, as we have so many "bad" drivers, we don't want those crafts dropping on us due to  driver stupidity.
  4. @braindv: 10:05 who tf needs a simulator for a train
  5. @GénieFou-n9p: Incroyable 😂 oh
  6. @markaskew: 'roadable'??? 😂😂😂😂 Is that a other made up America word?
  7. @welfarecvr: cammon baby , les go barbie
  8. @SusiFroggy: It depends .I mean with the gas prices these days, is that what its energy source is?
  9. @jarrod731: So smart
  10. @TheContexts: Must washing
  11. @HowToHomeLife: The strength of any patent is the amount of money that you have in the bank to pay the lawyers to defend it, most inventor's always will loose, because they run out of money paying these lawyers! For more than 50-years I've been an inventor, designer, and manufacturer of tools of creativity and productivity, I've never applied for a patent and never will, I design it, manufacturer it, and market it! After reaping my rewards from any products that I've sold, when other manufacturers copy my product for lower prices, I just invent and manufacture another tool! David Riddle
  12. @BuddyMight: The flame thrower is interesting I just don't know what to do with it. 😮
  13. @TeusãoeMotivação: 8:25 Wow this is prolly the stupidest idea of the year.
  14. @Nakoa-i7k: No due to flight plans and rules with FAA
  15. @Rin-o3k7w: Do you know what works better than a cleaning robot? 
A human who acts responsibility to begin with.
  16. @saumyacow4435: Varying degrees of success.. but world changing? Nah.
  17. @TeerayutYossombut-v6x: This was incredibly powerful and helpful!
  18. @Kabilstd: Waw beautiful invention
  19. @lapuamies8718: Kraig Biocraft just upended the textile world:  National Geographic highlights Kraig Labs’ advancements in producing spider silk fibers using genetically enhanced silkworms. The article includes a graphic that describes the significant advantages of a silkworm-based platform (Kraig Labs Technology). Those advantages include being the most cost-efficient and highest-quality technology for commercializing spider silk. This breakthrough approach combines the scalability of silkworm cultivation with the exceptional performance properties of spider silk. The feature explores both the technical advantages of Kraig’s approach and the growing commercial opportunities of spider silk biomaterials.
Being recognized by a publication with the global reach and historic legacy of National Geographic represents a major milestone for Kraig Labs and for the broader field of biomaterials innovation.
Kraig Labs hosted a team from National Geographic at the Company’s research center for three days of interviews, facility tours, and photography. That visit resulted in the striking cover image and an in-depth feature exploring the science and progress behind next-generation spider silk materials. During their visit, Kraig Labs recombinant spider silk was put to the test, towing a car across a parking lot and suspending a person from the ceiling on a single 0.35-ounce loop of thread. 
Due to strict confidentiality and publication agreements, the Company was unable to discuss this publicly until the issue was officially released. Kraig Labs is now proud to share this achievement with its shareholders and partners.
Kraig Labs extends its sincere thanks to the entire National Geographic editorial and photography team for their professionalism and dedication in bringing this story to a global audience.
  20. @BlondieSuperdog: an observation bubble is bubble brained. Busses with containers?  How about something more useful - busses that pick you up at your home or apartment with your breakfast waiting at your seat?

- 5 GAME-CHANGING Electric Motors: Kind: captions Language: en we take a look at some of the newest and most incredible electric motors starting at number five the yamaha motor unit yamaha is finally accepting orders for a all-in-one 350 kilowatt unit intended for high-end evs and possibly full conversions the gearbox and inverter are integrated into one unit and this uses either oil or water for cooling the unit tops out at around 500 horsepower at 800 volts but it's designed to be in conjunction with another unit which would make it to be one of the most dominant all-in-one packages on the market as of right now the company has showcased several prototypes but once again it comes down to how affordable these units will actually be and obviously they won't be anything revolutionary in terms of actual motor design and before the mali contact free motor the incoming ev race will bring a few notable problems one of these problems is material supply for both motors and batteries magnets are particularly problematic because they are used quite a bit in motors and obviously these are built out of rare earth metals so this company has decided to build the motor which actually doesn't have any magnets this means that there are no contacts to transmit electricity abrasion or mechanical wear for that matter power is actually transferred wirelessly into the rotor via induction therefore producing an electromagnetic field now mali has been pretty transparent about the design and they stated that it could be used for lighter vehicles but it would probably need a transmission for heavier trucks or even lighter bikes mass production is also about two and a half years away at number three the 250 from h3x now this is a very intriguing motor which utilizes 3d printed copper coils and synergistic cooling to cool both electronics and the motor this allows for a lighter and more compact design which can achieve 20 000 rpm at 250 kilowatts h3x claims that the motor can achieve 13 kilowatts per kilogram but we should be skeptical of this claim because that would mean it would outperform high-end axial flux motors i'm not saying that this is totally impossible but it's a pretty bold claim and it will be interesting to see what the real numbers are we do know that there have been new copper 3d printing techniques which can allow for better geometries and obviously better motor designs so we'll just have to wait and see if this company can actually build something which is next level and number two the churnchide motor now obviously reluctance motors are nothing new and they were invented back in the 1800s they have been used in a lot of industrial applications but they are also known to have a lot of vibration issues and obviously they are very noisy reluctance basically means the resistance to the magnetic flux so the current is constantly switching and each rotor pole is pulled towards the approaching stator pole now this motor is definitely reliable but it's very tricky to switch the current at correct time intervals so turn chide has revised this by increasing the number of rotor pulls and creating a sensorless algorithm this allows the current in the coils to be switched at 20 000 times a second thus increasing efficiency now this variant is relatively new so it's going to be interesting to see the power to weight ratio and whether or not it can actually branch outside of industrial use so the question still remains on what will be the dominant motor design for electrical vehicles in the future the majority of motor designs which i have talked about earlier are radial flux but a newer type of design will likely take over the high-end market the yokeless actual flux motor is only developed by a few companies which includes the magnax motor they have achieved 16 kilowatts per kilogram which is over three times the power density of a tesla model 3 radial motor the actual flux design has been known for some time and it has a shorter direct flux path therefore it has a stronger magnetic which is why the motors have a really good power to weight ratio now the actual flux is a pretty challenging motor to build but magnax has claimed to solve the production issues ultimately their motors should be out on the market in just a few years now another neat development which is worth checking out is the neodym magnetic transmission they have shown some really neat demos of their 160 newton meter gearbox obviously it's not 100 percent efficient but it can handle 10 000 rpm with very little noise and friction now this type of design could particularly be useful for wind power or even electric bolts which brings us to the number one position so probably one of the most unique designs out there is the deep speed hydro jet this weird open-ended hydro jet is an all-electric propulsion system which can be pretty much mounted like an outboard motor or as an independent 360 degree pod which can provide reverse or sideways thrust there are no gears shafts or universal joints only a pair of wires running from the batteries to the hydro jet now obviously you have to consider the weight of the batteries but the base model only weighs 75 kilograms so it can be considerably lighter for short range applications when compared to combustion engines now the rear design is kind of like a turbo fan and it funnels water into the front and accelerates it out the back meaning it's highly efficient and it accelerates faster than a propeller the company is working on multiple variants ranging from 100 to 780 ultimately the hydro jet has already shown some very impressive demos but we will see if the crowdfunded motor will really make waves in the future market so once again thanks for watching please like the video if you enjoyed it and make sure to subscribe to my channel bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @RyanRipley-g7c [1 likes]: What motors out there easily lend to someone modifying them to drive a factory type axle.  I'm not new to lithium battery systems but I am new to motors.  I'm looking for a very easy to design around 100-150hp motor.  Guessing gear boxes are a must with these things but what about a clutch?
  2. @RachidHidada-rc9wz [1 likes]: What type of electric motor did Robert Samson invent, and do you have any idea about this electric motor please? I thank you in advance.
  3. @pauloyoshizaki2103 [1 likes]: YAMAHA  = MOTOR = ELÉTRIC  = FUTURO = CHEGOU =  
YAMAHA  = ELÉTRIC !=
MOTORES =
ELETRIC =
SynRM = Menor de 150 KW ; Maior de : 350 KW - Top - Potência = Motor  - Elétric =
Eficiente =
Funcional =
Rotação =
Infinito ! =
Sempre !!! =
YAMAHA =
Motor =
Elétrics =
2030 ! =
Pronta ! 🏆🏆🏆🥇🥇🥇🥇.
  4. @kari53 [1 likes]: The hydro jet type motor was a project I was involved with in the mid 90's. It was quite successful and not one marine company wanted it. However, the draw back was the amount of fish kills we created. If we went through a school of fish instead of parting them they got sucked in and blended out the other side. Bigger fish on the surface stopped us dead along with any major debris like wood.
The project was later abandoned due to funding, efficiency and environmental concerns. If they can solve these issues at planing and docking speeds then I'd say this propulsion technology might actually make it.
  5. @bighands69 [1 likes]: Motors are really cool and can have many different applications but it is the energy storage that is the bottleneck.
  6. @justanotheryoutubechannel3102: that Yamaha motor was GORGEOUS!
  7. @maxMaxie-c2f: remember nothing free
  8. @maxMaxie-c2f: nothing free
  9. @DIVEnSOME: I would focus on the sodium ion battery for EV and the lithium sulphur for planes ,all this don’t use rare earth materials that cause so much untold suffering.
  10. @victoryfirst2878: This is a great video Tech Planet. Now I know the FACTS on electric motors.
  11. @williambarrigaz8862: OK el uso Naval debe ser de ensueño por su silencio y otras miles de cosas más  , pero yo se lo colocaría a una Kombi en su totalidad y te garantizo sería el hombre más feliz de la tierra  🌏   .
  12. @arafatjack734: Xcccccccxccccc
  13. @arafatjack734: Ccx
  14. @qadeerjaved578: DC metro
  15. @aggabuss: Hunstabe liner lab
  16. @constantinvasile2964: Motorul meu se compune dintr_o conductă (buclă continuă), bobinată si bile din fier, sau dacă este pe post de generator bile magnetice. Functionează cu presiune hidraulică sau pneumatic. Bucla poate avea si lungimi de sute sau mii de km, caz in care sistemul devine un motor sau generator LINIAR. In ambele cazuri trebuie un sistem din mageti sau fier  pentru urmărirea bilelor la exterior, adică forța utilă. Adică un traductor. Poate fi generator (hidrocentrale), pompe, compresoare de aer, motoare electrice (+motoare hibride auto), elice aero( cu acționare din exterior, nu din ax), trenuri de mare viteză PE CONDUCTĂ.
  17. @joemurray6323: its strange to me that no one has new design with disk and calipers and put the shaft on the out side so it would have grater R.P.M and that way you could make a generators bilt in to the disk like a role of disk then a role of generators disk with the shaft on the out side to get the R.P.M with out using that much amps and you could gear it down for more toque every thing is old
  18. @yannisstamoulis1366: Why did I read the thumbnail like "E-MOTIONAAAL motooOr"? Send help
  19. @ELECTROBUFF: Axial flux motors are the future for EVs and electric planes. They pack the most power density
  20. @veganwilliamdotyfreshour3665: That seem very good, maybe too good none?  Baffle box filtration system great for storm drains and with easy filtration in and out replacement.?!   Safer rivers and streams.  https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=wZ36HChoEqc

- HAUL OUT DAY - THE RACE TO REPAIR MY AQUILA 54 AND GET TO THE BAHAMAS: Kind: captions Language: en well hello it is Monday February 27th some things have developed and happened but first of all how great is that look at that I am terrible at this but look how beautiful that is and I've cleaned the towels very proud of myself all right move-in day and I've got a boat on port side and a boat on starboard and one's going backwards one's going forward it's interesting well as you can see he put on a bridle and he's just Towing us here it comes be big and she beautiful that's how you take two Transmissions out put two and then so hopefully you can get them in tomorrow maybe we'll be back in the water on Friday and do a little sea trial we shall see [Music] uh so yesterday I had a young man named Kyle who is the Volvo engineer technician in this area works for Detroit Diesel which is right over here two Transmissions are on their way here from Chesapeake and then Volvo has also asked to take these Transmissions out both of them not just the one that's bad because they want to take them they want them sent back up to Chesapeake so that they can analyze them things are moving fast the big discussion right now is are they going to replace them here in the water are we going to pull the boat out because they can do it in the water they basically take the shaft slide it because you know the Transmissions at the front of the engine they take the shaft and just slide it down ever so gently and ever so far and take the transmission off with the new one on Slide the shaft back in the problem with that is if the shaft slides out of the boat we got a hole and we're all sinking it's not very deep around here but still it'd be a bummer to sync the mode as you can tell on much better spirits today I'm just hanging out here in uh Good Old Fort Pierce and all my neighbors here have been extremely nice so it's all good foreign the gearboxes are arriving here in Fort Pierce today however Volvo has decided and probably rightly so it's not in my heart what I wanted to happen but they want it hauled out to get it done right but unfortunately we can't haul out until Monday which is going to cancel yet another one of my family's trips we're all in the same boat at this point so to speak and everybody in my family's been amazing and supportive and you know I heard Volvo's CEO spoke to Aquila CEO yesterday about this I got a message from my buddy Graham who owns hole number 29 I believe he's in Thailand so this uh this little incident has gotten around the world start with the preparations for getting a hold on on Monday I'm actually gonna do most of those preparations tomorrow but what I noticed this morning just in a like a daily look into the engine room is my c-strainer for my air conditioning looked really dirty here it is right here that water should be clear and it's not I'm gonna clean it out right down there that's the water intake from underneath the boat into the strainer so close that off now I just got to take the top off here take the filter out clean it just unscrew it like this oh it's like full of mud look at that see how dirty that's not should not be there so go outside and clean it okay so I went out and see it's supposed to look like that not like this I basically just get a little cleaner you use for your toilet right and it fits right in there and it cleans it right up okay dirty it is on the side I can get a little bit of it there you go there we go Killer's back on now you can see how clear it is clear water that's what you want clear water get rid of the bad water this is Sunday day before I'm hauled out so I gotta do a few things I gotta get all the Frozen products beet chicken all the stuff out of the fridge because they don't have a couple of 50 amps for me at the yard I've got some friends who live nearby and they're letting me borrow their freezer and fridge I did do some fun work this week I got all my water toys and everything situated and I'll show you can't raise it up all the way until the propeller but beach chairs would be great perfect hatch for that and then this is the most handiest thing ever here it is for noodles and on over to the starboard side so I ended up getting just a laundry basket see then I got all the snorkel gear in here so just pull out your snorkel gear throw it back in the laundry basket it goes back in there floaties things like that in here so all very accessible to the rear of the boat where everybody would be swimming okay time to empty out the freezer and and whatever else from the fridge I can put in [Applause] friends fridge all our stuff in there thank you Charlie and Kim packing up my clothes because I can't stay on board because they don't have power for me uh so I'm gonna find a hotel or something and Tow boat's going to be here around 11 30 11 45 this morning it's about 10 a.m right now and we'll figure out a way to get out of okay the guys are here and they're actually just going to try to pull lines to get us out of here then attached to us nothing so far they've done everything they we basically got a couple of friends and some help and uh just pushed it out and then I've got a boat on port side and a boat on starboard and one's going backwards one's going forward it's interesting they're going to turn it around and get us out of this channel trimaran is owned by uh Kyle who's actually on board he's the Volvo technician he's probably gotten nervous are you getting nervous doing this all in Reverse crazy see he put on a bridle and he's just Towing us apparently that guy couldn't wait so we had to slow down for him he's like we'd have the right away oh well you guys have straps ready and the straps underneath the boat and lift it up think I've never done this before all right so the the uh the lift I guess you call it is headed our way now this guy over here is operating and he's got a little thing around his waist like a remote control I mean he's like oh by the way this boat's brand new I'm like hello here it comes I need a paint job that's a really big boat my feel is supposed to be should be big and she beautiful smell too good down here you might imagine the hillbilly on dry land what a shame okay so after having my boat hauled out today and all this mess this exactly what I need not much of a stressful day but just you know again disappointing so it took a while for them to get the boat on blocks so he couldn't get to working again until later so no Transmissions out yet hopefully you'll get both of them out tomorrow maybe one goes in Wednesday one goes in Thursday back in the water on Friday I don't know we shall see for now I'm gonna enjoy this oh here we are at day two on the hard and I spy a new transmission two of them actually one two had someone ask me am I doing the bottom paint two birds one stone you know while I got it out answers no I'm not I'm gonna do it in the BVI the BBI you can use better paints as far as things lasting longer and they since the boat's going to be in the BVI the next two years they know what paint to put on down there so now I'm gonna wait till I get down there way to get up there oh boy so learning that you're banging what the temperature you can prop down get the transmission off so that's what they're doing now they're kind of hear them banging on it to get the prop out and you can see how far they've moved prop out by looking at the little clean area there in the middle as I was saying yesterday also the sacrificial Keel which I lost which is right there you can see it there not one there I've also decided to wait until the BVI to get that replaced it's basically it's just there to protect the props as long as we're running anything I'll be fine um and these guys here just couldn't get it done within like a two-week period and now because I'm just gonna sit here for two weeks for that so we're gonna fix when we get it down to the BBI it does not uh affect your performance at all it's a little wait and see game right so boring all righty this is okay well the old transmission's sitting there they've opened up both hatches same thing on the other side and a forklift is coming right now to take them out and put the new ones in there's a place though dipstick that melted I guess to keep the oil in it so the shaft comes through here and then that piece goes into the engine there so that's what it looks like without a transmission the transmission goes in right here the shaft is right there the shaft comes up through anyway this one's gone new one's coming in yeah they put me uh Stern in and they should have put me bow in it had been easier to get to but he's doing it um and that is how you take a transmission new one going in that's how you take two Transmissions out put two moons in so here we are it is now noon on Wednesday so we've made the transition I guess almost said transmission so hopefully you can get Hope Springs Eternal so you're hearing tinking in the background that's the last little screw going in we fired both engines up poured some water in there put it in forward reverse both Transmissions are working great ready to go back in the water except this boat yard can't put me back in the water until Monday afternoon the end of this video is going to be me going in the water and you know happy ending and we'll figure it out but I'm going to end the video right here anytime you hear this music it's at the beginning of a video or the end of the video we'll pick it up when the boat goes back in the water I haven't seen my wife in three weeks so I'm going home for the weekend I want to see her you know get some cuddles next chapter will happen when I get back thank you

  Top Comments:
  1. @Slonge92 [1 likes]: Granted this is a Volvo problem.  But, do you think that boat manufacturers should do more actual stress testing of their products in real world applications?  I’m getting the impression that you might be beta testing the Yacht for Aquila and their suppliers.  Aside from the non-weather inconveniences, I love the layout of your yacht.  After shopping trawlers for awhile, your content prompted me to look into power cats.  Thanks
  2. @jimmydaniel1127: Poor placment of sea strainer its sucking in water riggt by the props so whatever the props sturr up its sucking in
  3. @LaszloBagi: Good to see it repaired, need to remember its an Aquila, not a Fleming or Nordhavn
  4. @andrewtestin9080: Please clarify
  5. @andrewtestin9080: But you have Balls of Steel to own
  6. @andrewtestin9080: I ask is it new model of trans or same doesn’t make sence😊
  7. @matthewmelton2361: Also you can add bromine tablets to your strainer— you should clean the strainers 1x week if you didnt know— I personally have 2 of them I put the dirty one in some bleach water and throw the clean one in. Then clean the dirty one after it has soaked for a while — I use the all plastic ones instead of stainless — I keep the bromine tabs in a little bucket right by the strainers
  8. @benchoad-h1d: Aquila is a pile of junk. Going to go with the Pearl 62
  9. @mikejernigan3215: $1.67m headache, and that dose not count the upgrades you did on it. The good thing about this, you are still working and not living on it full time. Alan, I wish you and your family better months to come. The BVI is always there waiting on you.....take care be safe. You just need a bottle of Woodford Reserve to make it.... take care buddy....
  10. @JBE158: Just curious are all of these repairs and services covered under a warranty since the boat is so new?
  11. @roberthorvath9897: Dear god, let me be so relaxed in such shitty situations like "The Wandering Hillbilly" - THX
  12. @crescentcitycolor8305: use petit super paint with slime additive. its so easy to do just slap mud on the wall. you dont even need to sand it right now just refresh it.   then they can repaint later...just a suggestion
  13. @crescentcitycolor8305: i hope you will add a fresh coat of bottom paint while it is out of the water
  14. @davidmeyers838: I was convinced Aquila 54 to be my retirement plan, but I have to say, you have opened my eyes to the quality (or lack of) in the build of this vessel. That bottom should never look that bad this fast, and replacing transmissions with such low hours? I would expect a series of little annoying fixes/touch ups, but this is a whole nother level. I am disappointed. I really wanted this to be a great purchase for you and ultimately solidify my purchase in 2 years. Having to rethink a little. Good luck to you, I will certainly keep watching your channel. PS...Did they put her back in the water today?
  15. @tricyricky: That Sucks. But you didn't need me to help you say that. Super glad you have stand up Reps to take care of the issues. A suggestion. Cut one of those noodles up in 4" to 6" pieces. Slit it and slide them on your dinghy propeller and it wont chip up the hatch. Beautiful boat. Enjoy.
  16. @Vladimir_SHCHERBAKOV: I'm glad that everything is getting better for you. I'm watching you and I like this boat. Is this A class boat? so many small problems, how will it behave on long transitions?
  17. @rebelgurl7948: Looks like you are on your way! I have watched a lot of your BVI videos. I’m going in may as we have rented a 50 ft Cat. I have a question. Do you recommend a snorkel vest and should I go with short fins or long?  You are the pro!
  18. @davidafarber1: the paint is the same in the BVI's as in the US.  They get all of their supplies from Florida.  I am in the Marine industry and just got back from the BVI's.  The chandlery had all the same products we sell in Seattle.
  19. @GrahamSwan-yi5gw: Just noticed you have bananas on board - I’d be ditching ‘em - old seafarers superstition….
  20. @markrefosco9236: Yup, you’re patient.  Getting hold of the Aquila CEO is impressive.  But speaking with the CEO of Volvo is a whole different level.  I’m betting the every day Joe would not receive the same attention without your very capable video/editing abilities!  But good for you!  Love your videos!  Still under refundable deposit with FP and hoping you’ll tell me why you wouldn’t buy one.  Best

- How Much Does It Really Cost to Boat to the Bahamas?: Kind: captions Language: en can you take a boat from Florida to the Bahamas without breaking the bank I just did it in this cheap boat from Facebook Marketplace so if you're curious about the cost and what goes into it stick around because I'm breaking down everything in this video all right let's hop right into it the Bahamas trip cost breakdown going from Florida to the Bahamas and back what did it cost what's involved let's dive right into it I got my laptop here with all my notes but my name is Brandon Gross welcome to my channel if you like boating content travel anything crazy anything water related you're in the right place so drop a like comment subscribe to the channel it helps me out in such a great way it's free to do just one little one little click helps me out so much so without further Ado let's get into it all right my trip to the Bahamas I literally knew nothing about it I knew nothing that was involved I learned everything that I needed to know from other people's YouTube videos just Googling how to go to the Bahamas how what's involved just literally learning from scratch I didn't really have anyone to help me I joined a Facebook group called The Crossing and I was trying to find people on there to go with a buddy boat because it's just pretty dangerous to go by yourself was trying my hardest to find someone to go with me and it just wasn't working out our schedules weren't lining up people didn't like the weather windows that we had so I decided just to go on on my own I mean I had friends in my boat it was four of us we went solo on my boat no buddy boats with us it was a bad idea I highly recommend against doing that we took a risk and it paid off a trip like this obviously has a million variables I can only tell you how we did it in our budget with my boat but I'm hoping that all of my numbers can give you an idea of what it might cost you in your boat or if you're looking to purchase a boat just to help give you a better idea overall of what's involved you can change the numbers around to fit whatever your lifestyle is I live on a budget most of the time so I did this as cheap as freaking possible and we're going to dive in to that budget right now all right first thing let's get into my boat it is a 1995 ralo 2440 so it's a 24t walkaround boat it does have twin Motors it's two 2007 optimax 175 Motors they drink a ton of fuel they are not very efficient my boat also has a 180 Gall fuel tank so I knew that I had the range to do it a lot of boats don't have a huge fuel tank depending on what you buy so I made sure when I bought this boat I had a very large fuel tank with my boat I could cruise at an average of about 30 mph the whole way out there and it's about 50 some miles so with my boat on a very nice day you should be able to get there around 2 hours but that was not the case for us my max speed on the boat was 42 mph and the slowest speed that we were cruising was around the low 20s just because the waves were pretty bad when we were going out there I took weather into consideration heavily but there was things I didn't understand about the weather so I hope that you guys can learn from my mistakes I was looking on the windy app it showed the maximum wave height for the day we wanted to go out there of one foot which was absolutely not the case we were fighting three to four Footers in my little 24t boat for 3 hours straight just getting absolutely beaten up waves crashing over the front of the boat the whole time we were soak and wet everything we had was soaked covered in salt water and that's because the winds were out of the North which were clashing with the Gulf stre stream that comes out of the South so those two just clashing together just made a big dumpster of messy waves for the entire ride out there but I was just looking on the weather app and it said one foot waves that to me sounded great it's my own ignorance but we still made it the first expense of the trip was my cruising permit to go to the Bahamas I did that via click to clear if you just Google click to clear the website pops up I believe boats under 31 or 32 ft it's around hundred something dollars and it like dumps up to $300 if you're over 30 some feet there's a weird cut off there but my boat being under 30 ft all the fees taxes and everything to give me my legal permission to be in the Bahamas via boat it came out to $183 I believe that that permit is good for 90 days so I think now if I go back you know within the next couple months I don't have to pay all of that again I'm sure I still have to pay some fees here and there but I don't think it's going to be 183 every time another thing to consider is parking I don't have a dock I don't have a marina I trailer my every single time so I chose to leave from hover the parking lot in Hover they charge about $16 a day you can only pay by 24-hour increments so I paid for two days there $16 each that came out to 3264 for 48 hours of parking that's only during the weekdays it jumps up to $20 a day if you're on the weekends another expense which ended up saving us a lot of money was food we spent $57 at Walmart before we even left on the trip and just packed up a bunch of stuff for sandwiches pbjs drinks and snacks just everything so we didn't have to go out to restaurants there cuz we were trying to do this as cheap as possible so $57 for food now let's get into where we stayed when we got there we went to bimy Big Game Club and we went by their winter rates which are from September 5th to March 31st and that is $3.75 per foot which came out to $90 the room itself we had a bungalow room which is a little bit more spacious it's a little bit closer to the docks we literally walked right outside the front door went right to the boat so it cost a little bit more money that room was $359 Plus fees and taxes if you get just the regular room at the Bimi big game club it's $39 just like an average hotel room type of thing I did work out a deal through the bib big game club where they were able to comp the slip and the hotel room for the four of us that went out there so that was super helpful it saved us around $449 very close to that but just keep that in mind if you're considering going there that's another expense that you will have but it was an amazing Resort none of us had cell service so we were all just using the Wi-Fi there when we got to the hotel room for a couple minutes and speaking of Wi-Fi I want to take a second to thank the sponsor of today's video surf shark surf shark is a VPN which especially nowadays is super important to have for anyone who doesn't know a VPN is just a virtual private Network that just covers all of your online activity it encrypts everything keeps all of your data all of your information safe because there are so many hackers so many scams terrible things going around these days surf shark keeps you safe during all of that and I just learned the hardest way possible literally just last week I Got a notification that somebody had spent almost $10,000 on my checking account I can only assume it's from using sketchy Wi-Fi all over the place and being completely unprotected with all my devices it is safe to say that surf shark is going to be protecting me from now on and with surf shark you can set up unlimited devices with your account so there's no worry about how many devices you can be using or protecting at one time all of your devices One account done two of my favorite things about surf shark is you can change your location virtually so if you're in another country or another state and certain websites are blocked you can change your location and have full access to all the websites that you need and the number one most important thing for me is you can experience the internet before advertising happened no ads no cookies no popups and no trackers and on top of that all of your information is safe all the time and you don't have to lose $10,000 like I may have just done I'm still disputing that by the way I'm I'm really hoping that I can get the money back I it's not looking good so far but go to Surf shark.com brand Andross you can enjoy four extra months on top of your yearly subscription with surf shark and now that all of you guys are protected let's buckle up and get into the biggest expense of the Bahamas trip and you know dang right it's fuel all right obviously fuel is going to be the most expensive cost on my trip at least and it's going to be a lot less than most people because I only have a 24t boat it's pretty small to make the crossing I filled up the full 180 gallons before we left when we came back I refilled it again I filled up 95 gallons when I brought it back here to the gas station near my house at $383 a gallon that was a total of $363 198 but my fuel gauge was a little gonky while we were in the Bahamas and and I was kind of worried if we were going to have enough fuel to make it home so I did put in fuel while we were in the Bahamas and that was a whopping $640 a gallon for ethanol free gas in bimin in the Bahamas I put 20 gallons in that was $128 they have some extra 5% fee on top of the fuel cost there I'm not quite sure exactly what it is so all in all we used 115 gallons for a total of $91.99 if I would have known that I had enough fuel to make it back and didn't fill up in bimy and would have got that extra 20 gallons when I got home that would have saved me another $514 so around $450 to $500 for my boat to go to bimy and back all in all it was 54 mi from the hover boat ramp to bimy big game club we did another 45 Mi all around bimy just cruising around and checking out locations and then another 54 miles all the way back to the boat ramp that means our total trip was 155 mil Giver take a couple miles and that put my boat at an average of 1.35 m per gallon which yes is awful granted we were cruising fast the entire time we weren't ever really putting that really makes me want to get some nice new four-stroke Motors on this boat upgrade to some Suzukis anything honestly is going to be more fuel efficient than these optimax motors so with all of the fuel the dockage the hotel the parking and the cruising permit and the food that brings our grand total for a two-day one night trip to the Bahamas on my 24t ralo to $1,180 98 I'm not sure if that's good or bad I don't really think you can do it in much less of a budget with my size boat that's basically as cheap as it can be I did include the hotel even though we did have that comp I just wanted to give realistic numbers so hopefully this helps you out gives you a little bit of a better idea of what really goes into it and how much it could cost you based on my size boat obviously people go in a lot bigger boats all the time a lot smaller boats all the time people do it in jet skis every year they even have people that paddle board the 54 miles over to bimin so it can be done on a lot of different budgets in a lot of different ways but what I think the number one most important thing that I learned about this whole trip is the we weather weather weather weather weather is the absolute most important thing you can't go by the wave heights like they say you really have to take in consideration the wind direction the swell Direction all that stuff but the weather is the absolute number one most important thing it is so freaking dangerous out there once you get out there and lose cell service a few miles offshore from Miami you're on your own you could be stuck out there for days if no one knows you're there if you don't have the proper safety equipment I made sure I had every single piece of safety equipment we needed the one thing I think I might invest in is a true legitimate satellite phone that would be crucial to have out there I know the new iPhones are satellite phones but I don't really want to rely on that I want something dedicated to rescue us as well as possibly maybe like a little life draft like a little emergency life draft or something I feel like I can probably find something on Amazon but once you get out there and you can't see land in either Direction that's when it really starts to hit you and reality sets in where you're on your own out there people are probably going to come help you if they know that you're even stuck if you can get any sort of signal out to somebody I don't know I'm rambling it's dangerous out there if you are playing planning on making the crossing be as safe as possible do as much research as possible don't do what I did I did it in a stupid way I'm not afraid to admit it be prepared watch the weather get ready to spend a lot of money on fuel and everything else and get out there and enjoy the bright blue water of the Bahamas because it was absolutely incredible it was super worth it I'm already planning my next trip back there I mean just look at these clips from the Bahamas and the short 36 hours that we had there it was absolutely gorgeous it was better than I even imagined it would be and I am so excited to go back highly highly highly recommend and and in the future I'm hoping to get to some farther islands in the Bahamas but that's a whole another can of worms to get into hopefully that'll be in a video in the future but thank you guys for watching I appreciate you all thank you for the support please drop a like a comment and just subscribe to my channel it helps out more than you know it's free to do just a little tap little click and just helps me thank you guys so much also I do have merch if you guys are interested in supporting the channel That way this is one of my hoodies on the back it has all of the mean comments from my first couple boat videos where I was getting a lot of hate and I figured why not turn the hate into something positive throw it on a shirt and then also the Superstition of bringing bananas on a boat I bring bananas on the boat all the time and that's why I made this little hat with a devious banana driving the boat stick around enjoy some more clips from the Bahamas follow along on my channel if you love boating content thank you all I love you for watching this video you specifically yes you I will see you guys for the next one thank you [Music] w oh

  Top Comments:
  1. @chrisao1987 [15 likes]: They just raised the cost! So, going to the Bahamas has came to an end for most. Went from $150 to $500. With only having 30 days to use your reentry. After 30 days you have to pay another $500 to go back. They really don’t want anyone in their waters it looks like. Looks like you can pay$1500 and get unlimited entries which only makes sense.
  2. @BrandonGross [3 likes]: Go to https://surfshark.com/brandongross for 4 extra months of Surfshark.

Thank you guys for watching and for all the support on my channel!
  3. @JohnSmith-jt8dj: Not anymore it's absolutely insane of the cost in 2026.
  4. @rd2_9000: Fuel
  5. @TheHandyCaptain1: Dude, what kind of fuel tanks do you have?  You don't want to put gas station fuel into your boat, it has ethanol and will eat you tank
  6. @JaxsonCoffey: When I grow up I'm thinking about getting one for these two bost a contender 44st or a contender 39st
  7. @gregoryjohnson1719: Paddle board is crazy
  8. @MM-xk6tf: all these other countries tax the shit out of tourist and importers.
  9. @hectorruiz1291: Do you have to go through customs again when you come back into Florida?
  10. @Patrick-yh5yd: Take the boat to Bahamas. Fish nonstop. Catch more than allowed. Then sail home never touching the islands themselves
  11. @crystalclearwindowsllc: invest in starlink
  12. @BryantHairstonHFL: I’m new to the boat life….if your trailering your boat to Florida to do this trip I would assume there is a cost to park your truck and trailer while your gone? And I would assume there is good and bad areas for this?
  13. @HansFoosball-m1m: Portable ELT for safety.... or EPIRB (Emergency Position Indicating Radiobeacon)
  14. @BrokePhilanthropist: July change will destroy the area.
  15. @johndavid6284: Can I ask you a serious question and this is also for anyone who can comment on a better way to stay there for less than $350 per night. How did you get it? “comped“? I really don’t mind spending some time and money in the casino if that’s the only way. But most of these places require payment upon booking upfront any help would be greatly appreciated on this. We’d really like to stay at Bimini Big game club or the Hilton there since they have direct dock access. Thank you again.
  16. @blaneyphotonyc: Seems like ok $$ split 4 ways
  17. @LivingOnCash: I think the new fees are going to be detrimental to a lot of people wanting to go there. They've bumped them up way too high. Maybe they should have a lower rate for pleasure craft vs commercial vessels.
  18. @akllera: These prices will be changing big time with the new fees for entering Bahamas plus separate fishing permit, and new AIS rule.  Many boaters are not going to be happy.
  19. @auntiestonks3806: Don’t forget your insurance cost
  20. @markduncan6690: Just the Facts!💵💵💵💵💵

- Yacht Repair and Refit Service - Bahamas: Kind: captions Language: en in 1997 bradford marine had the foresight to imagine the future of yacht service securing 47 acres within the tax and duty-free zone of Grand Bahama Port Authority Bradford Marines Bahamas shipyard was born [Music] a mere 60 miles from the US mainland Bradford Marines Bahamas shipyard is easily accessible clients can enjoy convenient travel from Fort Lauderdale via Bradford's private plane or effortlessly navigate the vessel through free ports well Martin broad shipping canal boasting 2,500 feet of linear alongside deepwater dockage vessel size is not a concern no overhead restrictions and extra wide beam clearance allows for maximum vessel accessibility the diver a 1200 tonne floating dry dock can haul vessels up to 225 feet for larger projects a working partnership with Grand Bahama shipyard ensures service up to 27,000 tons and 700 feet in length whether the vessel is a sail boat motor yacht or catamaran the 150 ton travel lift can service a variety of needs commercial or pleasure bradford marine brings unrivaled service capabilities to the bahamas no matter the job owners and captain's experienced on-time service dedicated project managers lead a team of 60 skilled local and certified men and women who approach each project with a personalized touch dockside customs and immigration personnel 24-hour security and a strong relationship with local institutions simplifies international compliance while in port bradford Marines Bahamas shipyard offers an extensive selection of on-site services a state-of-the-art machine shop capable of handling the largest of propeller shafts custom canvas fabrication and installation custom fiberglass carpentry and paint hydraulic electrical and plumbing repairs in-house brokerage services with docking incentives storage on the heart well above sea level complete with hurricane tie-downs precision prompt balancing and cutting-edge MRI inspection technology above or below the waterline Bradford Marines Bahamas shipyard creates safe and reliable solutions for yachting always looking to the future bradford marine provides world-class service unparalleled in the region bring it to the best bring it to Bradford

  Top Comments:
  1. @SailPalarran: Excellent video.  I'm currently on the hard at Bradford Marine - Freeport and this video makes me much more comfortable about having refit work done there.  Not that I wasn't already, but more.

As an example, I wasn't even thinking about having my cockpit canvas work redone this year, but after watching the video I think we will.
  2. @tonkacaptain: This was a quality video that makes me interested in possibly doing a project there in the future. I would like to see a video with some testimonials to help solidify my interest.

- Bahamas Relief Restoration Boat - 24' 1971 Stapleton: Kind: captions Language: en this a 1971 Stapleton was originally built as an inboard vote with a forward cabin commercial fishing boat built down in Southwest Florida it's been repurposed over the years and right now is set up to be a mullet boat cast net mullet boat you can see the living a bracket on the back basically a cage keep the cast out from getting in the engine keep it clean we're gonna rebuild it and it's gonna be a Bahamas service boat to help out people in the Bahamas who pretty much lost everything don't have any boats to get back at for 4/20 Islands we're gonna try to get this boat done safe and get it over to them as quickly as possible

- 2 Day Yacht voyage at $800/HR: Kind: captions Language: en All [Music] right, we got our new boat. We took our test trip to Biminy. We're back here at the boat house of Fort Lauderdale. Now, we're going to take a real trip. We're going to do something we never did before. We're going to take this boat. We're going to go all the way to the middle of the Keys. We're going to cut through Marathon. We're going to go into the Gulf of Mexico, past all these different cities, all the way to Clear Water Beach where I live. So, so Eric can play with his jet ski that came with the boat. I'm going to have a friend of mine pull a trailer with a jet ski down to clear water. He'll meet us there when we get there with the boat. One niner. This is life for sale junior. Life for sale junior. We are coming in hot. Let's tow Aaron home on it like that. Reminds me I used to take him for pony rides. First of all, who goes to McDonald's and gets a sausage McMuffin? Sausage egg McMuffin with no cheese. Okay. And who gets it on a biscuit? Okay. You don't get it on a biscuit. You get it on a egg McMuffin. So now what I'm going to do, don't tell any Oh, I got busted. I got busted by the captain talking [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] about the captain. But this is the way. A sausage egg McMuffin with cheese. Screw that up. Yeah, they screwed that up. Is that them screwing it up, not you? Thank you, Captain. You're welcome. What happened to My dad called me to see if I was on the boat. were taking off and I told him I was still in the house. What are you talking about? I'll come out right now. I'll get on now. He's going to flip out. Watch. He's going to call everybody. Why you taking a picture? Cuz he don't believe you're on the boat. I'm on the boat. Hey. Bye. Right now we're doing about 25 knots. This boat cruises quite well. And fuel, do you really want to know? Yeah. Uh looking at it right now about 115 gallons an hour to get from Lauderdale to Marathon is going to burn about 700 gallons. This whole trip 2400 gallons I figure on the whole trip. The marina we're going to a bargain price of $6.99 a gallon. We're doing it. We're yachties. We're cruising, baby. Cruising the Atlantic just like Columbus did. All right, we made it to Farro Blanco. That means the white light that shines out so all the boats can see at night. Great place. We've been here before. We're back again. We're going to spend the night here. They got a pool. They got a hotel. They got a restaurant. They'll rent you a jeep. They got stores everywhere in this area. And if anybody gets a little seasick, the airport's right there. Get on a plane and go home. Listen, it's extra to go in the pool. You can't be in the pool. It's extra to be in the pool. The day we come, you take the day off. I have Fridays and Saturdays off. So, what are you Jewish now? Listen, it's seniority. I have seniority now. So, yeah. Are you coming to dinner tonight so we can pick on you? Yeah. I I think you you're here with the family. Do your family. What family? I got two kids that I brought to work on a boat. I got him. I got a captain. And what time you having dinner? I'll come back. Of course. I'm making you pick up the tail. Well, listen. I'll pick it up, but I'll hand it to you. Junior. Hey, Ben. Nice to meet you. Oh, nice to meet you. Great. Terrific. Okay. I'm going to come back down here without this guy. All right. Hey, how he's good looking. What happened to you? I'm going to come back. Your most expensive I ever picked up. Oh, yeah. I remember it was Ben. Mark Wilton talked us into going bar hopping in South Beach and all the fancy hotels and bars and we all went. I got Little Ben, all of us. Mark sticks little Ben with the tab. Basically, everybody walked away and left me there. You left your ass sitting there to take the tab. And how old were you? Like 18. How much was it? $4,600 bar bill. Probably safe down at that end of the table. Listen, let me cuz this place has gone down to hell. But I'm serious about what we talked about before. Sure. You worked in a hotel business before, right? I I opened most of the hotels in Marathon. You ever done any franchise stuff? Sure. Okay. What were you? GM. You were a GM in these hotels around here? I didn't know that. I buy things based on the people I know. Like I knew the captain, so I bought a boat. Blame me, would you? Now, if I know a guy that's a good GM, I'll go buy a hotel. Let's go. Questions. Have you ever done Marriott? No. And any franchise? What's the most Which franchise have you done? Hilton. You've done Hilton. That's good. That's good. What's the most rooms you ever run? Uh 220. That's close. That's the That's the ballpark. We're in the 200 plus zone. Okay. Now, the big question. If you walked into a a regular one full service hotel tomorrow as the GM or train to be one because if it's Marriott, you have certain credentials that you're going to have to get online or whatever. How much we got to pay you in Fort Lauderdale. Well, here we go. That's right. It's cheaper than here. It's cheap. 258, but the place is corporate and corporate ain't came back yet. It's still dead. So, you know, but you fix that. Not doing well. You fix that. Yeah, we got to fix it. Fix it. How you going to fix it? A million ways to do. I got sales people that ain't fixing it. Corporate is surrounded by corporate. Corporate hasn't come back yet because of co [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and zoom now. I agree. So, you know, whether you can improve it or not, that's a different story. But just to run it and maintain it, how much you need a year as a salary? I don't know. plus housing. Plus, we got no housing. Can we get you a little boat? You got to make friends wherever you go. Especially when you got a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] boat and you're out in the ocean. Yeah. So, you know, you got a friend over here, Marathon. It's going to help you because, you know, and you take care of him. Hey, come to dinner with us, you know, shoot the breeze. Now, it turns out he's got hotel experience. Maybe he's tired. He wants to get off the docks. Who knows? I tell you one thing, he's a working type guy. He he works his ass off here. Going to be our new general manager there. And we're going to get uh Brendon to take over a new hotel. Well, Pete the dot guy is also probably 20 grand to 30 grand less than any other general manager in that area. Maybe. And I'm going to start him off for 20 grand less than he asked for until he's trained to do what he needs to do. It might be a good move. You never know. You can try. I can make him an assistant GM for right away. And then Brendan will be the GM and she'll see if he's got cuts the mustard baby or on her side. And it's easy because he's living. Does he cut the salsa or not? Forget about all our problems right now. That's what the boat does. You know, when I'm on a boat, I don't look at my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] emails. I don't look watching TV or nothing. I just forget about all this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'll deal with it when I get back. Okay? I'm on my goddamn boat. I'll deal with it when I get back. If it's an emergency, call me and I'll deal with it. Right? See, when I get on the boat, I can spend time helping others instead of home helping him. Can't always get what you want. Just give me what I need. All right, let's have a nice dinner. Listen. So, I get to I get to the park. I get to the soup bowl. You know, they have the big silver thing with soup. You open up and there's all these, you know, little sauces and bowls stacked right next to the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] thing. So close. Anyway, I open up the cover. Something hit something and a bowl and a saucer fell in a big pot of soup. I didn't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] just do that, dude. And I looked around. I got the hell out of there. Taste it. There's three different kinds of them. Oh, he ate it. Look. See? Electricity. We got no electricity we still don't have electricity. Oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] We better just anchor out. I don't want I'm charging. I'm canceling that charge here. And here we are. We're in pretty much the middle of nowhere, but a beautiful place. This Vincent, I hope you're watching, is what the entrance pavers are supposed to look like at the front of our hotel. Okay. The stuff you put on get all broken up, cracked up, and got hauled away. That was a waste of money. Now do it like this. That's all they want. Simple, baby. Pave it. But pave it right. and believe in you. Try, you shall succeed. We're living it, baby. We got a yacht. We're at a dock. We're in the Keys. The water's beautiful. The weather's beautiful. Dinner was great. What else can you ask for? Hey, you know, everybody's got their own comfort level. I'm at mine right now. Puppy and a cigarette. Day two lunch. White castles. Still frozen on either side. No, it's crispy. The bread's getting too crispy. Maybe that's why you're not supposed to put them in the oven. This is how you got to cook white castles when you ain't got a goddamn microwave. Need a bigger boat. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I couldn't get this one on. Put this one on. This works. What the hell are you doing? Not level. Not level. Yes. [Applause] I told the captain to take me home for Fort Lauderdale. This is not what I meant. All right, welcome to our new home for approximately another month for the next month. And look who's here to welcome us. I'm going to get some owls and see if the owls scare off the pelicans. Cuz you better not [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ON MY GODDAMN BOAT, YOU [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] PELICANS. If I catch one of you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on my boat, you're going to be a cuck goose. You hear me? Oo, baby. Look at that instant railing. I prefer the ladder. I hate that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] night. No, that thing feels safe. All right, we made it. We're here at the Clear Water Beach Marina. It was a long hard trip. We came all the way from Fort Lauderdale. We stopped and spent the night in the Keys and then we came all the way to Clear Water Beach. Now I need a haircut. We got to get the boat washed and we got to clean this puppy up. to your new home. This looks great. Look at I love this. This is awesome. I love it. Holy moly. Jimmy Hart, your new home. I put my credit card in and took my Instead of a trailer, we're going to put you on a boat. Uber hair is here. Hey, you know who's You know who's the millionaire when he can bring his hairman all the way to his yacht to get his hair done. I'm very busy and I ain't got time to chase around no goddamn hairdresser. Let him come to me. I call Filipino hair cutter Mr. Miyagi aka cut hair, wash boat, sand floor. I've been out to sea for a whole week. I don't want to stand in the sinks of the boat. Hopefully we won't get in trouble for this. I'm gonna wash my hair out. Here up here. There you go. The towel boy. You got to do it like this. This is how you get your hair done when you're on a yacht. Filipino golden comb. This comb has been in his family for at least how long? A week. He got at the dollar store. One of those Chinese dollar stores. and I'm trying to spend the money on it and somebody should [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Forget the discussion. I'm on a boat. I got repair guys here and I'm trying to make the best of it, but I've been [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Subscribe. Watch another video. Hit the goddamn like button or hit the don't like button. Adios, amigos.

  Top Comments:
  1. @BenMallah [45 likes]: Real Estate Seminar https://benmallah.com/Live 
Talk to Ben over the phone! https://benmallah.com/product/consult_with_ben/
Instagram https://www.instagram.com/realbenmallah
TikTok https://www.tiktok.com/@benmallahlife
  2. @stevensinger8486 [1 likes]: Where's Mama?
  3. @NeonBotStudios: 85,000 a year what!? For a gm lol gm in Massachusetts won't get out the bed if it's not over 100k or more
  4. @JHARK312: Gulf of America Boss.  Boom!
  5. @coczWoT: 🔥🔥
  6. @stevensinger8486: $800./hr.  Kind of like $2500./month for a little apartment.
  7. @st.gregory: No women
  8. @ratherbeflying101: You're going to buy a 6 million boat  while you're eating a McDonald's sausage egg on a biscuit? At least add cheese for crying out loud
  9. @RiseCloud99: 11:10 Ben jr right crash out for not getting fkn cheese on a McMuffin
  10. @RamiMarkopoulos-w2x: Now it’s the Gulf of America😂😂
  11. @GuitarTomD: all of you guys have boobs
  12. @thekingofnothingatall1165: lil ben nooo biscuit way better
  13. @stevemorgan3964: 🤘🏻😂🤘🏻
  14. @paulgignac8573: Ben wants the stones, hook him up, he tips well!!
  15. @paulgignac8573: Was that Norah jones. That’s awesome!!
  16. @paulgignac8573: Smokes
  17. @paulgignac8573: 800 an hour doesn’t cover the fuel. Bahaha, who is buying the food. 😝
  18. @paulgignac8573: That’s a ship……
  19. @paulgignac8573: That boat sinks it’s catching fire. 🤣
  20. @paulgignac8573: Hybrid diesel and electric

- Flood Repair - Episode 40 - Lady K Sailing: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] On this episode of Lady K Sailing, we begin to make repairs after we had our near sinking incident. We explore Black Point and Staniel Key and we sail into Georgetown. Come on away the anchor. We're casting off the line. We're about the destination. The journey is divine. Welcome to the story of living our bold life. We're doing it our own way on Lady K. Sailing away on Lady K. Our MPPPT charge controller was toast, so we ordered a new one, sadly. Okay, so uh our water pump for our freshwater system right here um isn't turning on. I turned the switch on so I could test it with the voltmeter or the multimeter and see if it's getting power and it is. And then it started smoking. So yeah, luckily we bought this bad boy before we left home. Um so we're just going to swap out the freshwater pump with a new one and then we'll have our water system back online. Um the MPPPT controller is toast. I mean it's just so much wrong inside this thing. and the smell that smell of like fried electronics. So, we need to get a 50 amp charge controller. We're going to have to figure that out because there's not really shipping that comes to this island and Amazon and everything. It'll take months to get something here. So, we might have to sail it down to Georgetown without electricity. Uh, we'll see. We got a generator, though. And, uh, we have a backup battery charger that should be dry. So, we should be able to make power if we need to. And the diesel runs. We're going to change the oil, obviously. Okay, we're going to go do the job that I've been not wanting to do, which is I'll show you guys what really went wrong. It's kind of dark in here, but I think you'll be able to see. So, there's our paddle wheel, and it goes in that hole where the wooden bung is. So, we're going to pull that out and screw the paddle wheel back down, I think. Bucket sponge. right there. Nope. Okay, so the paddle wheel thing won't screw back on. I can get like two threads and then it goes pop and it comes back up. So, it's either not going in far enough or it's damaged in some way. It's very hard to see um the shaft that comes up through the hull. So, the threads look fine. I can feel them. They all feel great. I don't want to push down really hard on the paddle wheel thing because it is a big hole in the boat right there. Um, but anyway, I remembered we had this and I didn't know what it was for, but I know it came with the boat. It's the blank that goes in where the paddle wheel is. So, I'm going to try this one. It's the same sort of setup. It just doesn't have a paddle wheel and a wire coming out of it. So, going to try this and see what's what. It's a little unnerving whenever you take the thing off because water immediately gushes straight up through the hole, like a lot of water, very, very quickly. So, you got to work fast. Anyway, let's give it a shot. Nope. Same problem. Okay, so thanks to a bunch of people on the internet for suggesting ideas. Um, that seems like it's stripped or something. Like it's just not going more than three threads. So, I'm going to plaster it with 5200 marine sealant and put it back on as tight as I can get it without it jumping a thread. And then, uh, I built a wooden brace right here that is going to go in that cabinet and it's going to run from one wall to the other wall. sort of like here, but inside the cabinet. And conveniently, it'll go right across the top of the throughhole. So, that will stop the through hole from being able to go up. So, if the threads in the 30 or 4200 or 5200, I think I'm going to use 5200. If the threads are the 5200 don't hold it down, the cross brace inside the locker will hold it down. So, that should make us safe to get to Georgetown. And when we get to Georgetown, we are going to haul the boat out and we are going to get that throughhole completely filled because we don't use it anyway and uh it almost killed us. So, there's that. Anyway, that's the plan. Got to get some 5200. Oh, yeah. One more thing. I cleaned out the tool locker, which was below the flood line. So, we're going to lose a lot of tools. And sadly, the charger for the Makita drills, I have DeWalts and I have Makitas. The charger for the Makitas was underwater, so it's probably dead. I know I can probably salvage some of these tools by soaking them in fresh water and cleaning them all up and everything, but honestly, it's just not worth it. Um, for the price of a skill saw and a sander and stuff, it it's not worth the effort trying to save these things. So, and they're all really old. They're all very well used and they've had good lives, so it's time to let them go. So, uh, we have free garbage here. So, I'm going to make a couple garbage runs and get rid of some stuff. Okay, so the fix is in place. You saw me put the cap thing back in with all the glue, but I got my brace board in here now, and it's screwed in through each locker, and it is resting right on top of the through hole. So, if the through tries to go up, uh-uh, not happening. So, that's kind of nice. We'll uh use that to get us to Georgetown and then we'll haul the boat out and glass that stupid thing right over. But happy hour is coming up and now I actually feel safe to leave the boat, which is nice. I'm not trapped here anymore. Uh things are slowly coming back together. The bed's not uh well. All the cushions are outside strapped to the boom and the deck. Just trying to get them to dry. Probably going to have to leave them out there a few days. Um yeah, good. Very good. We got our little charge controller. We borrowed that from uh the boat next to us, Dutches. They were nice enough to lend it to us and we were gifted a new power inverter from another boat from uh Folly. So, pretty sweet. It's just rigged up temporarily, but uh yeah, it's uh it's working. It's uh only running one of our panels cuz it's a 30 amp controller and both of our panels will do as much as like 50 amps or 40 something amps. So, we don't want to push this thing too hard. But yeah, it's getting us a little bit of energy coming in. Running the generator right now and the big battery chargers hooked up. Uh we have that temporary one, this thing. It's got like the jumper cable ends. So I got that hooked up. Putting 31 amps in right now plus whatever the five or whatever we're getting from that thing. Um yeah, we're going to put in some amps and then uh call it a day. What a day. Anyway, holler at you guys later. Yeah, I'm awake. Okay, so the roosters. Anyways, morning guys. Um, it is Saturday, January 5th. We are still in Block Point. I'm just running into town now to get a few things. Uh couple provisions and then when I get back to the boat, we're going to load up and pull the anchor and head to Little Farmer's Key. So stay tuned. Should you ever come to Blackpoint, you need to go to Club Scorpio. They do happy hours uh cruisers happy hour on Tuesdays, Thursdays, and Fridays from 4 to 6. Got uh complimentary finger foods and really cheap rum punch drinks. Uh two for one and they're dangerous. Just beware. But uh if you go there, uh they've also got a DJ. His name is DJ and he's bum. That's uh yeah, that's it. And if you need your laundry done, which we did after almost losing the boat, I brought everything to Miss Ida here at Rockside Laundry. And she's fantastic. Got everything done within a couple hours and picked it up and helped me get in the dinghy. It was great. Okay, so that's Blackpoint right behind us where we have spent the last few days uh trying to dry the boat out. We're running good. We're following another boat, Dutches. Um just in case, you know, better safe than sorry. We're going to do about 10 miles today. We're going to go down to uh Farmer's Key, Little Farmers Key. Um the idea is we got to get to Georgetown, which is 50 mi away. So, we're going to do little hops, 10, 15 miles here and there to get to Georgetown over the course of the next week. Very slow. Take it really easy on the boat. And then when we get to Georgetown, we're going to pay and get it hauled out. And then we're going to work on glassing over any holes that are no longer used. There's two of them. So, uh I don't know if I'm confident enough to do it myself. So, we might have to pay somebody to blast them over. But, we'll see what's up. Anyway, wish us luck. It's kind of choppy. As you can probably see, it's just swell. So, it's not too bad. We're just going to do four knots and just chill. Heat. Hey, Heat. Heat. Heat. What's up? So, the boat's a lot better than it was. Uh, we've been staying in this little marina right here for two nights running the dehumidifier full blast the entire time we've been here cuz we're plugged in so we can um and it's much drier in the boat. Everything is getting much much drier. Um, we're gonna take a little walk around Farmer's Key and we're gonna show you guys around today. Um, it's super choppy. It's super windy, so uh, there'll probably be a lot of wind noise, so we won't be able to talk very much, but we will take the GoPro with us and we'll show you what's up in this little beautiful, very beautiful key, um, in sort of the southern or middle area of Exuma of the Bahamas. And yeah, that's that's it. It's nice and hot. Oh, oh. Hey. first ever fun salad. What do you think, babe? Pretty tasty. Pretty good. Yeah. Nice and crunchy. I haven't had crunch in a while. Oh, yeah. Some of them don't have fresh produce. The curly documentary, take a treat. Yeah, right. We're sitting there in Little Farm Key. Everybody's enjoying the having a good time. Yeah. Drinking some nice cold bears. Yeah. Wonder wondering when we rob later. I I'm I'm the director, the uh editor, everybody. I'm coach Kala guy. Oh Hold on. That is a moonshine jug. I don't think there's any moonshine in it. Okay. [Applause] Hey guys, it is What day is it today? Tuesday. Wednesday. Wednesday. And we just left Little Farmer's Key at about 6:30, 7:00 this morning. Slowly trekking our way down to So, uh, sorry, I thought I heard Lady K on the radio. Anyways, yeah, we're just motoring along, taking it easy. Tim's reading the book. Okay, so after steaming along on the engine with little to no wind for like 8 hours, uh we've done our 40 mi, 42 I think, and we are coming into sailboat heaven. Georgetown is famous. Georgetown Exuma famous amongst all the sailors. Uh most of the people that leave the states that just sail for the winter, they come here and they stay here for the the whole winter and then they go back after. So this is it. This is the spot. Apparently uh you can get pretty much anything you need. International flights. We got people coming in to visit. We ordered our charge controller by an outfit called Fly Crates. Flycrates.com. Um it's 120 bucks, but they will send anything from Amazon. They'll order it for you. They'll box it up and they'll get it here as long as you have a shipping address. So, I called the hardware store here. They said, "Yeah, ship whatever you want." So, should be in business for a charge controller. They got a really good cruiser's net in the morning where everybody talks on the VHFs with uh you know, used items for sale and things like that. So, we'll be paying real close attention to that cruiser's net cuz we need a lot of stuff. Um right after we almost sunk, actually that day, our wind list broke. So, we don't have a wind list anymore. We're hand bombing the chain again, which kind of sucks. But, you know, it is what it is. We're in the right spot now and we're amongst good company because everyone is here. There's probably 100 or 150 masks that I can see right now and that's just one anchorage. So, there's going to be more over there, more back at Emerald, and more inside the cove. Sweet place to be. One of the things about cruising that I never got to see before I actually left and I was really excited about was like a cruisers's anchorage. And I want to show you guys cuz oh, it's insane. And there's boats everywhere. Okay, so uh we're chilling in Georgetown. We're going to be here for probably like 2 months. Uh my mom's coming to visit and Jay's coming to visit and there's a big international airport right over there. So it's a convenient place to be chilling for a few months surrounded by Canadian boats. Like whoa. Um check it out. Canadian. Canadian. Canadian. Canadian. Canadian. Canadian. It's crazy. Like probably 50% of the boats here are Canadian boats. Wild. Apparently Canadians don't like the snow. Who would have thought? Um we're real close to Cruisers Beach right there. That's where all like the volleyball and the all the kind of crazy stuff happens with all the sailors. Um, and that's where Chat and Chill is, which is a sweet little spot. Um, they got like fresh food. They got the grill on all the time. Super super laid-back. Everybody's just chilling on the beach, picnic tables everywhere. Pretty awesome. Anyway, uh, so that's it for episode 40. Hope you guys enjoyed it. I wanted to give a huge shout out uh to the US Coast Guard for saving our butts. Um, also to all the other Boers that rallied around us in our time of need um, in the last episode. Um, it's just absolutely amazing. We had so many people coming up to the boat offering whatever they can do to help. Uh and then you guys uh everybody on YouTube, all the subscribers, uh if you haven't hit subscribe yet, please do. Um that's sort of what keeps the channel alive and and keeps us making videos and people watching. So sub subscribe if you uh if you're enjoying it. Um a lot of you guys have sent us a couple bucks here and there. Um become patrons, all that kind of stuff. That is going to go so far in replacing all of the bad electronics and um getting hauled out. And I mean what we have to do is going to be pretty expensive. we can afford it. We're fine. But I mean, we're not going to say no to help. We're also not going to ask for help. So, if you want to help, feel free, but you're not obligated to. Um, definitely not. So, um, anyway, that's it. I guess we will see you guys in a week when we're on episode 41, and that will probably be around the time we're hauling out. So, we'll see what's up. But, we'll keep filming. We'll get some videos in Georgetown and and all that stuff so we can show you guys around. It's pretty awesome here. Anyway, bye, guys.

  Top Comments:
  1. @strongbackmfg15 [2 likes]: Great work!
  2. @anonymous-dk1wb [2 likes]: The community that my sailboat is hooked at has a wonderful response community last month a boater was away when seacock hose failed and cracked under pressure someone noticed the boat was sitting low so everyone just springed into anction one person located the new hose and two others who had generator power and high suction hose got there started pumping while the others replaced the hose line and even after that myself and one other was at work so when we got off went down with fresh water and soap and started drying and diluting down the salt drying out any wet items i had a land spot to wash there clothes and everything went as calmly and organized as possible and i trust the community out there to do the same if anything happened while i was away. One individual went and moved my boat after a storm as my anchor slowly dragged my 100 feet of chain closer to another vessel and didn’t even know it was done till after of course i tip my fellow sailors with either extra gear or cash for assistance
  3. @donskinner9430 [1 likes]: I guess what can be gleaned from the near sinking or sickening panic... is to know where ALL factory holes are and be able to access them quickly and have bungs around in several locations. be aware in choppy conditions .... there can be structural damage as well ... I have heard of guys crashing into God knows what in high seas and not knowing until they can inspect the hull.  it is good to run the motor as well the heat will help dry things out and get moisture out of the motor too..... Glad you are ok.... Thank you for sharing...
  4. @lelandparker3507 [1 likes]: Definitely a near-miss with deep lessons.  Zingaro suffered the same failure of the speed wheel blowing out but I don't know if they were beating through waves or not.

Two tips...
1. you can place a piece of sail cloth, vinyl, or canvas against the exterior of the hull at the hole to dramatically reduce water ingress while the hole is open.  Of course, this means someone has to be under the hull, but a large piece of coarse, water-resistant fabric will cut water flow to a fraction like 1 to 3% compared to the open hole.
2. If possible, leave the wooden bung in.  It will swell and seal way better than any adhesive applied in a submerged environment.  Adhering the bung gives extra peace of mind, considering it will be hard to sleep well for a while even under the best of conditions.

SO GLAD you guys caught it in time and THANK YOU for documenting the incident so thoroughly.  You've probably already saved some lives with the lessons so graphically illustrated here and will continue in the future.

QUESTION: How deep was Lady K wallowing in the water relative to where wave action would start washing into the cockpit?
  5. @mitchpender8113 [1 likes]: Actually dude you are better off running a solar controller for each panel  so 2 30a controllers  having seperate controllers increases the charge current substantially
  6. @petebowen9031: I got hooked on the idea of sailing about a month ago as I’m getting close to retirement. Lady K videos have jumped out as my number one resource for information. Now I’m going back to see some of your earlier videos and I had no idea you had this experience! You’d think the harrowing experience of almost sinking would drive someone away from the lifestyle but seeing how the sailing community sprung into action to assist you is so inspiring!!! It’s actually motivated me more! However….not too sure I want the wife to see this one, still trying to get her “on board”! Lol, wonderful to see everything turned out good!
  7. @TheOffCycle: A plastic though hull below the waterline on any boat is improper... a plastic through hull on the bow of an ocean going vessel is idiotic. Even if the  through hull itself is stainless or bronze, capping it with a plastic part makes it a plastic through hull.
  8. @00708046: Note sometimes you can rinse  electronics with fresh water then dry them out totally and they come back .Do not test them otherwise  .
Both salt or running it wet will destroy it .
  9. @chrismulvey49: I have been thinking about emergency battery or batteries higher up in the boat.
  10. @gordonbradley6872: Bad place for the paddle wheel, when you are in a rough Sea.
  11. @lindajackson618: What a terrible ordeal to go through. I am glad you two and the boat were saved. It’s hard to think when a shocking life threatening event first happens. It’s mostly panick at first. You both kept your heads and dealt with it. I have never been on a sailboat out of fear. My dad always kept a pleasure boat and we spent weekends and holidays boating all over Florida, no fears I loved it. Didn’t even get scared when we got caught in a bad storm and the waves were way over the boat. My dad knew how to captain a boat. Having said all that because I would trust you and get on a sailboat. Be well.
  12. @aquious953: Plastic through hulls are the devil
  13. @robertscranton8293: Excellent work you guys...Wow...what a few days you had...
  14. @SamuelKTennis: It makes a very disconcerting noise when you pull the plug as well!
  15. @yru435: I really appreciate your vlog, and I find your commentaries interesting.
I am curious why you did not try to also plug the leak from the outside. It would have made inspection and repair easier I think.
My curiosity continues: on a boat that big, would it not be a good idea to have a pair of automatic bilge pumps, instead of one
that was 'on its last legs' ?
  16. @chuckleber3484: I thought those through hulls were supposed to have a flapper to minimize water flow when swapping/pulling speedo wheel?
  17. @fredbalster3100: That was the best day of your life.  Shit always happens.  You were very lucky to get the help you got. You also had the wits to figure out the problem.  Kudo's to you. Life is good.
  18. @captainsteve5475: Flex seal patch on the outside would stop the water pressure. Can be applied underwater. I always have a can on board.
  19. @mitchpender8113: Yeah just read a few of the comments placing a bung inside the boat will stop rhe leak  temporarily but a narrow tapered timber bung installed from outside the boat malleted in the taper is usually long enough so you can run a pin through the top of the thru hull , this fix will stay in place when the boat is moving  no matter what the sea state ..
  20. @ttigrmbrown: Sorry if I missed it, but did you ever figure out which part failed?  Since both the plug and the transducer failed to screw down tight, I assume it has to be the threaded portion, but it seems like that would be visible.  I have a similar setup and I'm about to head to that same location... I don't want to make a similar video!

- CATAMARAN LIVING IN BAHAMAS | Boat Life Tools & The O'Kellys Ep. 69: Kind: captions Language: en our technician from hakuna's boat he's&nbsp;going to tell you guys all about his favorite boat gadgets we're going inside the&nbsp; caves with the dinghy the bahamas is so so beautiful we are in extremely&nbsp; shallow water shallow waters and they are megan and nick, The O'kellys I'm Andrea, that's Alejo those are bears ozzy and echo and this is our&nbsp;home hakuna subscribe to join us every sunday as we explore the world above and below the&nbsp;surface so baby what are you doing right now i'm trying to fix our anchor&nbsp; roller the little roll broke off so i'm making a new thing that goes through here to our&nbsp;anchor roller so it can roll so we don't get a rusty chain and yeah that's it who messed that up well someone was backing up too hard i messed up and so show me what's your favorite tool and what&nbsp; you recommend anybody living on a sailboat to have&nbsp;&nbsp; this little guy what is that? would you have been able to fix half of&nbsp; the things that you've had to fix on the boat without it it's a rotary tool no this comes in handy&nbsp; for everything everything i do i use this and i have this little box with everything like&nbsp;all the little attachments so it's perfect yep what did you do there? trying to cut&nbsp; i'm gonna cut this to the right size welcome aboard thank you cool we made it to a little pool it's&nbsp; closed and then on the other side&nbsp;&nbsp; it's like blue, super dark blue ocean it's crazy how beautiful this&nbsp; is and i'll show you guys look at all the little rocks god the bahamas is so so beautiful it like&nbsp; never stops surprising you it's so amazing baby what are you doing there tiny natural pool we're going inside the cave with&nbsp; the dinghy at this is mid tide, I don't know no, it's almost low tide we are at the Rocky Dundas and we're gonna go in with the dinghy and see&nbsp; if we fit all right do it everyone assume your position watch your head people, watch your head oh my god we are in the cave where there are stalagmites and stalactites echo, echo all right this is pretty cool huh check this out it's pretty awesome what do you think it's crazy huh&nbsp; but there's no fish there's no fish pretty cool echo all right so we're gonna check the other one out&nbsp;&nbsp; and back on back inside&nbsp; the dinghy to exit the cave watch your head watch your head people made it out and this is the other cave but&nbsp; this one it's a lot smaller do you feel like getting wet it's not perfectly&nbsp; slack-tied and so it's really choppy in there and i think we're good we're good we're&nbsp; good so guys we have been pretty lazy today the day has been very cloudy and&nbsp;a little bit cold very choppy outside so we're just making water so we can make&nbsp; some laundry tomorrow and since we don't&nbsp;&nbsp; buy any more oreo cookies because i eat them all&nbsp; in one day so now i bought this it's a mega cookie we're gonna make some cookie six inch cookie let's get started the cooky is now in the oven so we're gonna bake it for 20 minutes and&nbsp; we'll see how it comes out so i just took the cookie out of the oven doesn't&nbsp; look too pretty but it tastes good i know it looks like poop she's making some videos&nbsp; for you guys so make sure to hit that like button so we are on the move again and we are in extremely shallow water shallow&nbsp; waters people like how shallow i don't know it might be touching the ground but we're just gonna&nbsp; like cruise along slide through the ground so it is high tide and we're gonna cross through a part&nbsp;that's like super shallow but the reason why we're doing that is because we don't want to go all the&nbsp;way around staniel which is like super super long so we want to cross through this part but it is&nbsp; like less than three feet uh under the keel it gets to more shallow areas so a little bit maybe&nbsp; we might have like zero zero zero we use two different nautical charts we use navionics and we&nbsp; also use aquamaps it's really really good for the&nbsp;bahamas and they say that you need to look&nbsp; at the water because it's really really shallow and you can probably tell it's&nbsp; really really shallow okay was it really shallow baby it's&nbsp; getting darker here it's getting darker so this is very nerve-wracking but but yeah&nbsp; it says that you have to look at all times&nbsp;&nbsp; at the water what are you looking for&nbsp; you're looking for corals because if you&nbsp;&nbsp; have a little coral or if you have a little rock&nbsp; when you have like one feet or two feet of water&nbsp;&nbsp; you're done you're screwed like you're&nbsp; stuck there so that's what we're looking for so you can't do this unless the water&nbsp; is crystal clear as it is here because&nbsp;&nbsp; then you won't be able to see anything&nbsp; we got to zero one feet two feet that's&nbsp;&nbsp; as good as it's getting like right now we're&nbsp; in pretty deep water considering the situation our draft is 4.5 so we are able to fit&nbsp; through this super shallow route but&nbsp;&nbsp; for instance a monohull with a six-foot&nbsp; draft wouldn't be able to go through here&nbsp;&nbsp; for sure they would uh run aground for sure captain how are you feeling jesus that was close were you feeling nervous? yes our depth it&nbsp; was like zero zero zero zero negative zero and were you nervous? a little bit yeah did you&nbsp; feel like you were gonna hit? we were going like at 1.5 knots so if we hit we just put reverse&nbsp; and try again or maybe just go back who knows but we made it were you worried at any point that you&nbsp; were going to hit and not be able to&nbsp;&nbsp; like get stuck and run around and have a boat pull you out no, this is full sandy bottom so if we hit we're just gonna stop and then we'll&nbsp; back back out okay not a big problem i think okay so you weren't worried we're good we're&nbsp; good to go people so where are we going right now? we are going i don't know, where are we going&nbsp;&nbsp;? to another cave another little&nbsp; island this is like the south south so andrea where are we going we are exploring we're going exporing we're going to try to become better spear fisherman's women we're&nbsp;going to see if we find a lobster do you know how you're going to kill&nbsp; the lobster we're going to twist it twist the tail and the head so guys we cut our snorkeling&nbsp; short because the current was&nbsp;ripping it was super super strong so&nbsp; we just had to drift on the dinghy and but it was a beautiful beautiful reef that&nbsp; would have been lovely if it was slack tide but&nbsp;&nbsp; it wasn't and the second reason is because&nbsp; we're having guests over tonight for dinner&nbsp;&nbsp; and you might know them and they are megan and&nbsp; nick, The O'kelly's hello guys thanks for having us this is so fun it's great to have you guys here this is like i mean all the youtube super powers are uniting we may explode to multiple videos with multiple topics so two quick questions what's your&nbsp; favorite thing about living on the boat&nbsp;&nbsp; and what's your least favorite thing&nbsp; about living in a boat good questions i think my favorite thing is just the beauty&nbsp; at all times you're just surrounded it doesn't&nbsp;&nbsp; matter if you're you know in water that's&nbsp; not even that nice it's just that open space&nbsp;&nbsp; and that quiet peace that connection with&nbsp; nature wow well said hard to beat that one right I know! that's why I went first she looks better than i do, she's&nbsp; always prettier, I'm the ogre&nbsp;&nbsp; i'm gonna say it a different way but it's the same&nbsp;&nbsp; yeah i just feel instantly like mellowed out like&nbsp; if i'm worked up about something like i don't know&nbsp;&nbsp; traffic or whatever and then i get on a boat like&nbsp; somebody else's boat our boat whatever i'm just&nbsp;&nbsp; like yeah all is right with the world, that's all&nbsp; good yeah totally yeah and then on the other side it's probably the worst thing um like always&nbsp; a long boat list like there's always something&nbsp;&nbsp; to do so i'm relaxed i'm chilled out then i'm&nbsp; thinking hmm that hinge i gotta replace that hinge yep&nbsp;&nbsp; so i'm always kind of thinking about what&nbsp; to do not that calm because you always have something on your list right exactly yeah what&nbsp;about you Megan? It's a balance because it calms you down, I guess but it also makes you anxious yeah yeah god the worst&nbsp;thing i mean i guess it's just gonna be rough weather at night in the middle of the night oh that's way better that's way better yeah oh oh i forgot i forgot there's weather right no&nbsp; no like when you're anchored and you're just so ready to be all mellow and chilled out and then&nbsp; you're like oh i'm just getting thrown around the bed or whatever but that doesn't happen very much&nbsp; no no it doesn't you forget about it you know so yep well it's great to have you guys here so nick and megan they brought lobster and it looked really really good giant lobster&nbsp; it was the grandfather lobster of all the lobsters oh yes and now we're making taquitos lobster&nbsp; taquitos and that's like a tacos we had a great time with the o'kelly's it was great&nbsp; to meet someone else that not only shares our lifestyle but also our part-time job so if you&nbsp; haven't head over to their channel and subscribe oh yeah is it good oh we need a barbecue we&nbsp; need a barbecue so guys we had a great time last night with megan and nick and i am&nbsp;very excited because today our technician from hakuna's boat he's gonna tell you&nbsp; guys all about his favorite boat gadgets hello sir what's up people so today we're gonna&nbsp; cover like uh from the basics to things that like we own to repair things on the boat&nbsp; that we usually need when we're not like&nbsp;&nbsp; near land so here we have two basic tool sets&nbsp; uh we have a metric one and a millimetric one&nbsp;&nbsp; so since the boat is french they use metric so&nbsp; yeah we have three of these ones in the boat&nbsp;&nbsp; uh we have two small ones and one big one&nbsp; that has like i don't know like 300 pieces&nbsp;&nbsp; or something like that the reason that that we&nbsp; have more than one tool set is because usually one tool set has like one number ten one three&nbsp; eighths so just in case if we lose one we have another tool set with another like piece of that&nbsp;same size so it's good to have more than one next we have pliers so we have&nbsp; a bunch of them like different sizes and shapes and everything because usually i&nbsp; mean they're gonna get rusty they're gonna&nbsp;&nbsp; stop working and there are some places in&nbsp; the boat that you just have to grab something&nbsp;&nbsp; so you have like weird shapes like this one or&nbsp; this one which is like i don't know like twisted then the one that you can make bigger&nbsp; so yeah so we have a bunch of them&nbsp;&nbsp; and we use them from just to take out the impeller&nbsp; or little pieces like they fall down a little hole&nbsp;&nbsp; and then you just need like a weird position&nbsp; so it will be good to have as many as you can&nbsp;&nbsp; not just one because i that one can get rusty&nbsp; like this one and it's gonna get harder so we&nbsp;&nbsp; have another one to replace this one but i'm not&nbsp; gonna open it until it stops working another basic thing on the boat is hammers so we got the regular&nbsp;one which we use almost for anything from opening&nbsp;&nbsp; cunks to opening coconuts we use this one then&nbsp; we have like a technical one to straighten out&nbsp;&nbsp; like metal or like bend something to a certain&nbsp; shape which is really good we use this one to&nbsp;&nbsp; fix the batten like one of the middles of the&nbsp; batten was like bent and with this one you just&nbsp;&nbsp; hit it like real soft and we could be able like&nbsp; we got it pretty straight and then we have a&nbsp;&nbsp; rubber one which it doesn't damage like metal or&nbsp; anything so we could just hit things pretty hard&nbsp;&nbsp; and it works another real basic thing that you&nbsp; need that is very common you even have it in your&nbsp;&nbsp; home is screwdrivers we have a bunch of them here&nbsp; in the boat and as you can see they get really&nbsp;&nbsp; really rusty like really rusty so it's better&nbsp; if you have replacements and different sizes you&nbsp;&nbsp; can find screws that are really small to really&nbsp; big so we have like a tool set even to open up a&nbsp;&nbsp; computer which is really small screwdrivers&nbsp; to the big ones so yeah it's good to have&nbsp;&nbsp; a lot of sizes and more than one piece per size&nbsp; will be ideal another thing will be a drill&nbsp; we can't live with without the drill and so the&nbsp; most common things we use with the drill will be&nbsp;&nbsp; drill heads we have two sets of this ones the&nbsp; other set and then this thing which is like a kit so we have a bunch of like regular&nbsp; screws and weird like square or star&nbsp;&nbsp; and as you can see there's more than one and&nbsp; we have this little box with a bunch of them right they're gonna get rusty and&nbsp; you're gonna have to throw them away&nbsp;&nbsp; so yes very important to have more than one&nbsp; and believe me i try to keep them like um&nbsp;&nbsp; dry i don't wet them like in&nbsp; salt water and if i do i put&nbsp;&nbsp; dw40 and lub them up store them they they i mean they're gonna get rusty either way you're getting a boat need a lot of zip ties so&nbsp; we use zip ties for almost everything i mean we use this just to like be able to put cables like&nbsp; put them in a fixed place or if we need to fix&nbsp;&nbsp; something temporarily we use zip ties so we have&nbsp; all sizes strengths thick ones small ones white ones&nbsp;&nbsp; we have everything here in&nbsp; the book really small ones&nbsp;&nbsp; so yeah zip ties it's a must have i mean for&nbsp; me i don't know for you guys but for me boom multimeter very important you need it for&nbsp; everything uh we use it for our batteries to&nbsp;&nbsp; measure the i don't know the voltage to our&nbsp; water pump so when anything electric fails&nbsp;&nbsp; you need this you don't have one get one and if&nbsp; you can get two get two next one will be this which is like a bar that we use to connect&nbsp; like those wrench heads or like the the cups&nbsp;&nbsp; so we use this for any heavy duty engine&nbsp; removals uh if i didn't have have this i&nbsp;&nbsp; couldn't be able to remove the alternator&nbsp; and the turbos from the engines which i did&nbsp;&nbsp; before and i needed this 100% so i recommend&nbsp; getting one of these ones for your boat so now i'm gonna go over some things that are&nbsp; not usually on a boat or maybe they are but&nbsp;&nbsp; so we have a crowbar something&nbsp; gets stuck really hard to get off&nbsp;&nbsp; or um if you need to move an alternator to&nbsp; tighten up the belt and it's really rusty and&nbsp;&nbsp; you can't move the alternator and you already like&nbsp; unscrew like the screws to make it loose crowbar&nbsp;&nbsp; blah blah blah make it tight good to go&nbsp; so yeah must have on a boat next one up will be this this is a little magnet&nbsp; so it can get stuck to anything plus&nbsp;&nbsp; you can make it long so if you lose a bulb and&nbsp; not a washer or anything in a really tight space&nbsp;&nbsp; this is gonna save you plus it has a little light&nbsp; at the end so it's really cool for like dark&nbsp;&nbsp; spaces tight spaces you take this grab it take&nbsp; it out and that's it it's gonna save you next one uh heat measuring laser so this could help&nbsp; you with the batteries engine or anything&nbsp;&nbsp; that you measure the temperature we don't use&nbsp; it regularly but if we need it we have it and&nbsp;&nbsp; the last tool will be this one it's very useful&nbsp; to untighten fuel filters oil filters even um&nbsp;&nbsp; strainers the cap when it's like sealed and&nbsp; you can't get it open you put this around it&nbsp;&nbsp; and pull up real easy to take off the caps or&nbsp; filters so it's a must-have on your boat and my&nbsp;&nbsp; favorite tool will be the rotary rotating&nbsp; tool which is the motor tool or i don't&nbsp;&nbsp; or i don't know how to how you call it so&nbsp; with this you could cut cut metal polish metal&nbsp;&nbsp; uh take a little piece of metal off real quick&nbsp; and you can make anything on wood plastic metal um&nbsp;&nbsp; so yeah so it's very handy and in a boat sometimes&nbsp; you need to fit some little metal piece or modify&nbsp;&nbsp; some little metal piece to get it working so yeah&nbsp; this is a must-have on a boat and last will be&nbsp;&nbsp; this soldering for electric things so we&nbsp; use it for cables so it's pretty basic it has the&nbsp;&nbsp; little thing to weld like the cable the heater&nbsp; and it's recharge rechargeable with uh butane so&nbsp;&nbsp; yeah it's pretty basic some electric things&nbsp; you need to fix in the middle of the ocean like&nbsp;&nbsp; your water pump or a bilge pump or anything that&nbsp; you just a little alarm a switch or anything&nbsp;&nbsp; this comes in very very handy so that's&nbsp;it for today thank you guys for watching make sure to hit that subscribe&nbsp;button and give us a thumbs up peace

  Top Comments:
  1. @LivingHakuna [11 likes]: Enjoyed this video? Let us know by liking and posting a comment! ➜ WATCH NEXT, 3 dinghies rescue 42ft catamaran after running aground: https://youtu.be/i6pGmnb0_P0
  2. @2thelight [1 likes]: OMG! Be still my heart;)
  3. @MrJerobona [1 likes]: So cool to see the OKelly's!
  4. @mitsstim2664: That cave was amazing, excellent video.
  5. @DavidHernandez-op4tg: WD-40 or Boeshield T-9 will be your tools best friend and help with the rust. Also to get that rust off buy some rust off, pour it into a bucket dump your tools in the bucket and the rust will come off. Also I would invest in some sort of small vice to hold things while you are cutting.
  6. @rocca-5513: A vice is better than a shaking hand ?
  7. @douglascolman4501: New subscriber from the Philippines. Great video and scenery. Will be following your entertaining channel with interest.
There's a product called LANOTEC. Comes in a spray can or in bulk.
Spray metal things and they won't rust. It's made from the oil in sheeps wool.
Take care of each other.
  8. @mikekruger8806: Hi guys,  I really like your lifestyle and videos. Im originally from south Africa but live near Las Vegas now working in a solar plant.  I really think your lifestyle would be great for cryptocurrency investing.. i wouldn't mind showing you how to get started
  9. @donsprague1211: You don't need to replace your tools. Take steel wool clean the rust off, take your rag with cooking oil, lightly rub the metal on the tools with cooking oil ,and they will last forever with no rust.
  10. @nathanixslade: This toll Its a Dremel?
  11. @bryonensminger7462: Just give those rusty pliers a shot of WD 40 or PB Blaster open and close a few times and their good as new
  12. @bryonensminger7462: Yeah and not only if you lose one but a lot of time to get a bolt off you need one to hold  the bolt and one to take off the nut
  13. @stevemills1105: Is yours a 15 or 20 HP Dinghy motor?   Great video. Thanks!
  14. @MrGolf1235: Thanks guys loved it.
  15. @GODXPRO999: keep it up like this love from india
  16. @sailinghonutime: You guys are so fun! Thanks for being you! Keep up the good work creating fun stuff for us to watch every week! Inspirational! 🙏😊🐢
  17. @karlb3092: Another great video...thanks for sharing.
  18. @ngml320: Is your catamaran dual engines
  19. @stuartestes5337: Poor people they are young and stupid, but I love watching! I promise in 1 year they will have everything figured out. Great young couple I'm on your side.
  20. @MrJerobona: WoW !!! Amazing cave !!!

- BREAKING: Coast Guard Finds Mystery Boat That Watched Everything — Its Owner Still Missing: Kind: captions Language: en Investigators say a fellow sailor might just have the clues that they need. Somebody was there, right there, anchored just yards away from Soulmate, Brian and Lynette Hooker's yacht [music] in the still dark water of Aunt Pat's Bay on the night Lynette disappeared. Close enough to hear voices carry across the water. Close enough to see lights moving on deck. Close enough to hear a splash. And right now, 1 month later, that person has not said a single word to investigators. The Coast Guard has their photographs, two grainy images of a sailboat sitting in calm water, the exact [music] vessel moored next to Soulmate that night. They know the boat exists. They cannot find the person who was on it. And that, more than any timeline contradiction, more than any evidence gap, tells you exactly how much of that night is still buried. Subscribe. Hit that bell. May 5th, 2026. [music] 1 month after Lynette disappeared. US Coast Guard [music] Southeast posted two photographs on X at noon on a Monday. No press conference. No carefully worded statement. No update call with journalists. Just two grainy images and nine words underneath. "CGIS is looking for the owner of the sailboat moored near the SV Soulmate." These are not communications officers sending [music] routine updates. CGIS, the Coast Guard investigative service, works directly with the Department of Justice. Federal criminal investigators. The kind who do not post photographs on social media unless every quiet channel has already been exhausted. For weeks they [music] searched. Marina records in Elbow Cay. Vessel registration databases. The tight [music] sailing networks that populate the Abacos every spring. Nothing came back. So they did the one thing federal agencies do only when they are out of options. They asked us. Posted two photographs on a Monday and said, "Does anyone out there know who this is?" When that happens, when investigators with federal databases and maritime records go public like this, you are not watching a routine inquiry. You are watching a criminal investigation that needs one witness badly enough to admit it cannot find them alone. Aunt Pat's Bay is not a marina. >> [music] >> Not a busy port where boats come and go and nobody notices anything. It is a quiet anchorage. A handful of vessels sitting in calm water. The kind of place where sound travels so clearly across the surface that you can hear a conversation on the next boat without even trying. Voices carry on open water. Arguments carry. Movement on deck carries. A splash carries. >> The person on that mystery sailboat moored just yards from Soulmate was not in a position to miss something happening on the boat beside them. Close enough to call out from one deck to the other. Close enough to see exactly what was happening on that yacht. If something happened on Soulmate that night, if voices were raised, if something fell, if anyone went into that water, the person anchored right beside it heard it. They may have seen it. One month later, not a word. Brian Hooker is a former United States Marine. Carly Ailesworth, Lynette's daughter, raised this specifically in her interviews and it has not gotten the attention it deserves. The Marine Corps does not produce people who freeze. It produces people trained to respond [music] under pressure, in darkness, in physical stress, in conditions that would overwhelm most people entirely. Brian Hooker has that training. And he says, on the night of April 4th, [music] he watched his wife go into the water and could not reach her. Could not drop anchor to stop the dinghy drifting. Could not swim toward her. Could not cover the 1,000 yd back to Soulmate where a working radio was sitting on board. Just could not. Carley told NewsNation exactly what she thought about that. Why wouldn't he drop [music] anchor and look for her? Or swim to find her? A former Marine in waters he had spent years navigating could not reach his wife. Three days after Lynette disappeared, Brian made a phone call to friends. They recorded it. They posted it to YouTube. [music] In it, he describes that night in his own words. Unfiltered. No attorney in the room. No prepared statement. He calls the whole thing a cascade of failures. He says they stayed too long. Left too dark. No life jackets. And when he tries to explain why a Marine could not reach his own wife in the water, he lands on this. >> Can't really explain it, you know, a former Marine. Watching his wife disappear into water he knew better than most people ever will. Can't really explain it. 7:30 p.m., two people leave in a dinghy. 4:00 a.m., one person arrives at a boatyard. Eight and a half hours. Not a single minute of that time spent calling the Coast Guard directly. Not from the dinghy, not from a beach, not from anywhere. A stranger at the Marsh Harbour boatyard made the call. The former Marine did not. And a local bartender named Ken, who served them that evening at the Abaco Inn, told the New York Post something that has been sitting in this investigation quietly. He never actually saw Lynette at the bar. Two and a half hours. Brian was there. Brian ordered drinks. Brian sat at that pool bar for the full two and a half hours. >> The woman Brian says was sitting right there beside him, the bartender never saw her face. Never spoke [music] to her. Never had any interaction with her at all. "I didn't see the lady," Ken said. "I didn't [music] get to talk to her or anything like that." One bartender. One detail. One evening. Sitting quietly inside an investigation already full of things that do not add up. And then there is the phone call Carly received. The one that came a full day after Lynette disappeared. Brian called her. Monotone. Calm. Matter-of-fact. "Hey, your mom is missing. We don't know where she is." Carly told the Today show she was in shock. Not just at the news, but at his tone. "I was in shock by both the news and his tone," she said. A man who had just lost his wife of 25 [music] years on the phone with her daughter. Monotone. A local boat captain who has spent his entire life on those waters spoke to Fox News Digital. He described the area around Elbow Cay plainly. Crystal clear. Sometimes only 4 ft deep. You can see the bottom from the surface. Sea turtles visible. Stingrays visible on the sand. And [music] then he said what he would see if a person drowned there. "I would see a human body." Lynette Hooker has been missing for more than a month in water that this man says a body would not disappear in. She has not been found. No trace. In 4-ft clear water where sea life is visible from the surface. That has no comfortable explanation. Brian once described sailing with Lynette in one word, "Fantastic." He told CBS News the two of them were like co-captains. Equal partners on the water. A unit. Then CBS News found the text messages. Private ones. Sent by Lynette to someone she trusted months before she disappeared. [music] In those messages she was not talking about island sunsets. She was worried about Brian. About the marriage, [music] about the life they were living together on that boat. The woman Brian called his co-captain was privately telling someone a completely different story. The camera showed one version of this marriage, the messages showed another. Blaine Stevenson had no obligation to speak publicly. [music] He is Brian's friend, not family, not law enforcement, nobody with anything to gain. He went to CBS News anyway. And he told them he had already sent Brian a message directly before going public. He described what he wrote. >> They trusted you with their loved one, and you didn't live up to it. Not a grieving family member. Not an investigator building a case. A friend who has sat on that boat with this couple. Who has shared meals with them. Who knows who Brian Hooker actually is behind the camera. Saying you were trusted with their life. And you failed. So, now's the time for you to live up to that. And take care of them. And give them the answers they're looking for. Lynette's mother, Darlene Hamlet, did not sit and [music] wait. She drove to the Bohemian consulate in Miami herself. Got a passport. [music] Was ready to travel to the islands alone to find her daughter. She told [music] the Associated Press she had not heard from Brian in almost 2 days since Lynette disappeared. 2 days. From the man who named his boat Soulmate. Who called Lynette his co-captain. Who described their marriage as fantastic, had not called her mother. Darlene said she would be very interested in what Brian says, not what he has said. What he says. Because Brian has given multiple versions of the same night to different people. What he told investigators. What he told his friends. What he said on camera on April 14th, hours before he boarded a flight out of the Bahamas. >> Each version was something slightly different. Each version with a hole. Darlene has heard all of them. And she is still waiting for one that holds together. CBS News called Brian's attorney when the latest developments broke. Crystal Hauser picked up the phone. And hung up. No statement. No referral to a prepared response. Just click. [music] Brian himself has not spoken publicly since leaving the Bahamas. On April 14th, he told ABC News [music] his sole focus was finding Linette. That he would stay no matter how long it took. Hours later, he boarded a flight to Michigan. While Coast Guard [music] investigators stayed in the Bahamas. And this week, CBS News confirmed those investigators are conducting live interviews. Not reviewing old files. Not waiting on lab results. Live interviews. New witnesses. New conversations. One month in, the investigation is moving faster than Brian may realize. The sailing community that moves through the Abacos each spring is not a collection of strangers passing through. These are people who follow the same weather windows, anchor in the same bays, share radio channels, and recognize the same boats year after year. Aunt Pat's Bay is a deliberate anchorage. The owner of that mystery sailboat chose that Bay specifically. They set their anchor. They spent the night yards from Soulmate. AIS tracking systems log vessel movements automatically throughout these waters. Marinas keep records. [music] Docks in Hopetown see the same faces season after season. Someone knows that Someone was in that anchorage the same night and remembers it coming in. The Coast Guard is counting on exactly Because the sailing world is small and it talks. The mystery boat owner may be somewhere out on the water right now island hopping, off-grid, completely unaware that the United States federal government has posted photographs of their vessel asking for their identity. Or they know and they have decided to stay [music] quiet. Both of those possibilities are on the table. Both matter enormously to this investigation. Lynette Hooker documented everything. Four years of footage, diving, laughing, cooking on deck, swimming alongside sea turtles in water so clear you could see every grain of sand below. She was completely alive in every frame. Her daughter Carly has not stopped fighting since the morning she got that call. Interviews, tips, social media. Two hours sitting across from Coastguard investigators laying out every detail she knows. >> She has said the same thing every single time. I just want to know what happened. Not revenge. Not a headline. The truth about what happened on the water on April 4th. And somewhere out on that water on a sailboat that federal investigators have been looking for quietly for weeks and publicly for days, there may be a person who was anchored close enough to hear exactly what that truth sounds [music] like. Someone who either does not know anyone is looking for them. Or knows and has decided to say nothing. If you recognize the sailboat in the Coast Guard photographs, if you were anchored in Aunt Pats Bay near Elbow Cay on the night of April 4th, or if you know anyone who was sailing in that area, contact [music] investigators immediately. Submit tips completely anonymously through the CG's tips app on the Apple App Store or Google Play. Coast Guard [music] Investigative Service 1-800-368-5647 Royal Bahamas Police Force +1-242-322-4444 Share this video. The person on that boat may not know anyone is looking for them. One share could be the [music] thing that reaches Subscribe. Hit that bell. Lanette deserves the truth and somewhere on the it is still out there.

  Top Comments:
  1. @lindamiller5819 [11 likes]: If anyone that scuba dives near elbow cay please look near reefs. I believe he weighed her down and tied her to something! Thanks to everyone helping search for her. Praying for her and her family. JUSTICE FOR LYNETTE
  2. @kimballentyne3482 [6 likes]: Great job!  Trace the ownership of the Azura / AZZURRA (as shown on the side starboard side in Ashley Banleigh's footage.  Where was it registered?  What is it's radio call sign?  Alert all ports, anchorages, marinas etc.
  3. @jodyhallum9232 [2 likes]: Thanks to ASHLEY BANFIELD and her investigation of missing Lynette and visit to the island; this is now a criminal investigation!
  4. @MarthaThompson-k9v [2 likes]: I hope Lynette is found soon. Something is definitely off in Brian’s story and Lynette’s family deserves justice. I pray for her family and that they find the answers they seek about her disappearance.❤️❤️
  5. @drdeb_ocherry [1 likes]: AZZURA, Musicians were on board, probably engaged in criminal activities. What musicians were partying in the bahamas Easter weekend? Shouldn't be hard to find out, they have a name. But ppl pay ppl off, and that's what's going on with the "Royal Bahamians", lol❣️
  6. @Waterotter-zh8fj: More AI slop ffs. Enough already.

- Why Bahamas Sharks Are Thriving - Conservation, Tourism, and Underwater Adventure: Kind: captions Language: en Sharks definitely have an image problem. After all, they do on rare occasion kill people. But what's not commonly known is that they're in deep trouble globally. The population of some species [music] has declined by more than 90% due to over fishing and our insatiable appetite for shark fin soup. Larger animals such as hammerheads, oceanic white tips, and tiger sharks are disappearing fast. There's one place in the world where sharks still flourish. The Bahamas. In the crystalline waters of this island nation, sharks are highly protected. It's illegal to kill them. Stuart Cole's great passion is sharks. Traveling in his small plane, he helped spread a gospel of shark advocacy across the Bahamas. A successful entrepreneur and self-described shark geek, Stuart and his dedicated staff have introduced thousands of scuba divers to these much maligned creatures. Shark tourism is his business. And the most soughtafter and prestigious job at his operation is shark feeder. Competition for a handful of positions is tough. It's also a family affair. Stuart Cole's teenage children, Sasha and Travis, are both veteran shark wranglers. >> [music] [music] >> with a dramatic increase in attacks and fatalities in recent years. Sharks can't seem to shape their bad reputation. They could sure use some help with their public relations. Demand for their fins, jaws, and meat grows each year. There is one remarkable country, though, where sharks are not hunted. Shark populations are in trouble globally. >> 30% of shark and ray species around the world are endangered. >> It's a [music] demand for shark fins, liver oil, and other products that have driven numerous populations to the brink of extinction. >> The people of the Bahamas take the plight of sharks very seriously. Please, >> please, please, please, >> please protect our sharks. [music] >> In 2011, the tiny nation outlawed all forms of commercial shark fishing and international trade in shark [music] products. >> The Asian market for shark fins. They look everywhere. You know, anywhere there's a shark, they're going to send boats. And of course, everybody knew that the Bahamas had this incredible population of sharks. And so they started sending scouts into communities talking to fishermen. Hey, would you like to get involved in this incredible industry? Catch sharks, we'll buy the fins, you know, and it started pretty quietly, but they were in a number of communities. We knew this was something [music] we didn't want in our country. >> If they could declare it a national park, >> Eric Kerry is the executive director of the Bahamas National Trust, >> an organization charged with the conservation of natural and historic sites. We never ever had a fishing industry for sharks and so sharks were never under threat in the Bahamas and as such we've always had pretty good populations of sharks. The need for the legislation came when the scouts started coming in looking to exploit our shark populations. That's the only time we really felt uh we needed to offer more protection for sharks in our country. One of the Bahama's most vocal shark advocates [music] is Stuart Cove. He loves sharks, so much [music] so that he's devoted much of his life to studying and scuba diving with the animals. It's also [music] his business and shark tourism is booming. From our research, it shows that 40% of the divers come to the Bahamas because of the shark dives. We are doing approximately 60,000 exposures into the water every year with visitors. So it is a huge economic engine and helps the economy. Hotel rooms, the taxi drivers benefit, the shops, everybody benefits from the shark experiences. But that's not the most important thing. What I think Bahamians really appreciate is how important the sharks are for the health of our marine environment. Coordinating the hordes [music] of shark diving tourists that visit the Bahamas each week is a logistical challenge. Many of them hail from cruise ships, making short stops at Nassau. Shark diving definitely appeals to more adventurous types. First shark dive, my daughter said she wanted to do it. And as you can see, she's not here. I'm by myself. [laughter] She check it out this morning. >> I'm here with my family. We can't wait. Pretty stoked about it. >> I think it was a collective decision that it sounded like fun. >> Yeah, definitely. I mean, you kind of see that and you're like, "What a thrill." Of course, we want to dive with sharks. >> Really looking forward to my first shark dive. I feel like a kid before Christmas. >> I've seen lots of sharks, but uh I've never had them. As they say, they're going to be up close and personal. So, I'm looking forward to that. Shark feeders are like knights heading off to battle. They need a suit of armor to protect. This is >> nothing. >> It's a real knife. We're not faking it, buddy. >> I'm feeling quite nervous, >> but it's going to be good. It's going to be fun. I think I'm going to concentrate on keeping my my limbs together. >> We have some grouper pieces. Uh that's pretty much the main thing that we have in here today. I think there's also uh a few snapper bits in here as well. But this grouper, this is part of their main diet. This is what the sharks like. >> I'm excited. I'm really excited. >> Incredible. >> I'm excitable. >> You ready? >> All right, let's go. I love pushing people in. >> I'm fine if I die. I'm going to be fine. >> It doesn't take long for the guests of honor to show up for feedings. Many of these sharks have been doing this for decades. They're old pros. The more excitable participants are the big groupers looking for a quick handout. Guests descend to the bottom first and line up around the feeding site. The feeder follows shortly afterwards with the bait box. The sharks actually came like between me and my son. We were sitting like we are now and the sharks came between us. They came over our heads. They came around our sides and and back to the feeder. And it was amazing. >> They're like attacking the feeder. tackling them. >> The short dive was phenomenal. It was an incredible experience. >> It was [music] really fun. Definitely one of the best dives I've done so far. >> It was a lot less scary once [music] you got down there until you started really thinking about what you were doing. And it was just really crazy. I mean, really one of the craziest things I've ever done. I liked when he was tickling them under the chin to make them fall asleep and he would move them around and and push them towards people and oh, it was fun. I never saw anything like it. Never dreamed it was going to be like that. >> The feeder can immobilize sharks either by flipping them upside down or by stimulating their sensitive snouts. The animals lapse into a state of tonic immobility that's similar to fainting. The sharks are briefly incapacitated, just long enough for guests to get a closer look. Oh, it was incredible. They told us not to touch them, but we did. Sharks were swimming everywhere. I kept getting nudged. I thought it was my buddy nudging me. Look over, it's a 7, 8ft shark hitting into me. It was pretty cool. It's safe to say that this operation is the biggest shark diving operation in the world. We have made a huge impact on the shark populations, not only in the Bahamas, but around the world. The Bahamas stopped longlining in 1993 due to the shark interaction experiences. And more recently, the whole country has been turned into a shark park. You're not allowed to kill any sharks here. take any parts. You're not allowed to export any type of shark product. And it's this stance that this country has taken is spreading around the world. >> That was amazing. I never saw anything like it. Had a great time. >> Crazy. Awesome. >> The families are bad. >> The part that was freaky was when they swam straight at you and then at the last minute like swim away. But you got used to it. Sounds weird, but you did. It was really, really awesome. I got hit in the head with the tail. [music] So cool. They're so close to you. You want to touch them so bad, but then you're really scared, too. So, you don't I wanted to so bad, but I was like, "No, I I like this arm." Now, we can say we've checked this one off the bucket list. That was awesome. One of the coolest things I've ever done easily. >> Give it up for our fearless feeder, Rudy. >> It really was. Cool. Very, very cool. Steuart Cove's two children, Travis and younger sister Sasha, have been diving with and feeding [music] sharks for years. >> Oh, I wore these my first time. [music] >> A bit of sibling rivalry developed between them when Travis was recognized as the world's youngest shark feeder. It wasn't long before 9-year-old Sasha decided she had to outdo her older brother. >> What are you doing today? >> I'm breaking my brother's world record. >> Yeah. >> What is that? >> Youngest shark feeder. I've just been diving and with sharks [music] since I was really really little because growing up with my family being in the business that they are, I [music] spent most of my time on the water either swimming and snorkeling with the >> What are you feeling right now? >> Excited. >> Happy. Which ones are mine? >> My brother was the youngest shark feeder in the world. every living moment he would just rub it [music] in my face that he was the youngest shark feeder in the world and I hadn't even fed. And so I was like, "No, this just can't happen." And so on my 10th birthday, [music] I got out of school on a Wednesday early and I went down and I fed and I was so scared. Well, my kids started diving at a very young age. Uh started snorkeling with sharks at a young age and diving with sharks from when they were 8 years old. So my daughter Sasha, they're very competitive, my children. When she was 10, she wanted to be the youngest shark feeder in the world. So we took her in the early morning and let her feed the sharks. And uh so [music] right now as it stands, I think she's the youngest shark feeder in the world. One of Sasha Cove's friends from her school in Canada is also a veteran scuba diver at only 14. Filmmaker Danny Mororrow's daughter, Samantha, was also exposed to the underwater world at a very young age. My dad, [music] ever since I was in a high chair, has been showing me his shark documentaries and teaching me to love the water and the ocean and all the animals in it. >> I have to admit it, Sam seems [music] to be a bit of an adrenaline junkie. And if it's not climbing trees or doing flips on a trampoline, she's always into doing something scary. I've been filming sharks for about 20 years now, and I think through osmosis, she's kind of developed this fascination with [music] sharks. And I think she wanted to take it to the next level. And the next level is to actually get in the [music] shark suit and get right in with the sharks and try and feed them. After hearing stories about Sasha and her shark obsessed family, the two girls forged a common bond, it was only a matter of time before Sam [music] decided that shark feeding was something that she had to do. >> There's one there. >> To get more accustomed to sharks before attempting to feed them, Sasha [music] encouraged Sam to try a slightly tamer encounter. At the famed Atlantis Resort, guests can walk with Caribbean Reef and nurse >> First of all, introduce myself. My name is Santa. Okay, I'm going to be basically one of the instructors. I'm going to give you the briefing and let you know exactly what's going to be going on inside this tank. First of all, you have 22 sharks inside this very same tank here. Okay, non-aggressive, so nothing to worry about. We have the Caribbean reef shark. There seems to be a boundless fascination with sharks, especially for kids. Perhaps they don't have such deep-seated fears as adults. >> Most of them never saw Jaws. >> Okay, guys. So, basically, that's it for the briefing. Are you all ready for a great shark dive? >> All right, let's do it. >> Damn. This is going to be a cakewalk compared to what we're doing tomorrow. Going to get in the suit and feed him. Canadian. >> Like scuba divers, guests on the shark walk breathe compressed air, but instead of using regulators, they breathe with a state-of-the-art helmet. Glass viewing ports in the helmets provide an unobstructed view of the resident sharks. >> At the resort's Mayan temple, visitors can also rock it through the shark exhibit on a water slide or slowly raft down a river while surrounded by sharks. Different >> lot more liing. >> It was good. >> How was your dive, girls? >> Awesome. It was definitely a different experience than diving. It was really neat to have the helmets on. Yeah. Tomorrow we're going to put the chair on and do the real thing. I'm excited. Awesome. >> One of the most coveted jobs in the dive industry and particularly here at Steuart Cove is becoming a shark feeder. Not only is it potentially dangerous, but it's very exciting. You get [music] up in close and personal with these animals. And one of the things we're very proud of is we have women's shark feeders. It's a macho type thing. You're getting down there, you're feeding these sharks up to 40 at a time. You're getting beat up, pounded. It's [music] like being a linebacker. And for women to do it is really quite something special. >> I was working a job I hated in England. and I was a driver and I decided why not go professional. Found Stewart Cove online and they accepted my application and here I am. Once you're here at Stuart Cove for a while, you get the opportunity to uh train as a shark [music] feeder. >> And when [music] you're a shark feeder, you have to get your hands a bit dirty. We're going to cut the bits nice and small to about the size of a hand. Uh [music] the reason we do that is so any kind of size shark can consume the piece without dropping it. Obviously we [music] don't want bait to be flying around when we got customers uh in the situation. So uh we make sure that any kind of size shark can just swallow the piece hole. We only feed them a very small amount. Only a couple of individuals get fed. Uh and it's only four to five pieces uh amongst 40 sharks. So we're giving them only under a percent of what they eat every day. Uh, so it's actually just like a little reward for them. We're just rewarding their polite feeding behavior when they're around us. This isn't exactly the most glamorous part of the job. Uh, we go home smelling like fish and chain mail. Not exactly very nice, but you do get used to it. And on a really hot day, [music] can get pretty stinky around here. Before attempting to feed reef sharks, Sasha Cove and Samantha Morrow join Charlotte Faulner on a scheduled shark dive. >> Hi, I'm Sasha. >> Hi, Sasha. Nice to meet you. I'm Charlotte. >> Hi. >> Hello. >> Nice to meet you, Sam and Charlotte. You excited? >> Yeah, super excited. >> It's my first Bohemian shark dive. All right, guys. Have you got all your gear together? >> Everything's on the boat. >> All right, let's go. We're going to head on out to the site. Awesome. >> All shark feeders at Steuart Cove are required to dawn protective chain mail suits. >> This is chain mail made of titanium. It's all handmade, so it's very very expensive. Uh each chain is interwoven by hand. So very very cool stuff. Um sometimes the teeth do pass through uh but it does protect us from the majority of any bite [music] that does happen. >> Detailed briefings are also part of the job description. >> Now there's a number one rule on this dive is no hand movement at all. It's really important we don't move our hands around like so. Our hands are going to be crossed obviously on the railing or holding a camera like that. That's the only way you're going to be. Okay. Once you're all back on board all safely, I can come on back hopefully with all my fingers and toes. Okay. So, I I never get sick of this. I've done it hundred times more than that, but it's always different. Shag's behavior is different each time. So, you learn something each time. >> The kids and other [music] guests descend to the feeding site before the action begins. It's showtime. The Ray of Hope shipwreck is the ideal staging ground for a dive like this. It's a relatively small and contained space where divers can gather around the port deck railing. It's still close to the action, yet far enough away to safely observe the feeding. We're trying to get them to do polite feeding, polite feeding behavior where there's no aggression at all around humans. And the food that we give them is like a positive reinforcement for that polite feeding behavior they're showing us. And as the feeder, we try and keep the sharks in that polite feeding uh behavior during the whole feed. Sharks are just such majestic creatures. They live out there and they're so strong and graceful and beautiful and they [music] can cause so much damage if they really want to, but they really don't. And they have such a bad image. I feel so strongly about sharks. They are my favorite animal by far. Our dive can change people's attitudes from a negative perception of sharks to a positive perception. And we see this change just in one afternoon. And they come on up and they just have this love and appreciation for sharks, which is such a positive message we need to spread. The Bahamas truly are a shark [music] haven. Woo! Another day at the office. Woo! So, now that you've seen the sharks, tomorrow we'll teach you how to feed them, and it's going to be pretty awesome. Cool. Yeah. All right, Sam. So, how was it then? >> Oh, that was amazing. I don't know how you could do that so close. That's the first step, getting on one side of the railing. Now, you're going to come on the other side and feed them. [music] What do you think? >> Oh, I'm excited. It's going to be awesome. >> Once in a lifetime thing. After the Atlantis Shark Walk experience and a thrilling demonstration of shark feeding, the two 14-year-old girls were ready for a bit more excitement. >> This is your big day. Last chance. Back out. >> Well, this is my first time actually feeding, so I'm a bit nervous. >> Are you sure? Last chance. >> This is a little bit out of my comfort zone. Australian shark feeder Terry Harrison was charged with helping the girls gear up and to keep [music] them safe. Older brother Travis also joined the group as a safety diver. My kids grew up around the dive shop here and so from a time they could work they were aware of sharks and they have no fear of sharks. You know, it's so important these youngsters getting out there and interacting with sharks. If the kids aren't scared of sharks and the kids are showing that the sharks aren't this indiscriminate killer that the media has shown over the last few decades, we know that if sharks are interacted [music] with in a sensible way, they're not going to eat you. They're not going to bite you. >> Today we got something real special happening. We got two little gnarly chicks coming out and they're only 14 years of age. So, if I had this opportunity, I definitely would have jumped at it. >> Well, you know, it's sort of like playing football except the other players have teeth [music] and they can get really vicious. like that. If you are bitten on the arm or anywhere, just uh I'll be there so I will stop it from doing whatever it needs to. But just pull your arm nice and close. [music] Okay, these uh sharks are scavengers. So, as soon as something starts fighting back, they're like, "Nah, I ain't into this." And they tend to let go. But remember, we're going to be wearing chain mail. Okay, the idea of chain mail is when the sharks bite down, all these tiny links come together and stop the teeth from penetrating our skin. A lot of the time it works. Okay, if a shark jumps onto your arm and his teeth get caught, he's going to panic. Okay, so when they panic, they usually pull away and their teeth get stuck. So, we need to be mindful of this. >> You happy? You want this part or Both Samantha and Sasha were a bit smaller than typical shark feeders. So, [music] some minor modifications had to be made to their protective suits. >> Um, we taped the hands this time so then the chain doesn't fall off her. She has really little hands. So, I put [snorts] the gloves underneath so then the chain won't rub on her and then the tape just keeps the chain in place and looks tough. >> Even [music] Stuart had to wear chain mail. I might not get bed, but I might drown with this stuff on. It's so heavy. Some music is so macho. I don't need this stuff. I laugh at shark's teeth. >> Now, you won't be laughing when you get a nice bite in the calf. >> We may have our future shark feeder here, darling. He'll be back. No doubt. >> Yeah, man. >> Perfect. Okay, fingers. Beautiful. That is [music] my spear for the day. It's like the hilt is actually like a hilt of a sword. So, I'll protect Sam pretty well. Don't stab me with that, Sasha. >> So, right behind us is the Ray of Hope shipwreck. And what we're going to do is we're going to go down with the bait box. I'll bring it down to the bottom. And then I'm going to let you guys feed a few pieces each to the sharks. And what you're going to do is you're going to spear a piece of fish and we're going to bring it up. We don't want to hold it up like that so the shark swims down and impales it. Want it to take it off to the side. A shark might bite your hand and their teeth are small enough that they can get tangled in the chain mail. If that happens, you want to lock hold tight because they'll they'll start to roll and shake and they can actually cause tissue damage. So, if you just hold tight, it's eventually going to let go. Terry's going to take you down and pick a good spot on the wreck where you probably have protection behind you. Then I'll bring the bait down. >> I hope this fits properly. >> Okay, Sam, there's no turning back now. You ready? >> I am definitely not ready. [laughter] >> Too bad. So sad. Let's get in. >> Dad, did you tell mom I was doing this? >> Hey, Travis. You ready to go? >> All right, Dad. Let's do it. >> Steuart Cove quickly initiates. the Following a few demonstrations, he passes the honors to Sasha. >> In a short period of time, the action ramps up, [music] way up. After some high adrenaline shark feeding, it's [music] finally Samantha's turn. Sam down there was amazing. She's just such a natural with them. She did not flinch at all when we went down there. She just went straight into it. >> It goes pretty [music] well for the novice shark feeder until she gets bitten on the hand. Fortunately, the [music] chain mail did its job and protected her from injury. >> It was incredible. My first time feeding ever, and it was a very scary [music] experience, but I'm so happy I did it. Some of these sharks were accidentally caught by fishermen. A few of the animals still have fish hooks embedded in their mouths. The only way to remove them is to employ tonic immobility. Temporarily incapacitated, it's quick work for Stuart and his son Travis to remove the hooks. >> Man, it was crazy. The kids are fabulous. There's so many sharks. >> That was ridiculous. A lot of energy down there. >> It was really cool. That was pretty scary, but it was really fun. >> Sam, you did fantastic. >> Gosh, they didn't bite you too hard, did they? >> Yeah, one bit me. So that's the tooth of the shark that bit Sam. Yes. So uh that situation was pretty unusual. You can see actually the tooth mark right here where the chain links have come apart. As the shark bit [music] down, that little tooth got stuck in there. But now Sam's got a souvenir and a cool story as well. >> For sure. Show all my friends at home. >> We got some pretty awesome [music] stories to tell at school. Definitely. The girls are amazing. We have two future feeders for sure here. >> Stuart, what's with the two coffees? It's early in the morning and uh I'd like to be awake when I fly. Today, we're going to load onto the the Baron. We're going to fly up to Grand Bahama to Freeport and then we're going to go out in the specialized boat. We're going 25 miles uh to a place where we know where there's tiger sharks. >> Hey, Ste. How you doing? >> Good. Jim, you ready for this flight up to Tiger Beach? >> I can't wait to meet those tigers. >> They're going to go see the big sharks. >> We're going to go on this little plane here. This may be more dangerous than diving with those big sharks. >> Spread out over an immense area. [music] The best way to travel throughout the Bahamas is by plane. Many of [music] the islands have tiny landing strips suitable only for smaller aircraft. I became [music] very interested in sharks after working on a couple of the Bond films and where we were wrangling tiger sharks and then creating uh shark diving experiences off of New Providence. [music] I was so excited about it. I wanted to get involved with different species and the Bahamas has such a healthy population of sharks and having a plane enables me to fly to different islands to interact with these different sharks. from Grand Bahama. Even with a fast boat, it's still a lengthy journey to infamous Tiger Beach. So, what we've learned about the tigers is they're very opportunistic eaters. We want to have a lot of awareness when the tigers are around. As long as they're swimming around us and if they come too close, you can push them away. But I think if they get a little bit of a taste, you could have a problem. >> Gotcha. >> You guys ready to go? Let's roll. My father was an avid diver when I was a we and his best friend owned a dive shop in Nassau and they taught me to dive when I was five. When I was a a young man on vacation, I'd always work on their dive boat as a gopher. you know, go for this, go for that, hand the fins out to the guests, and they would let me dive. I just go off and dive by myself. >> Doing 32 miles an hour. >> As a young teenager, we would go out and we'd meet tourists, meet friends, and we would teach them to die. So, by the time I was 18 or so, I was a well seasoned dive instructor. This is what we call Bahama Blue. Prettiest water in the world. >> Got a lemon chalk already. fresh wahoo with some guys just caught. This is what we're going to use to jump with. >> You have right here an 8 10 foot lemon shark and we can have up to 40 of these animals at the same time. >> Well, you know, this is a little more serious diving today. We have to watch our back. Tiger sharks are one of the top predators. It's like a white shark in some ways. One of the main animals of prey for the tigers here [music] are the turtles. And you can see them sneak up on the turtles and then they'll they'll they'll [music] bite their fins and they'll try to get underneath, but they sneak up on them. And I I think that's what they do with us because we always find them sneaking up on the divers. They come [music] from behind. >> I'm going to watch your back. >> Okay. >> You [music] watch mine, too, though, cuz they're always sneaking up behind. I'm not getting any younger, but diving with these [music] sharks, man, it's the best thing I can do. I I never get bored of it. the Tiger Beach experience. We had a spectacular day. The water was flat, calm. As soon as we got to location, we had two large lemon sharks. Stu set the uh box up at the bottom, started gently putting the bait into the water. One big tiger, female I think, came along and then uh a few more lemons came along. I said, "This is pretty easy. I'm doing great." And >> within 10 minutes, we had a big tiger shark and we started to interact with those three sharks. When we get in the water with the tigers and the lemon sharks, obviously, we draw them to us with a bait box and we take bait out of the box and we feed it to the sharks. Uh it's very controversial, but you're not going to get the kind of uh interaction and close encounters [music] without using food and chum and baiting in these sharks. We bait them in so close that we can actually touch them and rub them and they seem to enjoy it. All of a sudden, two tigers, three tigers, four tigers, 15, 20 lemons, and I'm going, gee, this could look really good. And then they start coming two feet off the bottom and they're like they're coming at my feet. So I've got the camera right there face following them and then they're crossing each other right in front of right in front of my feet. I going this is okay right still. Oh yeah. This is great Jim. Just keep going. You're doing great. And then after a while I'm spinning like a top trying to keep an eye on these things. So uh it goes from controlled shooting to totally uncontrolled shooting. You're trying to watch a tiger shark and there's one over here, one over there, and all of a sudden there's one going between your legs from behind. Fantastic. A solitary, mostly nocturnal predator, tiger sharks are second only to great whites for the most recorded attacks on humans. They often roam [music] close to shore, creating the potential for encounters with swimmers, surfers, and divers. Unlike [music] great whites that mostly prey on seals and sea lions, tiger sharks will eat virtually anything, including us. Steuart Cove is certainly well acquainted with sharks and doesn't have any qualms about feeding them, but handing out pieces of fish to [music] 10 to 15 ft tiger sharks without chain mail or the protection of a cage is a bit extreme for some people. These animals are habituated to the presence of divers [music] and used to being fed. But the small scraps of food they receive are a tiny fraction of their daily requirements. It's more like handing out treats to really big dogs. Dogs that can bite you in half. >> That was unbelievable. I've done several dives out here over the years and that there was to me the best. >> But that was a fantastic dive. And I didn't really see any super aggressiveness down there. And you were touching them and and uh you seen them moving them along a little bit like big dogs. You get your share and they weren't pushing and shoving. They kind of lining up for their food. What got them wrapped up there near the end was there was a big piece of wahoo carcass which is very bloody and I took it out and I was trying to give it to the tiger shark but the lemon shark grabbed hold of it and went taken off and shook it and the blood went everywhere and you could see everything changed. The all the lemon sharks went after them. The tiger sharks kind of arched their backs a little bit and at that point I think I felt a little bit uncomfortable but most of the dive with those sharks all around me. I mean, they're around my legs, on my feet. Had no protection on my hands, no chain mail on my body, but I didn't at any time really feel in danger. Wow. I just love my job. For a fish with such a vicious reputation, sharks in the Bahamas make a disarming first impression. They're not exactly cute or cuddly, but sharks here simply go about their business, as most predators do when left undisturbed. We're generally not on their menu, and they view us as just another fish on the reef. Tourism accounts for nearly half the gross national [music] product of the Bahamas. And diving is a multi-million dollar industry with sharks an everinccreasing draw. It's abundantly clear that a live shark here is worth far more than a dead one. The Bahamas is one of only five small nations that have completely banned commercial shark fishing. Multinational fleets are not welcome in these waters. It really was a big deal that a small country like the Bahamas, you know, joining other small countries took on the giants and, you know, determined that this was something that had to be done. We are very optimistic that we're going to be able to influence the larger countries and get them to see why it's important to protect sharks. So, I think the future is bright [music] and as a small country, we really feel proud that we stepped up to the plate and we salute the government. You know, here in the Bonds, we're the leaders in shark conservation. We realize how valuable a shark is, not only to the economy, but to the environment. And hopefully other countries have realized that a live shark is going to keep their waters healthy, keep their fish population strong. [music] A dead shark isn't going to do much good. It's only good for them one time. I am very proud to be a Bahamian and proud of our country and the stance that it has taken in conservation and protecting sharks. It's estimated that a single live shark is worth as much as $200,000 in tourism revenue over its lifetime. [music] Its ecological value is inestimable. Studies in the Bahamas and the Caribbean [music] have shown that where sharks are keystone species, their depletion could ultimately destroy coral reefs. Their role in the food chain is crucial. If the sharks are gone, so too goes a rich ecosystem, [music] one that feeds local people and keeps visitors coming back. I've been blessed [music] to grow up with all this healthy marine environment here in the Bahamas. Lots of sharks with oceanic white tips, hammerheads, [music] reef sharks, tiger I hope that they're here for my grandchildren, my great-grandchildren, for many generations beyond that, that they can enjoy this wonderful resource. And I am very optimistic [music] that many of these species that are now threatened are going to be able to bounce back and that human beings are going to understand how important it is to live in balance with these very important creatures that inhabit our waters. Heat. Keep going.

  Top Comments:
  1. @onthwater: Thou shall not even think bad about sharks. So dumb. We need to start culling sharks 100%

- Abandoned Sailboat! In the Atlantic Ocean: Kind: captions Language: en yeah this is kind of um strange behavior for a sailboat in the water it's not going anywhere our sail's not up motor's not on halyards are all twisted no sign of anyone well this is one awfully abandoned sailboat Wolfhound from the Irish Yacht Club I have no idea what's inside I'm gonna go search around I hope I don't find any dead bodies or anything crazy like that this place was left in a absolute wreck I can hear water can hear water splashing around underneath of me I'm afraid to open doors and cabinets afraid of what I might find around the corner hello it's ridiculous things well no dead bodies thank God this is absolutely crazy by the way here I am 800 miles from Bermuda 1500 miles from the United States standing on a very nice Swan 48 I think it's a swan 48 yep standing on a very nice Swan 48 in the middle of the ocean when just this morning I woke up on a 42-foot Calvin gazelle and here I am so this is day two uh we've been dragging this thing for a little less than 24 hours we've made it about 50 miles uh it's kind of funny because we're towing a 48-foot boat with a 42-foot boat this boat is uh longer and is definitely heavier uh than my boat yet we're doing our best to try to get her to Bermuda we were running low on fuel after spending 47 days in the ocean so we convinced of passing freighter to stop and give us 50 gallons of diesel but after another couple of days of pulling the boat our engine ended up breaking so now we had two boats both with broken engines we spent another three days trying to pull this boat with just our sails alone until the weather picked up quickly and we had to cut the boat free as the line wrapped around our Rudder uh threatening to break it off after cutting free the abandoned ship the wind died and we were be calmed for 23 days in the Atlantic in the doldrums but eventually we made it close enough to Bermuda they get towed in by the pilot ship

  Top Comments:
  1. @ADRIAN-zh4ti [1 likes]: It’s surprising how many people think something is free to take just because the owner isn’t present
  2. @SpineTingler007: Becalmed for 23 days? That must be a world record.
  3. @Ian-ij4of: Ok, so now its May 6th 2026...what happened to the boat.   Salvaged or sunk...
  4. @franzHermann-t6l: cap, i say you sold the boat
  5. @mjpla9345: Arrête ton cinema
  6. @tsaservices5843: What's the rules regarding these things since it seems common, is there no viable way to save them/salvage them? Are they just invisible or are they able to be tracked somehow, I don't know how vessels work outside my bathtub.
  7. @gabrielbjerknes: Jackpot
  8. @ReinerKeiner-s6q: Blank horror.
  9. @jimmyg-v3w: Wouldn't you check for human life before getting your camera ready and think youtube
  10. @noahfriesz: I am no sailor, but wouldn’t it be better to just change ships, so you have a bigger one?
  11. @diegosauda9596: You cold also find an infestation of itchy bugs
  12. @robertchesky277: Salvage rights.
  13. @Taylordude-Productions: What was the movie with Nicole Kidman and Sam Neil?
  14. @karlmckinnell2635: On the upside he would have smelled death before he even went down below.
  15. @ExioElioCabreja: What if they were swimming and were eaten?
  16. @jacquespollet7999: Un bateau laissé à l'abandon sans équipage au milieu de l'océan considéré comme épave flottante appartient selon le code maritime à celui qui en prend possession ...et le ramène à bon port ...
  17. @somethingwithbungalows: 1:05 the scariest yet angelic apparition of all
  18. @HermannCortez: Hey free boat!
  19. @darylbeyers2719: Why didn't you call it in?
  20. @Burbsi: when you're used to videos that prolong runtime by telling you how we got here, the history of sailboats, sailing itself and the creation of the ocean... this video is certainly very short and to the point but i kinda was curious if there was any info on the unmanned vessel. i guess they cut it and had 23 days to worry about more important things...

- How to Fix a Crack or, Hole in a Fibreglass Boat - The NEW Fibreglass Boat Restoration Project!: Kind: captions Language: en hey guys what's going on Matt Kelly hey art now just a short video today we actually in a situation where when I was grinding back the old floor from the subfloor from this boat I found a very very bad repair that done previously with actually a crack through the side of the boat so um I thought I could potentially leave it but rather than do that ground it out with the grinder with a flat disc just effectively sanding blade and then what I've done is I'm gone through and I'm back to do a final repair so let's get into it this is how to repair a small hole crack similar in the boat and this is not the structural necessarily but it's gonna hold water out because it's below the waterline so I'm epoxy resin chopped strand let's get into it so in this situation on this isn't some pretty basic fiberglass actually a repair kit of sorts it's an epoxy resin and then just some pretty light chopped strand make sure you get your ratios right and consider the temperature in which you are glassing so on so often you'll have different harden at ratios depending on the temperature and the humidity in the environment you're in in this case it's at night and relatively low humidity so I'm not too stressed there's something to keep in mind make sure you mix it really really well obviously it's important when you're mixing a hard night into anything that you need to get a very very good solid mix so get take the time and do it properly in this case I've pre-cut a piece of chopped strand to fit and we're gonna head on over to the boat and let's get started so to start out I'm gonna give the hull itself a bit of a AB dabbing of the of the resin so I've ground back to the entire section about five centimeters to either side of the actual crack itself right back to to the original glass so got rid of all the art the gel coat the previous gel coat and I'm leaving a nice coating of resin just to give it the top straight something to stick to and then I'm going to drop the piece of chopped strand directly on it Pat it down don't use brushstrokes because you literally just pull the stuff apart just Pat it down relatively gently just to get all of the the resin soaking right through the cloth now in this situation but no means am I an expert but I knew that I wanted to build up the whole because I can start to see the original piece of chopped strand actually falling through the hole or pushing through so I knew I wanted to build it up so it was a quite a nice thick layer so this case I'm just gonna keep laying piece after piece after piece so it basically as long as I've got the the epoxy that hasn't said I know that I'm you've got a bit of a ticking time-bomb here when you're working with epoxy so I'm really only gonna get instead of 10 15 maybe 20 minutes of work time out of it so it's a case of just get as much down as I can while I've got this resin ready to go and in this case I'm actually patting you down any air bubbles that I can see I've know that you can use a roller and try and roll it out and that's definitely what I'll do with bigger jobs like the transom of the boat but in most cases and this is the issue with a hole right if I used to roll I would push it all through the hole and I don't want to do that because I'm going to end up doing a um a bit of a filler treatment when I eventually flipped the hull over to UM to would eventually flip the hull over to paint the underside of the hull so at this point all I'm doing is getting it structurally sound and obviously gonna get it watertight knowing that the other side is going to get an epoxy field down the track [Music] and there you have it a simple job not too crazy I'm and by no means my an expert and many of you guys who do this all the time especially those who do it for a living are gonna look at this and say not how I would have done it not the tools I would have used or not the resin I would have used our knowns as the Internet I wish that comments like that it's just the nature of putting sort of content out there but this is what I've done I'm hoping this is gonna last and it's gonna stay like it is I think it'll be alright but for now that's this little video done thank you so much for watching don't forget to give us a like leave a comment and devlin subscribe button little notification belt really really appreciate it um I'm really excited that was just a short simple video there's heaps heaps more to come and as you probably saw from from this one there's already so much work that's going down on this boat just together at this point there's a lot more to come so I hope you enjoy it don't forget - yeah gives us up and stay tuned for this restoration journey it's going really really well cheers guys and I'll see you soon you

  Top Comments:
  1. @christophercrowdis7308 [9 likes]: Good job just a little advice friend, its good to cut a bigger piece of fiberglass to overlap the smaller one just to make sure its glued down realy well,Great job Im fixing to do some small repairs on my fiberglass kayak and i will do the same as i told you.thanks for the video😊
  2. @Yoyobrobro1980 [2 likes]: No gloves your brave
  3. @markwilliam9143 [1 likes]: Thanks so much bro that's very helpful. I do own a 1980 15 ft tri hull dinghy that needs some serious repairs after being exposed to sunlight and rain for more than 30 years. I learned something great today on how to mix and apply fibreglass for the repairs.😊👍🏼
  4. @aeroscout8409 [1 likes]: I know this is 5 years old, but safety first.  You should use gloves a mask and fan for air circulation in a tight space.
  5. @crazyanimal1997: Can you add layers to the outside of the boat? And also isn't fiberglass always layered bigger to smaller?
  6. @KevinEdwards-q8o: Precut your glass first
  7. @Sertao2013: polyester resin
  8. @LuisDiaz-r5x: You talk to much  I will ever watch  another video  from you  chanel
  9. @GabrielIvanflyesfishing: Foarte frumos succes 😮😅😅
  10. @baldbullethead: 6 years on and still helped me
  11. @StevenPerez-u5c: My tub has a crack can i do the same to fix it ?
  12. @GWG623: Polyester resin  should never be used below the waterline. Its water permeable and will degrade and crack over time.
  13. @joedaly4195: I don't think that he is using "epoxy" as stated.  This looks like polyester resin
  14. @bifs23: Killer insights, thank you!
  15. @jackkendrick7812: Thanks Matt very straight to the point
  16. @kaynewilson8289: Good job
  17. @KapeGrobi-d3t: Test on water
  18. @derickcruse8447: This.was. idoe.i needed on fixing .y boat iv ne er done fi erglass been around it but nice job
  19. @m.whetstone881: Why not use fiberglass Resin instead of Epoxy. ?    When you use Epoxy you should continue with Epoxy as fiberglass resin doesn’t bond good on top the Epoxy. Best to stay with fiberglass resin. 
Also. I would have made a wider repair area. Wider & Longer.  Reason being. The repair is a lot stronger making the first piece have more area to bond. Remember it’s your first piece that bonds the best with really cleaning it good with Acetone more than one time. For my second piece reducing each layer  a couple inches to increase the overlap area to stagger and tie the layers together While building up low spots the same to put back missing material with the first layer of chop strand being a piece as long and wide as the total prepared area. To be stronger as you add more pieces in layers to add several inches in each direction to increase strength also more layers turned in different directions crisscrossing each layer.  I’ll even pull and tear the chop strand for added strength. No cuts on the chop strand. Tearing it is better.
  20. @EmpoweringMindsSupportSe-ow7zd: Where is your ppe

- Emergency Boat Repair || Before Fishing Season to Bristol Bay: Kind: captions Language: en okay this is a fishing boat Crystal Bay Gil Netter this is the boat that goes to get some of that fantastic red salmon Bristol Bay we're in Homer it's a Gil net this is the Reel catches it my friend Chuck Lindsay fishes Bristol Bay he's got a problem with vibration on his propeller shaft I've come to help him I've given Chuck a little bit of my time as a priority to help him make his living so that's what the community does here we help each other out so I've been asked to come take a look I'm going to go down inside the cabin where he's going to spend the next 6 eight weeks of the summer fishing and living and I'm going to go down inside of the engine room take a look that's Chuck that's Bernie that's the engine not much room down there we got to go way back in there like that and make this thing uh better so uh uh got to divert from a normal day worth of stuff and make this happen weird thing is it did happen with the old shaft and the old coupling the same way which makes me wonder it would be ni is it it's not really worth checking is it alignment with a hey so Auto what what would what would happen if that shaft was being deflected by the shaft log would that do this Bernie are you in a position there where you can lift that thing up and down and see how much play there is and how much yeah there's a bunch of play can it go down more and up and sideways it's the up I'd be worried about I thought I saw some marks in the shaft wall no that's going to wear your Stern bearing out weirdly that is not the problem and it actually looks fairly if you if you were pushing down on it and you're pushing down you're feeling it hit the shaft log and you're barely coming even then you not an issue but you can go below it you can go above it it's free every which way right Bernie oh yeah fck that ain't it okay so I'm going to take you back along this here engine in this boat and show you kind of what I'm pointing out here there's the there's the shaft there's the flange and we got a that thing that be lined up perfectly otherwise it wobbles and bounces causes vibration we got to decide what we're going to do you got Bernie over there you got Chuck over there there's no room in here one person let R three so that's just a wait the cookie crumbles so that is it possible that that pilot was just binding for cuz we were turning it and that Gap definitely opens and closes so it's got to be on the coupling side if the transmission flange is straight it's opening and closing more than 2,000 and either the shaft is extremely crooked or the clange on straight if you're get in that kind of Wubble that that close a distance okay well it very well could be a misalignment it's going to be a misalignment that wobbled that out and and now we've got a misalignment and a crooked shaft yeah and uh there's just no way we can align it up to a crooked shaft Chuck so so a boat comes out shaft comes out that's what I think okay I hate to say that but it's the short the long way is the short way on this baby yep yeah okay down maybe we can rotate it it might try to try to spin it heavy piece of metal to keep that thing stuff it's cool oh it's a magnet oh really yeah yeah it's a magnet you turn the magnet on and off want to see it yeah go you here yeah there there a magnet inside of there it's just there you turn that switch it's solid you just turn a magnet on and off you didn't know you turn magnet on off did you by golly I didn't used to know that but you can turn a magnet on I tell you what son no future of the world is in magnetism we learn to control magnetism completely gravity magnetism all of it I have it figured out well we don't know that yet we're not privileged for that information yeah good Lord hadn't given us that info yet will see there yeah how cool is that [Music] okay I got to get out of here all right thanks Auto yep see you tonight oh yeah okay here I am I am uh out here at the boat Chuck just got his boat hauled out by this beautiful big lift see another boat over there it's evening in Alaska going to go check this out help them pull the shaft out we take it across the road take it to Bernie's shop we going to make things good so follow me this thing right here is called a travel lift fancy machine just lifts the boat right out of the water huh he guys well what's up well the boat's Up's up holy moly what a trip you got a tunnel there huh hell of a tunnel hell of a tunnel hey thank you oh absolutely man I wouldn't miss this for nothing what's up really cool little boat yard here got all these lifts and the boats come in at high tide and they just lower those big slings down pick the boat up and then in this particular case uh I known Chuck forever and Bernie forever and Bernie shops right there across the road right there Brer machine works I mean it's less than 100 yards from where the boat's being worked on so how good is that and thanks for these Alaska nights like we're almost at the the longest day of the year right you looking around here it's uh 10:30 and uh must be working straight on through I mean perfect I check very wait wait wait okay plus sort of R the KE go ahead and put it on the end I ah right between me three yeah there's more there it's amazing how much that the key where you can Rel it check it check it in the middle somewhere yep three well you know probably you got I I can tap that in in the hood we wanted to Monkey around with perfection at the start or try to figure find The Smoking Gun got to be that coupling huh get the center a little bit than it was then we're work on the in there one and a half yeah one and a half over there now H with a hammer changes it little bit crazy that's why we should W up on the of the hammer probably not oh jeez we're within one here now plus there is that what it's like this is the fun part yeah well down to two on this end that pilot doesn't look like it was touched I can uh I can get it down to perfect I'm going to get it down to perfect at this side of the coupling just because we are who we are look at there look at that I mean there maybe a half a th there huh check it out check it out check it out check it out check it out check it out to that's what you want you want no movement I mean yeah oh my God look at this bur and that's that's a little better huh what about out at the key uh we're less than one here now oh sure we're bring a shaft in here we can put the flange that dries it on here going tighten it all up really nicely then we're going to cut this really really Square make sure that that the that the face of this flant doesn't have any wobble uh with the longitudinal we have that shaft within 1,000 the street the whole damn distance and then we're going to get these flans perfect on the end and then when we know when we put it in the boat it's good [Applause] you ever thought about breaking a center drill off in there I have broken lots of cills in my life buddy so you can see the run out at the tool right oh yep yeah on that surface you can kind of see the changing thickness too totally and so 7,000 here is like we ball pared the math it's about 3 in from Center to edge of the flange so if it's 7,000 it's out here 12T shaft 3 in to uh 12 is 144 in so it's 144 / 3 times the the times the 7,000 so it's like a you better a thir of an inch of L prob I got to grind this center drill into a uh special cutter that we're going to use to go uh surface the transmission plan in the boat used this end used to look like this see that and now we're going to just make something else out of I'll show you what it's going to be in a little while so can basically we're just going to cut across here like this okay and I got to bump that tool in a little bit till it's hitting leaving a little scratch on there is it oh yeah okay Chuck yeah ready to start clear I think we're put it in forward I see it here now probably just about there shut it off wow look you can see all the irregularities where the bolts yeah where the bolts are pinged out right here y wer even cutting there cutting a lot there cutting right there with a bolt and the bolt I feel like personally I think that's really all we need to do you know I mean we've got it faced pretty nicely uh we're going to start uh this this this rust is eating up that highspeed tool bit Yeah the rust is yeah see guys all right I'm done I'm going to go home yeah I always chck it's great hanging out here never never know what we do next huh I'm going to go get some sleep maybe I'll see you tomorrow maybe not oh yeah way better so I had to come see it go in that's pretty cool yeah that's a really machine I wish I had one I don't have one of them yet all right Auto hey only only call me with the good news right it is not good Li honey okay another job well done Chuck's in the water he's happy he's getting ready to go to Bristol Bay it certainly was a fun thing for me to get involved help an old friend out and uh just get into the total Precision of straightening a shaft and fixing it and fitting it giving advice it's something I've done for 35 years now and uh and uh you know I really enjoy that Perfection and I'm glad you could come along and see another thing that I do stay with me and there's going to be a whole lot more coming stay tuned then and appreciate you watching tell your friends about us and let's get ready for the next little Adventure okay

  Top Comments:
  1. @Pilotc180 [4 likes]: Otto can fix anything; I think I’ll send my wife up to him🤣
  2. @BennyDrills [2 likes]: Otto is an incredibly brilliant guy. Jack of all trades. Great personality to boot.
  3. @SWAWAONT [1 likes]: enough o the Kilcher BS.retire and disappear,thanks.
  4. @theonlywayoutisin1461 [1 likes]: ✨🙏🌊💙🌎💙🌊🙏✨... Otto....you are such a beautiful being... love watching your stuff.... love and blessings from Southeast Indiana,
fellow sovereign soul
  5. @cbLassie: Thank you for the video Otto! 👍
  6. @feelnrite: Mine Pebble.
  7. @ChrisMcCutcheon-wj2pp: Love those noga bases, noga with a interapid indicator. You can fix anything like this. We run face and OD at same time, do the math and should be fixed within two sweeps. When you check for straightness, shaft should be resting in v-blocks at the very end of the shaft. Tool bounce. Do something with nothing, millwright 101, Otto done dam good with what he had! Old school millwrights can fix anything!
  8. @edwardadams9358: Once one achieves a  mature male body, suspenders beat hiking the pants all day long. The only thing better are braces on pants with bachelor buttons.
  9. @ricardomagnificent: Otto*s not just another pretty face.
  10. @jackieisabelajaso: 7:24 - 8:48  just proves that a few taps with a hammer will straighten out anything 😂😂😂😂
  11. @annarickit6156: Good helping friends out❤❤
  12. @Stuammy: Your a man of experience in everything the knowledge you have blows my mind
  13. @markmaccani9411: Otto,  Great video here and a great job truing up that shaft.  I have been a Machinist / Toolmaker for 25 years now and have to say that was an interesting and inventive way to true up the coupling on the transmission side.  I live in the lower 48 now while my wife lives in Alaska.  I am well taken care of where I work so that is holding me here a bit.  Some day I will get there.
  14. @KensLanternsAndThings: Great work 👍
  15. @woodcrafter7361: This was awesome to watch, fantastic work resurfacing that flange and straightening that shaft!
Cheers from Chicago!
  16. @md.sajidbd8628: We can repair all types of marine diesel engine generators.
  17. @md.sajidbd8628: Is there anyone here who can help me? I am a diesel engine mechanic with 15 years of experience. I need a work permit for any country in Europe.
  18. @charlesowens9784: Wow very nice
  19. @Research0digo: Red Green suspenders. :D
  20. @PatBrown-t6f: You could haul all your hay at one time with that machine

- BObitang Makinista | How to Drive Water Jet Rescue BOat: Kind: captions Language: en foreign [Music] I like it and subscribe this one I think so right now oh no thank you you have this one here when will you be training when we do the training we will use this one to connect yourself to this one and then when you have you know maybe like the one and a half two meter above the water surface to disconnect yourself from this one then you leave this one hand in there because they will not they will not reach all the way down to the water so when you're going down you hold this one slightly easy as you know the purpose of this Farm to retrieve a person from the water yeah I'm good yeah I'm ready oh OSHA wait wait no no this one huh yes the painter we should let go the painter okay now I have to put this paper again squeeze and up and then put the pin so when we go back we just snipe okay okay this is only the uh this is only the RPM counter yeah so you get your films off and this is the water there's no back and forth forward from a lot of people when you're new to start because there's this bucket when you go what's done [Applause] is always the tricky thing is over there it goes that way and that's all to me [Laughter] you can very quickly turn around or like a dive so you see I'm doing a stun garden and I'm going to start and I start turning and then I go in the same way all the time right still in the water nothing yeah so you need to put this down yeah you can do the exercise with the nose yeah to not be able to feel it near the pilot rather let's say we pick up the pilot there traveled all right you can just throw down practice it depends on the speed but once you're quite steal in the uh it's about that what's going forward and that is the point which the uh pivots so you need to find a good RPM you know I'm trying to pull the report yeah there's a pretty good the RPM so let's keep this RPM yeah yeah try to have it there it's over side stay in the same place I had it and you still around it decisions okay the hook is uh is already in what time is it um

  Top Comments:
  1. @SouthBound180: About to take my Fast rescue boat certificate. This was a great help for me to better understand the manuvering of the boat. Great video. And you seem to be sailing with a good crew.

- Stranded overnight and Emergency boat repair!: Kind: captions Language: en we script more respectable we miss the even fiberglass table for the cat's eyes look at bed but the branch ir cut filter open spaces and rise francina of rubber studs the keeper and you that mega where we call love t3l okay the siemens tk that the edge and repair kit for the ipad and pepper and process there are quite bending yes that I do

  Top Comments:
  1. @HamRadioCrashCourse [1 likes]: Great fix man. Sign of a true survivalist.
  2. @easyprepper101 [1 likes]: How did your fix hold? Did you have any leaks.  Great video
  3. @akdriller8806 [1 likes]: Have gummy worms, will travel! Great fix Jon.
  4. @LeeRalph100 [1 likes]: Good to see another video from you!! Good thinking on this!! Neat repair!!
  5. @houseboatrob4238 [1 likes]: I use jb weld on my aluminum flatboat. Looks good the way you did it. Cool vid
  6. @topranks8800: I loved it! Got my sub and like to support you!
I would be glad if you could maybe have another look on my channel if you enjoyed the pranks ;)
Then we could support each other in the future by liking our videos if you want to ;)
  7. @TACHILL: great way to do a quick patch job and good it worked!

- #restoration / generator restoration / Mini Generator #generator #viralvideo /#repairing: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] thank you foreign [Applause]

  Top Comments:
  1. @shakibrazakhan4620: 👍
  2. @kashiffitnesszone5592: Amazing

- 🔥 Big Problem 🔥 Service greater then 113 Months ! Kaise nikale PF se Pension ke paise online: Kind: captions Language: en You went to fill your form and it is showing you an error that service is greater than 113 months. How will you withdraw your entire pension amount? In this video, we will learn about it. First, get to know my introduction. My name is Sagar. I am a PF consultant. Based on my 5 years of experience, I have made thousands of videos on this channel. You need to understand the story. The story is that if your service exceeds 10 years, that is, more than 95 years, then your pension money gets blocked in a way and you will no longer get that pension money in a lump sum. When you retire, and suppose something happens to you before you reach 52 years of age and you are not alive, then whatever your pension amount is, it will be given to your family month by month accordingly. So what did I tell you? I told you that this error occurs when your service exceeds 95 years. This error was not written in this way earlier. Earlier, there was a different way of writing this error. That method was something like this where it used to be written that your service is more than 95 years and earlier such an error used to come, the system was changed and it was written in the system that now the service will not be decided on the basis of years, it will be decided on the basis of months, so where earlier in the error you used to get 99.5 years instead of 95 years, now in place of this error you get 113 months of service written here, so both these errors still exist and these two errors mean that now your pension money has been blocked in a way and now you cannot withdraw your pension money, in such a situation you will need that if you have filled your 19 and now only filling of TENSI is left, then instead of TENSI, you will get another option here, Scheme Certificate. Understand my point again, this is a very difficult task, understand carefully the form number 19 which you filled, when you fill form number 19, you get the PF amount and when you want to withdraw pension If yes, then you have to fill the TDS. If you are withdrawing your PF money, then only you have to think about paying the TDS. If you are not withdrawing your PF money, then you do not have to pay the TDS. Then what you have to do is just fill Form No. 13 for online transfer and take the entire balance from One Member One PF to your new company. Filling the TDS or filling the scheme certificate is applicable only when you want to withdraw your entire PF today. For example, understand from the example of this member. The service that this member had done was served in two companies. If you look at this case here, you will understand well. No personal details are being shared here. This is being shown here only for your benefit. You can see that about 9 years of service was done here and along with this, 4 years of service or 3 years of service has been done here. So, by adding these services, the service of the member has become about 12 years. We have transferred the first service to the second service and now after the service is transferred, when we want to withdraw our money here, if I do not want to withdraw the money, then I do not have to fill this 19 or even 10C, then all my funds get transferred in one go. In the next ID, I have verified my bank details here. I am proceeding here. When I am proceeding, I will get four options here, from which you can see that when I touch Form 19, Form 19 opens completely, there is no error in it. I need to withdraw the Tancy here. When I touch the NSI, I am getting this error here in the NSI. You see, this error is coming and this error cannot be removed now. For this, now you need to understand that since it has been more than 1.5 years, then you will not be able to withdraw this one. If you are withdrawing Tancy, then now you will have to get the scheme certificate. This scheme certificate has a separate certificate. There are conditions under which nomination is required. So, if you want to understand what needs to be done in the scheme certificate and what are the requirements, then you can watch my next videos in which I have explained about the scheme certificate. Now what you understood in this video is that if I have completed more than 95 years of service, then now my pension amount has been blocked. This pension amount can be received by me every month in the form of monthly pension. For example, in the case of this member, in the old company it is approximately ₹1 lakh and in the new company it is approximately ₹4000. So, their pension of ₹1 lakh has been stopped, but how much of this ₹2 lakh will be received by them, they will know later when they retire. If by chance they assume that they have accumulated ₹1 lakh, now it is not like that, suppose your age started at 52, you took pension till the age of 82, let us assume you get pension every month. 5-5,000 pension was given in 5000 times for 12 months of the year and let's assume that you have 30 years in multiplication, then if you understand like this then you will not be told here that if you had given only ₹ lakh then you will get only up to 2 lakh, this does not happen, monthly pension means that the member will get pension as long as he lives, even if he lives till 92 years, he will still get pension, hence you are not going to suffer any loss here, whatever your pension money is, you will get it every month. Now we will know the story of the scheme certificate in the next video, this is all in this video, did you understand this information, please do tell me in the comments and if you need to get the form filed, like I am going to file the form for these members also, then you can get the form filed from me, the fee which is required in this will be charged from you in a genuine manner, your work is done in a genuine manner with complete transparency, I do any work for you here with complete transparency and honesty, you will meet me Thank you very much in the next video [music] [applause]

  Top Comments:
  1. @mdiqubalhossain7134: Jiska 9.6 sal nahi hua fir bhi service greater than 113 month dikha raha hai uske liye kya karna hoga
  2. @PriteshCodes: Sir Aap Konsa mic use karte he
  3. @ShivKumar-lz9qw: Yes
  4. @rubykhan-rz1mq: Yes
  5. @khushilove3358: Bhai mujhe aapse baat karni hai phone number milega aapka
  6. @abode5837: Why epfo don't give when it is ours and who would have a gurantee  that one will live 60 +  after resining from service after 10+ years
  7. @Md_Waseem_Khan: i have some bizarre problem......date of joining 09.12.2020 and date of leaving 31.03.2022 clearly show kr rha hai.....but form 10 c claim krne par....service less than 6 months show....kr rha hai.....iska kya kru?....form 19 already settled ho gya....but form 10c error show kr rha hai 10 days ke baad v.....what to do now?
  8. @nishaanku3027: Bt mujhe to meri company me.  8 year hue hai total  96 month,    bt fir bhi greater then 113 month aa rha,   why..    . Plz suggest me
  9. @nishaanku3027: Hiii share your contact details
  10. @piyushyadav847: Service 113 months s jyda ho gai meri,  job chod dii ek 1 year pahle pension ka paisa kess nikal skte h
  11. @coachmohitt5: Hlo sir plz dm me mera bhi same 113 month show ho rha h passion me
  12. @priti_vishnu38: Sir toh 10 d ka form 19 ke saath hi farna chahiye keya
  13. @gauravagarwal362: Bogus info, not right!
  14. @nandkishorekamble5107: 10C CLAIM showing Settlement but not received in account since 2016
  15. @factsNBS: I have left my job and doing business for past 3.5 years now. PF wesite is not allowing me to withdraw pension due to the above error. I am 44 years old and it is quite some time before I attain retirement age. Will EPFO give me interest on the accumulated pension amount as it doesn't give me interest on PF after 3 years of non-contribution
  16. @sureshkumar-f7w3v: But joinging date glate thi marj ho gye. 4 year hue h
  17. @ishukatariya6442: 3.4 year ki service h tab bhi ye aa raha h
  18. @amitmahour7814: Sir kuch help karo maine construction  ka kaam karva liya hai iske bharose hi me fas gaya hu
  19. @amitmahour7814: Maine to teen company me alag alag kaam kia hai fir bi pension lock q
  20. @amitmahour7814: Greaviance karke nikal sakte hai

- Recovery from a BLACKOUT in Engine room: Kind: captions Language: en an unexpected loss of electrical power a blackout is a very unusual event particularly for anyone down in the engine room and particularly if you've never experienced it before it suddenly becomes very dark and relatively quiet although some auxiliary diesel engines might still be running technology should guard us from such events we have power management systems pms preferential tripping of non-essential machinery and we often have sequential start systems to help us get going again automatically however there is a danger that we might have become so used to the system taking care of us automatically that we've become unfamiliar with how to recover from a blackout when a blackout occurs stay calm and reach for the procedures remember that the emergency generator should start and give you essential services back within 45 seconds in the meantime battery should keep your alarm and monitoring systems working as soon as you can inform the officer of the watch on the bridge of the general situation giving as much accurate information as you can if the engineers alarm has not already sounded operate it now and call the chief engineer always remembering that they might well be on their way to the engine room by now in most cases loss of electrically driven lubricating oil fresh water and sea water pumps will have stopped the main engine but bring the control lever back to zero anyway ready for an orderly restart if the auxiliary boiler was running shut the main steam stop valve to maintain the steam pressure once manpower is available it might be a good idea to close off the steam to non-essential services such as tank heating etc this will make it quicker to re-establish steam to the fuel oil heaters necessary to restore electrical generation and propulsion try and make sure everyone logs such actions so that everything can be restored to normal later on obviously we should try and find out the reason for the blackout and there might be some evidence of this in the data logger find out the reason for the blackout and fix it if you can or isolate any defective equipment that caused the blackout by now reading this list you should be thinking that a there's a lot to do and b we need to go about it in an organized fashion so you really need to work from procedures and there should be management of the situation with specific tasks delegated to individuals now we can think about restoring power let's go back to basics in order to do this as a minimum we'll need starting air fuel and to prime the lubricating system of the diesel engine driving the main generator now a lot depends on what ship you're on and what situation you're in in a blackout the fuel oil feed might only be via gravity from a pencil tank the cooling water pumps might be driven by electrical motors in which case you need power and maybe only particular ones can be fed from the emergency switchboard the emergency generator might give you all the power you need to start a main generator but then you might only have a limited amount of time to start sea water and fresh water pumps necessary to provide cooling for this main generator there are so many variables that the only way to ensure that this is all done in the correct sequence is to develop a procedure beforehand have it ready for emergencies and use it so know which main generator can be started in a blackout and how to do this consider if you can still start them on heavy fuel oil because you may or may not have enough residual heat and steam to do this change over to distillate fuel if in doubt once you get it started restore power to the main switchboard and make sure you start any additional cooling pumps needed before it overheats and get the boiler going again to restore steam get the lubricating oil and fresh water pumps running on the main engine as soon as you can and get the main engine fuel oil system back into operation keep an eye on the load on this main generator you've just started and start another main generator if needed keep the bridge updated on progress you should have a better idea of when normal service will be resumed by now we need to keep in mind that on most but not all ships we can't run the main and emergency generators in parallel we can often synchronize them but there are usually two circuit breakers arranged so that only one of them can be closed at any given time this means we can feed the emergency switchboard either from the main switchboard or the emergency generator what we can't normally do is back feed the main switchboard from the emergency so now we will usually be in a situation where we have the emergency switchboard fed by the emergency generator and the main switchboard fed by the main however the two are not connected keep this in mind at some point we need to reconnect the main and emergency switchboards which means to restore the feed to the emergency switchboard from the main of course we should be used to this routine from testing the emergency generator on load every week if we can synchronize them great if we can't then keep in mind that there might be a momentary loss of supplies to anything fed from the emergency so know what this affects since it could potentially cause another blackout for instance if it is supplying power to the main generator fuel pump essential navigation equipment is normally kept supplied using individual uninterruptible power supplies ups during this changeover so make sure that you don't forget to restore the feed from the main switchboard to the emergency switchboard and to stop the emergency generator there have been many occasions after a blackout where the emergency generator has been left running make sure all controls are set back to the auto position ready for the next time now that we have enough power reset breakers and start all the other required machinery and systems for example tank heating this includes breakers in the preferential tripping sequence non-essential machinery with modern power management systems an unexpected loss of power is less common than it once was but that is exactly why it might catch us unprepared if we do nothing so use this learning session to think about your own ship there about to be differences with the general procedures described here have a look at your own procedures check that you understand them and review them to make sure they are up to date

  Top Comments:
  1. @smrutiprakashdas6292 [2 likes]: Awesome ❤️
  2. @soothingsenses8674 [1 likes]: Very nice and informative

- 🔥 Big Problem 🔥 Service greater then 113 Months ! Kaise nikale PF se Pension ke paise online: Kind: captions Language: en Hello friends, welcome to our channel. Today I am going to talk about one thing, if you face the same problem at the time of making full and final withdrawal of TF money, as you can see here on the side. As soon as you select TNC here, you get an error like this and in the error it is mentioned that service greater than 113 months. If you also face the same problem. Whatever pension money you have, you cannot withdraw that pension money. So what do you have to do here in that case? Here I am going to tell you in detail about the latest process. So if you are an EPI member then keep watching the video completely, only then you will get to know the details here. What you actually have to do here. Let's start the video friends. Now I have logged in to my UN account here. You can also login here. I have given its link below this video. You have to login here by filling up your UN number and password and filling up OTP. I have already logged in here. Now here you will see online service. After clicking on this, you have to click on Claim from 31 19 10C and 10D. If you need to fill up the TNC form. Now here you have to fill up the same bank account number which is linked with your UN account. After that click on Verify. Now here you will get the option of Yes. You have to click on this. Directly you have to click on Proceed here. So the page will open here in this manner. Now here you will see the Select Claim option. After clicking on this, as soon as you go to withdraw pension and select TAC, you get to see the error in this manner. Now it is very important for you to understand carefully what is being told here. Earlier, errors could be seen here in this manner. Now after the new update comes here, you get to see the error in this manner. Like you can see here. As seen here, Service Greater Than 133 Months. This means it has been over 9 1/2 years. You cannot fill up the TAC form here. So what will happen to your money and whatever pension money there is, where will it go and how will it be received here, I will tell you about it in detail here. First of all you have to be careful here. What should you do if you have served more than 9 1/2 years ? Whatever advance money you have, employee and employee shares, you have to withdraw it. You do not have to fill up Form 19 by giving the date of exit. If you fill up from 19 by mistake, then you have to get the scheme certificate here. tell you how to take it later. Suppose here you have served in four companies. What do you have to do? The money from all the member IDs has to be transferred to the new member ID. For this, you have to first update the date of exit date. How is the date of exit determined? If you don't know, I have already made a video on it. You will find the link to the video below this video. This is the first case in your area. Suppose here you served in four companies. What do you have to do? The date of exit date has to be updated and the money of all the member IDs has to be transferred to the new member ID. But even if your service is less than 9 1/2 years, you still have to follow this process. This is a simple process. If you have served for more than 9 years. Whether there is one company, whether there are four companies or five companies here. If you have served for more than 9 years then you cannot fill up Form 10C here. In this way you will be able to see the error. Before that, you have to keep some important things in mind here. Suppose you have served here for more than 9 1/2 years, then what do you have to do? Form 19 is not required to be filled up. Suppose here you have served for more than 9 1/2 years and in future you have to join the service again. So you have to keep in mind that whatever money is there in your member ID should remain as it is. Do fill up the date of exit but do not fill up the full and final date i.e. from 19 because here when you go to serve in any company after 20 years or 10 years, what you have to do is transfer the money of the old member ID, that is, the money in this member ID, to the same member ID, otherwise whatever money you have will remain lying here like this. Now what do you have to do here? Suppose here you fill up from 19. What do you have to do after filling up from 19 ? By clicking on this, you have to get the scheme certificate here. As you can see here Scheme Certificate from 10C, after clicking on it, you have to fill up the details here. Like you can see here. So what do you have to do after getting the scheme certificate from here? You have to apply here for monthly pension after 60 years. Like TAD form has to be filled up. How is TND filled up? I have already made a video on that. You will find the video on the channel. And I have told you here how to get the scheme certificate. It is a simple process. You can get the scheme certificate by filling up here. So I have told you point wise in details here. If you have the same problem, what should you do here ? And once again let me tell you here in a simple way. If you have served more than 9 1/2 years. The first case is done, you do not have to update the date of exit date here. You can withdraw as much money as you can in advance here. If you have updated the date of exit date then do not withdraw PF money for full and final withdrawal. Meaning do not apply from 19. Because if you join the service later, you will face problems here. So what do you have to do here? Date of Exit Date is not to be updated. You have to withdraw PF money here in advance as much as possible. Suppose here you do not have to join any service in future. Then here you update the date of exit date and fill up from 19. But if you want to join the service later, then you do not have to fill up Form 19 here. What do you have to do online? You have to transfer it to the same new member ID. Suppose you have filled up Form 19 here, then what do you have to do here? You will have to take the scheme certificate because it becomes mandatory at that time. If you still have any confusion in your mind, you can ask by commenting. You will get a reply to your comment. So whatever information I had, I told you here in detail. Friends, this was some brief information. If you like it, do n't forget to like, share and comment.

  Top Comments:
  1. @rekabulhoque2233 [2 likes]: Bhaiya Maine from 19 khilao kar dia aur Paisa vi milgeye 10c me problem  
He to kya kare.greter then 113 month
  2. @vardaanlaboratories3211 [1 likes]: Maine apni puri jindgi mai isase ganda explanation 
Nhi suna .
Please don't waste time and mind
  3. @amargaurav7363 [1 likes]: Sir Scheme Certificate 1 se zyada company me job karne pr kaun se company se lena chahiye?
  4. @kapilpatil9431: Greater than 113 msg ya raha he matlab hum pension ka paisa nahi nikal sakate he kya
  5. @kajalgoswami8889: 113 month baad pension ka paisa full and final btao kaise ho 
58 sal par pension nahi chahiye
  6. @kanumachhar101: Mene from 19 ka pesa nikal liya hai or abi 113 month ka error ata hai to muje abi kya karna chahia
  7. @Video-gf6ed: mera age 38  aage koi service me join nahi hona he 10c schme certificate leneke baad 10D from fill karne ke baad hamko 60 sal hone ke tak wait karna parega?
  8. @MUKESHKUMAR-xc4tj: Sir muje 9 sal 7 mahine ho gay ha kaya me pansion ka pesa nikal sakte ha
  9. @sandeshule: Please share full pension amount withdrawal video link
  10. @ganesh_annapurve18: Abe lavde ek hi baat 100 baar bata raha hai
  11. @ishukatariya6442: 9 year se kal h service tab bhi ye hi. Problem dikha rha h
  12. @Prajee-s9i: pls explain english
  13. @akashrawale5812: sir pf me Service greater then 113 Months! [DE-2503] isa remark aaraha he penshan nahi nikal pa rahe plz help as

- 🔥 BOAT SERVICE CENTER EXPERIENCE 🤔 YAKIN NHI HOGA ❓ CHHOTI PROBLEMS ⚡ iN HINDI: Kind: captions Language: en I am telling you that there will be no need to service it, nothing will be done just like that, our Boat 255 had broken down, we went to Boat's service center to get it replaced, so what we did was simple, we took our bill and here we took our neck band or box, there was no need for it there and brother just went inside and as soon as I handed it to him and said brother, I am having this problem, he said brother wait for a while, now it did not take 10 minutes, he picked up a new piece and gave it to me, putting it in a foil, that is, he gave me an empty neck band, I swear brother, I mean, there was no question or answer, just brother, I said this is the problem, he immediately replaced it with a new one, I am telling you seriously, friend, I really enjoyed seeing this thing and let me compare one thing, I have also gone to one other service center, I liked the experience brother, first of all, do not trouble the public brother, I am absolutely having fun They give you a brand new product, it's fun, friend, and tell me seriously, look at the condition of our 255, you were using it for a long time and at some places I was thinking whether you will buy it or not because there were slight cracks as well, but friend, there is no question or answer, it's a useless question, isn't it brother, you are a very nice person, I enjoyed it and took the new neck band, you are using it happily brother, so if brother you are also facing some problem in your neck band, and it is not getting fixed with the solutions we tell you, then you should quietly go and get it replaced from your Boat service center, suppose you do n't have a Boat service center in your city, then friend, you can book the service online, we are telling you the number, we will give it in the description box as well, go there and get your service done, book it online, your work will be done, it will not be complete, now accept it brother, you say brother, brother, our Sir, I don't even have online service, there is no service center, so friend, look, there is only one option left, if any of your friends or relatives live in some other city, then friend, if you ever come or go, get the change done from there, there is no other option, what can I say, but online service is mostly available from them, brother, seriously, friend, the board may be anything, friend, but friend, the service is number one, and I enjoyed taking their service, friend, we keep bringing such videos and also keep solving many problems related to tux, if you have any problem, then definitely ask in the comment section, and friend, if you are new to the channel, then subscribe, we keep bringing very good videos, if you have not subscribed, then you will miss a lot of things, so let's meet in such a fun next video, till then take care, bye bye [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @ankitkeshari6542 [14 likes]: Maaf kariyega sir hamare paas time zyada nhi rehta hai toh zyada kuch nhi likh nhi paate hai. Ham abhi padhai kar rhe hai. Aap kaam bahut acha karte hai toh bas aapka video pe like and comment karke apne status pe share kar deta hu aur 2x ki speed pe jaldi se dekh leta hu.
Jai hind
  2. @rajvanshpal7249 [2 likes]: Bhai maina boat ke ear buds laya tha toh woh 80 se na upar jare na niche toh kal mai jaunga boat ke service centre toh kya woh replace krke dusra de denge plz reply broo or to Orr 1 week bhi nhi hua h
  3. @Rathore.harshh [2 likes]: Bhaiya mera toh physical damage hai
  4. @shyboy4517 [2 likes]: Thanks bhaiya mai bhi ek do din baad service centre jaunga mere ghar ke kuch hi dur hai service centre hope wo exchange karle
  5. @lifelongmusic9264 [1 likes]: Patna me service centre kaha par hai Bhai sahab
  6. @mohdarsh5787 [1 likes]: Bhai kon c City ma service claim kiya tha
  7. @User-4761-ixm [1 likes]: Bhai mera boat ke airdopes warranty ke bhar hau woh repair karege kya
  8. @Sureshkhandelwal.6565 [1 likes]: Boat customer care number kya h
  9. @hemantsaket8542 [1 likes]: Thankyou bde bhaiya 🥳💓💓
  10. @prityyadav2305 [1 likes]: Bhai mera bhi boat ha earphones ka kam nahi kar raha abhi 1 mouth bhi nahi huye
  11. @nabinkumar92 [1 likes]: Boat ka customer service bohot hi bekar hai. Meyne ₹ 13000 mai home theater buy  kiya after 3 months uska woofer kharab ho gya. Chaliye thik hai electronic gadgets hai kharab ho sakta hai koi baat nhi but meyne complain kiya to customer service ka agent bolta hai ki aaj aa rhe hai kal aa rhe hai isi aaj kal mai 1 week laga diya but abhi tak visit k liye ghar nhi aaya (  bcz warranty card mai likha huaa hai onsite visit ). Call krne pr busy  batata hai sirf. Ye tab ka haal hai jab meyne 2nd time complain kiya hai.
  12. @harshitsahoo842 [1 likes]: 1 din mein replace ho gaya?
  13. @CaptainHomelander [1 likes]: Kabhi Sennheiser service centre jaa ke dekho😎
  14. @vivekkatiyar5487 [1 likes]: Where are you from?
  15. @adityayt5448 [1 likes]: Bhai mera button kharab ho gaya hai aur jb main complain kerta huin toh center aata hai jo baahut door hai aur mujhe ghar se exchange kervana hai kya aap kuch bta sakte hain
  16. @sameerdrivezone: Sabse jyada ghatiya services boat ki😢😢😢
  17. @DeathStriker88: Just abhi lauta boAt service center se. A320 Type-C Cable inke discontinue ho gaye isliye ab aur service nahi milne wali. Saath hi saath pTron ke service center bhi gaya tha.

Mere Bassbuds Duo ka Type-C Cable pehle hi toot chuka tha par unke criteria mein tha ki xerox bill, original box and charging cable hona hi chahiye. Warna warranty nahi milegi. Unhone mujhe bola ki ₹200 doon to ek new cable milega phir replacement ke liye chala jayega without any problem. 

Ek to aisa products dete hain ye jo 3 month se zyada tikta hi nahi, upar se warranty ke liye usika hi hona mandatory hota hai.

Kaisa business plan hai ye bhai jahan customer ko itna harass and stress kiya jata ho? Jab marzi hua product discontinue kardo. Taki aaj jo banda kharidega wo service to chhodo, saans lene ko hawaa bhi na paye.
  18. @DeathStriker88: Aaj jane wala hoon boAt ke service center kyunki mera boAt A320 Type-C Cable kuch hi dino mein kharab ho gaya tha. Dekhta hoon sach mein 1 no experience hota hai ki nahi. Main aaj tak Samsung and CarlCare service center hi gaya hoon only 😋
  19. @RenukaJewellery: Boat orion kharida hai maine amazon se, 3 bar experiment krke dekhe company ne speaker pr, achha nhi hua to muh mod liya, replace krke dena ka nam nhi le rahi, fata hua speaker de diya hai, mere to paise waste gaye 9k.
Mera to bad experience raha hai bhai, sach bata raha hu, 9k to gaye mere leke boat
  20. @Himanshu00761: Same bro

- 5 Essential Tips Before Buying a Liveaboard Boat | Avoid Costly Mistakes!: Kind: captions Language: en So, you want to buy a boat and beat the crazy property market. I did it and here are five things you should consider before making that decision. Number one, there's nothing more expensive than an old boat. If you find a boat you're interested in, get a survey done or find someone to have a look over it who knows something about boats. Don't do what I did. Go to a local yacht club and find someone at the bar who doesn't even own a boat to give you advice. My boat is a 1983 half tunner racing boat. It's cold molded, so made of wood, and that makes it now 42 years old. Number two, you're going to have to learn to fix everything. The word marine is a bit like the word wedding. You put it in front of anything and suddenly it becomes expensive. You're going to have to learn to become a mechanic, a shipwright, a plumber, an electrician, a rigger, and if you're lucky, you might actually do a bit of sailing. It's just a reality of boats. Uh the environment is very tough and they're always needing work. Number three, you have to become a minimalist. It doesn't matter whether you got a 30ft yacht like mine or a 60ft yacht, you're not going to be able to have a huge bookshelf full of books. You're not going to be h able to have a whole heap of gourmet cooking equipment. You've got to sort of cut back. It's like camping on the water. Are you ready to go downstairs and see what luxury life's all about? I've just been doing some repairs to my motor. I've serviced the motor and I've done some electrical work. So, at the moment, there is junk everywhere. Uh, and I have to completely tidy up before going to sea. So, just about got it ready to go to sea. And I've just been reading a very good book uh where the suggestion is if you go to sea, imagine the boat's going to turn upside down. So you have to pack everything in regard to that that uh the boat could upturn um and everything could go everywhere. So as you can see, I've got a little way to go. By the way, this is the dance floor where I'm standing now. Number four, before buying a boat, consider the logistics of how you're going to make money, where you going to leave the boat if you have to go away. I'm currently on anchor. In New South Wales, where I am now, there's regulations in regard to how long you can stay in one spot. So, that means you just got to keep moving, which could be difficult if you're working in a location. You could try making YouTube videos, but there's 800 YouTube sailing channels already. So, just be aware of that. All things to consider. Uh, you know, if you're on anchor, it's very difficult to get away from the boat. And if there's strong winds, you really should be near the boat. I'm usually on the boat if the winds are over 30 knots just to make sure it doesn't drag anchor. Number five, ports rot boats and men. If you can afford to spend more on your initial your first purchase of a boat, do that. Look for boats that have had the rigging done, the sails done, the wiring done, where someone else has done all that hard work because then you can just go out and enjoy the boat and and sail. Getting an old boat where you have to do a lot of that work yourself, it's going to be very draining on your wallet and if it's all new to you, possibly on your motivation. uh you fix one thing, you find two more problems. So, if you can try and find a boat that's had all that hard work done and it's ready to go. I've been getting SV Squando ready to hit the sea and that will be my next video documenting the trip from the Clarence River to possibly Baliner and then the Gold Coast, but definitely heading north to Queensland. So, join me for that video and uh let's see if we make it. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @binchooknation [4 likes]: Boat seem cheap now, compared to houses!
  2. @matthewshiels6648 [3 likes]: Nice boat mate 👍🏼
  3. @bobbymartin8042 [2 likes]: Great video buddy. I  bought a 1979 44 foot Kelly Peterson cutter. Major upgrades done in 2023 rigging, engine, electrical ECT..Been living onboard for 8 months in Pittwater on a mooring, while doing a refitt. Just have to make the boat look like no one lives on it.. It's virtually turn key ready for Bluewater.
But my wife hates varnish..lol
So painting it is..
  4. @BinVoyage [1 likes]: Great video especially for me as I am waiting for my first ever sailboat survey
  5. @DavideoSolar [1 likes]: I love your video! Will be following along. I have a top hat 25 that I live on half the time. Plan to sail north up the Qld coast from lake Macquarie.
  6. @LastCall-r9y [1 likes]: Not doing it because it’s cheap.the adventure the problem solving will keep me young.
  7. @MelbourneEats [1 likes]: So really to live on a boat in Australia, you have to keep moving due to the laws?
  8. @MysticBarefoot [1 likes]: great info
  9. @mantasjundzila9284: Disagree. Get a boat that's cheap, but know what you're getting. Old boats are overbuilt. Perhaps instead of wood hull, choose fiberglass. Wood is (with all due respect) a shite choice for beginners. If you buy a built boat that seems 'ready' to sail, what will you do when something breaks? And something will, eventually. Sure, liveaboard doesn't have the same standards and expectations as a bluewater, but you are still a sailor, and a good sailor knows their boat, inside out. Had you spent hours upon hours putting work into it, you would know all the nuts and bolts and rigging. Start small, start simple, start now.
  10. @JiriStipek-b6o: BOAT: Bring Often Another Thousand.
  11. @piratelifeoz: Beautiful boat and great advice.

- 3 बार Fail, फिर बनाया India का Top Brand | boAt Success Story | Aman Gupta | Shark Tank | Josh Talks: Kind: captions Language: en When I was starting a business at the age of 35, someone told me to look at Shak Tank. I mean, I want to tell entrepreneurs and everyone that I faced a lot of rejections during my startup. It's been a part of my life. Rejection started from, you know, when I did my CA. I applied to companies. I faced rejections there from the employees. No one would join. I had never heard of it. You know, what can this guy do? Many such brands came at night and left in the morning. Banks rejected me. It's the same picture that Shahid Kapoor says, whatever happens will be big; nothing can be below this. Right, that was my situation, so I started Boat. Hi friends, my name is Aman Gupta and I run Boat. No, not this Boat. The name of my Boat company is Boat. Boat makes headphones, speakers, and wireless. If you want to tell me my story, I can go back a little. I want to go back to my schooling, I am from Delhi and my schooling was also done in Delhi and like you know when we grow up, like in three days we tell the children that son do science or become a doctor, the same thing happened with me, my father said we will do CA, many people in my family were CAs, so my father said that my son will become a CA, so I said okay, father is saying that becoming a CA would be the best, so I did it, I did CA, when I did CA, I was one of the youngest CS in the country, I did CA very quickly, but when I was doing CA, I found it very boring in between, I was not enjoying CA, I was not feeling that what is so boring in CA, accounts, finance, all this, so sometimes I get the feeling like Darsheel Safary that what is happening with me in this finance number, who am I, what is happening, then I did not feel like leaving it midway, I thought if I did it then it would feel bad if I left it midway. Finish it and then you will think, so I completed my CA, got my degree and gave it to my father, father take this degree, now let me do whatever I want to do, then I did a job but worked for two years at one place, then I got bored of that too, then I said friend, I am not enjoying this either, is there any problem, I mean I did not like this either, then I left that too, then I thought let me start my own business, so my father and I decided that we will start a business, he had experience, I had some aggression, so we thought that it was like a U know, it was not a family business, we started a business, that was my first company, so we did sales very well, so first I actually wanted to tell this point that earlier I did not even know how to do sales, so it was my learning, for the first time I got an advice from my father, I mean I was on a client call and I called a client that sir you want this product, he said oh not now son call after 15 minutes, okay 15 minutes I will talk to you, I called again after 15 minutes, I said sir you had told me to call you after 15 minutes, I am calling you after 15 minutes, oh son not now, you have called me after two hours, okay, I was getting a little angry, so I set the alarm again after two hours, the alarm was for two hours, I thought someone told me to call you after two hours, I will call you after two hours, I set the alarm after two hours and called him, then he said oh not now, I have to call him in the evening, hung up the phone, I am your servant, why should I call him back, then my father told me welcome to sales, that was my first lesson of sales that boss ego should not be there, you know back, you have to get the PO, you have to get the consumer, the customer should be with you and you should make the customer happy, you should take the purchase order, that is how sales is without ego, keep your ego in your pocket, I did business with dad for four-five years, we used to sell for a brand, you know the brand was very big, you know the goods of that brand, we sold in India I used to sell locks but then the brand decided that there is so much business in India, let's open our own office, so they opened their office in India, then after that I thought, man, you know, I was feeling that nothing is complete for me, you know, something was missing in my life, I thought, you know, I am getting bored, so at that time I got married, so my wife asked me why don't you do an MBA because I was young, I was like you know 29, not so young, but I was 29, I could afford an MBA, I could go for an MBA, I had taken a loan, but I could afford it because of time, so I went for MBA, then after six months I said, I just said, this is also beyond my capacity, so I was not able to understand my passion, what do I want from life, what does I like, but one thing was that I will do something, that is, I will do whatever I feel like, so I left that, then I joined a company in India I worked in sales for two years, then the same story there too. You must have found it boring, yes it is boring, I went there too and left from there too. Then my wife said that by then, no, I was like 35. So, after reaching 35, you know there is a word called mid-life crisis. People think that he must be having that, that he is getting bored, he is having a mid-life crisis, but actually it was not a mid-life crisis. I was not enjoying it at all. And what can I do, if I don't enjoy it, I ca n't do anything. So, unfortunately and fortunately, I left that company too. Then I sat at home, then my wife said, I am giving you two years, whatever you want to do, try for two years. If you don't do it, then do whatever I say after that because by that time all our friends are doing something good, they are engaged in some company or the other, they are doing well in their lives, but you know I was not. Happy I was not getting my kick I was not getting something which I wanted to do so then I thought that let's start this business you know and there was a time when India was changing India was changing India was changing India was going through a big revolution, the products were the same so people say that you have worked in some new category, I have not done it brother, the category was the same, it was not like that I have created something new, people say that you did not have any innovation brother there was no innovation but the way of doing it was different, the execution was different, there were 200 brands of headphones in our market when we entered the Chinese had come here, there were Japanese, there were Germans and Indians too, so people were saying that what will you do, I mean what is there in you that you know, you will do something different, so I said that I did not know anything else, I said let's do this, some change is happening which I know, which I feel that we If we change, then at the time of starting, I mean I would like to tell this to entrepreneurs and everyone that at the I faced a lot of rejection in life, it has been a part of my life, rejection started from, you know, when I did my CA, I applied to companies, I faced rejection there, then after that, I got rejection from the employees, no employee used to join, because no one had heard that what happens, you know, what can this guy do, many such brands came at night and left in the morning, right, the employees rejected us, the banks rejected us because we did not have any asset of our own, so what used to happen at that time, you know, the banks did not give money if you did not have any asset of your own, you know, we did not have any business, nothing was established, so we faced rejection there too, so rejection has been a part of my life, that is a picture Nana, which probably Kapoor says, whatever happens now will be big, nothing can be below this, right, I was in the same situation, everything was out, every rejection was there, I had no money, I had no job, but I thought let's try it out, let's do it because I felt, you know, if I do n't try, I will regret later, better try than cry, that's what I believe in, so I started with Sameer, we invested money, we started working through social, social used to be a pub, a restaurant, so we used to sit there, you know, I used to sit and Sameer was in Bombay, I was in Delhi, so there was another social, people used to say that at that time this startup world was something, the world was nothing, earlier startup was not a startup, they used to say it used to be called business, so people used to say son will do business, you know, so we used to do business, this startup word has now become common, you know, for the last few years, everyone wants to be in a startup, in fact, it is so funny that I get people, I get friends, who say, friend, Aman, koi startup karna hai I am giving you a startup idea, it doesn't happen like this, either you have an idea or you know what to do or where the market is going, then you can start, right, so there were a lot of rejections when I started, but I did different marketing, I brought different products, India likes base, like you know, baby likes base, so India likes base, we filled base in our product, India likes to buy and sell at a logical price, so we did not sell it very cheaply because if it is very cheap then even nano does not sell, right, and if it is very expensive then it fails because affordability is less in India, so we sent products at reasonable prices, the difference was that our consumers were youth, so I did not understand what youth understand because I was not youth till then, so I hired my own marketing people, at that time I did not even have the money to afford to hire big people, so we hired youth, we hired interns and I understood those people a lot, I hired a lot of their interns and understood their life, what these people are like, so in a simple example, every I will tell you the place and the same thing happened, this is Fry's so I said are you mad, don't you know the spelling, look, Fry Friday is called that, so he said, Sir, please leave it, then I came to know that this is slang, someone frys a fry, right, so YOLO, YOMO, YOYO, FOMO, FOLO, FOYO, you know all this was coming up that time and I didn't know all that, right, so I associated myself with these young guys because I was selling my product to these guys, I was selling the product to them, so I needed a guy who could understand their language, so we understood our consumers, we understood them, boss, what do they want, what language do they speak, what product do they want, at what price, what features do they want, so we understood our consumers very well, that is what I think is a key to our success, right, if we call it a success, and I feel, and I feel we are doing a lot for the consumers today, and my, you know, there is a guy called Jeff Bizj I think every one of you knows a Jeff Buzz, so Jeff has been a big inspiration, you know, I look up to him when he came to India, he did not leave the consumer obsession, that is one thing we learned from amazononline.in, when we had 200 people in India, now we touched down, by God's grace, for the last few quarters, IDC has said that we have been number one in India, we are top five rebel brands in the country, one advice I would like to give to people, some of you here would be 21 years old, some 25, some 35, one advice I would like to give to everyone is don't be afraid to fail, that means you have failed, I too have started three businesses, but none of them worked, what difference does it make, but what I learned there, you cannot learn anywhere else, okay, whether you do business or entrepreneurship, you will have to do it on your own, if you are doing business, then go to your boss and Tell them what you want to experiment with. And if you want to do business, then do business and try it because you will learn only if you fail. It is not necessary that you will fail. Who knows, your first idea might be such that you become the best, but don't be afraid, try. Shak Tank is coming to India. I will tell you a story related to Shak Tank. When I was starting a business at the age of 35, someone told me, "Friend, you should watch Shak Tank." Frankly, Shak Tank was not in India at that time, so Shak Tank was in the US. I have watched all the Shak Tank series of US and Shak Tank Worldwide, sorry, I have watched all the Shak Tank series of US and I am very inspired by it. I used to know what to say, what questions to ask, what to think, what to say, how to build your business. What do investors look at, what do consumers look at. Shak Tank has been a very big influence in my life, in fact, when I even wrote to my first investor. No, I had written on the link that Kawal, I love him, he's a great guy. I had written to Kawal that Kawal, I don't know, friend, you are already profitable, what do you need from me, you know, you need money, no, I do n't need money, I need a vegetable. I had written to him that boss, I need a vegetable who can help me and I had written that Shark Brackets from Shark Tank when Shark Tank came to India and I came to know that Shark Tank is being promoted and when they contacted me, I got very emotional. I didn't think that I didn't know whether they would take me or not, but I liked the fact that Shark Tank is coming to India and there will be crores of such people, how many entrepreneurs will come, either they will get money, if they do n't get money, they will get positioning because they will come, the whole of India will see what their product is, how they do it, so they will get marketing and promotion. If they do n't get that, if they don't get money, they don't get promotion, then they will get advice because where these Sharks, these entrepreneurs are sitting They know that they are sitting here because they have done something in their respective areas, they have done something and if they are telling you something then brother listen to them because they have got it done, they have also done a lot of hard work and they want you to learn from them so they will make them understand [Praise] [Music] Josh Talks is now on spotify.com So you can follow Josh Talks podcast and listen to many such inspirational stories only on spotify.com

  Top Comments:
  1. @JoshTalksHindi [770 likes]: English सीखें, Practice करें और Network करें, भारत के लाखों Students के साथ  
https://joshskills.app.link/vAe0cBLTOnb
  2. @ankitpatel4967 [1 likes]: CHINA PRODUCTS
  3. @ranjeetrajbhar6972 [1 likes]: Add 17.1 billion
  4. @itz_smile_vloger: Wah
  5. @rajendrachaubey3357: ai mobile india
  6. @vertikakapil7827: Meaning of ur name and one bollywood actor son is same
  7. @rosogolla199: Boat earbuds manufacturer in china but pakeging by india
  8. @benimadhabsarangi2334: stuggler Aman।।🎉🎉
  9. @ChiragSharma-n2j: Great Success Story 🎉
  10. @nitishhere3529: i am also at that phase of life,jisme mujhe khud nahi maalum ki mai chahta kya hoon apni jindagi me at the age of 23 .
  11. @PappuKumar-fh2gp: Bhai me real me boat ke headphones se hi video sun rha hu 😮😮😮😮😂😂
  12. @ABIRHASAN-v3y: Nicely put together video.
  13. @ShrikantSinghRajput-l5u: Hi Sir mere pass ek business idea h please aap ek baar sune need support
  14. @bharat-info: Abhi wrong product bhej kar 24 hr ka warranty bol kar service reject karte ho...
  15. @arbazpathanas4992: Mera sound boat Avante 1550 plus hai aur buds air dops supreme or 181 mere pass sab hi bohat hai 😂
  16. @seemakadamsalunke27: Very inspiring 🎉
  17. @sumit2006y: Boat ⛵ ka airdopes se sun raha hu 😅yea video
  18. @mk07-o1n: Boat mera pass he
  19. @Avinashkumar-gv6tq: Customer bhagwan hai to customer bahut bda wala bhi hota hai samjh jao bs. Customer kisi ka saga nhi hota hai I am also in business or mene bahut dhoka khaya hai business mein. Halaki ek luxury life jee chuka hun. But abhi apun simple hai.
  20. @JourneyWithSwayam: Hum bhi bana lenge ❤

- Cost of boat ownership P2. Comprehensive guide for maintenance, repair, upgrades, and retrofitting.: Kind: captions Language: en in this episode we are going to cover cost of&nbsp; ownership so if you're in the market looking for&nbsp;&nbsp; a sail boat and curious about cost of ownership&nbsp; or you already have a boat and trying to get more&nbsp;&nbsp; information about maintenance or berthing&nbsp; you may find the upcoming content helpful welcome back to Sea Bee sailing my name is Kivanc&nbsp; I own a 2016 Elon impression 45, although the&nbsp;&nbsp; information and the pricing I'm going to&nbsp; share in this episode applies to this&nbsp;&nbsp; specific boat it can be generalized for&nbsp; any similarly sized and speced production cruiser in previous episode we covered&nbsp; the facilities the lift experience the rudder&nbsp;&nbsp; bearing replacement Sail Drive and folding&nbsp; prop service Bow thruster service and underwater works if you have not seen the first episode&nbsp; you can find the Link on the upper right corner in this episode we are going to cover&nbsp; the major engine service including a complete&nbsp;&nbsp; engine overhaul and major Sail Drive service&nbsp; including removal off the sale drive and gasket replacement our fourth project overall and first&nbsp;&nbsp; project in this episode is the&nbsp; engine overhaul and major engine service so today is the day they are going&nbsp; to take the engine out of the engine bay so far so the heat exchanger has been removed the&nbsp; exhaust elbow is removed uh the water pump&nbsp;&nbsp; is gone the alternator is gone so far uh the&nbsp; air filter element is gone so what we we opted&nbsp;&nbsp; out for is the volvo recommends the&nbsp; seal for the Sail Drive to be changed every&nbsp;&nbsp; seven years and that's um this seal right here&nbsp; it's a fairly big job but in order for the&nbsp;&nbsp; mechanic to take the Sail Drive the rubber&nbsp; sitting off they need to remove the engine so&nbsp;&nbsp; that's what's going to happen today as usual&nbsp; we do not accept sponsored content all goods&nbsp;&nbsp; and services mentioned here or any of our episodes&nbsp; are paid out of pocket by us from our hard earned money with the three people on the job and the&nbsp; accumulated experience and the wisdom over the&nbsp;&nbsp; years the whole process of lifting the engine&nbsp; out of the engine bay took about 30 minutes now the engine is out of the way the next&nbsp;&nbsp; step is removing the sail drive so&nbsp; Ahmet has access to the sail drive for those of you who are interested Sea Bee is equipped with the naturally aspirated Volvo d255 power unit&nbsp;&nbsp; pair it with a sail drive with reverse gear [Music] if your boat is equipped with one&nbsp; of these sales drives and you always&nbsp;&nbsp; wondered how much of an opening there is&nbsp; or you have reservations or concerns about&nbsp;&nbsp; buying a boat with a sail drive versus&nbsp; a traditional shaft drive because of&nbsp;&nbsp; the opening I hope these visuals give you&nbsp; an idea of the size of the through hull this is the Sail Drive gasket that came out&nbsp; of the boat it appears to be in pretty good&nbsp;&nbsp; shape Sea Bee is 2016 model and this is the&nbsp; original gasket upon close examination&nbsp;&nbsp; I honestly told it will have been fine if we&nbsp; didn't replace it so perhaps every 7 years&nbsp;&nbsp; may have been an overkill but we'll&nbsp; love to hear your thoughts about it around mid April the dry dock in marmaris is&nbsp; so full it is becoming difficult to find my way around here's a quick look of the&nbsp; heat exchanger and the membrane at the workshop and here are the exhaust elbow the starter motor and&nbsp; the raw water pump being worked on in the workshop by Ahmet well today marks day9 and they started putting&nbsp; the engine back together give you guys a quick&nbsp;&nbsp; update of what is going on so they put the heat&nbsp; exchanger back in place and what they did with&nbsp;&nbsp; this is um they open it up and there's actually&nbsp; a membrane inside they cleaned that up and then&nbsp;&nbsp; they put it back and they said it wasn't in&nbsp; good shape so they didn't have to replace&nbsp;&nbsp; the second thing they did was um the opening&nbsp; to the exhaust elbow right over here um it was&nbsp;&nbsp; rusted and I have videos for that I'll put it&nbsp; up uh so they sent that to machine shop&nbsp;&nbsp; and they renewed that opening to the exhaust elbow&nbsp; um the exhaust elbow is new uh the one that came uh&nbsp;&nbsp; with the engine I think it is um a known&nbsp; issue for volvo pentas as well as the Yanmars&nbsp;&nbsp; uh the the fact that they use um iron for&nbsp; the exhaust elbow and then as you know there's&nbsp;&nbsp; like a lot of water goes through this and&nbsp; then um what happens eventually is that get&nbsp;&nbsp; things gets rusted and I have videos for that um&nbsp; previous exhaust elbow too so you can see how it&nbsp;&nbsp; looks like after 6 years and 1,100 hours of use&nbsp; um so this unit I bought from United States um&nbsp;&nbsp; I think the company is called HDI marine and&nbsp; it is stainless steel so it's supposed to um&nbsp;&nbsp; hold well the guys here in marmaris tms they&nbsp; were impressed by this unit so um okay what&nbsp;&nbsp; else is going on here so I think on the back&nbsp; of the engine that's probably it moving to the front um so as far as I can tell the the&nbsp; alternator is still out they have sent that&nbsp;&nbsp; to testing um so we're waiting for that uh the&nbsp; water pump um assembly is out I think they&nbsp;&nbsp; are finishing it it's in the shop I saw it earlier&nbsp; and you know the belts and all that other stuff&nbsp;&nbsp; is also missing at the front of the engine so&nbsp; what we are waiting for at this point um is the&nbsp;&nbsp; seal for the sail drive so we're waiting&nbsp; for this part to arrive so they can put the&nbsp;&nbsp; sail drive back in so that seal goes uh between&nbsp; the Sail Drive and the and the hull of the boat&nbsp;&nbsp; so it's just crazy I learned yesterday that um and&nbsp; that's the piece that actually separates the water&nbsp;&nbsp; and the boat so it's a very um important piece uh&nbsp; it's a rubber ceiling that keeps the water out of&nbsp;&nbsp; the boat and as you can see there's a considerable&nbsp; size amount of hole in there so if that fails&nbsp;&nbsp; uh you're in big trouble so Volvo recommends&nbsp; it to be changed every 7 years uh I think they&nbsp;&nbsp; started with 7 years but now the recommendation&nbsp; is is change to change it every five years I've seen boats that have never changed it and&nbsp; they've been standing for 15 years but you&nbsp;&nbsp; know I have decided to replace it you know as&nbsp; as an opportunity for being on on the hard so&nbsp;&nbsp; this long I think that's a good time for us to&nbsp; take care of that so yeah um I think we may have&nbsp;&nbsp; the engine back in n the place today I believe the part is going to arrive today&nbsp;&nbsp; so these guys are here are very efficient&nbsp; and so you know I watched them taking the&nbsp;&nbsp; the engine off and the sail drive off and took&nbsp; you know 20 25 minutes max to get everything out&nbsp;&nbsp; of the boat and I am assuming it's going to&nbsp; be probably about the same to put it back in foreign speech speech foreign speech Ahmet takes the opportunity of the engine being&nbsp;&nbsp; out of the engine bay to service&nbsp; the engine before it goes back in spech foreign speech foreign speeech as soon as the Sail Drive gasket arrived later that&nbsp;&nbsp; day the work began immediately&nbsp; to put everything back together speech foreign speech it took two people about 15&nbsp; minutes to put the drive back in place to learn more about the complete Sail Drive&nbsp;&nbsp; service please check our first episode I&nbsp; will provide the link on the upper right corner now the Sail Drive is in place the next&nbsp; job is to put the engine back where it belongs to just like lifting the engine lowering back&nbsp; to the engine bay was a 3 person effort the trick here is to align the engine with&nbsp; the Sail Drive at this point we had four people Ahmet The Mastermind, there was one&nbsp; person in front of the engine pushing it&nbsp;&nbsp; back another one on the crane lowering&nbsp; it down and there is a fourth person&nbsp;&nbsp; underneath the boat rotating the sail&nbsp; drive so the shaft is aligned with the engine speeech foriegn for foreign speech foreign speech once the engine put in&nbsp; place it was once again a one man show once everything was in put in place we&nbsp; were ready to fire up the engine for that we&nbsp;&nbsp; needed water but the boat being on the hard I thought&nbsp; this is going to be a problem but apparently you&nbsp;&nbsp; can run fresh water through your engine's cooling&nbsp; system and this is how you do it all you need to&nbsp;&nbsp; do is identify the intake hose at your raw water&nbsp; filter the intake hose is usually connected to&nbsp;&nbsp; a through hull seacock disconnect the other hose&nbsp; not the intake hose from the row water filter&nbsp;&nbsp; and attach it to the fresh water source and make&nbsp; sure you turn the water on before you start your engine Ahmet made this neat adapter on the fly&nbsp; on one end it attaches to the fresh water hose&nbsp;&nbsp; and the other to the engine cooling intake&nbsp; I was so amazed with the process Ahmet ended&nbsp;&nbsp; up giving me the adapter as a present for&nbsp; future use if you plan on doing this when&nbsp;&nbsp; your boat is floating please make sure you&nbsp; close your seock before you start the opereration and after almost 2 months sitting on&nbsp; the heart Sea Bee is finally ready for action well this is all looking good water pouring out of&nbsp;&nbsp; the exhaust and no warning&nbsp; lights on the instrument panel [Music]&nbsp;&nbsp; the engine and the Sail Drive service has been&nbsp; done I am quite excited about this they put&nbsp;&nbsp; everything back together and put it back in the&nbsp; boat and uh at one point I got to tell you it&nbsp;&nbsp; look really scary you got you got the engine in&nbsp; the the gallery and the Sail Drive was off the&nbsp;&nbsp; butt the Workshop but you know nevertheless&nbsp; they put everything back together and it's all in&nbsp;&nbsp; the engine now and we did a um run here in the dry&nbsp; dock I put the video out there for you guys it's&nbsp;&nbsp; it was kind of a interesting process they hook it&nbsp; up to fresh water and they can actually run the&nbsp;&nbsp; engine so everything seems to be working fine at&nbsp; this point obviously we need to wait until we&nbsp;&nbsp; are back in the water to test everything that&nbsp; has been done on the boat now uh let's recall&nbsp;&nbsp; everything that has been done starting from&nbsp; the front of the engine uh so they took the&nbsp;&nbsp; alternator and the starter motor they separated from&nbsp; the engine they also separated the heat exchanger&nbsp;&nbsp; from the engine too for them to get serviced so&nbsp; with the alternator they uh replaced the brushings&nbsp;&nbsp; on them uh this is a new belt uh that I had so&nbsp; they installed a new belt um the raw water pump&nbsp;&nbsp; the this this unit here was leaking um so they&nbsp; place the seal at the front and in the back&nbsp;&nbsp; apparently the problem was the back seal not&nbsp; the front uh which I thought was the front but um&nbsp;&nbsp; hopefully it will stop leaking now so anything&nbsp; else up front so with the heat exchanger so they&nbsp;&nbsp; took it off uh they took it off the engine&nbsp; they cleaned it inside uh so I actually had a&nbsp;&nbsp; chance to look at it so it looked pretty good&nbsp; it the inside of it uh but the problem with&nbsp;&nbsp; that was where it connects to the exhaust elbow at the&nbsp; back right over here it started to get rusted&nbsp;&nbsp; so the one of the things that is common&nbsp; with this engines is the exhaust elbow here I&nbsp;&nbsp; don't know why but they make it from cast iron&nbsp; probably cost um and while when mixed with the&nbsp;&nbsp; salt water this unit tends to get rusted&nbsp; inside so you guys need to pay attention to&nbsp;&nbsp; that and there is a way of of telling that I will&nbsp; cover that in a minute so um so they cleaned it&nbsp;&nbsp; the heat exchanger element and they um welded&nbsp; the end of it over here where it connects to the&nbsp;&nbsp; exhaust elbow and then they finished it refinish&nbsp; it the machine shop so it looked pretty good&nbsp;&nbsp; I will move uh to the back of the engine&nbsp; and see what else has been done to the engine obviously the boat is is a mess at this point so this starter unit has been taken off the&nbsp; engine and it was sent to a a a specialty shop and&nbsp;&nbsp; they looked at it and they sent it back apparently&nbsp; it's good so the exhaust elbove which is over here as you&nbsp;&nbsp; guys can see I can I replaced this hose too that&nbsp; comes out of the exhaust elbow so one of the tell tails that you should be paying attention to&nbsp; is if your exhaust elbow is getting rusted inside&nbsp;&nbsp; or your heat exchanger you're going to see some rust residue on this hose so if you notice a&nbsp;&nbsp; rust residue on this hose that means either your&nbsp; exhaust elbow most probably your exhaust elbow or your&nbsp;&nbsp; heat exchanger is rusting inside uh so the big job&nbsp; was this guy right over here the gasket under the&nbsp;&nbsp; sail drive so that has been replace so in order&nbsp; to do that is I covered earlier you have to remove&nbsp;&nbsp; the engine and the sail drive from the boat&nbsp; to get access to that sealing which is a big job okay so obviously they also did the minor&nbsp; service with the engine so the fuel filters&nbsp;&nbsp; and the oil filter there's the pre- filter here and then the oil filter has been replaced&nbsp; we got a new oil and obviously with the heat&nbsp;&nbsp; exchanger we got uh we got a coolant flush&nbsp; and a new coolant too the cost of the&nbsp;&nbsp; major engine service was $1,434 including&nbsp; everything you have seen in this episode&nbsp;&nbsp; please note that I provided some&nbsp; of the maintenance parts such as&nbsp;&nbsp; the fluids filters and the alternator&nbsp; belt which is not included in this price&nbsp;&nbsp; the Sail Drive gasket replacement cost&nbsp; me another $985 including parts and labor in the next episode&nbsp; we are going to cover our&nbsp;&nbsp; grand tackle upgrades included a brand new anchor we are going to&nbsp; replace all sanitary hoses and service the&nbsp;&nbsp; holding tank and Sea Bee gets much needed solar panels&nbsp; and a custom made solar arc along with all new batteries we going to make some improvements to&nbsp;&nbsp; deck safety and service the&nbsp; water heater and much more so make sure to stay tuned for the upcoming&nbsp; episode of the three-part series of coast of boat ownership

  Top Comments:
  1. @franksayda9546 [2 likes]: Good job !! thank you for showing us the service .👍👍
  2. @jeff7546 [2 likes]: Great content and excellent filming of all the work done. 👍👍
  3. @Pacem_ [1 likes]: Este ha sido por mucho uno de los mejores videos que he visto a profundidad Sobre un mantenimiento profundo con lujo de detalles. Ahora comprendo porqué la mecánica naval es tan costosa. Me alegro saber que contabas con una mano de obra eficiente y cualificada muy capaz.
  4. @mikaoyry9144 [1 likes]: Very good information thanks for the video :)
  5. @migaguiar [1 likes]: Was an excellent price IMO
  6. @yanassi [1 likes]: Really interesting. I wonder what would an electric motor servicing call be like, if any? As boats propulsion becomes more electric such needs becomes more prevalent. Rather than a pullout maybe replacing electronics that fail in the salt water environment.
  7. @psystealth [1 likes]: loads of money ? looks like you bought a heap? or are you just replacing everything?
  8. @teceltecel [1 likes]: Thank you for the insight! Keep rockin´!!!
  9. @admir_ [1 likes]: Thank you for very informative videos! If time allows, post the next episode soon! All the best!
  10. @philipposchr4049 [1 likes]: Perfect video. Having exactly same boat i am really looking forward to the next one.
  11. @sgaar [1 likes]: Good stuff. Hopefully it will not take another 7 months before the last part of this. 🤔
  12. @ag705 [1 likes]: Thank you Kivanc for showing us honestly your costs and excellent details you have catched with your camera. It was an excellent job in benefit of many sailors, a lot of very interesting information. Thanks again and good winds! 😊
  13. @vtoroybereg [1 likes]: I am also an owner of Elan Impression 45.1, your videos are very useful & informative. I was several times in Marmaris Yacht Marina & I can confirm all what is filmed here. Always waiting for your videos, thank you for  your so useful job. Continue, please!
  14. @andrew8025 [1 likes]: Great episode!  Fortunate to have such skilled and experienced technicians servicing your boat and reasonable price too.  What a huge hassle it is to replace the saildrive gasket though!  I'm happy to have a direct drive
  15. @Cptnbond: How many hours did the engine have?

- Cost of boat ownership P1. Comprehensive guide for maintenance, repair, upgrades, and retrofitting.: Kind: captions Language: en in this episode we are going to cover cost of&nbsp; ownership so if you're in the market looking for&nbsp;&nbsp; a sail boat and curious about cost of ownership&nbsp; or you already have a boat and trying to get more&nbsp;&nbsp; information about maintenance or berthing&nbsp; you may find the upcoming content helpful welcome back to Sea Bee sailing my name is Kivanch and I own&nbsp; a 2016 Elan Impression 45 although the information&nbsp;&nbsp; and the pricing I'm going to share in this episode&nbsp; applies to this specific boat it can be generalized&nbsp;&nbsp; for any similarly sized and spec production&nbsp; Cruiser well we are currently in Fethiye&nbsp;&nbsp; Sea Bee is berthed in the marina in Fethiye we arrived here&nbsp; back in September and it is time for us to get the&nbsp;&nbsp; maintenance done and the problem we're having in&nbsp; this Marina is there is no uh there's no lift and&nbsp;&nbsp; there are not proper facilities nearby there is a&nbsp; facility next door but um when I went there to&nbsp;&nbsp; check it out it's they don't have any lifts either&nbsp; and they have some kind of a ramp and then some um&nbsp;&nbsp; heavy equipment that uh actually pulls the boats&nbsp; out of the water and the dry dock itself seemed a&nbsp;&nbsp; little bit chaotic so I don't want to take any&nbsp; chances what I have decided to do is I'm going&nbsp;&nbsp; to take the boat to another coastal town called&nbsp; Marmaris we stopped by there on the way over&nbsp;&nbsp; here and I was impressed by uh the operation&nbsp; there they have multiple lifts and and a huge dry dock the facilities we decided on is called&nbsp; yacht Marine and it is located in Yalanci Bogaz in&nbsp;&nbsp; marmaris and the project management company is&nbsp; recommended by us by another fellow Cruiser who&nbsp;&nbsp; has been living in Turkey for an extensive time&nbsp; it is called TMS marine and they have an office&nbsp;&nbsp; within the marina which is very convenient&nbsp; our overall experience with TMS Marine was&nbsp;&nbsp; positive they delivered everything we asked for&nbsp; on time and they were reasonable with the price&nbsp;&nbsp; the first thing got my attention was&nbsp; how efficient the operation was &nbsp; and to my surprise there was a diver provided by&nbsp; yach Marina making sure the straps of the&nbsp;&nbsp; lift is not interfering with delicate parts&nbsp; of the boat such as the sail drive or the shaft it was the most welcome service and the&nbsp; pricing for the diver is included in the lift what we didn't know is because of safety reasons&nbsp; any sailboat that needs to be lifted has to be&nbsp;&nbsp; in bare bones a furling main is okay but classic&nbsp; slab reefed main or any furling genoa or jib needs&nbsp;&nbsp; to be removed before the operation can start&nbsp; upon arrival three of the TMS crew step on the&nbsp;&nbsp; boat and within minutes they removed the genoa&nbsp; neatly packaged it and send it to a sailmaker for inspection there is also an unspoken rule about&nbsp;&nbsp; tipping the lift operator which I&nbsp; later learned is shared by the lift crew and this is what the bottom looked&nbsp; like after being 2 years in the water there are number of project management companies&nbsp; within the marina or in the near town of Marmaris&nbsp;&nbsp; it is entirely up to you to decide whether or&nbsp; not you want to work with a project management&nbsp;&nbsp; company I recommend working with a reputable&nbsp; project management company versus working&nbsp;&nbsp; with a third party well you may say it's&nbsp; more expensive that way don't discount the&nbsp;&nbsp; fact that the project management companies&nbsp; have more negotiation power and leverage&nbsp;&nbsp; on the third parties than you do at the end of&nbsp; the day you may end up paying more and lose the&nbsp;&nbsp; convenience factor that said the lift and the&nbsp; dry dock is completely independent from any&nbsp;&nbsp; third party you deal with the marina directly and&nbsp; you have the total freedom to work on your boat yourself it was surprising to see how effective&nbsp;&nbsp; pressure wash was within minutes&nbsp; most of the growth was off the hull after pressure washing the bottom&nbsp; they settled Sea Bee on a cradle which will&nbsp;&nbsp; be her resting place for the next 2 months from there they transferred Sea Bee through the&nbsp;&nbsp; tightest aisles of boats with only&nbsp; couple inches to spare on each side I have a lot of stressful moments&nbsp; as a boat captain within the last&nbsp;&nbsp; four years and this was for sure one of them starting January up until end&nbsp; of March is the busiest time in this&nbsp;&nbsp; facility with very rare spots in the dry dock&nbsp; my observation was around mid April some boats&nbsp;&nbsp; start going into the water for the season and&nbsp; that left some availability for the newcomers what we learned from other sailors in the&nbsp; Mediterranean is if you need to get some&nbsp;&nbsp; job done on your boat Turkey is the place to&nbsp; be there are multiple reasons for that and the&nbsp;&nbsp; most important ones are uh the availability of&nbsp; the parts if you're looking for a part and you&nbsp;&nbsp; cannot find it in Marmaris they say you cannot&nbsp; find it anywhere in the world and the second&nbsp;&nbsp; and the most important reason is the quality of&nbsp; craftsmanship and labor is reasonably priced in Turkey the cost of Sea Bee's stay at yacht marine comes as&nbsp; a package and that includes the travel lift for&nbsp;&nbsp; two ways the dry dock for 2 months the pressure&nbsp; wash the cradle and the diver service for the lift located about 15 minutes&nbsp; from downtown Marmaris yacht marina&nbsp;&nbsp; offers one of the biggest service capacity in the Mediterranean the two travel lifts&nbsp; offer up to 330 tons of lifting power and the marina can offer&nbsp; up to 750 wet and 1,000 dry berths even with this humongous capacity the&nbsp; biggest challenge here is availability during&nbsp;&nbsp; the winter months it's almost impossible to&nbsp; find a dry dock in yacht Marine when I first call&nbsp;&nbsp; them to make a reservation they said there's no&nbsp; availability but TMS worked their magic inside&nbsp;&nbsp; and was able to secure a spot for Sea Bee another&nbsp; advantage of having a project management company the bigger of the two travel lifts&nbsp; can move some enormous boats with Incredible precision the facility can accommodate&nbsp; probably the biggest boats I have ever seen on dry dock it's easy to get lost among this giant but we have a list of projects we have to&nbsp; accomplish within the next two months to name a few other than the typical&nbsp; underwater works we are due for a major&nbsp;&nbsp; engine and sail drive service the rudder needs to be looked at because there&nbsp;&nbsp; has been a considerable play our&nbsp; 7-year-old batteries and sanitary&nbsp;&nbsp; hoses needs to be replaced and we are&nbsp; finally getting much needed solar panels installed our first project is&nbsp; replacing the lower Rudder bearing this issue was pointed out to me by the&nbsp; surveyor back in 2021 during the purchase process the tell tales of&nbsp; a worn rudder bearing is a&nbsp;&nbsp; vibrating wheel especially if you're&nbsp; under engine power more so in high RPMs so first of all as you can see the rudder is&nbsp; off the boat and there was a considerable&nbsp;&nbsp; play at the rudder when we pulled the boat in the&nbsp; dry dock and then you hold on to the rudder and and you&nbsp;&nbsp; shake it you can actually see there was a gap&nbsp; in here and the rudder was moving inside the rudder post&nbsp;&nbsp; so um they we decided to take the rudder off the&nbsp; boat and then uh when we took it off actually&nbsp;&nbsp; the bearing the lower bearing which should be&nbsp; snug in this in this hole came right off with&nbsp;&nbsp; the post uh so that's not good so um they are&nbsp; going to uh manufacturer and new bearing that&nbsp;&nbsp; will be a snug fit in here so hopefully we will&nbsp; get rid of that um rudder movement or shakness in order to pull the rudder out of the boat as you can see they dig a little hole so they have enough clearance to drop the rudder and the rudder itself right now over here and now here is where the bearing was meanwhile in the machine shop they already&nbsp; start manufacturing the cestimate bearing one of my observations was how efficient&nbsp; the operation was there's always multiple&nbsp;&nbsp; project going at the same time where one to three&nbsp;&nbsp; people are either working on the boat&nbsp; or in the machine shop simultaneously the new bearing was manufactured&nbsp; and installed in a matter of hours replacing the lower rudder bearing came up&nbsp; to $690, including the labor and the custom-made bearing next in the list is cleaning and&nbsp; servicing the sail drive and the folding prop on our way to marmaris to the lift&nbsp; I had a chance to record the condition of the belly of the boat and our folding&nbsp; prop and this is how it looked like let me introduce to the Master Mechanic&nbsp; at TMS Marine with 30 years of experience&nbsp;&nbsp; Ahmet knows almost any and every boat inside&nbsp; and out he will be the project lead on all&nbsp;&nbsp; mechanical work done on Sea Bee this guy should&nbsp; have his own show not only he is an expert in this field he's also a phenomenal instructor&nbsp; noticing my interest he pointed most everything&nbsp;&nbsp; he noticed and gave clear instructions&nbsp; on how to fix things things along the way the folding prop will be dismantled&nbsp; cleaned and reconditioned in the workshop by Ahmet tms's Workshop is also located&nbsp; inside the facilities which is very convenient and although they're busy the&nbsp; staff is always welcoming and friendly and this is how the folding prop&nbsp; looked like before and after service today marks day four in dry dock I give you&nbsp; guys a little update of what is going on they&nbsp;&nbsp; took the folding prop out and it's in the machine&nbsp; shop right now they are going to clear it up and um everything in here and the little shaft that&nbsp; goes in here for the prop is is in good shape&nbsp;&nbsp; I saw in the machine shop ear earlier and then&nbsp; they gave you a they gave me a thumbs up on that&nbsp;&nbsp; what we're trying to oh the one thing that was&nbsp; happening though is um the the seal on the folding prop&nbsp; was just starting to leak so when we open it&nbsp; up uh the little shaft that goes from from this to&nbsp;&nbsp; the prop uh on the very end of it we could have&nbsp; see like the cloudiness on the oil so um&nbsp;&nbsp; they're telling me that we pull that out right&nbsp; in time what we trying to figure out or or&nbsp;&nbsp; what I need to decide at this point is the&nbsp; sail drive has a seal around inside around&nbsp;&nbsp; here and that needs to be replaced by every 7&nbsp; years recommended by Volvo Penta and &nbsp; I need to figure whether or not I'm going&nbsp; to do that uh it's an expensive job they&nbsp;&nbsp; need to take the engine off separate the sail&nbsp; drive um from the engine uh move the engine&nbsp;&nbsp; and drop the Sail Drive in order to replace&nbsp; that um sealing that actually is between&nbsp;&nbsp; the Sail Drive and the um the um engine and it&nbsp; is actually um what is preventing the water to&nbsp;&nbsp; come through into the boat so it's an&nbsp; important part um I I think I'm going to&nbsp;&nbsp; have to replace it but I haven't see the&nbsp; price yet so I'm I'm a bit nervous about that the sail drive service cost me $340 including&nbsp; the the shaft seal the O-rings and the artificial&nbsp;&nbsp;zincs next is one of the biggest ticket items&nbsp; in our project list the crew will be scraping&nbsp;&nbsp; down the old anti-fouling and sending the&nbsp; primer before they apply the new primer and&nbsp;&nbsp;the anti-fouling they scraped the anti-fouling by hand&nbsp; and then this is the primer that they said it's it's in good shape so they're&nbsp; going to keep the primer here and they're going&nbsp;&nbsp; to apply a couple of more layers of the primer&nbsp; and today they started to um sand it a little&nbsp;&nbsp; bit so this part is is sanded and then that&nbsp; part is not as you can see um so the sanding&nbsp;&nbsp; is going to be completed and then they're&nbsp; going to apply more primer before they apply&nbsp;&nbsp;the anti- fouling so the the sealant between&nbsp; the keal and the and the hull I actually did&nbsp;&nbsp; this couple year back in Croatia in Dubrovnik so&nbsp; that needs to be checked and um I think this is&nbsp;&nbsp; in probably really bad shape so that needs to be&nbsp; replaced too this is the ceiling and it's falling apart so all the sea-cock are going to be um&nbsp; inspected and if needed renewed and um or serviced one thing I need to get used to is this so it's&nbsp;&nbsp; kind of scary at the beginning but&nbsp; you know get used to it rather quick next in our list is servicing the bow thruster and for that Ahmet is back in action the service includes cleaning&nbsp; the bow thruster pipe recondition the&nbsp;&nbsp; two little props inside the&nbsp; pipe replacing the anods the&nbsp;&nbsp; artificial zincs and also inspecting the&nbsp; bow thruster motor to make sure it's working properly here's Ahmet quickly realizing&nbsp; the bow thruster props are installed incorrectly the port side is installed to the&nbsp; starboard and the starboard is installed to the port to compensate the problem instead of&nbsp;&nbsp; reinstalling the props they decided to&nbsp; crisscross the wires on the motor and&nbsp;&nbsp; therefore I never realized anything&nbsp; off about the bow thrusters all this time twe also sign up for detailing the&nbsp; exterior of the boat which includes&nbsp;&nbsp; waxing and polish in the hull&nbsp; above waterline and the upper decks while Ahmet is busy servicing the bow thruster&nbsp; two of the TMS crew are sanding the hull for&nbsp;&nbsp; the first layer of the primer here are the&nbsp; two service guys the one at the bottom is&nbsp;&nbsp; applying a layer of primer and the one on&nbsp; the top is waxing and polishing the decks I don't know about you guys but&nbsp; she already started looking much better by applying different shades of primer they&nbsp; can tell how many layers of&nbsp; primer they already applied we opted for four layers of&nbsp; primer and two layers of anti-fouling here's a quick comparison of what&nbsp; she looked like about a month ago and now the cost of entire underwater Works&nbsp; came up to $3,400 including parts and labor next on Sea Bee sailing we are going to&nbsp; cover our major engine overhaul we will&nbsp;&nbsp; be also replacing the Sail Drive gasket in&nbsp; installing much needed solar panels with a&nbsp;&nbsp; new set of fresh batteries we will be upgrading&nbsp; our ground tackle and replacing all sanitary hoses&nbsp;&nbsp; we will also be demonstrating our superior&nbsp; negotiation skills all coming up next on Sea Bee sailing

  Top Comments:
  1. @ccad99 [2 likes]: Great video. I really like the detail you provided, the clean video shots and the clear explanations of what you're doing to maintain Sea Bee. I'm preparing for my eventual purchase of my dream sailboat and getting a clear understanding of the maintenance and expected costs is very helpful. Thanks!
  2. @jeff7546 [2 likes]: Great video detailing the work completed and the workers providing the services, including the honest costs. Really enjoying your travels and experiences. Thank you for taking the time and effort to share.
  3. @PhilipDonovan-ed5pd [2 likes]: That was very informative - when is Pt 2 please? 😊
  4. @carlostrotter4440 [2 likes]: GREAT!!! When is pat 2 coming? Keep up the good work
  5. @aog5640 [2 likes]: Great video 👍👏
  6. @ericbauwens6685 [1 likes]: I can't wait to see your second video on Sea Bee maintenance costs. are you still sailing? sympathy from Belgium
  7. @ag705 [1 likes]: Hi there, where is the continuation of this chapter please.. Thanks Kivanc !
  8. @MrAnthism [1 likes]: Where's the next episode mate?
  9. @karlmoderna [1 likes]: Opinions are indisputable. But that an hydraulic trailer is much less stressful to the hull compared to a travel lift is a FACT. Go down into your boat when is on the straps and try to close a door.
  10. @RonRacer100 [1 likes]: good video
Do you have an estimate monthly and or yearly cost?
  11. @mr.j3540 [1 likes]: When part 2? Still waiting Kaptan!
  12. @jeremija5 [1 likes]: Pink glasses PR done on that Marmaris dry dock is just almost creepy. It is far better to be financially independent and share realistic facts than doing something as this. People would value honesty and he would have far larger number of followers. The owner of this channel obviously think we are all so dumb to not seeing that he wouldn't tell us any flaw of that drydock if there was one. I would personally never follow such a channel where I would  never know for sure when the advice is friendly given, or when it is because an discount from the subjected topic related product/service is matter. It would be fair to say, these are my sponsors, or they gave us 50% discount and do some objective seeing of the site, as this may be deceiving for someone. I am sorry if I overreacted, I just don't like people who are not honest.
  13. @erdincerarslan9439 [1 likes]: waiting new episodes, hadi ama
  14. @iamasgroup [1 likes]: If there is a place to repair and haul out your boat, it is not Turkey my friend, it is Greece. 
Turkey is not in the EU and the parts are made in the EU. Turkey's economy and inflation are running at 75% per year minimum.
Greece is in the EU, so marinas are better equipped and the parts cost less.  
Greece has 6 times more leisure boats than Turkey so if there is no part in Greece there is not in Turkey. This is the concept.
  15. @captainsplash24 [1 likes]: Unbelievable! I have a center console boat and spent $3,800.00 just to replace the Power Assist Hydraulic Steering Pump. Looking to buy a sailboat and was worried about maintenance costs but after watching your video I’m happy to find out is much cheaper. Thank you for sharing. Your sailboat looks gorgeous.
  16. @pollatso: Great content interesting informative beautiful places thank you 👍👍🙏🇬🇧
  17. @spernisa: Great video. Just a question... It means that you have to do all these works every 2 years for this tipe of boat? Apparently the hull is in very good condition in 2 years, I would just wash the hull and wait one more year to perform anti-fouling.
  18. @kleitosaliagas5668: Is there a follow up episode to this?
  19. @Ready4pressure: Couldn’t watch. This intro ruined it
  20. @peterhebert7192: Thank you for posting what year is the Elan? How long was the boat in the water prior to taking it out to redo the hull?

- Man Living Off-Grid on a DIY Solar Powered Sailboat - 100% Fossil Fuel Free: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] living on a sailboat is really the ultimate living off grid i'm not even living on land i'm not connected to anything and you know waking up with sea otters in my dinghy or seals that come right up to my boat all the time and you know being able to just zip out of my dinghy for like 30 seconds out to some nice reefs and catch fish for dinner kind of experience you can't get any other way so this is old dog she's my 47 foot sailing solar fossil fuel free cruising catamaran and just my adventure headquarters so i've been living on this boat for over three years now this is a 1976 worm oro 47 it's a polynesian canoe cat style that's been around the pacific three times and when i bought it it had been sitting in the same spot for 12 years and hadn't moved and it was an absolute derelict i paid five thousand dollars canadian for it which was a way more money than it was worth but i bought it sight unseen from the other side of the country hopped on my motorcycle and just tore across the country and started my life out here today i'm gonna see the boat for the first time i'm excited and nervous and welcome to my ship this boat is it looks terrible but if you go in and touch everything and you feel everything it is really solid so yeah this ugly duckling is gonna it's gonna give me some good things before this i spent two years traveling around north america in a van and then i spent just short of a year traveling around a motorcycle and then i've been at this for three and a half years i have replaced her keels i have pulled hundreds of pounds of paint off of it i have replaced every square inch of deck pretty much just everything on this boat has been built when rebuilt and then rebuilt again i am close to being done it's going to look a lot better in just a year's time this boat is made entirely out of marine grade plywood some fur and some yellow cedar and then wrapped all up in epoxy and fiberglass just to give it a tougher skin but it's a very simple boat if i have a problem with my hull at any point i can run a skill saw through it i can go down to the shop pick up another sheet of plywood and fix it which is kind of nice i really wanted to go fossil fuel free when i bought the boat it had a functioning diesel engine in it and a lot of people were like why would you get rid of a functioning diesel engine the decision to go electric did have something to do with the environment the solar panels have gotten that much more potent the lithium batteries have really dropped in price now is the time it's exciting and i just want to be part of that but i also think it's about convenience you know with a boat like this if i do decide to do long crossings eventually i now can be motoring every day and i don't have to be limited by a tank in order to get the surface area necessary to make enough solar power to move a boat consistently you really need a multi-hull so i was looking at trimarans catamarans so i have 16 330 watt canadian made solar panels the boat has 5280 watts of solar which is a lot for a household or for a regular boat you know i'm able to run ovens and induction cook plates and a washing machine and water makers and just anything i want but once i start moving it's not actually that much power it's only about seven or eight horsepower which doesn't exactly move about very quickly so if you want to go any faster than three and a half four knots you're gonna have to start using the batteries i have just short of 20 kilowatt hours worth of battery and i'm using one hp ev ac 12 kilowatt motor so i do want to stress this is a sailboat there will be sales eventually i'm just not there yet but as it stands right now i'm making enough power in the summer time to lift anchor in the morning and travel 50 kilometers across the georgia strait to vancouver and arrive well before sunset and not have touched my batteries at all so that's just off the power coming in on the panels so i really like having this level of solar power and that's the real game changer is is having the low resistance in the water of a catamaran and having the high power of all that solar there are some downsides to solar it is weather dependent for instance if it's raining you're not making much solar power but usually with rain comes wind and i'm putting up some wind turbines in fact i'm putting up the same amount as i have solar on the roof so hopefully those two will balance each other out well and hopefully i don't have any very calm very cloudy days i really designed this boat for me and i'm a big foodie i love to cook so the galley takes up a huge amount of space in the middle of the boat and everything else is a much smaller area my city is just a little cubby hole in the corner my cockpit at the back is not even built yet and i have four berths and all each one of them are little nooks that you tuck into get your own privacy but they're just there for sleeping and relaxing so i'm on gabriela island in the southern gulf i am only on this island because i bought the boat here and this community just sucked me in this is one of the most tropical locations in all of canada which is a bit of an oxymoron i suppose but it is a beautiful place and it's a great learning ground as a new sailor to start getting out and getting around like there's lots of little tiny islands to explore and there's current to learn about and there's seasonal storms to learn about my boat is on a mooring ball not anchor so there's less to worry about there because it is very secure it has a huge concrete block and really heavy chain that holds my boat in place so i'm not really worried about my boat breaking loose but that doesn't mean somebody else's boat might not break loose and i'm downwind on a lot of these storms from most of the other boats in the bay so there's still a lot to watch out for so on anchor you don't pay any rent on a mooring ball while you have to own a mooring ball but you know all things considered it's relatively cheap it's only when you take your boat to the dog that it really starts racking up a bill to heat my boat i've built my own stainless wood stove but i'm hoping to transition more to electric powered heat and building my own heat pump because it's more convenient i can just flick it on and set it to a temperature and i don't have to stock a wood stove all the time and keep wood on board as much in the winter time around here it gets quite dark this is pretty far north and so i don't actually make that much solar power in the wintertime to heat the boat off that will be challenging so really it will rely on the wind turbines to fill in that gap because there's a lot more wind in the winter and i make my own fresh water i have a water maker and with all this power it's easy to make fresh water at first when i got out here i told people i'd be sailing in six months i didn't know anything didn't know what i was doing the greatest thing that this boat has taught me is just all of the skills i've learned along the way you know i'm mentoring under a sail maker i'm learning to tig weld i'm learning to machine i've done so much woodworking and boat building and i'm working at the shipyard doing fiberglass work and engine work all the time and there's so many skills and when you're living on a boat you don't always have access to a shop that you can just walk down and hand your problem to so you got to fix it yourself and i really appreciate all of those skills that i've learned sometimes not always the easy way [Laughter] people always ask me where i want to take the boat first and i don't really know because i don't know what the boats would be capable of everything i'm doing hasn't really been tested out in the wild yet and so if it ends up that the boat can only do these southern gulf islands while there's worse places i could be stuck not a big deal i still have a four bedroom home on the water that's all fossil fuel free which is amazing but i think that these technologies and the things i'm doing are going to let this boat go some great distances i mean on paper this boat is lighter better powered with a higher bridge deck and lower cabin top than a laguna and those things cost half a million bucks so i think i'm doing great so a lot of people get into boating with a great big wad of cash i didn't have that option um so i bought a cheap boat and i've been buying cheap broken secondhand things fixing them myself and that's been the main thing that's kept the price down for me by the time this boat is done it should have spent roughly 45 000 canadian dollars and about just short of five years of my life building this boat but i've learned a lot i've had a place to live the whole time i'm living in paradise i mean all in all not a bad way to go i'm trying to focus on getting my boat done but i also work at the shipyard here and i work at the food bank regularly i also have a youtube channel finding simon i've been documenting this entire build i think i'm 200 episodes in or something like that and i also do some diving work now and some welding work and boat repair work i'm installing solar panels on boats regularly there are a lot of things people expect to be difficult about living on a boat like having to carry or make your own water having to make or carry your own electricity somehow carrying fuel out food out getting on board the boat like if you're on a mooring ball traveling back and forth from the beach is the worst and from a dock is better but like that's just a lot of extra time every time you forget your wallet on the counter and have to double back you know it's a lot of work and if you don't have an outboard and you're rowing like that's even more work there's a lot about living on a boat that's waiting for tide and waiting for current waiting for the right weather window teaches you a lot of patience teaches you a lot of zen calm down and relax and there's a lot of reason to calm down and relax i'm in a very beautiful place but you know i'm i wasn't this person when i started the project and it's taught me a lot subscribe to exploring alternatives and check out our playlists for more stories like this you can also follow simon on youtube at finding simon thanks for watching

  Top Comments:
  1. @ExploringAlternatives [103 likes]: Thanks for watching!  You can follow Finding Simon here: 
https://www.youtube.com/c/findingsimon
https://www.patreon.com/FindingSimon
https://www.instagram.com/Finding_Simon/
https://www.tiktok.com/@findingsimon
  2. @cabbagerollenterprise [11 likes]: This dude ia ready for waterworld 😂
  3. @GokmaSahala70 [1 likes]: Cool❤❤😂😂🎉🎉
  4. @DorothyMartin-l3t [1 likes]: Love it yo
  5. @robfredericks2984: WOW! that guy is amazing! A "Can Do" attitude and capability like none other. If a solar powered live-aboard is feasible in the Vancouver-Seattle area, it will work almost anywhere! I lived there (Whidbey Island NAS, Seattle, Tacoma) and I know the winter weather.
  6. @mehmetaltugnurdogdu4520: living one thing but being in boat 100 percent of the time would make anyone unhealty (my opinion)
  7. @stephenlabarre7890: Cute dog. (well, maybe 'cute' isn't the best description, ...but you know what I mean).
Sure, solar isn't best in some kinds of weather. But, neither is sailing. I'm sure it's fun, unpredictable, and demanding. You make us wannabees jealous.
Keep doing what you're doing; having fun, respecting the environment, finding new friend, and making new memories. Take a lot of pics of youself, your boat, and especially your dog. Life's short.
  8. @Everyonesunclewill: 100 present fossil fuel for that dingy  that's not free
  9. @janmajchrzak1585: ❤👍🤗
  10. @Lunaticgamer43: awesome video. but this boat is only designed to stay next to shore. hard wind and wave, say goodbye to your solar. whoever say GO GREEN, great idea but not for everything.
  11. @njsanders: So... where's the sail?
  12. @MiamiMacAttack: It’s because of people like you that are willing to try new ideas that the world improves. You are the reason that solar power has improves. Not to mention the pride you should have for what you are doing. You are living a dream.
  13. @JW-fq1pp: So the boat started out as probably a relatively nice Wharram catamaran.  Grafting that cabin onto it ruined it for its original purpose, but I guess you have what you wanted.  Catamarans are very stable and comfortable boats.
  14. @garthoberg8853: I have seen another solar power cat and he uses a kite for down wind instead of mast sails
  15. @randyx007: He is optimistic at least but a bit delusional
  16. @peterjol: I am old and my fit and healthy days are over...and oh man .....how  I wish I had been more like him and lived that kind of life.
  17. @solosailorsv8065: I have lived and sailed on my boat for over 30 years. Reality is; you cant insure it, so cant get a marina, so cant ever touch land( haulouts too) so , ok, it works for a few months....
Law Makers have Portfolios of rental properties, so make laws against ANY alternative to their land-trap
  18. @christopherosborn7081: Where does the dog go to the bathroom at?
  19. @DannyLee-442: Lithium ion batteries are just not safe! 
   I keep hearing about Teslas catching fire 🔥 and burning down peoples houses. 
    Lol. Cell phones that spontaneously combust. 
    Good luck with that. You are living on a time bomb. 
    I would be all for it if they had safer batteries. Unfortunately this hasn't happened yet. 
    Doing this on the water is insane in my opinion. A floating fire bomb! 
   There was another couple that lost their lives in the last year or so doing this.
  20. @nicetomeetyoumrfudd: apologies, but there is nothing "fossil fuel free"  about this boat. Maybe in its operation, but definitely not during its construction. Everything must was produced in a factory using fossil fuels from raw materials, including fossil fuels, before you consumed it.

- Our Generator BROKE IN HALF 😳 Sailing Vessel Delos Ep. 522: Kind: captions Language: en That's a crack. I was like, "What the hell is going on right there?" Our generator just broke in half. I mean, it's just a freaking piece of happens. I just want to chuck it in the ocean. Just kidding. We just can't seem to find that balance between hectic and chill. >> That's poop. >> Because ever since we left French Polynesia, it's been a total roller coaster. I don't know if you can see that, but I sliced my finger open pretty good. We've just sailed from Tonga to Fiji. And of course, lots of things broke just like they always do. >> It's um 2 o'clock in the morning and the wind died on my watch. I got to start the engine and he won't start. >> The boat gremlins weren't on our side for this trip. At least beer and burgers can still save the mood. Call that a day. Time for a beer. Should we go up to the pool and have a beer or what? Beer. Beer. Burger. Pool. >> Unlimited cheeseburgers and beers for Bill. >> Woohoo. Do you think this thing will ever work again? >> No. >> I think you're probably right. [Music] >> So, we just came off a pretty big passage. >> Yeah, it was good. >> Yeah. >> Dan made the funniest noises I've ever heard puking. It was like >> I've never quite heard anything like that. I didn't film it out of respect for him, but just Dan, if you're watching, you got to pukeing style like nobody else. >> I felt so bad, but he did really, really good. >> And we arrived into Nawi Island Marina, which is a really nice one. >> I just went down to the engine room to survey >> the numerous things that stopped working on the passage. >> Um, what? Starter didn't start. >> Yes. >> Generator made some weird freaking stuff happen and then shut down randomly. So, I've got my work cut out for me. >> Yeah. But this is a pretty sweet place to do it. And we also have some really big decisions to make. >> Yeah. We basically need to decide if we're going to stay here in Fiji. Yeah. >> And fly back to Australia and work on the boat or if we're going to >> just sail on through and do a delivery to Brisbane. >> But yeah, we haven't we haven't done >> what your gut tell you. >> I don't know. I'm going back and forth. >> My gut tells me nothing either. I think about it all the time. >> Both have their pros and cons. So, a lot of decisions, but first I think we just need to figure out the boat. >> And we got to go to the pool because Sierra has been talking about going swimming for like ever. Ever since I told her there's a pool at this marina. >> It is a really sweet marina. So, it's going to be >> comfort here. >> Anyway, we got lots to do. >> Okay. And you're first. All right. Well, it is the weekend and instead of taking leisurely time off, of course, I'm fixing some things on the boat, as you do. Um, this toilet's been sounding a little funny and uh I decided to take a look at it before it quit working and it's very strange. You can see that there's something dripping out the end of the motor. And so it's quite likely that the seal in here has gone bad, which lets water in there, which gets in the motor, which then ruins just about everything. So, uh, I'm going to get that off. At least I'm thankful that we're doing this before somebody went to the toilet and the bowl is full. >> Of course, it's the toilet. Oh. Oh god. I'm going to have to pump this stuff out of here. >> Oh jeez. >> It's been mixed around. It's like a ch It's like a soup. At least it's empty. I've flushed it out with fresh water. But I And I do have a spare motor and merator assembly. So I should just be able to pull that off, pop it on, and see what it looks like. Hopefully won't be too bad. Hey guys. >> Hi. >> Aren't you glad we caught the toilet before it got filled with something and then didn't work? That black stuff pouring out of it doesn't look like promising. >> God, look at that. >> The The second I started taking this bolt out, look at all this that's ripping out. >> I don't think that's poop, though. >> Really? What is it? >> Just like rust. >> You think it's rust? Okay. I choose to believe that as well. It doesn't smell like poop. >> And if it smelled like poop, I would be g again right now. >> As all of you guys know, Brian is not very good with smells. Get away. >> Oh god, it smells so bad. >> God, why? Yep, Cass called it. I have a weak stomach for smells. And you know what else I have weak stomach for? It's when random people that have no business contacting me clog up my inbox and my messages with a bunch of junk. Well, it turns out that there is an entire market out there where your personal information is bought and sold. They're called data brokers and they have your personal details, your shopping history from cookies, sometimes even private health information. They put this all together in a file and they sell it to the highest bidder. The good news is that you have the right to request that these companies remove you from their databases. The problem is that they are incredibly difficult to find and there are literally hundreds upon hundreds of them. So individually contacting each one can be a real nightmare. Which is why I'm happy to say that today's video is sponsored by Incogn. You sign up for Incogn and you give them permission to act on your behalf. Then you kick back and let Incogn do all the heavy lifting. They go out, they individually contact each one of these companies and they demand that your information is deleted from their lists. So, if you're getting tired of being crushed by spam and want to get your name off of all these junk databases and lists, it's super easy to get started. All you have to do is visit our link. It is incogn.com/svellos. I will pop it below and in the description. And when you use that link, not only does it help to support our channel, for which we are eternally grateful, but you'll also get a super good deal of 60% off an annual incogn plan, which is the one I personally chose because I wanted them to continue working on my behalf month after month after month. There is also a 30-day money back guarantee. So, it is very hard to go wrong. Once again, that link is incogn.com. And that's it. We really appreciate you taking the time to watch. And now let's get back to watching me repair the head and doing probably a lot of gagging. Okay, so that's off of there. There's some hair around there. And that's poop. God, I need to get a bucket. Well, while I'm in here doing this and have it disconnected, I decided to go ahead and replace the hose to the tank anyway because I did the front one in uh Riota. So, I know this one is getting pretty brittle. And in fact, when I pulled it off the toilet, there was a small pin hole underneath the hose clamp. So, uh it's starting to fail. And I do have Cass brought in new hose when she flew in. And so, might as well do it now while I've got it apart and saved me some time. um Speedus sanitary hose 25 millimeter and I just it's short runs right up there and at the same time I can go ahead and uh put some acid in all the fittings to make sure that all the calcium buildup is out and she should be good to go. I don't know if you can see that but I sliced my finger open pretty good. I'm getting the hose routed in now. So it's down to here now. Just had to make this hole a little bit bigger because this hose is slightly larger. It's not glorious, but it'll work. Hard working with this finger like this. I don't really want to use this hand. Just got to get it through this last hole, though. Wow, that is really hard. You really think you can go all day long? Yay. There it is. Okay. And this is the part I need to soak. You can see that calcium buildup in there. So, I'll soak that in muratic acid to get that out of there. There's also some buildup in there. So, I got to find a way to get rid of that. Maybe I'll hook a hose up to that, bend it, and then fill it from the top to get that one. Filled that cup up with the miratic acid. And then I just set it over that nozzle there. Start corroding all that stuff away. You can hear it working. Okay, I'll leave that for a while. I can finish working on this part. Now, once the sanitary hose was in place, I swapped in the new motor and tied it all together and crossed my fingers while hitting the magic button that makes stuff disappear. So, I just rotated it so that the drain hole is at the bottom instead of the side. So, if any water gets in there, it's supposed to drain out. Although, it doesn't seem to have helped the last one at all. Okay, moment of truth. Yeah. Okay. Well, I'll let it sit with some salt water for a while just to check for leaks before we use it. But I think we're in business. She's flushing good now. All right. Call that a day. Time for a beer. Being in a marina has its pros and cons. It's amazing to be able to walk right off the boat, but you can feel stuck at times and very restricted. But when I've got a job like this ahead of me, the chance to step onto land and get away from everything feels like a gift. And with an unlimited supply of water and power, the dock is the perfect place to take critical systems offline. But first, a quick escape to refresh, stretch my legs, see some friendly faces, and enjoy a cold drink. It's the perfect reset. Well, I'm back at it today. I finished the toilet up yesterday and uh I decided to start taking a look at the generator, which is a much bigger problem actually. Um I've noticed it's sounding a bit strange. It's running a bit rough. Uh and so I was going to check it when we got here anyway, but before I had a chance to even look at it, it threw an error code on the sail here from Tonga. And the error code that it threw was code 45 speed sense lost. And so I've been reading the manual. Um there's not a whole lot of information in the manual. It just says basically like see authorized own and representative which is probably the least possible helpful thing that I could have because we're we're here. Um so I opened up the case to troubleshoot and I found a bunch of metallic dust. So, there was some like little metal flakes. I already cleaned them up so you can't see them. And then I started inspecting back here. I got the case off. I got the drive belt off. So, this is or the the engine right here, the diesel engine. This is there's a serpentine belt. Here it is. Um, that goes in that this turns this, which is the generator. And look at this. Here's some of those metal flakes. Can you see them? You can see them sparkling right there maybe. and down there. And so then I touch this and look at that. That is that is not good. That shouldn't move like that. That's a problem. So that's probably where the weird vibration and noise is coming from. But I don't think that has anything to do with the code 45 speed sense lost error. From what I understand, the research I did online, it might actually be a problem with the generator set control, which is this circuit board right in there. Uh, anyway, it's not ideal because we are pretty dependent on the generator, especially when we're sailing. So, that's what I'm doing today, which is Sunday. Happy Sunday. Well, I went deep on the Google searches and I found a little bit more information. Um, apparently, so this is the the generator set controller. It's basically a circuit board that controls the operation of the generator. And um I'm apparently supposed to measure between J3 pin 7 and 8. I should get about 20 ohms. between J3 J33 and J36 I should get two to two and a half. And then I measure the same ones J37 and J33 to ground I should get infinity. So this is this is the J plug 1 2 3 4 5 6 and on the other side is 7 through 12. So I'm going to go ahead and take some measurements with the ohm meter and see if we can get somewhere. Okay, got some very janky wires plugged into J7 to J8 and I'm getting 895 kiloohms. So that's 895 ohms on that one. That one reading was 8 95. And now we got to go between three and six. Getting like four megga ohms on that. Like it's pretty much infinity. That's a very high reading. Well, this is just getting worse and worse and worse. And they're way, way, way off. I should get less than one ohm on one. And I'm getting like basically a fully open on the main coil. And so I decided, well, I'll take the whole thing apart and test it directly on the generator portion itself, like this part, to make sure it wasn't the wiring. >> Yeah. And then I tried to get this bonding strap off and I couldn't get the bolt out. And then I noticed that. >> Oh my god. >> The whole thing is cracked. >> That's the whole That's the whole housing that holds the generator to the motor. It's just cracked here. That's a crack. I was like, what the hell is going on right there? So no matter what I do, >> we still >> I mean that's that's definitely the cause of the weird noise that started. But >> yeah, I mean it's >> how can that the thing's got 2,700 hours on it >> and it just cracks in half. >> It cracked the the mount for the generator literally cracked in half. It doesn't matter what I do to fix it. Like you can't run it like that, right? It's just a time bomb. I mean, it's nine >> 8 years old. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> But it only has 27 hours. What a piece of >> Okay. >> I think I'm going to go to the pool and I'm going to have a beer. >> Most likely more than one. And probably a cheeseburger to raise my spirits. >> You want to join me? Wow. >> Oh my god. It's always something. That's I mean that's the whole generator, right? The whole generator is >> maybe I don't know. Maybe we can get it welded. >> It's toast. It's ridiculous. Beer. Beer burger pool. >> Some days you just hit rock bottom. You're used to fixing little things all the time, but when they pile up all at once and turn out to be way bigger than you expected, it's hard to stay positive. That's when I like to step away and take a break because a bad mood won't help the work and I'll probably end up even more frustrated and break something even worse than it already is. >> How was the burger, Brian? >> It's delicious. Look at those fingernails. >> I know. >> They're clean. >> A beer and a burger. Did it fix all your >> two beers? Two beers. >> Pain. >> So much better. >> So that much better now. How are you feeling, Bill? >> Better with the beer. >> Nice. >> 30. >> Yeah. So, I got the thing apart and uh I checked the resistance between two and the leads and I was expecting a very low value, like less than an ohm, and I was getting an open, like a very high resistance value, meaning there wasn't a good connection. And then I pulled this part out, and look at that. So, basically, there's like a little >> Is that plastic or is it metal? This is plastic, >> but the exciter >> runs around like this. >> Right. And then these, see these two brushes? They're supposed to sit on that excider. It has two basically metal things for these to connect to. And watch this one. So when you push that one in, it it's a spring, right? It's a brush. >> This one is like >> Yes. It's completely popped out. >> Melted and stuck. >> So I think this is why the generator actually was throwing that air code is because of this. But >> then it's also >> almost it almost doesn't matter because the thing is cracked in half. Like I have the whole case off now. Let me show you this. I also just looked up this part. They don't sell this part anymore. >> It just says out of stock on their website. >> It's $800 part. Anyway, so uh I mean it's just a freaking piece of not even a good anchor now. It's just I wonder if I can get that part welded. If I could take that plate off and take it somewhere to get welded and then find a way to finagle that together. >> Anyways, that took about 4 hours to get it apart. >> I don't know what else to do instead of turn off everything and just sail >> like old school style. >> No hot water, no fridge, no freezer. We can keep one fridge on probably. >> No water maker. No water maker. Don't just don't build them like they used to. Hey, Cass. >> It's frustrating when things don't last as long as they should. Nowadays, it feels like everything has an X-free date and the quality just isn't what it used to. Sadly, there's nothing I can do about that. So, I'll just have to keep going and see if I can make it work myself. >> Hi, Sierra. You're supposed to say hi, >> daddy. And I'm trying to film you and I don't want to say anything. >> Okay. Well, what am I doing? Why am I in here? >> You You say it. >> I'm working on the generator blah so that Sierra can have hot showers cuz I know how much she loves them. Look at this mess I have. Oh my gosh, it's so messed up, Sierra. It's really bad. So, what I do is I write one, one, and then I put a piece of tape on that wire so that when I put it together, I know where that wiring goes. Right. >> I can hold it. >> Oh, it's okay. It's okay. Good. So, I'm going to take this wire apart, right? And then I'm going to put a sticker on that one. And then I'm going to put a sticker on that one. Cuz look at all these wires. Otherwise, you would never know how they go back. Huh. Okay, watch this. Look at all these wires. >> Do you think this thing will ever work again? >> I think you're probably right. It's such a crappy thing. It took a while to pull everything apart and separate the generator from the electrical system, but I wasn't about to give up. At first, it felt discouraging, but once I got started, I found myself fully immersed in the challenge of bringing this machine back to life. Well, maybe with a bit of luck on my side. I guess it's day two of dis disassembly destruction. Uh, I've got this off the engine. So this is this bolts to the engine and then the generator part goes over here like that. You can just see how it just sheared off. Right. Basically what happened is over time the generator was just sitting on the motor mount. It wasn't really fastened and it wore a groove in that. And over time it went until it finally got a point where there was too much stress on that plate cuz nothing was supporting the front. Let me show you. Here's the generator part by the way. So, I've got to lift this out. >> Oh, wow. That's huge. >> That's what she said. >> It is huge and it's very heavy. >> Don't you dare. >> I got it onto the engine. I need Bill to help me get it out. So, over time, that's the motor mount. That's the groove that it wore in there. It wore that groove down and then the front of the generator eventually came down and then it was too much stress on the back and it cracked. This is the bracket supposed to sit kind of like that. And then the generator hooks onto this bracket, but these two bolts right here and here were not in there. So, this thing was just literally like sitting in that thing sawing back and forth. I later found the two bolts at the bottom of the generator drain pan. It turns out over a few years of operation, they had loosened and finally fallen out, which ended up causing this problem. This generator was purchased new, so most likely the bolts weren't torqued properly by whomever assembled it. And it took years for the problem to surface. So that's where I'm at. And I mean, look at the this is the state of the generator right now. So I have no idea if this thing is going to go back together. I mean, it will. Just want to chuck it in the ocean. Just kidding. Okay, nice. I think you did most of that, Bill. Yay. That looks like a hole there. >> This was like this and as the generator mount broke, it just settled down onto the flywheel which was spinning and it started. So that's what all this dust is from is this plastic was just >> So we need a new one of those too. >> I don't think we're getting new anything here. So if I can find a way to close this up. Okay, >> done. >> Every step seemed to get more complicated, but at least we had the generator out, and there was no turning back. Now, all I needed now was to pull both plates off and find a welder who could take on the job. >> What a crazy machine, huh? >> I don't think I'll ever have a generator again. I think it's better to go with like a like a DC DC gen set to charge batteries and then just have big inverters. It's just so much Before inverter technology improved, you really needed it. Now, now I think it's just >> it's an awful lot of weight to carry around in complexity, right? >> If you don't need it, another diesel engine. >> Okay. Well, now I got to clean everything up and then I'm going to take it into this guy I spoke to this morning that says he can weld up cast aluminum. I asked him a few questions and it sounds like he knows his So, that's the plan. >> Cool. Uh the first step is that we're going to give this a good clean down with the lime away. It's a lime and rust uh dimer. So this is what we normally use to clean down aluminum. So once this is nice and clean, then we'll uh take it to the next level. All right, take care. >> Hey Shane, how's it going? >> It's done. >> It's done. Amazing. >> Yeah. But don't any problem after we welded everything and we just heard a we heard a sound. We heard that sound. Oh no. It kind of cracked in one area. So we had a look and yeah there's a crack. >> Grind it down. Rewelded everything again and all of a sudden another tuck. >> It's playing with you. >> Now it's shittling in. You know what I mean? >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. If you ever find yourself at Nawi Island in Fiji, which we highly recommend because it's an amazing place and need anything welded or fabricated, just ask for Shane the welder. It's a small place, so people will know how to find them. >> How did it go? >> Look at that. >> Wa! I >> think you did a pretty good job. >> Most important thing is look down it. >> Yeah, that >> perfectly straight that way and that way. Okay. So, that's the trick. And I think he's built up enough weld. He only ground it down where there's a >> a flat surface. So, that's okay to leave. >> That bead's okay. So, yeah, we're I think you did a real nice job. I'm happy. >> So, what's the next? >> So, now I start putting stuff together. I've got a whole pile of generator parts here. >> Um everything's been cleaned and degased. So now, and I took a lot of time today. I didn't really film anything, but I had to put the rust converter on the bottom pan down there and repaint it cuz it was all rusty. >> Oh, okay. >> So, that's all done. And then the very So, this I'll put it all back together. And then I've got a new one of these on the way. >> Okay. Um, and the very last thing would be if I could just somehow >> somehow temporarily repair this brush enough to work the next couple of weeks until we can get this part. >> Oh, >> should we go up to the pool and have a beer or what? >> What? Who are you and what have you done with Sierra? >> She's actually mom right now. And I'm the kiddo. You're the kiddo, huh? >> Yep. You are the cutie. >> Cute. >> Well, with this amount of cuddles going on, it's time to say goodbye until next week for the generator drama keeps on rolling and we finally face the big decision we've been talking about. >> I feel a bit nervous saying it, but then it's like set in stone and we have to do it now. But I think it we decided. >> Will we find relief at the end? You just have to stick around to find out. What do you want to do now? >> What's happening, Daddy? >> Well, I just have been spending the whole Sunday in the engine room trying to fix this stupid generator so that we can leave the dock and go explore Fiji. Oh my god. Do you see how dirty I am? Look at me. I'm a mess. >> No. Dad. Dad. Dad. I'm I I'm okay getting dirty. I always getting dirty. >> Hi, Ka. Uh, why you're not cutting? >> I think we have to buy a new boat. >> I agree. We should build a new boat. Huh? Let's build one instead of buy one. Okay. >> Okay. Do it. >> Ah. Ah. Yes. Woohoo!

  Top Comments:
  1. @svdelos [7 likes]: Use code SVDELOS at the link below to get an exclusive 60% off an annual Incogni plan: https://incogni.com/svdelos
  2. @MrBigdaddysdaddy: That plate looks like Magnesium which is very dangerous to weld, but, a professional can do it.
  3. @MrBigdaddysdaddy: Brian, I have a terrible time with bad smells as well, and yes I get made fun of when I dri heave…
  4. @heinrichwesson: The bad smell compilation 😂
  5. @MrFirebird95: Run a rail fro from to back along the top of the cabin. You won’t regret it!
  6. @mrhyperbolic7455: 22:30 And no threadlock was used.
  7. @johnparker7945: Sierra still has that woohoo attitude!!
  8. @colleenbalch328: Just popping in here too to like and comment!
  9. @damoncarlos2796: Bill left and now he’s back with no explanation 🤷‍♂️
  10. @dspivak1000: Sierra is just the cutest little ham!
  11. @ianscott3180: Ah, the joy of marine toilets. The old valve and hand pump were the best when an outlet hose was blocked and someone kept trying to pump! Whoosh, talk about getting shit faced. 🤣
  12. @chrisfossum1499: Beer + Burger + pool = happiness.
  13. @notj5712: Getting that much calcium buildup, try flushing twice instead of once.  Need less urine hanging out to interact with the salt water.  You've gotten the urine out of the bowl, but not out of the boat, it's sitting in the line.
  14. @shankstn: Brian is the most patient man alive. 😀
  15. @HUNZY-qo3cv: Break
Out
Another
Thousand
  16. @Greggspies: Sad to hear about your clogged box
  17. @TrevorSmith-z7q: Gotta cut out the grains to live long and prosper.    Dr Mercola's No-Grain Diet (book).
  18. @jimdeveau4025: Nugget is starting to look so much like mom.
  19. @bud1971: I remember when you got the generator.  Cummins if I remember correctly.
  20. @alwaysoperating5192: 😂 I'm pretty sure that Brian set a record for the most "fucks" in one episode! 😂

- Gennakers, Generators, & General Frustrations [Ep 4]: Kind: captions Language: en yeah this is just a jur so it's a bigger Gena and it's a asymmetrical so it's it's a combination of a Spiner and a Jer but it works just like it like this we decided to finish up our last few days of sailing lessons and head down the Florida coast to biscane Bay Winds were light so Keith decided to put up Jer to gain some speed [Music] we had to run the lines twice because when we started hauling it out the line got tied up in the drum this was the first time we put this sail up so everyone took part this thing is almost twice the size of the jib and it really is beautiful hey Anna hi what's your eing the Kate Finn what are y'all doing B B I'm Julie Bond James Bond's sister Julie Bond so we just got to biscane Bay and the generator goes out just another wonderful day of boat ownership I was even at Fisher panta today except this and I've got impellers but I don't have an extra belt to the generator only one thing about staying close to American soil is that parts are easy to find without AC the cabin got hot quick so we pulled into noname Harbor for a cool off and a bite to eat yeah it's a little warm yeah it's awfully quiet the kids are sleeping outside on the deck yeah cuz it's cooler out there now I've got a guy who's going to bring me a belt by 11: 11:30 sweet so it is so hot in here but it's quiet so that makes it kind of peaceful mhm I going to enjoy this really is that true I do you enjoy fixing things it doesn't bother me what bothers me is when I don't have the parts to fix it yeah so by lunchtime we have the belt and Keith commenced to changing it good however soon after we left biscane Bay the generator failed again another problem now fault exhaust so we got into the hood of the engine and determined that the raw water filter had a crack in it so air was seeping in and not allowing the sea water to cool the generator exhaust he already had this part on order unfortunately it just hadn't come in yet we decided later that we would give the generator a rest while under sale and only use it at qut he tried a couple of different fixes but finally was able to seal the crack with my crafty glue gun on it's 82 right now but it is dropping so with the AC working again we had a nice Cruise back to Fort Lauderdale we had the old 60 W solar panels removed and new 340 W solar panels installed for a total of 680 watts of solar power why so much wattage you ask because Keith has a preference for doing things big any R you can never have too much solar power so now we have plenty of power to keep the batteries charged and our critical systems going without the generator we also purchased a Bower Junior scuba compressor so we can refill or scuba tanks whenever we want we didn't go for big this time we went for the junior it's a manual machine so you have to drain the moisture and oil after every refill which is not a big deal but the next one up was automatic and also $110,000 more we'll have the tanks mounted on the perimeter railings of the boat later for convenient access but for now they're going to go right here in our scuba Locker so this is our family and we live on sailboat we got rid of the rest of the kids we killed all the others the boats are rocking don't come and knocking seems to be knocking we've been living on the boat for a few weeks now and we really haven't gone anywhere exciting we're waiting to get everything fixed we have a joiner we have another Joiner oh my gosh hi very we have uh been sitting on the boat here we sell we did our selling that was that was kind of fun that was fun but the the dream of getting out there and getting on the blue water has been hard it's it's fading I can't see it anymore the light is dimming my life is growing dark sitting at the dock in Fort Lauderdale this place is very liberal a lot of vagrancy a lot of people down on their luck here it's very very very very tough to very tough to see it's very tough to bring your family around this place we've spent all the money we could possibly spend and then we doubled that and spent some more it's very frustrating the children the CH you know my kids they don't know what it's going to be like what they're seeing so far they don't like uh they don't uh they're not excited about any of this because so far here in Fort Lauderdale it has not been fun for them we're cramped on a boat every day we got guys working on the boat uh so everything's coming together next week everything should be put on done finished next week and hopefully we can can get out of port and we can go somewhere despite the frustrations we continued on we had the old boat name removed and our new name applied on the transom and both sides of the bow and we also named the dinghy to match but Keith just read something that said don't do this to your dinghy because basically when it's on Shore your dinghy is an advertisement that no one is out on your big boat so we may take these off but she is now officially zata join us next time as we get the washer installed and our kids share their love of sailing uh do you like sailing no okay do you like sailing is it exciting sailing or is it scary it's boring really

  Top Comments:
  1. @shawncosmos5431 [6 likes]: Binge started today. Second binge I think…I never get tired of these good people!!!!
  2. @zr.199 [3 likes]: Im watching from the beginning, i’ll become a zatara fan like OFFICIALLY 🤞🏼🤞🏼
  3. @MrJking065 [2 likes]: Bless their hearts! The kids are pretty much the same today as back than. I have not heard about Anna before I do not think. She looks like she really wanted to be sailing.
  4. @DavidMcRaney-r1y [2 likes]: What does liberal have to do with vagrants?
  5. @Buenas_Vistas [2 likes]: Tell Anna: After rewatching this. You were always a natural at sailing and boat life. Maybe you're just the kind of person that is always good at things, but TBH it seemed like you were never willing to explore a lifestyle (probably because your parents pushed it on you and I get that), but I saw you flourish and become a genuinely competent sailor and traveler. I can't shake the feeling that as much as you like the city life, with age you will want to be back out on the water sailing with your family, exploring new places, and you're good at it. Watching this seems like you were so caught up making sure you weren't your parents that you walked away from a dream just to make your point.
  6. @yeah4me2 [1 likes]: Binge watching from the beginning...May 2024
  7. @iamtanyamarie [1 likes]: I just finished binging from the Maldives to Ibiza w/ Glory and Jadyn as new crew. Devastated that I have to wait for new episodes, Im starting at episode 1…. But pleaseeeee tellll me you guys did a boat renaming ceremony or followed the protocol to keep the sea gods happy 😮 😮⚓️
  8. @johnwilliams1091: I miss Anna. Hope she is doing well.
  9. @steelhaulingdc3604: Support comment
  10. @ljsdDSjhqwr2: Was watching episodes kind of mismatched from the latest video. Now i am starting from the beginning. I have lived on 2 boats for a couple of years and loved it. I am looking forward to going back. 

Amazing to see how far you've come from these first episodes. Hope all is well with you guys!
  11. @UncleRicoOSU: Somebody please pray for these rich white folk, trapped on their half a million dollar boat and surrounded by the vagrants of Ft Lauderdale. Good lord 🤦🏼‍♂️
  12. @tiffanyspengler9166: 2nd binge here lol
  13. @tomdimartino7361: Hopefully you got your money in the stock market it's done nothing but break records time and time again under Joe Biden I started out with $300,000 in my retirement account when Joe took office now I got $750,000 without putting a penny in there
  14. @tomdimartino7361: Also go watch Joe Biden State of the Union address a few months ago you will be shocked about how good it was Sean hannity blames it on Joe having a energy drink. Will go watch the Howard Stern interview that he just had with Joe Biden
  15. @tomdimartino7361: I know that this is an old episode maybe you're thinking has changed but you made the comment about fort Lauderdale being a shit hole or to that effect and then you use the word liberal connecting it to shity things down there 0 I see the exact opposite I see I see conservatism as being the cause of of shity places ppl I'm from Buffalo New York and had been down to fort Lauderdale about 5 or 6 times in the last 3 years we go down there to the casino the hard Rock casino and then leave on a lot of our cruises out of fort Lauderdale I also spend time in Tampa a few years ago at the hard Rock casino over there and we as we were driving around I could not believe the amount of pawn shops in the state of Florida I see it being run by Republican governor and that is probably the reason there's so many pawn shops and so many people are broke down there right now we have an amazing president who has turned things around in this country after being left with junk by Donald Trump but you're not going to learn that if you're watching conservative TV which does nothing but lie to you Keith you can't be that dumb wake up a little bit and do your fact checking don't be lazy do the fact checking!!!!
  16. @sugar.spun.sister: Now that you have sailed the world do you have a more opened mind about cultures, money, poverty, customs etc>
  17. @liztinsley1993: Your videos are awesome. But if I can add a suggestion for you guys, I’m gonna do it. It’s a little hard to hear everything that you guys are doing with the music. No offense.
Other than that its a 😊😊good group of videos
  18. @jaysoncody8716: Go Big or Go Home ! 🤑
  19. @tominmtnvw: Hamas is responsible for what is to come in Gaza.
  20. @davidallyn1818: Belt $80 - delivery to marina ... priceless :b

- Ep 87: POWER on a Narrowboat! How I use my engine, Bluetti solar, and stove to for Cost Of Living!: Kind: captions Language: en foreign welcome to another episode of Maggie [Music] today I'm going to be talking to you about power on Maggie and how on Earth do I Power a 1920s boat behind me is Maggie's 1960s Armstrong sidley two-cylinder engine and she is a Powerhouse I use my engine to charge my batteries I have three batteries and this boat runs on diesel day to day if you're a continuous Cruiser you'll be wanting to charge your batteries on a daily basis the rule is to charge it between 8 00 am in the morning and 8 p.m at night with my setup on Maggie I charge her for about anything between 30 minutes and an hour per day to make sure my batteries are topped up and healthy this also enables me to use Plug Power via switching on the inverter now I'm not sure what other setup boats have but I can only use power via plug sockets once I switch on my inverter this can have a massive drain on the battery and it's not something that I like to do too often so I look at alternative ways I'm powering my daily Electronics you're going to see me switch on now hello cold hands come on max at the moment I rely on battery power on Maggie unfortunately at the moment they are half damaged due to changing a fan belt and leaving them to go dead for a few days because I couldn't change the fan belt but all as well to combat this I have my fridge Switched Off and I rarely run my inverter what do I usually need to power living and working on Maggie means that I need access to my laptop most of the time I very rarely use any plug power on the boat to use Plug Power I have to switch on the inverter this does unfortunately drain the batteries quite quickly meaning I have to then switch on the engine to recharge the batteries until I can afford lovely solar panels and lithium batteries that is a dream I rely on something else to power my laptop there is it the people at Power Oak gave me this lovely blue tea power box it is a portable battery that you charge up via solar power or you can plug it in to where you can plug it in I usually only plug this in when I'm charging my engine and I've been doing that pretty much every day it usually gets the juice up to about 25 each time and it does the job now I've had this for the past few months I've had it since August the lovely people at Power Oak asked me to give an honest review on this little bad boy and I don't like to do something straight away I want to see how it's gonna you know sink into my day-to-day life and I will say I wouldn't have been able to edit any videos or power anything or charge my phones without this bad boy I want to be honest with you it's absolutely up to you whether you look into this me myself it's been completely reliable it's been absolutely completely reliable I charged my camera on this I charge my phones on this and I charge my laptop my laptop is an absolute energy guzzler it's five years old now and this has always been able to give it power ick also gave me a solar panel to use with this what I do is I pop it on the roof I plug in the solar panel and then I'm going to come back to my boat when the sun's down I'll bring it back in size and I use it like that and it's it's pretty effective also has a cigarette lighter charge so you can plug it into your car so if you're going to and through whatever shopping go and see your mates down south or whatever just plug it in and your car will charge it in terms of design I like it because it's blue also has a wireless charging output here 15 watts and I like that the top is flat so I can pop stuff on it and it's out of the way it's really easy to store away it's never really been in my way and pretty useful for me to take wherever I go if I decide to go on a camping trip if I decide to go down south anywhere or north or any location Elizabeth I know that I can take this with me and I have guaranteed power wherever I go it's worth looking into if you're interested I'm going to drop a link below so you can see more for yourself some other things to do is I get my blue tea box my power bank my power out thank you very much and I'll pop it up here and you can see how much I use it because it covered in bloody leaves it's there's four panels in there so it's pretty powerful I'll probably say it's really effective for charging quickly too but that's plugged into charge and I'm going to leave it and then come back to it tomorrow I'm trying to save gas as price has been rising so I've been mostly cooking above my stove I've got my veggies below and some chicken and then I'm boiling some pasta at the top and I just crack on obviously it's slower than it would just on the Hub but this has cost me nothing apart from the coal that I've been put into the fire I can get a bag of 10 kilos of coal for eight pounds unfortunately it only lasts me three days the wood is sourced from my lovely dad and my brother-in-law and my dad chops up for me so I'm very lucky I've got someone to do that and help yeah see what we got to also keep warm I've got a hot water bottle strapped around my waist as it is incredibly cold right now and heating up this boat 70 foot is no small fee so this fire is going consistently all day every day else I don't think this place would be very habitable we've got chicken onions some pepperoni and some courgette in here with some butter milk water and a stock Cube I'm very excited put this in with my pasta but I really enjoy living like this it makes me really appreciate what people did before May over the generations gone by and I really feel like I'm being self-sufficient I've got my fire on I've got my little fan going to distribute the heat to the rest of the boat I've got my little soda box that I can get power on the roof I mean yes the sunlight has been a bit weak in winter so I have just been plugging in once I charge my boat but apart from that I really can't complain the next thing I'd like to do is you can get these water heaters from decathlon and they fit around your flu and I think they can carry up to 20 liters of water so if I want hot water I have to switch on my gas and that heats up 50 liters of water in a separate holding tank however it takes a while to do it takes up to like 40 minutes or an hour to heat up the water and it uses a lot of gas and as I'm trying really hard to be mindful of how much I spend on the water getting new gas bottles isn't really an option for me so with that in place if I had a water heater around there so I could have instant hot water for wash my dishes or I don't know washing my hair that would be really good I bought this boat to have a different level of living than what I did on Leviathan and I have found that even though it's much bigger space and much more comfortable I've probably gone backwards in the sense that I'm I'm doing all this stuff but the things that make life comfortable like switching on the gas whenever I want for a shower cooking on the Hub having the fridge switched on all those are luxuries that I can't really do at the moment I'm trying very hard to make things last as long as I can because this year's been hard for everyone and spending a lot of money on improvements isn't really the position that I'm in but next year that is when some improvements would take place it's like I've got radiators on this boat I can switch on the gas and heat would flood the boat but it uses so much gas and I don't want to have to keep buying an expensive bottle but like oh there's 60 70 quid now so if I can make dough then I will what's the saying take care of the pennies and the pounds to take care of themselves but this is what this experience was all about to live a bit more rugged it wasn't on purpose but I do find myself feel like I'm slipping more and more into the 1920s being on this 1920s boat as I was walking along the Towpath I had a giant bag of logs on my back and I think I was bent in two and I had my hood up and it was dark and her car stopped as I was walking over the bridge and I don't know what they must have thought I don't know if they thought like I was an old woman or a ghost but they were very hesitant in their driving past but I just thought as I had that weight on my back this is no different from what they did but then they would have done this they would have carried heavy loads they would have felt and looked like me Pretty Dirty and I'm just really grateful I'm grateful that I've got that fortitude to not put up with this because they lived in a such a small space in the back cabin in the boat's cabin and I've got all of this lovely house space and I do have electricity I feel close that's good enough for me well about two hours later dinner is served not bad all in all I enjoy problem solving and despite the challenges that come my way I'm definitely here for the journey

  Top Comments:
  1. @juliancurtis4071 [1 likes]: The dance moves while Maggie gets her wiggle on.... epic :)
  2. @robw7676: Just found this channel, went looking for the "and my engine is a..." video immediately, hoping the answer was the 60s one.

Corr, what a piece of kit that is - too cool!
  3. @otamot7216: Do you know if you can charge up the boats leisure batteries. Mine keep going under 11.7. have bluetti generator and an adapter to plug into shore line sockets
  4. @markgilbey1742: Brilliant liz I think I love you
  5. @Newdelhinewbelly: You are 1 very funny lady😂😂
  6. @lowellirish: Hell no. No heavy loads for me anymore! Im getting an electric bike and a cart for me an 100 lb labrottweiller Amy! Plus, I need to transport my instruments...lmao...shit. Ill need a car, right? Damnnnn...Uber? Busses? Trains? How about the dogs in pubs and venues ? Can I perform at Festivals? Theres a lot right?
  7. @lowellirish: Re: Hot Water Heater- 
Wrap copper pipe AROUND flue. (Only if and where flue is hottest.)
Feed copper pipe into elevated 5 gallon aluminum foodsafe- metal, covered tub. The copper coils will draw the water FROM the rub, around through the coils, and present you with hot water as needed...Yankee Ingenuity! 😅😉
You'll need a pressure release valve, and a petcock...Yes, I said it. PET COCK! 🤣 To release the pent up pressure...you cheeky monkey!! 🤣🤣
  8. @lowellirish: Hun- you need to be more wood dependent. Start your fire, then add 4 or 5 coal ...keep adding a 3-1 mixture. wood to coal. Buyba hand held saw. Amazon $109.   Electic. Charge on the Jackery. Its a mini chainsaw. 

Also, get yourself a sponsor! ;)
  9. @danhall8948: I'm in love with your dog awesome
  10. @danhall8948: Your awesome a great start but only a start , smart , cute , got all kinds of skills
  11. @danhall8948: Start a go fund I would love to help
  12. @Zanderwizard: Fantastic ....best way to live
  13. @zulustu8214: Thanks
  14. @pope1089: Your on a soul journey. I wonder what the connection is to the water
  15. @pope1089: Could you connect the old range up to your rads and hot water, back boiler. Could cook on it too. No gas. I'm no expert but I'd say that could be done. Thanks for the tour really interesting
  16. @pope1089: I'd be bringing wood from the woods home all the time. Probably smokeless fuel laws
  17. @suehall3298: Brilliant video 💐☕🍰
Love Sue❤❤❤🇬🇧❤❤❤
  18. @cnobillbradley9673: Ooh a 2 cylinder diesel dirvish dancer. Bravo
  19. @margaretknight8690: I like the way you let us see your narrow boat life, warts and all. Admire the way you embrace the challenges and find the fun in your situation. I’m enjoying watching your journey.
  20. @geordiejones2: Not sure if this lady is a full Shilling.

- CHAOS, Cooking & Customs! BOAT LIFE in The Bahamas.. | Log 29: Kind: captions Language: en there are three people&nbsp; hanging from that helicopter to be told that we have to&nbsp; go to the customs office i'm Paige and this is Ed together&nbsp; we share a dream of living with less&nbsp;&nbsp; and experiencing more in 2020 we decided&nbsp; to leave our landlocked life behind and&nbsp;&nbsp; move aboard our sailboat sea pearl so far we've&nbsp; found that living slowly and being self-reliant&nbsp;&nbsp; was just what our hearts were searching&nbsp; for we've already been on some pretty&nbsp;&nbsp; amazing adventures and we can't wait to&nbsp; see what the future has in store for us.&nbsp;&nbsp; there's a regatta happening this week&nbsp; in Georgetown. they've been doing it for&nbsp;&nbsp; 60 years or something, a long time. i think it's&nbsp; just the smaller boats this time yeah it's not&nbsp;&nbsp; as big as it usually is because of everything&nbsp; else, but we're gonna go check it out over there&nbsp;&nbsp; and hopefully not get rained on.&nbsp; there's a good chance we will. oh&nbsp;&nbsp; no! Gwen just got destroyed! good thing we made it here nice and dry why'd you anchor so far away?? we're going to do a uh 3 tow dinghy ride&nbsp; let me try that again we're going to tow our three&nbsp; dinghies back to the other side of the anchorage there are three people hanging from that we went the wrong way trying to find&nbsp; immigration office to extend our&nbsp;&nbsp; cruising permit we already&nbsp; got approved on our visas so so we finally found the immigration&nbsp; office after passing it once&nbsp;&nbsp; yep um to be told that we have to go to the&nbsp; customs office which is literally where we started all you can do is laugh right and we've done our visa extension.. go&nbsp; down to the next window? thank you so this is paige celebrating&nbsp; getting our visa extension.&nbsp;&nbsp; doing laundry! and i'm celebrating with the&nbsp;&nbsp; well this stuff we've had since the wedding yeah&nbsp; and some leftover pineapple stuff that's taking up&nbsp;&nbsp; room in the fridge. happy bahamas extension!&nbsp; yeah to not worrying about being kicked out let's party oh goodness! it's been wanting&nbsp; to be open for a while.&nbsp;&nbsp; look at that fun fun cup the liquor store just&nbsp; gave us this cup and it is plastic thankfully,&nbsp;&nbsp; but i have a wine type glass with a stem now i guess my love is for the ocean just a lot of lights a lot of mast lights&nbsp; but i don't think as many as normal for&nbsp;&nbsp; georgetown this is usually much busier everybody&nbsp; i think has already started to head back north what's happening here i'm catching up on instagram&nbsp; feeds and drinking some wine what is my hair doing? I'm not worried about your hair,&nbsp; I'm worried about what you're doing

  Top Comments:
  1. @francistheriault5622: Great to see that you were able to get an extension on your visa ;) Lucky you...

The volleyball game didn't seem as existing as the game we played with you guys ;)

Back in Canada in cold weather. already planning. our next trip ;)

Francis, Melissa and the kids...
  2. @claudialemert7747: Never had the chance to congratulate you two on your wedding. Congratulations. Looks like your living your life to the fullest. Love it and keep sharing.

- BOAT LIFE: Hunting Fish for the Family. BAHAMA HOGFISH!: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Riley just showed me your body you have some fish there's ago there's nothing out here apart from Atlantic Ocean so this water here is just crystal clear absolutely I'm gonna find a depth that I feel comfortable with because I'm by myself I'm gonna rig up an anchor which I can quickly pull a line on the drop if I see either good bottom or an actual fish hoping for a hot fish I've got to feed the family Elena Elena glad and clear brows yeah I did actually alright cope well Lenny's just a sleep so I should probably help off the radio I'm gonna wake him up alright cool oh they all pay home same at what fish did you get Josie well I can't say I'm too surprised to tell you the truth without fail with this boy how'd you get it hi you're out for a while yeah I knew it was gonna be big I could see when I was looking down from the surface and I was like oh this is fairly deep and that still looks big all right it's gonna be a danke after I got this guy this loggerhead turtle was just coming straight at me do you remember how we saw the ball servicing out here like my eating seasonally it just came straight up at me and I had to tackle it with the spear really they got a baked on it that can buy the lobster in half I'm not gonna let it kiss me what do you think Lenny not fish beginning you it looks the same size Riley just showed me he's bought it if you like the roost so bad yeah but why was hammering it it's too rough out there for me to be in that tender you don't know that to you around the point anyway I was hammering it over big waves and like bouncing I'm saying it feels like it would be daddy's crazy Lenny is crazy you want to I run you but he's not even allowed okay yeah what happened there's a big lemon or nurse shark cruising around eating the carcass of fish and you see money can you see it there's some beautiful storm clouds rolling past I just love the like light blue water in contrast with those dark clouds that just looks so cool hello my cutie you just had a shower Lenny something I got some astonishing salad yes please can we do that nice arms what do you call it when you rinse it in something marinate no no what do you think that you have some hogfish that's a great pass hahaha do the hogfish so I'm marinating the hogfish in the bag we put it in I just squeezed half an orange half a lime I kind of free poured the olive oil free poured the soy sauce sprinkle of cumin and some coconut sugar to sweeten so this is a sweet and sour recipe go to work so I haven't tried it yet but I was inspired by a friend of ours who marinated theirs in citrus fruits and it was amazing so I returned that was never true while Elaine is cooking some food up there I wanted to have a little chat about the fish and the whole thing and how I did it what I was doing so I went out and I went around there by myself you shouldn't really die by yourself but there is just a liner and I and now with Lennie a the go by myself or I don't go at all so either anchor down with a quick release knot so I could quickly drop it I was going along and looking for ground in about 20 meters I guess certainly not much deeper than that one I'm by myself what was happening was I was drifting over just a desert so I jumped back in burned off would poke my head in and have a look around and just look for little fish that are around bits of reef that are isolated so sort of like Oasis Oasis once I found ground that looked fairly inviting then I would either tread water or drop the anchor and definitely if I saw a big fish so when I saw the hog fish I dropped the anchor and I went over and swim above on top of it it was pretty rough so I was having to do a decent breather on my way over to week before I went down hog fish aren't really very difficult to spear they just sort of sit there they're not a black broker or like a dog snack or something like that they'll just sort of sit there you go down and you can generally speaking you can spear in it it's finding it is the more difficult part that there is quite a few of them here in the Bahamas there's nothing more tastier than a nice big hog like that a lot that is just ah absolutely delicious very happy - in the morning go I'm gonna go off quite a hog fish the Bahamas is such a great spot and stuff like that I'm looking forward to one day when when you can come with me your life is happening in the shallow depth field right here it's what you see it's delicious it's my favorite fish hogfish I'm amazing me so nice and white just fresh I love how pretty the fish are too and I love their personalities like they're real chill whereas a grouper I don't like eating dirt because they're like really stubborn the main I don't want to eat them many still asleep yeah is he gonna sleep tonight then he should do yeah well thank you for providing general they did the cooking we just love each other so much what would have happened if you didn't get a fish today this vlog would have never happened tables I know Hey oh my god I loved him when he first wakes up he like you three introduced to the world again well guys thanks for tuning in if you need your be sure to subscribe we put out videos every Monday sometimes Friday like this one to it you go to kitty Oh your liberation and the spirit of this channel

  Top Comments:
  1. @OzkAltBldgCo: Macaroni beef and tomatoes salt and pepper. Everyday
  2. @walterhunter4011: Lenny is so cute !
  3. @delh1415: Lenny, just like me when I wake up 🥺😢
  4. @nate1933: I really live vicariously through you guys
  5. @BamaScarface: If you poured the marinade out of the bag the fish was in.....I hope not
  6. @bloomsums: Rich, rich, rich..you guys, your life..so good, thank you , thank you, God watch over you both and the kiddies, always..Such service you give, a mission for sure, God bless God bless. TY
  7. @deborahhoffer2745: Live in Nassau my fav
  8. @donthomas8724: This is one of my favorites. So sexy, just being mom and dad, and enjoying the world that they have made for each other.
  9. @sienna5183: It was the turtle for me
  10. @darleneermis4903: He sure loves his mom❤️
  11. @Nirak205: The coolest People on Earth 🤘♥️
  12. @rangusedcarterman9082: what kind of spear gun is that bro?
  13. @shelleywatson6228: 💋❤
  14. @00708046: Pass the salt ....  please
Pass the pepper  ....  please
Pass the baby ...  thanks !
  15. @same.5564: 😍
  16. @Satishtravelpro: All time wearing diapers to baby is not good ...
  17. @shaenj: I love that kid...a real grin factory!
  18. @CatArk_Top: their lifestyle is so beautiful
  19. @lars_vs: I have always been told that being out on the water when there's lightning is extremely dangerous, yet you guys seem to not mind very much. How come?
  20. @apolinarbawag2963: Amazing family..keep safe and God bless..

- A Side of Bahamas The Media Won’t Show You!: Kind: captions Language: en [Applause] this place is super beautiful man the Bahamas is home to some of the richest Hollywood celebrities in the world including Oprah Beyonce and Jay-Z Tiger Woods and Eddie Murphy who owns an island that cost over $5 million I've always wondered what it must be like to visit the Bahamas and why it was so freaking expensive with some hotels costing as much as $225,000 a night 25,000 a night at the Michael Jackson Street wow since I got my new passport and can now explore the Caribbean I wanted to realize my dream of having a Bohemian vacation I always look forward to seeing the beautiful the expensive private jets of wealthy celebrities and the famous Peaks that swim in the clearest of waters which I hope to see at the end of this video the only problem I had was the cost why is the Bahama so expensive it felt so expensive and Out Of Reach for a regular person like me even with his Healy price tack there's hardly any place in the world that is as beautiful as the Bahamas and I order to make this trip happen while making it as affordable as possible so I set a budget of $1,000 which I would try not to go [Music] over I started my journey from Portugal which is over 26 hours away if you travel by air and I arrived at the lyen pindling International Airport oo that's me what's up bro how you doing okay nice to meet you nice to meet you thank you I would like to give you a souvenir oh really so this is our local dollar oh wow $1 bill oh wow guy on it he's our first lack leader in the country what's his name so Lon Finland he aort his nebor after him on arrival in nasau Bahamas the first thing I noticed was how hot it was and it reminded me of Lagos Nigeria I think the temperature will probably be maybe around 20 something de C at the moment but it's kind of like similar to Miami weather which is where I was coming from nasau is the capital and the biggest city in Bahamas housing over 70% of the nation's population and it serves as the H for most of the nation's economic and administrative activities first industry is actually tourism that's why we take that with a lot of passion take that serious and then we also got second we got Banking and financing third is fisheries because we got the second largest Reef Barry in the world oh wow the only place that has more fishes than the Bahamas is Australia now the meaning of Bahamas is Bama a Spanish word meaning still clear shallow Waters the word Bahamas deriv from a lucayan word Bahama meaning upper inner mainlands the Bahamas is a country in the Atlantic Ocean and it comprises of over 700 Tropical Islands New Providence is one of the biggest islands in the Bahamas and it is where nasau the capital is located getting to the bamas is pretty straightforward and you can arrive by boats or plane but staying there that's where it gets tricky and pricey so I just got into my hotel now I'm currently staying at Holiday In in Nassau and this is one of the most expensive hotel rooms I've ever had to pay for one night is almost $300 I think it was $290 something it's just a normal basic hotel that would have been like $80 somewhere else but that's just gives you an idea of how everything is expensive in nasau I guess this is why they call it the playground of the reach for to come here you need to have a lot of money let me give you guys a quick talk this toilet here definitely and then we move right into the room oh sorry there's a walk area here I'm probably going to be editing videos here but then this is the room it's it's it's a good sizable room but $300 from my research a family of four can expect to spend around $630 daily so for a week you're looking at about $55,500 once you factor in flights getting around M phone activities and a few as for somebody traveling solo like me I would need between $2,000 to $2,500 after some time in my hotel room I wanted to see the city so I searched online for a tour guide and it cost up to $500 to get one which was half of my non-existent budget so I decided to take a walk and see some parts of the city for myself I was just walking on the streets of Bahamas downtown and he said he watches my videos I didn't know they watch my videos in the Bahamas popular here oh really why is the Bahama so expensive I'm flying to Jamaica tomorrow and I realized the ticket was $400 for 1 hour let's look at it this way right the fuel has to be imported there's an import Duty on the fuel and then this how these countries make their money right there's no corporate tax there's no income taxes so the governments have to make money somehow money somehow and tourism is really the bread and butter right I think we have like 8 million tourist this year 8 million tourist I think it's closer by 8 million yeah wow the Caribbean strategic location has made it a prime destination for cruise tourism significantly benefiting the Bahamas behind me is a cruise ship just leaving the dock and heading out into the sea you can't understand how big the size of this SC ships are so you like zoom in and then see the skill for yourself so most of people who are coming on all the cruise ships that come into nasau every day which is like three to four Co ships and they stop by here to come out buy you know gifts souvenirs and jewelry so you can see a lot of shops like Rolex Diamond shop so it's a very good place to come and Shop but you need to have a lot of money if you're coming here because most of the stops that are on the stores are super expensive where did you guys come from yeah we came from Florida miamii how was the cool experience was really nice I need to try that out you you should and averagely can you just give me an idea of how much it cost for a Cru three nights maybe around 335 3,500 $500 like the accommodation is there they have activ way more 10 over 10 100% the interesting thing about the Bas though is that once all the cruise ships leave at 5:00 everywhere becomes a ghost town as you can see there are very few cars on the road another interesting thing about the Bahamas too is that they love fast food it's closest Caribbean islands America it's super super Western High so almost all the e is there you can see McDonald's here you can see Dunkin Donuts and behind me here this is the British colonial it's one of the biggest hotels if not the biggest hotel in nasau the cruise industry alone is responsible for an estimated 60% of the Bahama's GDP and employs roughly half of the local Workforce not far from there I walk to the queen staircase carved out of solid Limestone by enslaved people in the late 18th century climbing the 66 steps gave me a proper view of the physical beauty of the surrounding area at the top right here is a fort that was built so many years ago and it's a place where obviously they use it to guard against the city oh that's Atlantis there oh wow is the most expensive or the most popular Hotel here the largest Resort in the in the Caribbean how expensive is it to stay there for a night oh man on a slow night you might you might find rates for like 600 up to like 800 bucks from 6 to like 800 bucks night damn and that's like basic like Coral Towers or Royal Towers not even the Cove or the reef the city of nasau is surrounded by so many beaches and everywhere I walk you can see the pristine colors of the ocean and I sometimes wondered if what I was seeing around me was really real so guys being in the Bahamas has been super expensive and one of the ways I'm able to constantly make videos and support this channel is by working with Brands I believe in and today I would like to thank the sponsor of this video Better Health I always support of therapy because we live in a culture where men are always made to feel like they have to be strong so even if they going through stuff people just expect that they should just always deal with it better help is a service that makes therapy more accessible by connecting you with a network of over 10,000 professionals this licensed therapist give you treatment done securely over the Internet one of the best parts about better help is that if you don't like the therapist that they give to you you can easily easily switch to a new one at no cost to you better help also allows you connect to a therapist on the goal thereby giving you a timely response and helping you figure out whatever it is that you're going through so I'm a giant fan of better help and I appreciate them sponsoring these videos and today they're giving you guys a 10% discount on your first month if you do decide to try out their service there's a link in the description and clicking that link help support this Channel and helps you get started on what might be a life-changing Journey for you so thank you better H for sponsoring this video and making my Bahama strip more affordable now guys let's jump right back into the video so guys I'm headed to the fish fire right now and I want to go try out some local Bohemian dishes any country I go to I always need to try out the food cuz you know that's where you get the the real the real Vibe of the country from the food it's very important all roads led to the nasau Fish Fire which was the perfect spot to try out the local bohemian ises what kind of foods do you guys have here you got the fish shrimp conk Lobster group of fried planting baked macaroni J chicken a little bit of everything big mama in the kitchen 40 years in the business this is called the big yard man when you come here make sure your belly empty you heard me just the fish Ry Bahamas oh nice the first food I tried out was the conk which was the most popular dish year the food is here so this is conk this is Klo this is rice and this is plantain kind of like plantain we have in Africa con this dish was very spicy thanks to the addition of local pepper guys I'm about to try Sky juice for the very first time it's a mixture of rum coconut water and milk so anytime you order a conk you sure it's fresh out the water this is how we do it fresh every day now watch how you sticking little knife get your little knife and there go your C fresh nice and fresh and this is that famous blue pill in in in America this is our blue pill all right this you this make you go all night and all day wow I can't eat too much cuz I have twins already okay I don't want to do too much of that see the same Tils that's in your house yeah that's on your floor this is what they make come from oh the Tils yeah they make the con you see this this they make pretty tiles out of them oh wow yeah you can make tiles the beautifulest tiles you can get different colors they break them up crush them up put them through the machine put them through a process and there you go your ti wow so there so many things you can do with conk I'd heard too much about this conk that I just had to head to the famous nasal Fish Market to see how it was caught and repared guys one thing I noticed about Bahama so far is that everywhere is so clean I'm currently at the Docks now and I can't see any dirt on the floor anyway see how clean it is most docks in most countries are usually very dirty cuz you just throw things anyhow anywhere longer they stay in the water the fresher they be when they need them they pull them out of the water crack them prepare them and have them ready for a sale so the guy ooh okay this one the boy M so that's the penny right there for some reason it's out there in the ocean it's about abundance and as much as you want you can take it and bring it home there's no season no b no law on these these all year around and as much as your heart desire please take and bring home okay like I said just take it cuz it's too much in the ocean oh really yes too much too much of D ocean now you want taste it taste it yeah you want eat it oh really that's okay you sure what's the lime for yeah give the seasoning the marinated M so guys I'm about to try the raw conk M okay this is good actually that's a big fish yeah he name is silus you hear me right your name what the fish name Silo Silo yeah it has a name yeah silo okay this is the Bohemian Lobster Bohemian Lobster woo wow that's oo if you want to eat fresh food come to the Bahamas cuz the food it's like you're picking it out of the ocean and you're EA it I just ate fresh com that was probably maybe it was probably alive like 5 5 seconds ago before I ate it what's this collect that's what I want you got to buy me one I going to show you everything so what's your name my name is the bird man the bird man I'm fly in anywhere what's your name H he says he thinks that most places in Africa you know we just have tigers lions and stuff in Africa you got zebras and tigers and lions over here we only have dogs I'm trying to tell him that it's not like that everywhere I think so you think so why do you think so why do you think because my friend AF sleep and the lion bite bite him B him the lion beat him yeah but only for a local yeah had the bat the lion off the FR yeah and then he he get away in what country what country in Africa it's Nigeria no it's not Nigeria he said it's Nigeria it's Nigeria yeah that's it was this is the local Bohemian beer one view one for me and you wa for that bir man cheers to you guys all right while the island Shore looks like the perfect Paradise it past wasn't so Rosy in the Bahamas West Indies many of the natives grow sugar cane a long way from the nearest Sugar Mill way before anyone from Europe came here the islands were covered in forest and provided the perfect location for pirates to hide and attack ships full of goods on their way to different parts of the world the Bahamas later evolved into a British colony aimed at controlling piracy and following the American Revolutionary War Americans and their enslaved Africans settled here significantly increasing the African descendant population the abolition of the slave trade and slavery led to the Bahamas becoming a sanctuary for free slaves making black Bohemians the majority today reaching over 90% of the population most Bohemian people have their ancestry traced back specifically to Ben Republic Nigeria Ghana and other West African countries almost 80 95% of her black history is definitely from Ghana from Ghana yeah we're Africans so I heard something while I was here that most of the people who are from here are people from Ghana haven't you been to the slave Heritage Museum here in the Bahamas no so I'm giving her some history about where she lives most people so that means you you you're partly from West Africa you're my sister hello my brother hello this is the remains of you know the ruins of the houses where they used to leave all this behind me this is like slave houses that existed back then on my way back to nasau I started to reconsider what it would feel like to leave in the Bahamas so guys we're just getting down and it's leaving the car running now we're else going to somewhere else I nothing's going to happen how do you feel safe just leaving your car like that cuz we're safe we're good in the Bahamas we live in unity we live in peace wow there are so many countries you can't try that that do no you can't do that nowhere else but here man only in the bamas guys thanks to his appealing nature it has become a hot spot for immigrants in the recent years I was looking forward to buy a new um adapter for my phone cuz the plugs here they use is different from the plugs I have and I came into this African store and I met my ghanan brother here Mr Francis hi what do you like the most about leaving here the weather is very good and the people here to are very kind currency is okay it's a one to one with the US dollar yeah it's not like C this like n yeah so it's okay started with the small but now three shop now oh wow three shops yeah three shops how many years have you been here it's my secret it's your secret one of the reasons which people love living here is that the country of Bahamas is a tax Haven there are no income taxes and not corporate taxes there's basically there are any taxes at all so the only way the government generates revenue is through basically import duties everything good in life comes at the price though which is why the cost of living in the Bahamas is crazily high and I almost couldn't afford to make this video you know over the years we we've faced inflation too you know we can't the Bahamas is a small country so we import inflation so if it goes up abroad by the time it gets here it's even more expensive when you eat out a simple local launch could cost you around $ 25 Bohemian dollars and a fast food meal is around 20 to 30 Bohemian dollars do you prefer the Bahamas food to the food in in Ghana actually Ghana food is a food and the bahian to is almost a similar Ghana we have Fufu but here we don't have Fufu that is the only different one of my favorite food from Ghana is the Ghana Fufu I love it so much yes so do you miss your Ghana all the time all the time the country is also politically and economically stable and everybody speaks English is this the only Tea Company in BAS yes is actually the only Tea Company in the Bahamas we have some 21 gun salute booes up your stamina your energy your sex drive it's natural Avidia male and females so if you have some fun you party with 21 we have some tea samples here hibiscus sour so moranga and fever grass so guys I'm about to try out the hibiscus tea ex said okay my face no just like juice that's all thank you what's what's your favorite thing you yourself Bahamas is to beach you know how to swim no I don't right no I don't yeah most people in the Bahamas do how to many of people are meeting here they don't know how to swim like half I could float though that counts I that's you can float for how long floating is the lazy way of swimming for how long can you float for a good amount of time but I can't swim 2 seconds I will go down guys we're currently driving through one of the what's it called Bane Town Bane town which is like one of the places where the locals like the major locals live you know whenever I go to a country I usually like to experience where the locals live everything I want to show you guys is not just like touristy stuff I want to show you guys what it's like living here this where I grew up this where I grew up miss m it's Grandma's house to leave somewhere in this neighborhood now like how much can you give me an idea of how much like it is so something like this probably will cost you anywhere from let's say 190,000 to about $250,000 okay for the for the property plot itself you know sometimes it may come with a structure on it yeah or it just me the land itself and renting an apartment is like how much so around here apartment can be anywhere from let's say 500 a month oh really cheap man it's cheap that's cheap most times in most countes they say like where the locals live is usually usually the most dangerous areas but I'm currently here in the middle of the street walking around and nothing is happening this is not a touristy area at all like as you can see there are less white people here I don't think I've seen any white person everybody's chill everybody's doing whatever they need to do so nobody's stressing anybody out if you want a nice funish place in a nice part of town it could cost you anywhere around $2,500 a month in a more average area it drops to about $1,600 a month and that is excluding all the other service fees that comes with renting a home so living in assau means you spend a lot on things like food rent getting around and having fun it's beautiful but you have to be ready for the cost subscribing to my channel cost zero bahian dollars do so if you haven't subscribed please hit the Subscribe button right now this iset so guys I'm about to try out sweet wine B in the Bahamas get the grap grap taste so this is the winery hair okay it was a Catholic chocal now we turn it into a winery oh okay so this is the only Winery in the entire Bahamas wow this is where REM make all of the wine and then we do everything here by hand so it's hand corking we do the labeling by hand and then this is the fun part of the winery take a look at this this is where we do blending classes so you can come and you can book a class with us and you create your own blend and you're taking your bottle and your personalized label home with you oh wow you can drink as much as you want as much as you want even if you you drag yourself out the door guys I'm at a place called the B Vista Estates and used to be a sleeve Plantation before but now they've turned it into a Distillery the water ball that you're looking at it's approximately 234 years old 74 ft deep and it's made from Limestone naturally Limestone will filter water but this well is polluted cuz people keep dropping their phones cameras there's about 2 ft of water left in the well so you can take a look or take my word for it whichever one you prefer after learning about the history of the Bahamas I wanted to relax so I got ready and headed to the beach I learned that the prettiest and easiest beaches to get to in nasau are on the Paradise Island Paradise Island is the only island in the Bahamas we can drive to every other Island it's either a boat or an airplane oh wow after a small Google search I found this really cool Tour on a platform called get your guide that takes you on boat trips to the island around NASA for less than $163 hi this a YouTu Hi how are you I'm fine that's good nice to meet you nice to meet you who was your name t you didn't come with no I came sep you came you're B boy F music no but what happened I told him I say you came with BR boy as he a brought a boy take him I'm going to be doing something really special something I've been seeing on the internet a lot of people have this videos they do where you see them swimming with pigs like actual swimming pigs I don't know where those pigs are from but they kind of like have swimming pigs in the Bahama so today I'm going all the way on one of these boats I don't know which one yet and I'm going to three different spots some of them are islands in the middle of the ocean and that is where we'll find the swimming pigs finally on the boat about to proceed on our way to Paradise Island I passed along some of the most famous people's luxury waterfront homes like that of Oprah Winfrey Eddie mhe and some other rich people whose names I can't remember I hear that many of the most famous celebrities in the US come here to buy vacation homes that they really live in which is something people do when they have too much money I guess we get there one day when we go to the pink Island and yeah let's go somewh with PS you're going to stay up to the edge sit on the side and then bring your legs down first all right finally made it to the island ladiesent thank you this is one of the only places in the world where pigs can swim so how come they can swim here across other places pigs don't know how to swim why why is it like that why they born swimming they born swimming yeah they born to swim all pigs can swim all pigs can swim yeah even in Africa other parts of the world oh really yeah all face oh the vi of the train P oh so these are train P we had them from babies we bring them to the water every day baby I thought it was wild that there was a bunch of big pink pigs in the Bahamas that just love to Splash around in the shallow water these swimming pigs are a huge deal and a big reason why people visit the Bahamas every year they are super friendly and you can find them on a few islands in the country oh you want to give take it on behind behind okay so guys I'm caring one of the pigs right now this one of hungry every time I go to a new country I'm always wondering how they able to turn something so basic into something that so many people are coming to see same PS that people just for but the Bahamas they're able to take something so basic and so normal and turn it into an experience I see how many people are coming here to all these people plus me included we all paid money to come out Fe P after a while we headed to Paradise Island and it was truly beautiful this small Beach area with soft light blue water felt completely different from the crowded cruise ship area and the busy streets of nasau looks like the how clear the water is woo chopping life walking in the middle of the ocean one thing I loved about Bahamas was how different cultures were living together in peace and Harmony everyone speaks English but in a cool Bohemian way my favorite thing about living in the Bahamas is kind of our culture you know it's very expressive back in America most of the celebrities they they get that paparotti lifestyle and they just want to live a normal lifestyle here in the Bahamas we do recognize our celebrities but we don't we give them the most upd respect and that's what they love about it we have people like Kanye W over here Jay-Z Beyonce Adel Tom Brady lots of people lives here in the Bahamas everybody everybody loves loves the Bahamas experiencing the Bahamas for the first time was mind-blowing and it's so easy to see how the rich culture of the Caribbean is deeply interwined with the history and Heritage of West Africa you can feel this profound and enduring connection across music Traditions food and spirituality he felt like home except that it was five times more expensive so guys TI has been the one taking me around and experiencing Bahamas so shout out to him I'm going to put his number in the description so if any of you guys are coming to the Bahamas just hit him up hit him up and tell him Ty sent you that you saw him on Ty's video before traveling anywhere I often DD dream about the experience imagine the Bahamas brings to mind scenes of soft white beaches clear blue water and beautiful palm trees and I always pictured myself enjoying a drink with my feet in the sand watching the sunset this pagean dreams don't always come true for every trip but my time in nasau has been exactly as I imagined and it deepen my love for the Caribbean and provided a perfect escape from everyday stress I'm so glad I made the Bahamas my first country to visit in the Caribbean as I now know that it can only be up from here I can't wait to explore the other islands and I want you guys to come along with me on this beautiful Caribbean Adventure I hope you guys enjoy this video as much as I enjoyed creating it if you did please hit that like button and subscribe to my channel for More trilling Travel escapades my

  Top Comments:
  1. @drewbinsky [805 likes]: Cool to see how you've evolved man, keep it up!
  2. @Islandgirldominique [2 likes]: It’s so overpriced. I went there in a cruise and it the prices were insane for basic things
  3. @misscnn [1 likes]: I can't wait to visit this year 🗣💯🫶🏽✨️✨️✨️🇧🇸
  4. @SinGunofficial: I am around like this bahamas,bahamas is a very good island in this world 🌍
  5. @lindaboucherl6459: Hello my bro please i would love to discuss somethings with you in private
  6. @nathann.russell3909: As a Bahamian Ine know what garbage you talking about saying Nassau is the biggest island if you are talking about the population your correct but if you're talking about the size of the island itself you dead wrong bui, cause Andros is way bigger and also Grand Bahama is closest to America look on a map with the islands labeled and Atlantis is way larger than British Colonial
  7. @3ninas0515: Based on. That taxi fare, I knew $1000 wouldn't last 1 hour down there. 😮
  8. @chalettedorsey5989: Just so you know that that was absolutely not the truth what that couple said about the cost of a cruise to the Bahamas that very ship you saw MSC you can leave Miami and go to the Bahamas for three nights for less than $250 which will give you a inside cabin and all your food and regular beverage while you’re on that ship
  9. @padmaramdhetarwal5508: Now im working in dubai 2star hottel
  10. @padmaramdhetarwal5508: There have any job in hottels
Room assistante and bell boy
  11. @padmaramdhetarwal5508: Hello sir
  12. @olayemi669: 🎉❤🎉😊
  13. @SherlinaPacquette: 😊 come and visit Dominica🇩🇲🇩🇲🇩🇲🇩🇲🇩🇲 please
  14. @wilbertdean8148: Born bred GA dead 🇧🇸
  15. @nurudeendosunmu4718: They have old black American accent.
Very bold , clean and understandable
  16. @vh2q: Don't mention VAT ... a TAX on every thing you buy.    Which, in many cases, has already been tariffed (taxed) when it came into the country. That's why it's so expensive.
  17. @papacheezie2838: GRAND RISING KING ASANTE SANA FOR SHARING ANOTHER INFORMATIVE CONTENT KEEP ON KEEPING IT REAL TALK 1OO AND SOME MORE NUFF RESPECT VIVA VIVA PRESIDENT IBRAHIM TRAORE OF BURKINA FASO 🇧🇫 SOVEREIGNTY!
A.S.E.🙏🏾✡️✝️🪘🎼☪️🫡👁⭐️🏖🇧🇧🇯🇲🇹🇹🏝🇧🇫🇳🇪🇲🇱🪘🎼🪘🎼🕊🕊🕊🕊🕊🕊🕊🕊🕊👀👸🏿🫅🏿💕💕💕💕💕💕
WATCHING FROM 441B.D.A 😮
🏝🇧🇲♥️🖤💚🏖🇧🇧🇯🇲🇹🇹🏝
  18. @robinc1448: Of.i could afford to leave America i women choose the Bahamas or Barbados.
  19. @robinc1448: I was able to visit the Bahamas years ago and OMG I loved it. Im a water baby and that water was so warm and beautiful.
  20. @noireport: Scientifically that clear worm he swallowed is Not like Viagra, it’s a PARASITE in the Conches 😂 @noireport

- I crossed from Florida to The Bahamas on my small skiff boat: Kind: captions Language: en Hi friends and welcome to my wildest, longest, most in-depth Florida to the Bahamas video I have ever created. In this video, I am going to be crossing from Florida to the Bahamas in a small boat. I'm going to be adventuring, meeting friends, going on quite a few missions, and boy oh boy, do we have some challenges. So, if you like amazing visuals, a crazy story, well, this is going to be the video for you. Without further ado, let's get this video started. All right, good morning. We are 24 hours away from crossing to the Bahamas. Um, so I'm just came out here to the beach. We've got a little bit windier conditions this morning than what they're forecasting for tomorrow. So, I just wanted to come out here and lay eyes on the ocean. Granted, we're not out in the Gulf Stream, but this is going to be actually choppier than what will be out in the Gulf Stream. So, we've got a little bit of a southeast wind. You can kind of see it. Little wave just hitting at an angle. I think we're a green light for tomorrow morning. This is golden. And you know, my rule, too, is you let the ocean tell you how fast to go. So, even if I had to head into this, you know, I could slow it down to 12, 13 mph and be totally fine. Um, take me a little bit longer, but won't beat me up. Won't beat the boat up. So, yeah, we're good to go for tomorrow. Got a lot to do today. Um, let's get going. All right. So, what I'm doing here, setting up my little test figure out what I'm going to run for a tarp. So, I just want a measurement. I know I want to cover minimum. I go full length 11 12 feet is right over the seat and what I want to measure. So I'm right at there about 3 feet. If I'm 6' wide tarp 3T will get me to this edge. So, I'll probably go with an 8 foot wide tarp. Me a little extra. All right. Headed in the Harbor Freight and get a tarp. Um, couple clips. Make my shelter. Hopefully I don't fall victim to buying more stuff. All right. kind of got some stuff ready. Our working kind of bin filled with tools and all sorts of good stuff. We got 24 gallons of fuel right here. Extra fuel line ready to connect. Get it on a yoga mat so it doesn't slide. anchor line ready to go. Got our battery in the box and the fuel tank is filled. All right. So, it's I don't know about 11:00. Got everything packed up, set up, ready for the morning. So, I'm going to take a shower. Actually, I'm going to shave since I won't be shaving over there. take a shower and uh try to get some rest. We'll be up at 5. Um but the last thing's in the boat, but we're fueled up. We're ready. Um plan is to leave here at 6:00. Um and basically be heading out by 6:30 from the dock at sunrise. So, let's see how the weather is. Fingers crossed. Should be good. Well, folks, good morning. It is go time and it is absolutely spectacular out this morning. Um it's about 6:45 and just look at this. Yes, we're in the river, but Bahama Mama is loaded and ready. I got my totes, everything situated. We are good to go. I've got the tracking device on. So, my core group of people, they track me and watch me this entire trip. So, I've got two of these units. This is a spot um a spot trace. They're only a hundred bucks. Um and you can Yes, there's a monthly service fee, but it's pretty cheap and uh they work really well. So again, I've got a float plan and basically what I do is I've got people on the Bahamas side and people here on the US side. I don't announce my official ETA until I'm pretty much to the edge of the Gulf Stream. So, I'm going to head out now. Head down the river, head out the inlet. Depending on how the ocean looks, and once I get a feel for what kind of speed I'm going to maintain, I'll then make my estimate of when they should expect me and send a text out to everybody, let them know. Um, today's going to be a fun one, an easy one. Knock on wood. So, I'm going solo, but you guys are going to meet my friends, the Shannons. That's what I I'm going to refer to them as. It's Papa Shannon and Mama Shannon. Yes, husband and wife. Same name, Shannon. Um, they're departing about an hour after me. So, I'm heading out solo. It's going to take me a little bit longer. I can't cruise as fast as them. And then they're going to catch up with me. So, I'm leaving the inlet, making my course, maintaining it, and then they're going to come up on me and and catch up to me probably in a couple hours. So, without further ado, let's get this trip going. [Music] Heat. Heat. There's a lot of boat traffic out here. A lot of people crossing over, but nobody's heading to West End. Majority of these boats are heading to east. What they're doing is they're crossing over to just go most likely fish for the day or if they're going to like walkers or Grand Key. Um, but it's always nice peace of mind when there's quite a bit of traffic out here. So, it's very small waves, but they're just short little choppies. It's really hard to tell. I'm doing about 17 18 miles an hour. So, you know, not bad. I'll take it. Could be way worse. I'm hoping that when I get out to the edge of the Gulf Stream, um, it smooths out a little bit. This is really like a lot of inshore type of chop. I don't know, probably another 10 minutes I'll be out to the edge of the Gulf Stream. We'll see how things start to shape up. So, I'm uh the Shannons now. Yes. Yes. I see them. Here they are. You never know who you might run into out here. What the heck? Yes. Did you have to go off course much? Huh? Did you have to go off course much? I'm dead on 130. Yeah. I knew you'd be coming up. I just was like, I'm going to stop and film an intro real quick. Like I literally said in the video, they'll be rolling up soon. I turn around, I'm like, "Holy So, we're right on right behind them is the edge, basically the shelf. We're only in 75 ft of water here. Um, but there's this weed line you can see. So, for those of you not familiar with with fishing or saltwater stuff down here in South Florida, um this sargasm weed is like just holds a ton of all sorts of sea life, tiny things, which then are bigger things and bigger things. And um you know, this is this would be primo and the right time of year for dolphin or mahi um as it's now called. So yeah, we're just checking it out on our way in. Shannon changed course a little north because we were just getting pounded by the waves. I was getting pounded by the waves. So we're about 10 miles north of West End. So we're probably going to start heading that way. [Applause] Hey, hey, hey. Okay. How surreal. I mean, it's it's like you're driving a boat in a swimming pool. And the craziest part is this isn't even like wa the nicest water or the clearest. It's uh the tide's coming out across the bank. So, this is like the green dirty water. Um, but I I love when I hit the bank just it's almost like you've reached land, but even better cuz this is way more beautiful than any land I've seen. But you can just tell for miles and miles. Know if you guys can see it. It's just beautiful, beautiful, beautiful water. So, what I'm debating right now, either clearing immigration and customs in West End, or because we're north a little bit, I might run the backside and have protection from uh land because the wind's out of the south. So, if I run along the north, I could run the back way into uh the Lucaya waterway. So, I'm going to plot it out real quick and maybe I just run that Hey, hey, hey. Heat. Heat. Hey, hey, hey. All right, so I made it to the Lucaya waterway on the north side of Grand Bahama. This is really cool. This entire canal system You know, I swear the Bahamas is the land of unfinished construction. Um, you've got all these lots and just it's just crazy. It's It's a ghost town on this north end of the island. So, I'm going to go up the Lucaya waterway now and use that to cut through the island. Um possibly find a little spot to camp out for the night. Um and yeah, make our way through the island. See what we see. So I made the decision after going through the Lucaya waterway to head up to Lucaya itself, clear immigration and customs and then I could continue taking advantage of this beautiful weather to head to Swedings. Heading straight to Swedings now. So I got 40 miles. Um let's do it. Probably one of my favorite distances from here to there is just nothing. It's desolate. Beautiful beaches. So uh the conditions have laid down a lot. So really looking forward to it. Going to try to get there before the field [Laughter] closes. All right, getting low on fuel. That's the high side. It's angled. Now I got to rotate. This the reserve. All right, fuel tank is flipped. Let's go. All right. So, made it to MLAN's Town just in time. I thought the uh fuel dock closed at 6:00, but it actually closes at 7. So, um this gentleman's going to move his boat in a minute and then we're going to um get some fuel and be ready for tomorrow. So, I love it. This is, you know, this is the real Bahamas. Y islands, you know, no no cruise ships, no hustle and bustle, no high dollar hotels. It's the real deal right here. This is uh this is the government dock. So basically everybody on Sweding's key and they want to get to the mainland only way to get here is by boat. So a lot of these boats will run back and forth because there's no no road to get to Swedings. Pretty cool. Cool way of life, huh? Well, my phone almost made it throughout the day. It died about an hour ago, but I made it. I made it to Swedings. I'm at my buddies Nico's for tonight and then tomorrow and the days after I'm camping in the skiff. Check this place out. If you haven't seen I have a video where I really show a bunch of Swedings, but this place was made for skiff exploration. I can't wait till for tomorrow to show you guys all over to show you guys around. Let me tell you what, I am whooped. Um, a little over almost 12 hours worth of driving today. My back is killing me. But the the Twin V did well. Old Bahama Mama. That's the name of this boat, by the way. Bahama Mama. She did awesome. I'm going to walk off. Call it a night. See you guys in the morning. All right, good morning. We are in the Bahamas. I mean, does it get any better than this? Oh gosh. What's up, little dude? I guess he's just enjoying the view. Can't blame him. Look at this water. Mama Mama slept well, rested, ready for adventure. My back is definitely toast today. So, usually on my day two after a long day like yesterday, which was 12 hours um riding tiller, uh I try to take it easy. Definitely, uh nothing too physical. I've got some ideas for what I want to do today. Um I'm going to introduce you guys to uh the Feasters, which is my buddy Herb Senior, Herb Jr. Um and then the rest of their family you'll meet. So, they're in Swedings and we're going to do a little walk through probably of of Sweding's Key and show you guys what the settlement is like and probably share some of the story of what they've been through on this island since Hurricane Dorian. So, what do you say we hop on Bahama Mama and go for a cruise? All right. Well, got to shift the gear and got nothing. So, trim the motor up. Check the linkage here. So, this basically I'll show you as I move it. I got it repositioned. When you shift the gear, neutral, neutral. So, this basically as I move this this rod, you can see my hand. Yeah, I'll just show you. But as I shift gears, that rod is what switches the lower unit. Forward, neutral, reverse. So, right now, I have no forward, neutral, reverse. So, all I got to do is pop the rod back in and this turns and it basically I can thread. Um, it's just a coupler basically. So, all right. It's always something. So, there was a forecasted storm to come through. The wind really, really picked up. So, because of wind noise, um, I really couldn't use any of the audio here, but the Shannons rolled in. They went through quite bad conditions, but they made it to Swedings. And here we are at the entrance of the actual actual settlement of Sweding Key. Several years ago, Hurricane Dorian came through here and absolutely wiped this area out. There was one boat left on this entire island. Um, about 120 people lived here. A majority of them evacuated. Um, some of the men stayed. Needless to say, it was devastating for this community. And since they're not and bustle of like the Avacos and you know big touristy spots that have a lot of money coming in um it's been really difficult for the folks here in Sweden's key to to rebuild. Um you know you don't have home insurance, you don't have it's it's just way different than how things are in America. and having been through Hurricane Andrew in 1992 and experiencing that and the devastation. Um, it instantly that's how I got connected to Swings Key and everybody here. Yeah, buddy. And so, um, it's Herb's cousin here. Yeah, man. And so, um, that's how I got connected to everybody on Swedings was starting to fix up, me and a couple friends started fixing up some little skiffs and that's what birthed donating the skiffs to Bohemian fishers. You know, you've got people that their boats were taken away from them. That's their means. This is an entire fishing community. Their only their main resource is the fisheries. It's con diving, lobster diving during season. uh maybe some fish. So once they lost all their boats, they lost a way to make money. So the weather proceeded to get worse and worse. Some rain, wind noise, and honestly, I didn't want to just jam the camera in the Shannon's faces after they just endured a long trip. So I waited till the weather passed and just took it easy. Decided to call it an early evening and get ready for the next day. All right, welcome to day two. Oh, wait, day three. How beautiful. Hi. This water never gets old. I swear. Every morning that I wake up and see this kind of water is unreal. All right, let's get this show on the road. So, I took the big fuel tank out. Now, I'm just going to be running for the next couple days on the small tank that's under the seat. And uh clean up a little clutter. Steering gear organized. Whenever you put pointy objects on a boat, always if the tip's not removable, always put the spear tip to the back of the boat. Last thing you want to do is walk into a spear, man. Look at this. So, here's a fun tidbit. If one out of every hundred viewers subscribed to my channel, I would actually be able to create content fulltime for you guys. So, it's free to subscribe. If you like this channel and any of my DIY builds or Bahamas content, be sure to hit that button. I appreciate it. And on with the video, if you're wondering, that is a car from Hurricane Dorian. The car was washed up and well now it's morning. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. There he is. Look at this guy. Living the best life. Wow. Yes. Yes. And action. What the? So, I'm going to ask you guys to hang tight with me during some of this wind noise, but this is a really important segment of the video and trip. And I really want to share this part. This is my buddy Herb Jr., my closest Bohemian buddies who I trust with my life right here. This man, he is a savage waterman. Um, so like you guys are used to my videos and things I do and you think I'm crazy and the boats and all this stuff. Weird. This is my my brother. It's even crazier. Same stuff. Same life of living in the water and all sorts of situations, but just an incredible waterman. And we're going to finally dive together today. We're going to explore a little bit. Um, so yeah. And this is her senior the camera. You want to say hi? Yeah, buddy. This is the legend right here, Herb Senior. This guy is amazing. Yeah, just little walk through and introduce some people to Swedings. storm take all of this away. Only one to leave. This one here. So, so I I mentioned to you guys that uh Hurricane Dorian justip wiped this place out. So, we're doing a little walk through now. Um and they're going to share a little bit. So, how many places were left after Dorian? The most. Yeah. Break up. Yeah. So people have patched stuff up. Mhm. Tried to rebuild as much as possible. Then this was right here was Mr. Thompson. This was like a bone fishing and lodge. Mhm. The first big structure. So you guys had some some tourism a little bit, right? Cuz you guys had your bar and your your restaurant right there. Right. So this red spot that was gone. That's not it wasn't even there after Dorian at first. So that was their their restaurant and and bar. So, the feasters are are fishers. They're they do everything water related. Um, which was one of my favorite things about them. And, um, you know, when Dorian came through, it just wiped away everything. You wake up the next morning, only thing you could have do is just cry. Yeah. Like, wow. Everything just gone. So, I know that the wind noise was just horrible. Uh, I appreciate you guys listening to the last part, but I really wanted you guys to hear Herb Junior and Herb Senior and meet them. Um, but the audio just got totally unusable on this portion. But to hear the story, to hear what the people on Sweding's Key have gone through, you know, not just the night of Hurricane Dorian hitting, but the aftermath. And in the background, you see this little cubicle. These were little homes that they had brought over and a lot of tents. You know, Herb mentioned earlier there was only two to three homes remaining. Everything else has been rebuilt. Uh and it's still a struggle here. We're walking up to uh this old lady has a little store inside of her her house, you know, get a couple things and wanted to to support her and she's the first little store kind of in the island. So, um, you know, hearing their story, spending the time, it's it's really what you need. Yeah. Like your shampoo and other stuff detergent, soap. All right. I got a couple things. My essentials, a little energy, little caffeine. You guys that have been watching the channel, you know Coca-Cola is my go-to. Got to have my Coca-Cola each day. It's my only thing I need. I'll die without it. No. Some was living in tents. Some was living in dome. So instantly, I mean, you guys had no power, no water, no food, just generator. I mean, waves were just covered this island right now. So, at this portion of the video, it's the first time that Herb Jr. and I talked about how much of the island was covered and really how everybody fought for their life. Here, he's showing how high the water level was. you know, their home was completely wiped out. Two pillars were left standing of concrete block and Herb and his father stood behind the pillars as the current ripped across the island. And this is all at night time. So this current is just ripping across the island. Anything that was in the road is just being swept away kind of like a tsunami. So here he's showing how they lean their back against the concrete pillars. The water's that high and they're literally just waiting for these concrete pillars to fall down. They just stood there and watered that high through the night until it receded. But that was serious. You know what I mean? That was serious because any sudden move your life just get take away cuz the paran would have just k you straight out to the ocean, right? And then that gone you're done. Yeah. Nothing serious. It's amazing that nobody was swept away on this island. Exactly. You know, right then Anthony has to have been a real relative save. Why fight for your life that night? Cuz if he wasn't, he was condemned. Straight up. He was condemned. So, after our walk through town, I think both Herb and I were ready to get in the water. One of the things that we have in common is a huge passion for the water. That's our our special place where we find ourselves. And well, we were ready to do some diving to explore a little bit. And one of our other favorite shared things is showing people the beauty of Sweding's Key. So, we are picking up the Shannons right now and we are getting ready to check out an incredible spot. You guys are in for a treat. The visuals are going to be next level. I am so excited. that I have a drone. So, just brace yourselves and let's go explore. Ready to rock and roll. First day spirit diving, baby. There you go. All right. So, here we are. Drift Harbor. Get ready to hop in the water and um yeah, just do a little a little sightseeing. Everybody's in the water now. So, this is the beginning of Drift Harbor. Shannon had just thrown out his line, his very first cast. And well, I always say that if you catch a fish instantly on your first cast, just put up the fishing rod and don't fish anymore for the day. But he caught a really nice mutton snapper. And uh that was actually I think his his first fish that he wanted to catch on the list of the trip. So that was pretty awesome. And now we're just going to be doing this drift. So, this little river is filled literally the entire bottom of this because it has so much current. It has the most healthy and vibrant coral. And with all of that coral is a ton of marine life, ton of fish. Um, in part of the drone shots, you could see those spotted eagle rays swimming around when I came through with the Bahama Mama. But this is a really special spot. We've just been diving for about the last 2 hours. Yeah, it's so cool. This is everybody's first time spear fishing. They're having so much fun. I told them, I said, "You guys are going to get hooked. Start spear fishing." Um, and then so for those of you that have never spearfished before, it's just a whole different animal. I guess it would be like hunting. Um, you know, you're swimming around, you're seeing all sorts of cool stuff, and you're just waiting for that right fish. And I don't know, it's the challenge, the physical part, the swimming down, the shooting them and trying to keep them on your spear. It's just very rewarding to say the least. And they're getting to try it for the first time and experience spear fishing. So pretty stoked for them. Notice this spot. So, check this out. The water's getting chilly. When the water gets chilly at low tide, you know that there's a blue hole nearby. It's that deep ocean water is pumping out. So, look at this. Freaking cool. This is This is like what Bahamas out island exploration is. Exploring, finding cool spots. This is just like This reminds me of the springs. Just that crisp fresh water, crystal clear. Look at this. Walking back. You guys stocking some fish? Mhm. Look at this spot. How good is this water feel? Cold. I know. This is God's aquarium out here. It sure is. So, what I was telling I walked back here only two time only time I've seen tarpon. Two big tarpon were in here and they scared me, I scared them and they zoomed out of here right by me. It was so cool. like 60 pounders probably, maybe even bigger. Those big cabar snappers love these holes. Yeah, there's a couple in here. How cool is this? Just a little nook. There we go. See the eel? Yes, I see him now. It's so cool. You can just sit like this and just if you just sit still, stuff starts to come out somewhere around. It's so bad when I put my phone underwater. It's almost so Do it clear. Take it. I know. I totally should. We're doing the last day of the trip. Heat. Heat. We just finished um hours of diving and exploring around Drift Harbor. Such an awesome time. Um everybody I cannot believe they actually uh shot a bunch of fish. Where do you see um the cooler full of fish that they shot just in this, you know, little area, shallow water. Um super awesome. They had a so much fun. Um so now we are going to head back to Sweden. Find a treasure. Look at this peace. Oh, this is good. Look what I just scored. And a purpose. What man needs the ocean provides. Oh, ain't that right, Jonah? All right. Well, we just got back to Sweetings. It's been a long awesome day. about 6:00 p.m. and everybody's pretty warm. Heat. Heat. All right, good morning. It is another beautiful day in the Bahamas. Although it's overcast and there's a lot of rain forecasted for late today and early tomorrow's rain all day. Trying to make the most of it. It's blowing about 26 m an hour. Um right off offshore. So it's going to be an inland type of day. Um I've got some blue holes that I want to go explore. Going to take the Shannons there. and I've got a very special piece of driftwood that I found I think 4 years ago and I want to go get it. Uh it's going to take a little bit of work to get it out from where it is, but you guys will see it's well worth it. I've been dreaming of this piece of driftwood for years. For those of you that follow the channel, you know that finding driftwood is like my favorite thing, beachcombing. So, right now, I'm going to run to MLAN's Town, get some fuel, couple supplies. I'm going to have not run Oceanside, but there's actually this little creek that gets kind of narrow, kind of skinny, but we are at high tide. So, I know we can make it in Bahama Mama. So, let's go get some fuel. Let's get some supplies and let's start our day. Whoa! Woo! Skitty! We're going to make it. Oh, shoot. Heat up here. Oh, almost there. Woo! Oh man. Um, the SKG is definitely going to be polished after that run. I don't know if you guys can see how much was kicked up. I remember it being way deeper. Not way. I knew it was skinny, but going to cruise into McLean's town. Definitely not going back that way. Heat. All right, the fuel station. All right. So, I got my got my supplies. I got some good stuff. Heading back now. Going to uh cruise over. All right, guys. I got All right. I got I got my goodies. part a little bit at the fuel dock, but um you know, kind of respecting people don't want to be on camera. Um so needless to say, I got my goodies. Look at this. Oh, dang it. It's the little things in life. Oh my goodness. This is like what a treat for me. Um, morning coffees are are my jam. I love morning iced coffee. So, anyhow, I got my my little iced coffee. I got my honey bun. What better way to start the day in the Bahamas with some good old health food. So, I'm going to cruise now. I've got to run the outside. It was just too skinny and the tide is dropping. So, I'm not going to go back through that cut. So, it's going to be a little rough, but hey, let the ocean tell me how fast to go. So, I'm just going to take my time and I'll get there when I get there. That wasn't too bad. Couple miles, windy, wavy. Look at this. Not even wet. This I will say, you know, I I'm really I love Bahama Mama. I love this boat. This is a twin V catamaran 17 ft. Um, you know, like any hole, uh, Barney always has a a thing. Boating is about compromises, right? You're always giving something up in your boating. You want more space for sleeping. Well, you have less space for fishing. You want super shallow, you're giving up rough water performance. Um, you want efficiency, small motor, low power, you're not going to go fast. You want to go fast, you're burning tons of fuel. So, this boat though, I will say, checks so many boxes. Um, you know, it's a self bailing hole, which I love. Yeah, there's some water cuz I'm stirring heavy right now. But it flushes right out. This is a self bailing hole. Both holes are filled with foam flotation, which is awesome. Uh, but this thing rides like a champ when you're going kind of heading into a wave. That's, you know, really that's where catamarans shine the most. Any power cat. Um, you know, I'd say going into a wave, going into a wave at an angle, they just crush it. And the faster you go, this thing just catches air. It's so light and it just cushions down. Cushions down. Going with the waves, it's a bit of a, you know, kind of a porposing boat. Um, but it's a trade-off. I mean, honestly, I don't know many. I just average like 25 miles an hour in some pretty good waves. Um, you know, and I'm dry, completely dry, and I shouldn't have been due to the wind direction and the waves and the spray. So, anyhow, this is a I will say Bahama Mama is quite the little Bahama boat. Here we are at the Blue Holes. This is the Blue Hole Cove loaded with Blue Holes. Everybody's exploring in the background. I'm about to fly their drone and give you guys a good bird's eye view. Yeah. So, I love this spot with all the blue walls. Spend an entire day here. Hands down. Easy. So, we just finished at all those blue holes snorkeling. Now, we're at the center hole. Pretty big. Shaman's fishing. Joseph is spear fishing. We're going to see who catches fish first. See who catch the first. Yeah, that's what I just said. What are we looking for, buddy? Apparently, there's a world class driftwood over here that has to be gone. That is 100% correct. We're on a mission with the whole crew to extract a piece of driftwood. Very special piece of driftwood. beautiful all this is the area we're going to I don't think but a few humans have ever been to and I don't even know about that. All right, so we've just left the beach. This is the tree line. Now we're going for the driftwood. So now we're going to the yellow brick road. It's not yellow, but that's just what I like to call it. Man, I'm not breaking your fish. Well, we found it. Hadley found it. Great minds think alike. And um the rocks are thicker than I remembered. Now I'm recording. Action. Maybe This one was right there. Oh, it's so close. Oh, man. Come on, baby. Super blue. Okay, I think now if you lift it over there. Oh man, baby. The mama majama. It's almost like a wave crashing down like at like this. Imagine it. That is cool. Standing up like you guys. So, we got it. You know what? Never mind. I don't really care about this. Let's go. Never mind. I don't know. It's busted. Dream. There's a lot. So, we're on our way back. We all got some treasures. Yes. Yes. Look at this stuff. Look at that. It's a birthday girl. Look what she found. Oh, so sweet. Told you it was only 2 minutes away. On top of him. So, where is he? Where is he? right here. Did I even go under? Yeah, action. That was amazing. And go. That looks awesome. All right, look at this score. Look at the bounty. This your birthday hat, Shannon. That's what you have to wear tonight at the birthday sing. See the edge of the prop. Look at here. How that's flared up. So, we're going to do an on the spot repair. It's our extraction tool. Oh, that looks so much better. Thanks. Right. Just agree with me. Just agree with you here. Just say, "Yeah, that looks good." That was good. That looks good. We just dropped everyone off. Um, we parked because it's so shallow in here. We parked the Jupiter way out there and I didn't want us to damage any of the driftwood. All right, it's coming out. Look at this. Ah man. So after getting the pieces of driftwood, I loaded them on the boat and well, I was pretty whooped. It was time to call it a day. So headed back to Swedings and looking forward to a good night's rest from a fun day of exploring. Right. Well, it is always an adventure when you're in the Bahamas. So, I am loaded up. I've got my tool kit, fuel tank, tow line, miscellaneous, and uh well, you guys are going to have to just join along for the ride and and well, I don't even know what's going to happen today. So, fingers crossed that everything goes smooth, but we are in for for some fun. So, let's get rolling. So, I'm headed now to pick up my friend Shannon and his son Joseph. And uh once I get them, we'll share with you what our plan is for the day and what we are up to. It has been a dream of theirs to find an original Calgary, um which is a Bohemian boat, very iconic, very special. I've been putting out feelers, talking to friends. So, my buddy Herb Jr. uh last night was like, "Listen, I found one. Somebody reached out to me." Uh it is not local. It is not close, but it's for sale. It's rare to come across a used one for sale. Of course, it's forecasted to rain all day long today, so that just adds a little element to the adventure. It's been over a year since the owner used it. He's a retired fisherman. So, it's a really cool story and this could be a really, really cool project. This is definitely going to shape up to be quite the adventure cuz we've got a lot of work ahead of us to get this boat, to get it to the water, to get it towed to the States, and to build this Albury if it all works out. So, fingers crossed. Um, we're about to pull up to the Shannon. I literally Wait, I didn't text you to grab garbage bag, did I? You need one? No. No, it was in my mind. I was going to say, "Grab some garbage bags." Good morning. Good morning. We're the poor man's poncho. It's a Bahamian poncho. A Bahamian poncho. What's up, good morning? How are you guys? No wind. Oh, it's so flat out there. It's glass all the way around. Yeah, they're twinning. The poncho twins. Wait, wait. All right. Well, we got a little rained on. I mean, I said it was going to be an adventure. Somebody ripped their behemian poncho. So, now we are pulling into the settlement of MLAN's town. What are we going to do? Hitchhike, Shannon? Uh, we'll have to hitchhike if they are out of cars when we get here. And you know what? That would just make the adventure that much more adventurous cuz we're on a mission. We're good. We're ready. We're ready. We're in the Ferrari and we're cruising. So, we got a rental. We're about to leave. McLean's down. Can you get in here? Head out. Yeah, we're good. Well, this is all the Bahama rental cars are. More tent on top than window on bottom. It's good thing we have it for today. It's a sunny day. So, we're headed on the stretch, long stretch of not much from McLean's Town to Freeport. All right. Can't even pull the phone out fast enough. We're already driving through the first settlement, Pelican Point. So, all of this area got just annihilated from the hurricane, from Hurricane Dorian. In one of my past videos, I filmed some cars that are washed out in trucks that are right off Um, but they've rebuilt pretty well. So, as we head west towards West End, you can see that on this east side of Grand Bahama, there's not much. You'll also notice all these pine trees, how the tops have snapped off. This was during Hurricane Dorian, so it's about a 45 minute drive to Freeport. And well, we're just cruising. It goes by pretty quick of the hour. My buddy Herbert Jr. Hello. All right. All right. What y'all going? All right. So, we've made it to Freeport. The guys are following. I got my buddy Herb Jr. here. Welcome. Welcome. We are going now to to check out the boat. Uh Herb sent some photos last night and yeah, it's exciting. So, we're just heading now uh west out of Freeport. That's right. What do you say, buddy? We're going to go check it out. Let's go check it out. Just arrived. Um I don't know how much that I can film. You know, I I don't like invading people's privacy, their places. But we're here at the boat. There it is. I'm gonna try to get some video. It might be incognito video. So, um, let's go check it out. Your face right there. I mean, if there's ever a I think someone took the JL audio out of it. Okay, so what we've got right here is an absolute classic. It's an 18 ft Albury. This is made in what do they say? Man, man. This boat's going to need some love. fish in the face. That would be cool. So, you know, for those of you looking at projects, thinking about projects, um, where do I even start? No. Um, so the main thing that I wanted to see, and I knew this coming after seeing the photographs, um, is, uh, getting the hole straight, right, to be, we could say calling it blueprinted, but you want to make sure the running surface is perfectly flat, straight lines, um, the sides, fairing. So, that's going to take work, but the the first plan of attack will be to disassemble, take everything off, um, grind out anything that was an old patch. So, this boat is from the late '7s. Um, and we got we got with that being done said um, you know, it's clearly had a lot of patches through the years, but to grind all that old stuff out and um, get to clean bare surface. A lot of the things that we're looking at here, it's like, oh man, what would that take to to fix this or that? The reality is sometimes it's easier just to lay up on a big flat table, brand new sections. So, um, you know, just even looking at this front portion here, you can tell where it's settled and soft. Um, you know, splashing a quick mold off of something or just creating a brand new piece, but definitely rebuilding the cap and then glassing the cap to the hole will just make it incredibly strong and end up being less work than trying to make something like this be repaired and look nice. I'm gonna bet you $50 this will be your most popular video when it's all said and done. I think that if we can fix it. If I can fix it. You don't run out of money. No, no, no. I think um as long as I can get the right thumbnail. Yeah. All right. So, we're airing up the tires and we are going to We brought a battery. So, we're going to trim up the motor hopefully or we're going to lift the motor. Either way, the motor's coming up. Um, so where is So, we got our battery cable. I guess they're running the battery inside the console. Oo, that's a big tank in here. There we go. We got our battery cables. Okay. Red to black, black to red, I think. So, something like that. All Half inch. Yep. All right. I'm going to try it. All right. Give her go. Okay. Down. So, just the up isn't working. Try it on this. probably shot it somewhere. Yeah, it's easy. I can get anything right now. So, so this can be a DIY video if your power trim and tilt doesn't work. I'm going to show you real quick what to do, how to bootleg it. All right, sir. Can you please remove that cover? We're going to go to the switch and then what we're going to do. So, first we're going to figure out so it goes down but not up. So, all we need to do is take this plug here. So, all we got to do is switch so that the down um pin goes so the red is the feed. Okay. So, the switch isn't bad. So, now we need to go. It could be the relay box. All right. So, what we're going to do now, a bunch of these Shannon just pointed out, you know, like look at some of these connections, right? Everything's been kind of just bootlegged. Hobble gobbled. So, we're just going to bypass everything. If you ever want to just manually bypass every switch, every relay system, it's a real simple uh this is a DC motor, so it's got a positive and negative. And if you want the motor to go in one direction, you go black and red and one. If you want to switch it to go the other direction, all you do is switch your negative and positive. So, we're just following this. Goes to right here. Can we disconnect the battery for a second, sir? Try not to do any welding right now. Just try to get it out. Oh, there it goes. a little hot. Okay, the motor's up. What' you say? Yeah. Yeah. Whoa. All right. Thank god. You want me to push? I'm not doing much. Like, you're videotaping and they're musling it. So, we got the motor trimmed up, locked. Huh? Yeah. So, we're hooked up. But, um, give that a little lift. Don't lift the ball right out. Okay. Okay. Okay. All right. That's all right. So, there's some tongue weight. It's not locking down. You think so? Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Did I make a plug? What did you just say? I said this is going to be a miracle if it makes it to the boat ramp. We will. We can do it. We'll keep an eye on the tire. Right. I have trailer waste. All right, the drone is secure. We're back on the road. We got it. It was coming down whether we were there or not. We got some good footage. Oh, yeah. All right. Any footage with you is great footage, buddy. All right. Steady pace wins the race. Yeah. You see, we got the expert hauler. is puppy. Puppy. Look at that dog. All right. I don't know if we're going to make it. This trailer is making all sorts of noise and vibrations. We only have a couple miles to go. Oh man. Fingers crossed. Fingers crossed. Yes, we can do it. Come on, little trailer. Go, baby. Go. We're going to make it. Can't see it, but she's smoking. Oh, man. Don't touch the warm tire. Yeah. So, yeah. Put some duct tape on it for us. Yeah. Maybe. Say we're all right. You said do I want to put some duct tape around it? No. Shouldn't do nothing. You might. I love the ball. Yes, man. We're going to make it. We're going to make it. We're going to make it. We're going to make it. We're going to make it. All right, we're in major limp home mode. Bearing is completely shot. The rim is sitting on the spindle and we're just cruising along cuz it could always be worse. That's right. We're going to make it. We're going to make it. think she can catch Why you think she can catch fire? Cuz she's a million degrees. Yeah, but she wouldn't catch fire. That's the point. No, I don't. All right. You never tried that? No, I haven't. Okay. That's why we're debating how to put band-aids on a busted up trailer. U So, we are going like 2 miles The wheel is wobbling. It is. Yes. Oh my gosh. Let me try to Yeah. Look at that wheel. Oh my go There's no bearings left. The good thing is it's on the left side of the road. So if it came off it go into the bush, not into a car coming towards us. We are about a mile left. We're so close to making it to the boat ramp. Oh my gosh. Shannon's behind us with Joseph. They're probably freaking out right now watching this thing. Shannon, I wish I was in the car with you guys to to to get your commentary. Oh, here he is, man. So, you know, in America, we'd be having a heart attack here. It just shows how relaxing the Bahamas were just like, "Hey, you know, nobody everybody just drove right by and go." Oh man. Oh Is she ready? Ready for the Olympics. Oh gosh. They just took off on us. All right, I'm back in the car. So they just caught that on video. right, so we have made it to West End Settlement. We are right down the street from the boat ramp. We're going to make it. I'm kind of surprised the tire ain't caught fire caught fire yet. straightening out. Wait, wait. It's like a hula hoop. Just stay on there, baby. Are we here? Oh, yeah. Wow. Wow. We made it, Holy. I think she's going to do good. Can't be. No, I put a piece of plastic in the uh inside. Men voyage of the pink. Yes, sir. something hard. Yeah. Looks like it's a little transom heavy in it, doesn't it? Um bottom bomb bottom. No. No. Doesn't give up here at all. So, it's crazy. Feels weird. It feels different than most boats. Yeah. Like usually a little boat like this, you do this, you'll feel Not enough. She's not. We're moving, buddy. We're barely moving right now. And just having the water pressure under the boat, I mean, we can go back and forth and it's uh incredibly stable. And just what a clims right there. Yeah. So our concern now is is the build taking Is the boat taking on water? We keep checking it. Get a mark on it once the boat's level. All right. One told the other Alvy. That's right. We got it. Look. So, this is what's so unique. When it rocks, when it gets so far, it just stops. Usually a little vehill like that, you like feel like you're going to flip over. Yep. What's going to happen? Wow. All right, we made it. We made the journey. We just finished getting towed. Wow. The Albury is in its temporary home for the next 48 hours and we're coming to get it and we're going to tow it back across the Gulf Stream. So, she seems like she's really not taking on any water. That might just be residual what was inside of the boat. And then because of the angle we put it at, some fresh water, rain water, whatever is kind of leaking towards the BGE, it didn't get any more than what was in it uh when we started the trip. So, it's been about 30 45 minutes. Boat's ready. Now, we're heading back to Swedings in another car ride. And in a day, we head back to Florida. So, we're loaded up and we're cruising out like a snowmobile. That's the power right there. This is going to be scary. Alex, they're on your baby. Shannon says he hasn't driven a tiller in like 30 years. So I said he's going from elementary school straight to the pros. 75 killer. I think that's Holy That thing rips. Control. Shannon hasn't driven a tiller in 30 years and he just he just punched it full send. He's all ass. This that thing is so fast. That is I mean it's scary how fast that motor is. So, this is the same cut that I went through earlier in the video by myself. I thought it was going to be a little bit deeper, but well, it was less than a foot and uh the tide just was not in our favor. But you don't know unless you try. Whose bright idea was. So, now that we're stuck having to walk the boat several hundred yards, you know, the downside of when you go full send in the shallow water is if you come off plane, well, you're doing exactly what we're doing in this video. So, the whole reason we really pushed it was because it's blowing so much. You know, the wind noise was out of control, but on the ocean side, it was just really rough. We had a ton of groceries. We were trying to bring these boats back to Sweding. So, well, in the end, I guess we had to go on the ocean side anyhow. So, we finish up here and by the time we get the boats off the flats, it's almost dark. But, you know, there's there's worse places to be stuck. You know, at the end of the day, it was incredibly eventful and uh it was a beautiful sunset. Well, we had to push ourselves out. We're now running the long way. We're going to run Oceanside. Kind of rough. I probably won't record. All right, good morning. It is the last day in Sweding's Key. Weather has definitely calmed down. Last night was brutal, super windy, super wavy. It took us to bring this skiff and Bahama Mama back. It took us a good I don't know 45 minutes to an hour. It was so rough out there. Yeah, we had to just take our time. The current was ripping through here. Got this beached at high tide, which is what Nico wanted. But pretty cool skiff, right? Buddy Alex. Buddy Alex built this, redid it. I believe this whole it's a cord floor. Pretty sure there's got a core material sandwiched. Um, obviously a lot of little ribs for support, but just a great layout for for diving. Couple people. Um, super lightweight. This thing would I remember when Alex and I were talking about it. In my mind, I'm like, man, 25 horsepower, this thing will just go because it sits so light on the water and has so much flotation. They did the 75 and it goes. So, what today's going to be is just couple hours of diving um this morning and then I'm going to come back. The weather's definitely died down and I believe it's going to be like this throughout the day. Um be even better this evening or late afternoon. So we're going to dive for a couple hours. I'm going to pack all my stuff and I'm going to get a head start and leave Swedings, head to Freeport, maybe West End, Bukaya, I don't know, somewhere in the mix. get myself that way because just trying to do everything in one shot is is pretty exhausting. And yeah, hit the road. It's always tough to leave an amazing spot like this. Beautiful out. So, it was so rough last night. Um I wasn't trying to go through an ordeal of setting up moorings and tying the boat in between. So, I parked the boat in Swedings. Now, my Uber scooter driver is about to give me a ride. Two guys on a scooter in the Bahamas. Skinners are the way to go. No doubt. Hey, if we were in India, we'd have like four people on here. Yeah, for real. That's a real mullet. And where's the big gear bag? I put it on the boat already. Okay, just want the big bag. So, for those of you thinking about visiting Sweding's Key, maybe you don't have a boat, maybe you don't want to cross the Gulf Stream. The the nicest best way to do it, I'm I'm going to be completely real with you. You fly into Freeport, you catch a cab or bus from Freeport to McLean'stown. It's about an hour ride. And then from MLAN'stown, um the house manager or any of the locals here can give you a ride to Sweding Key. You know, you have this house for rent, which is all brand new, completely renovated or brand new build actually. They've got an ice machine. They've got um fresh water, freshwater hose down outside, cleaning station. I mean, it's just this spot is amazing. Um and you don't have to have a boat here to have fun and explore. you know, you can hire uh somebody here in Swedings, a fisher, somebody who can guide you around, take you on one of their little skiffs, show you all the cool stuff. Um, and just even from the beach here, just walking the island, the stuff you can see is is pretty awesome. um you know, you compare a vacation to a place like Nassau or uh Biminy or you know, you're going to spend so much money and your experience is going to be non-comparable to what you can experience here in Sweden ski. I mean, this is the real Bahamas, the real out islands. And if you think anything in this video floats your boat, I've got links below um to connect to the burrows, this house, um maybe also to Herb Junior. Um I'll include as much as possible so that you guys can book a trip, think about visiting Sweding's Key. All right. Well, all good things must come to an end. I am getting ready to depart Sweding's Key. I got the boat loaded up. I got my magnificent piece of driftwood. Woo! It's the dragon. So, what I'm going to do now is, you're not going to believe it, but I have about half a gallon of gas left. Um, I'm going to just go really slow to get to McLean'stown and uh fuel up there and then make my way to West End. So, here we go. Okay. Can't even take me serious with these glasses on. I always bring backup everything. Backup sandals, backup sunglasses. I bought these at a gas station kind of as like a gag because they're so like I don't know like Pitbull 305 um Miami. So these are my backups. I let Shannon borrow my other ones yesterday and I forgot to get them. So now I'm pitbull 305ing it in the Bahamas. What do you guys think? Maybe I should make these part of my merch. I'll sell these glasses. How many of you guys would buy a bear? All right, so no sooner than we are wrapping up this amazing trip to the Bahamas. Shannon just let me know that the Albury has sunk at the dock. I don't know any details. Um, we've got minimal salvage stuff here. I'm about to make some calls, see what I can get. Um, but I'm already heading to West End. Shannon and the Posi are loading all their stuff up. So, now they're going to leave a day early. Um, we weren't they weren't supposed to leave till tomorrow morning early. I was going tonight to camp out in West End. So, well, you guys are going to see a sunken boat. Um, just got to come up with some ways. There's a lot of different ways to float a boat that's sunk. Um, a good thing for us, the good thing going is that it's at the dock tied up and it's a really sturdy, strong dock. So, um, I'm going to make some calls, get, uh, a couple basics essentials to float a boat. So hopefully uh it's going to be a long day because we have a weather window tomorrow to cross and we're towing that boat back tomorrow. So this could be an allnighter. I have no idea how this is going to turn out, but um we'll persevere. Cannons are clever. I've got some experience with this stuff. We'll come up with it. We got some help. So fingers crossed. heading to the plains town right now to fuel up and then I'm on my way straight to West End construction doing a big cruise ship board. your ships to land. It was picked up quite a bit. I'm I don't know about 5 miles from Lucaya waterway and I've just got a head seat that's just pounding me. Whoa. I can't mess up my 305 glasses. So, just going slow instead of beating up the boat. Thank goodness the Shannons met up with me. They took my two bins which had a bunch of my weight. It's got a bunch of gear, sleeping stuff. Um, so just going to keep steady cruising along. Hopefully in the next hour I'll make it to Lucaya waterway and uh I'm going to cut through and then run the north side of the island. It's just too rough out here. It's going to take me forever just so cool. A bunch of kids. Awesome. So, can't take me serious with these glasses. I can't take myself serious with those glasses. Um, you notice in the video just now, the boat is listing, meaning it's leaning to one side, and that can only mean one thing, that weight is disproportionate. Um, and the way that happens in a catamaran is that water's in one side. So, on these Twin VC cats, they're great boats, but the holes are made really thin, and I've already had to do repairs on the inside. They crack, and it doesn't crack all the way through, but it like delaminates. Um, cracks the gel coat. So, I've beefed those both both up. Originally, I thought it was from trailering, like hitting hard bumps. Um, needless to say, I kind of already know what what is going to happen here. I don't know if I can see it from here. I might have to hop in the water. You can't see. You can kind of see the edge of one of my repairs. Hey, hop in the water. Actually, the one I see looks like the right side, the starboard side. So, I'm do a quick dip and uh fingers crossed. But I mean, look at this. Right now, I'm standing center totally angled. So luckily these holes are these holes are filled with flotation foam. Um the entire length of the hole is filled with foam. So good job Twiny on that part. As far as the hole thickness, eh catamarans are tricky. You can't just lay them up thin. Um they take a lot of abuse, especially the center section. So I'm going to hop in the water. Yep. Um, pretty good size crack going probably about 3 ft where my reinforcement, you know, fiberglass is only as strong as the weakest spot. So, this is where we're at. We've got a cracked hole. Water is going into the hole. Clearly, part of it must be all the way through. Um, I wish I had a GoPro. I'd video it Um, but definitely when I knock on the bottom of the hole, I can hear the difference. Hollow on this starboard side, port side. When I knock on the bottom, it's like so definitely there's water inside even. So, um, yeah, I only have to cross the Gulf Stream tomorrow. might be a a slow and steady crossing to say the least. I'm kind of speechless right now. I've got a crack in the bottom of my boat almost 4t long. It is taking on water in the port side and I have to go back to Florida tomorrow morning. It's going to be an interesting evening. Oh, and update. Shannon has gotten to the Albury. He's there. Um he went out and got some uh a couple comealongs. I hope he's filming this process, but um needless to say, he's working on getting the Albury level and floated. So, we've got like a double whammy. We've got the Albury that's down. Literally, the Twin View will keep kicking. Um like I said, I've reinforced it. I've had it crack like this before. It didn't take water on though, so that is a little bit concerning. But, you know, it is a sealed deck and foam filled. So, any of the water that's in there has uh just probably seeped its way, you know, into whatever nooks and crannies. So, I'm not It probably sounds crazier than it is, but I'm not overly concerned. I can always go really slow and just take my time. So, I'm going to keep running up the waterway and make my way to the north side. All right, made it to West End. I don't know, about an hour. H still got some daylight left. It's about 6:30 p.m. So, made it. Um, now to check on the Aubry. They've been working on it. Um, they got some some gear, some comealongs I believe, and I don't know what else. Dodge pump. So, we'll be there in a minute. Check on the Aubbery. And the adventure continues. My eyes are trying to adjust. Pitbull 305s are throwing my eyes off. I I literally can't even like focus my eyes. Ah. Oh well. Okay, we'll be there soon. Oh my god, they've got it up. It looks like they have it floating. These are my people. Yes. These are my people right here. These are my people. Oh man. All right. Just finished fueling up the Oklahoma Bay fuel dock. Got there right before closing. It's literally just after 7 now. So, what we're going to do right now is go back to the Albury. We're going to take a quick look. Almost done bailing it out. Really try to find where this ingress of water is and then make the decision. We're talking about maybe daisy chaining the three boats together and just towing them at, you know, seven, eight knots behind the Jupiter, leaving, you know, ASAP hopping on the road. Um, but before we can even think about towing and leaving in the Gulf Stream, we need to make sure that the boat is uh not going to take on water uh at least not at a faster rate. So, that's what we're doing. Always an adventure. Dang Well, this is what we got going. We're about to We're about to cross the Gulf Stream. We got it all taken care of. Headed out. All right, good morning. I am back to Jensen. We made it last night. Took us about 5 hours. Quite the crossing. Uh first half was super smooth. Second half not so much. But not bad. Honestly, it was all beautiful conditions, but because Bahama Mama has that water logged hole. Um it just puts a lot of transom weight in that hole and makes Bahama Mama want to corpus with like the slightest bit of chop. So, it was a bouncy ride, but Bahama Mama made it. I hopped in the water right before departing, checked the crack. It didn't grow anymore, and we went for it. Um, the Albury towed. Awesome. Whoa. We got happening at the boat ramp. Um, so I'm at the boat ramp. Um, Shannon is on his way to the boat ramp right now with Bahama Mama. We got in about 1, a little after 1 last night and we're just whooped. We left the boats in the water last night. Shannon's on his way right now to the boat ramp. We're going to load Bahama up on the trailer. I'm going to show you guys the damage. You guys are going to freak out. Shannon's going to freak out. I'm sure right now on his way over, he's going, "What the heck?" He uh Yeah, it'll be interesting to see Shannon's thought when he pulls up. first thing he says. But needless to say, we made it safe and sound. The Alber is good. Everything went smooth. Teamwork makes the dream work. You know, when what considering what everybody went through yesterday, the amount of travel, uh, you know, we unexpectedly left Swedings early and made the whole trip in one day, Swedings all the way back to Florida. I think I had like 14 hours behind the tiller, so I really wanted to break it up between two days. Um, but you know, you go when the window weather window is best. We had the best weather window last night. Winds died down, winded our back. You can never complain about that. And, you know, 5 hours towing a boat. That's that's not bad for the distance we traveled. So, Shannon will be pulling up any minute. And, uh, we'll get this boat loaded. Well, he got Bahama Mama on plane. There's so much water in that hole, it's hard to get her on plane. Oh, I wish you could see in this video how much Bahama Mama lists and and turns to the side. Maybe you can see it. Maybe not. Come on, focus. man. Can you guys see that? I mean, it looks like it's just like he's turning, but he's going straight. How was that? on you all night. All night. It doesn't make a difference. Yeah. So, it's what I said. He asked if it was leaning so much all night. So, what happens is so even though it's balanced now, um the water logged hole is so heavy that it doesn't get on plane as much, the lightweight hole, Shannon, just lifts. So that's what makes it. So even if I put the fuel tank there, that hole just lifts out and the other one just dude, it's like you're on a hobic sailing. See how much water is pouring out of the hole. You look down there. Look down the center. Okay. A chunk on that one. Not a big deal. Oh, inside. Yeah, it's the whole bottom. You can't see it from here. Oh, wait. See the reflection? Yeah. Going in an angle like after the patch. So, it's the whole bottom of the patch and then going back another 2 and 1/2 3 ft. Time for some forest line. Oh man, I just wish these were made beefier. Oh, the balls. Oh, look at the bottom of this. Totally. Wow. That's a whole gap. This crack. I mean, we're talking five, six foot long. And this is where all that water was just flowing through. Look at that. Right into the inside of the boat. You can see it. Oh man. So, the piece of driftwood made it. Well, time to unload, clean everything. Um, I want to go over real quick just what carnage ended up happening on this trip. Um, so you guys saw the cracks on the inside of the hole. You know, I want to make it clear like this isn't a a crappy made boat. This is a a 17T Twin V. Um, you know, it's made to be lightweight, low horsepower, cruise around the rivers. It's not probably built to o do open water crossings. Um, and I definitely don't take it easy on my stuff. This, like I said, um, the boat is built well. It's not a bash on Twin V. I absolutely love this skiff. Um, they make nice boats. I wish they still made the 17. Twin V, make this 17. Um, the motor of course, the Suzuki 60, an absolute rockar. Carnage. Um, there it is. Not bad for all the shallow water stuff and hooliganism. Um, you know, Skike is perfect still. That's a plus. Now, this did this was driving me crazy. The hood kept popping on and off. Had no way to latch. Um because the piece that goes on the inside there, that rivet, I guess, broke. Um, so that was kind of a pain to be mid ocean and the the cowling the hood kept boom boom popping off and I'd have to stop and redo it and but other than that, I mean, this motor is an absolute soldier. It is just turnkey. Incredible fuel efficiency. Um, I mean, probably 8 to 10 miles per gallon I averaged the beginning before water logged. after being water logged a little over 5 miles per gallon and rough water. So, I mean, not bad. Still pretty amazing. Um, thank you little motor for getting me home and for having an awesome trip. And of course, this is another MVP, my little spot um tracking device. I run two of these. I mentioned it at the beginning of this video, but this gives a lot of peace of mind. uh and really gives a lot of peace of mind for my friends and family as well. So, thank you, Spot. Well, it is the end of the day on my first day back from the Bahamas. I wanted to share with you guys what I usually do my my day back, especially when it's been a lot of tiller driving or maybe stressful situation or just exhausting mentally, physically. So crossing and doing, you know, 170 mi in a day on tiller in rough weather, uh, or even a short distance that's just stressful, it's taxing on you. Um, I usually spend my second day cleaning up, recuperating. Um, I guess um, decompressing, but at the same time compressing. You know, I I do like to make some notes. So, I've got a little book that I uh just take notes of how the trip was. Uh what I would have done different um maybe something I forgot, maybe something I wish I had. Um you know, by writing these things down on your trips, even if this is like a day trip going out on your boat, you really can dial in what things to have with you. Um especially for what you do as a boater. So for me, you know, it was ironic for I had almost everything I needed um for the Albury, it sinking and towing it and you know, just a couple little things that were instrumental that really helped. Um but I like to reflect at the end of the day um and really just think about the trip and what I took from it. um you know did I align with what I intended to do? You know again what would I have done different and what things um I might do different in the future what I learned from and you know the positives of the trip. So this trip was uh definitely everything I hoped it would be. It's always fun for me to share a place that's special uh with friends that have never been before. And although Brian and his family didn't make it due to rough weather, um, and that was a real bummer, um, the Shannons made it and they got to experience Sweding's K, meet new friends, learn some new things, get to see and appreciate the beauty of Sweding's Ki and all of East End Grand Bahama. So, that was huge for me first and foremost. Um, second, I guess I don't think I set my record for how long I've been driving a tiller, but it's pretty far up there. And when you're in these challenging conditions where you just think you don't have any more left in you, and then it's like, well, I got to go farther. You really learn to embrace being uncomfortable and just figuring out who you are as a a waterman, as a boater, as a diver, whatever it may be. And, you know, to to, you know, that's a plus for me. I I like being pushed out of my comfort zone um cuz I know that I'm going to grow from it. And so this was a trip that um you know while it aligned on a lot of things I mean a lot went on in this trip way more than I anticipated um but you know you kind of have to expect that. So when all the things come you roll with the punches and you just let the trip happen. You make the best for what you can. Try to be resourceful. try to step back, be calm, and really just be in the moment and I guess like I said, make the most of of, you know, make a lot of lemonade with those lemons. So, I think we made a lot of lemonade in this trip, no doubt. And I'm glad to share it with you. It was this was a little different, a little more personal than I usually get in sharing my trips and what I do and my friends involving them, but um but nonetheless, I I hope you guys enjoyed tagging along. I know I didn't film everything. I tried to film as much as possible. Maybe the bad weather days, you know, you guys didn't get to see like it does rain in the Bahamas and thunder and it's nasty and um but I think we we all made the most of everything. So, uh, overall it was a big success. Everybody's safe, no hospital trips. Um, no broken boats and, uh, you know, we marked it as a a great time. Uh, got to spend time with friends and get to know them better and just really enjoy the beautiful Bahamas. I hope you guys enjoyed this video and thanks for joining us and coming along for the ride. I could tell you to subscribe, to like, to comment, but you know, I only want you guys to do that stuff if you feel compelled. It does help the channel and subscribing is free, so it does mean the world to me when you do comment. And well, thank you again and I'll see you guys soon.

  Top Comments:
  1. @daveclark8726 [3 likes]: Boynton Inlet Florida to  West End Bahamas is about 52 miles.
  2. @yoyou3168 [2 likes]: You might get blown up by Trump and Hegseth.... be careful
  3. @raymondbrowder6770 [1 likes]: That looks likes Barney’s yard from skipper shipper
  4. @ridawiscowgirl [1 likes]: You silly boy.
  5. @slaw8609 [1 likes]: So cool! Just found your channel You guy's from Townsend ?
  6. @drbonefish [1 likes]: Awesome video, glad you all had a good safe trip
  7. @steve26791: Crazy Trip
  8. @Beachnative42: Many moons ago I was flown to Elbow Cay and stayed with Roger Sweeting. The surf wasn't great but surf pro Scott Brill and I surfed the lone peak for a bit. Roger took us diving for conchs. I even ran into a high school friend, Trish Rusosco at the Abaco Inn.  At that time Roger looked like TV star Benny Hills twin, LOL.
  9. @AustinH123: Where is part two, I would love to see the build and how efficient you can make the boat!
  10. @dirkboom960: Someone wrote you have balls of steel. I agree and would like you to keep them ;) Please always wear a life preserver and you kill switch. To me that's mandatory.
  11. @B.C.010: nice video
  12. @sold9603: Bro this video is awesome ......
  13. @wildheartxxx135: Hi are you still crossing?
  14. @dougjeter2951: Buy a jet ski and do a Bahamas trip.  I would come join.   Buy a Yamaha fx cruiser.
  15. @signelengis: They should build them where the walls blow off but the corners stay and raise them high up to avoid the storm swell.
  16. @lilypondgarage2968: I stumbled upon this channel while freezing my butt of in NewHampshire looking for ideas of places to check out in Florida and been binge watching this guys channel i love the low buck approach and positive attitude, people can learn a lot from guys like this first lesson you don’t need a 300k center console and a ton of money to experience the Bahamas.
  17. @redfox5305: Hey man can you teach me how to do something like this, I have a 13ft Boston whaler
  18. @katielantz6712: Maann you are livin the dream! Id love to be able to do this, currently in IL -15 degrees lol
  19. @plussolutions8346: Im from that island..Respect brother🇧🇸...Thanks for passing thru....Great video
  20. @Ophoo5: I wonder how much faster these boats would get there if they had a winged keel for lift

- Bahamas Recap,  Boat Life in the Bahamas: Exumas, Hidden Islands & Unexpected Challenges: Kind: captions Language: en Time for a little of Bahamas recap. We left I don't know what day, right before Christmas. On night one, Kyota and I fell in the water. I was trying to get around the the shore under like a seawall. And we both ended up falling in. I had my phone in my pocket and I ruined my phone. So that was a great start to the to the season. Kyota and I both got back in the dinghy. Went for a walk, you know, up and down the I ruined my phone. Luckily I had this iPhone. And the saving grace of a phone is what I record all my videos on, so. After that, went over to a Freeport area, Lucaya, and we spent 3 weeks there. We had a hot tub at a marina, food, and had a great time with friends, playing games. I did some boat projects. We put in new batteries there. We ended up getting a rat on our boat, and I'll post the video I'll post the link, but we had a damn rat on the boat, and it took me 4 weeks to catch that little sucker. He was awful. He eluded all of my traps. He was the smartest little rat. Finally got him. We were in Devil's Cay at Flo's Diner or Flo's Conch Bar. When we caught that rat, I had a video recording of him there at Flo's. It was quite the quite the scene. So from Flo's, we went down to the Exumas. We had a great time in the Exumas. All the normal stuff, Staniel Cay, the big pearl, Musha Cay, Rudder Cut. We had a good time. Oh, we went to Little Farmers for the first time ever. Uh had a great time, you know, at Little Farmers. Uh it was a nice nice island, very friendly island. After Little Farmers, we went up to uh Oh, yeah, we went back up to Wardrick Wells. We spent some time at Wardrick Wells this season again. Wardrick is great great spot. It It's land and sea park. Uh if you've never been to Wardrick, uh you should definitely go. Uh we had a great time there. From Wardrick, we went up to Shroud, to the washing machine. That's always fun. From there, we went up to Spanish Wells, one of our favorite spots. We love Spanish Wells. Um we went to one of the largest sandbars, you know, in the Bahamas. We rented golf carts, went around all the bars on Spanish Wells and Russell Island. We ended up going to back to the Bluff, so we rented a car and went to Preacher's Cave, and we went to uh the Glass Window Bridge. We went to a restaurant that we never been to called Daddy Joe's. Sorry, Daddy Joe's. It's phenomenal. We love Daddy Joe's. Definitely going back there again. Uh it's right near the Queen's Bath. You can probably walk there from the acreage. Uh and we probably will next year. And the Queen's Bath, we love the Queen's Bath. Uh next season, we are definitely spending more time at the Queen's Bath. We want to take our beach chairs and go and just sit at the at the Queen's Bath and watch the watch the waves crash. You know, we could spend a few hours doing that. Um it's It's a great place. So, that'll be next season doing more time at at uh the Queen's Baths, hopefully. after Spanish Wells, we had to boogie back over to Berry Islands Great Harbor, spend another week there. We went to Shark Creek, had some time at Shark, and after Shark, we had to get to Bimini and and then make our crossing. So, that was it. That was a wrap. We uh we thank you all for watching our videos. Um we uh we really enjoy it. It's fun. Uh we had a great season, and we're looking forward to taking you up the East Coast of the United States and then around the Down East Circle Loop. Uh I hope you all enjoy it. Let me know if you enjoy it, and uh we'll go from there. Thank you all, and we'll see you soon.

  Top Comments:
  1. @NDNovak [1 likes]: Love seeing the drone shots, time lapses, and outtakes… and of course all the movie quotes.
  2. @rl8992 [1 likes]: Look forward to following. Interested in DECL 2027.
  3. @JoyMoyle: Great season - great video recap!

- How to repair and service a watermaker on a sailboat. Sailing Q&A 4: Kind: captions Language: en this is from David Duncan wondering what kind of water maker you have sounds great that you only draw 8 amps and get that amount of water which is 35 l so which water maker is it so we've had a water maker on board esper for the last 8 years now and we opted for the shanka 35 modular it's run pretty well although it did run into a few problems which shanka have since addressed uh more on that in a moment first of all what is a water maker and how does it work so in a nutshell a water maker takes salt water and it converts it to freshwat and it does this by putting the salt water under extremely high pressure about 800 PSI or 55 bar and by pushing this through a very very small hold membrane it allows the water molecules to get through the holes but it manages to hold back grit dirt bacteria and viruses so only fresh water is allowed through the membrane as it's pushed through at extremely high pressure and the rest of the salt water the byproduct is just dispensed over the side of the boat so how is a Shanker water maker different to a normal water maker well I mentioned that you need that high pressure uh the 55 bar or 800 PSI and normally to attain that you need a high pressure pump to get that kind of pressure but the shanko water maker has this energy recovery free system so it takes in the water pressure to round about 5 bar puts it through the 5 micron filter and it then goes through this energy recovery system it actually increases the pressure hydraulically by about 10 times so it attains that pressure through its special uh system so what this means is is that we don't need a high press pump we only need the low pressure pump and the uh result of that of course is that you don't need as much power so our model runs at 8 amps and is able to produce 35 L of water um most other water makers to get that same uh amount of output per hour you normally have a high pressure pump which means more amps so water makers could be described as a necessary evil they're wonderful when they work I mean we produce so much water that we can make as much tea and coffee as we want and we can have showers and we can even do clothes washing as well the end dependence that it offers you is amazing second only to solar panels but the problem is of course like most things on boats they go wrong and when water makers go wrong they go properly wrong the problem we had with shanker's design was that it has this uh polypropylene uh block which allows the Piston to drive the water through and within that block in the original design there were around about 12 O-rings within the actual cavity itself and and of course over time these O-rings will disintegrate the problem is when they disintegrate you stop making fresh water and eventually the actual piston itself will stop moving through it now I'm happy to say that shanka have addressed this problem and they have their model 2.0 and they've done away with these 12 O-rings and they've used these four super strong uh thicker Rings inside that cavity which uh apparently called to Shanker were made with nanot technology don't ask anyway as you may know if you'd watched our previous episodes we attempted to uh repair our water maker because it was getting pressure build up and we failed miserably so the first problem was that we had this old design so we had to get this new design uh sent over from the UK the second problem was that the fittings were slightly different so enter Phil Bender of prestige Marine Phil is a longtime expat uh resident of puket and he's got a lot of experience in both the yachting and the mechanical industry when I met Phil he had literally just become the shanka dealer for Thailand so Phil hadn't yet gone over to Italy which is where the factory is based to have his induction course so when he came over he didn't really know much about shanka water makers I knew a little bit more but of course with Phil's experience and his background it meant that when we knocked two heads together two heads being better than than one we were able to sit down and tackle the problems that we faced in trying to refurbish our Shanker water maker so first we had to take the water maker apart uh like most things when you know what you're doing it's pretty straightforward uh here's a time lapse of me dismantling the water maker and you'll see even in the time lapse there are four Central horizontal rods that hold the unit together and these take quite a long time to undo we'll come on to that later [Music] all right so Phil's arrived and uh I've just been um loing our heads together I couldn't in the instruction manual uh to put the Pistons on the rod uh we need to purge any air that is collected here however it seems as if uh these are a newer design because they have a hole drilled in here and a hole inside which when you blow into uh releases the air on top of that the new piston appears to have some uh grooves cut into it so that when you push it on again any excess air is going to be purged so we believe that we don't need to do the fishing line trick which would have been to have wrapped a bit of fishing line around here pop this on and pull the fishing line out to get rid of any excess air so we think we can get away with just popping them back on agreed and if it goes wrong blame me so after putting the assembly back together we put the water maker back in place turned it on we had the same problem there was pressure buildup there was no fresh water coming out of the machine and it ended up blowing up at that weakest leak once again what are your initial thoughts on that well we've had a bit of a discussion on this and my thoughts are perhaps because it's been sitting pickled and idle for quite number of of months or or even years um without a lot of use it perhaps may be a problem with the uh with the membranes themselves and now whether we can take them out and clean them and decalcify them if there's calcium buildup in them or or use an alkaline if there's a fungal build up in them um I have to look into that but to me that seems The Logical situation that we've replaced all the parts in the amplifier or the the pump amplifying pump um and we're still getting a pressure buildup so there's it's not allowing enough water to go through the membranes that's my thoughts on it anyway so I think the next step is to see if we can clean them and if not um you know if they if we pull them apart and find that they are not the way they should be we have to replace them unfortunately you you know someone in the area who maybe have to help out yeah yeah I've got a friend of mine who's done a bit of work on shankus and I'm admitt the new to the job I've just taken on the franchise so I'm been under your instruction today which has been great so you we we'll we're learning together and we'll fix the problem together that night Phil spent the evening uh talking to Shanker on the phone and by email learning as he went because remember for Phil this was a new experience for him and he found that I had put the wrong pistons on that central unit when I received that Central block I've been sent some new Pistons so water maker repairs part 28 uh Phil has very kindly come down with the new parts and we are replacing the uh first of all we're looking at the uh the lower part here and uh they've changed the materials and the O-ring setup and the center block here um and uh so we've just we've swapped out the old one which is just there on the right and we're just putting in the new one um we need to reassemble this first uh before we put the uh the O-rings in the top the top unit will then sit on top of this and we'll put that in after we've bolted this back into the case um I think that's pretty much it for that one it's a little bit fiddly we got to take the rods out uh that can take a while but um I think we're pretty much there so let's reassemble this one fill and uh we'll P it back into into place see what we're can do eh okay so those Pistons are the correct ones now yeah yeah old Pistons okay okay great so the lower unit is in place uh it's held in underneath with four alen bolts underneath the unit which we've now put in we've reconnected uh this hose here and field is now just putting in the uh the O-rings which sit on the top of the lower middle block and of course uh these line up with the the upper block here which you can see which is upside down and uh fortunately this design there is only one way around that this can go uh we think we think I like that so now that we had the water maker sorted it was time to put it back together now remember I mentioned those rods earlier that hold the unit in place that took an age to put together well Phil came up with an ingenious idea that cut some Corners can you just tell us a bit about your brain wave this new patented tool you've developed okay well working with you yesterday Jamie we realized it a a long process of putting the uh the bars in that actually hold the uh the bottom unit together and uh you've got to screw all these this shaded bar right through with nuts on it and I said to you yesterday I said well what we need here is a socket on this with an electric drill so I'm back again on the job today guess what I've got now all I've done is I found a 10 mil bolt and this is actually a brass one so it's not going to rust it's good for for the work and you can see I've ground two of the flats off and that fits perfectly into the end of our 17 mil socket nice and snug and actually doesn't even fall off so now we can really get to business with our threaded bars and have them done up in no time at all so Jamie if you ever see him in the Pacific and you need your shank of water maker fixed he's got all the tricks up his sleeve now genius that little trick worked a treat so with the water maker now back in place the question is is it going to work it works a

  Top Comments:
  1. @youngypaul [1 likes]: Phill is a champion. He did some work on my boat too. Highly recommend!
  2. @jackiehowlett2449 [1 likes]: What is pickering?
  3. @sailingcruiser25 [1 likes]: Awesome thank you so much for that information!    Glad you finally figured out the issue.
  4. @stevedickinson5885 [1 likes]: Great episode, very well put together. Have a question about solar power. Don't know if you have seen what Elon Musk is doing with solar roof tiles but wondered if an adaption of that concept would be viable to "roof" a boat with  much more surface area than is possible with fixed sized solar panels.
  5. @svroysjoy5538 [1 likes]: Another great informative vid of how it is not all easy sailing - 
Ive seen a petrol version of a water maker [mobile unit] have you any experience of these - rated output of 140ltr per hour just cant find the link i had
  6. @charliegracie3576 [1 likes]: Here's a Q for your Q&A: I know it's a morbid subject but what is your plan if one of you passes away while you are at sea. Has this been discussed?
  7. @gasguzzler69 [1 likes]: good video, nice to watch 2 blokes using their brains and working it out.
not enough of the channels show this kind of stuff.
it broken what do we do ?
well fix it or at least give it a go.
cheers davo.
  8. @Doyle-Nutbush [1 likes]: Jamie, you have a truck load of patience.  I would have still been cursing those parts whilst putting it back together .
  9. @jonathank5289 [1 likes]: Do you guys make sure to take lots of supplements when drinking lots of water from the water maker. There is another couple sailing around the world and she hates drinking water from the water maker do to it being stripped of all minerals etc. My understanding is Liz never had children so the issues with suffering brittle bones is far lower than a woman who has had multiple children. The wife in this couple basically gets all the bottled spring water during long passages or when clean water isn't easily found.
  10. @laurentfroggy6631 [1 likes]: very interesting Jamie. thanks for sharing. best from Hong Kong
  11. @alchik1 [1 likes]: Useful information!
  12. @BeachBow [1 likes]: You're lucky you only had the salt to deal with. At my beach house, we had the sulfur oxide to deal with. Had to process the water with 36% Hydrogen Peroxide to knock down the sulfur. Then pass it thru a charcoal filter to knock down any residual peroxide before passing it thru a high pressure osmosis system. 10 gal of water produces 2 gal of fresh water, and 8 gal of "bad" discharge. A very expensive proposition costing about $400 a month in chemicals. Do yall ever catch rain water?
  13. @MumpingVillain1776 [1 likes]: A watermaker would sure be nice.  It does seem that they are fiddly creatures that take a lot of maintenance to keep them in operation though.   We don't really have the room to set one up on our smaller 35' boat, or the extra power to run it right now, so we are planning to try going without.   It might be a trial conserving water though.  Fresh water is a precious commodity on a sailboat. 

Nice video on your watermaker and your efforts to keep it running in top notch condition.  I'm getting really spoiled having a new FollowTheBoat video every day to watch.
  14. @Duh6666666 [1 likes]: I'm really liking these videos, thanks!
  15. @douglasmontgomery6315 [1 likes]: Design looks similar to Spectre / Katadyne
  16. @frankgrant3260 [1 likes]: I have a question for the Q&A. Being new to the idea of being a live aboard, other than passports and inoculation shots what else is needed to be able to hop from one country to the other on a boat? What kind of issues do you have to deal with with customs?
  17. @kubuli100 [1 likes]: Thanks jamie
  18. @michaelread2067 [1 likes]: For me, Jamie, bestest as here when you're technical. You're a natural.
  19. @BobbieGWhiz [1 likes]: Any watermakers known for their simplicity, durability, and ease of maintenance and repair, or are they all similarly challengingly?
  20. @normanboyes4983: Great and informative video. But, are you absolutely sure the RO process filters out bacteria? I though you need a final stage UV steriliser to achieve that.

- How A Watermaker Works (Explained in 5min) *SeaWater Pro Watermaker Installed On A Sailboat*: Kind: captions Language: en clean ocean water from below my water line is here at the through hole ready to be sucked in to begin the process that clean ocean water from outside now comes up through the through hole under here to a diverter valve this diverter valve now brings the sea water around and through a sea strainer this will strain the raw sea water and get out any debris as it's now clean enough to flow through a boost pump this boost pump must be below the water line and this will give pressure to the rest of the system we'll follow this line up through the wall up all the way under and into here goes through a one-way check valve going into my two pre-filters a 20 micron and then a 5 micron filter once it goes through that we'll see this little pressure gauge here which will let us know that it is correctly feeding the right amount of water into the system now that the raw ocean water has been cleaned enough it'll come down through here around and feed into the main pump this pump is a rather large one horsepower ac motor although they also come in dc motors as well this will pressurize the system up to 700 psi the required amount going through this high pressure line it then enters the membrane on this side pressurizing the outside of the membrane with sea water then water that does go through will be purified fresh water not allowing the salt to go through the membrane as it passes through on this side we get the collection of the different waters the brine water will go out this way and be ejected out the boat the product water will come up this way and go through this system this setup over here is very important this is what you use to adjust the amount of pressure and you want your psi again to be up at 700 this gauge will then tell us how much product water or fresh water is coming out through the system this monitor that is attached to that will tell us how many parts per million are on there the beginning of the product water comes through here to this diverter valve before the water reaches the correct amount of parts per million and still has some salinity to it it will go out here and follow the discharge of the brine water once the water is pure enough this switch will now be flipped and this water will go directly back into the tanks that's it that's how freshwater is made with a seawater pro water maker there are a couple of the functions that the water maker can do in order to keep the membrane clean you cannot just run it and then leave it indefinitely you have a couple of options first off you could run it every other day up to every third day that will push through any potential growth keeping the membrane and your pre-filters clean second you can run your own purified water through the whole system killing anything in here that would be living in the salt water and third you can make a pickling solution that will go through all of your system and just like the name suggests it will pickle it ensuring that no life can grow inside there a pickled water maker can be stored effectively indefinitely a water maker that has its fresh water run through it can be stored approximately a week and a non-cleaned water maker needs to be run every other to every third day to ensure there's no growth and doesn't harm the system another option to make fresh water is if you're at a marina but you don't want to actually suck up and use the sea water that's around you or move your boat you attach one of these into the system a carbon filter from the hose provided at the marina this will remove things like chlorine that would be detrimental to the system you would plug it into here and this then would go with a push to connect quick connect pex pipe that quick to connect would then go right here into another one way it would not be able to go down because of this other one way and they would then be running the purified water through your pre-filters like before getting into the correct psi feeding it to the boost pump going through the membrane and giving you your product water just like you would normally following this diagram instructions from seawater pro you can see just how easy this system is raw water comes in from the ocean goes to a sea strainer so it doesn't clog up your boost pump boost pump which is below your water line because it does not solve priming will then go through this this one-way valve here going into your two different pre-filters you'll then see you're at the right psi that can feed into your main pump this main pump will then pressurize the system up to 700 psi going into the system here this membrane that is doing the actual work of separating the salt water with the fresh water will literally filter out the sea water that's all it's doing salt water passes over the outside and any pressurized water that can which becomes your fresh water makes it through into the center the two different waters your product water and the brine water are then separated here at the end brine water going overboard being discharged fresh water once it's ready from the t-valve will then be diverted into your tanks i hope you found this helpful as a quick run through of how simple and easy these seawater pro water makers are to use if you have any questions feel free to reach out and i'll see if i can help

  Top Comments:
  1. @torresdelpaine8888 [3 likes]: Would be nice if you could have discussed the cost to build your system, including maintenance costs for filter replacement, replacement of the salt separator cartridge, and volumes of water per unit time that you are able to produce. Do you use this water strictly for drinking, or for toilets, showers, cooking, drinking, washing, etc?  What is the quality of water (purity) that you are able to reliably and consistently produce?
  2. @rski1036 [2 likes]: How would the brine flush work ??
  3. @LiveFreeOz [1 likes]: Good job. Very well explained 👍👍
  4. @RichardDidizian [1 likes]: ❤ jn3 16amenamenamen...thankyou very kindly captain skipper ahoy...lov you all...for teaching me my beginnings...of how to...before I boat my lil happy vessel on our Lord open sea...much lov to alll...dobby
  5. @5245jah [1 likes]: So it's a pressurized reverse-osmosis system
interesting
  6. @akbeal [1 likes]: Did you figure out what caused it to start failing in the Bahamas recently Dan?
  7. @vinyldown8490 [1 likes]: nice video. i could imagine this would be expensive but not 4k expensive :P  

thanks
  8. @mkeane101 [1 likes]: excellent. Thanks.
  9. @marcb6896 [1 likes]: Thank you - glad there were no frills - just provided the answers wanted and also mentioning things I wouldn’t have know to ask (like water from a marina)
  10. @rubikfan1 [1 likes]: All these rules seems like automation could be a real hero here.
  11. @wakaspatel8405 [1 likes]: Thanks, but i have a question when we get a product water and it flows through diverter valve and it has some salinity left which get discharged with brine water after that the valve is flipped hut how do we know that there is still salinity left and when do we turn that valve to get that fresh water product???
  12. @5678plm: Straight to the point, with the exact details needed and no embellishment done. This is exactly what I was looking for. This video will be useful even 100 yrs from now.
  13. @stawara11: Them dang Vikings make us look like fools….
  14. @Abushanb-123: Nice
  15. @skypucktrader9909: Outstanding video. Thanks for taking the time to make it.
  16. @rafwhy9888: why would chlorine be detrimental to the system?
  17. @stevepritchard9544: Top man, thanks for making that really sensible for the non water maker users. Very sseful and very well explained. Much Appreciated.
  18. @IshmaelSpann-fl1zx: May i ask what is inside the final filter?
  19. @juanzayas3844: Fantastic video. So clear. I appreciate you din not dumb it down “Barney Style”
  20. @brianmason8597: Your R/O water flows into your water tank. Do you install a switch inside the tank to shut the water maker off when it's full.

- How to make Water on a Sailboat (and how to Build your own Watermaker) - 4 years later review: Kind: captions Language: en over three years ago back in 2019 we realized that if we wanted to cruise the Mediterranean without having to rely on very expensive marinas for water we would need a water maker the problem is is that with Spectra water makers starting at seven thousand dollars an even cheaper brands starting at five thousand we simply did not have the budget to invest in popular off-the-shelf brands water makers are fairly simple systems and here's how they work essentially a water maker is a fancy name for a big filtration system it filters all the stuff that you do not want to drink out of the water such as salts and impurities a water maker does that in two steps the first one via a regular filtration system like the one you would find under your sink or in a Brita jug the second one with a reverse osmosis membrane reverse osmosis is the process by which salt water is pushed at very high pressure through a semi-permeable membrane to remove salt and all other kind of nasty stuff that you wouldn't want to drink here's how we make it work on a boat saltwater gets in the boat via a regular through haul which is first filtered through a sea water strainer that will remove the potential bigger crud that may come in with the sea water such as seaweed and shark poop the water then goes through a boost pump to push it to the next part of the system next we have a one-way valve which will come in handy later in the process but we'll talk about that more in a moment for now our seawater is going to go through a series of two water filters the first one a 20 micron filter which will filter out any particulate bigger than 20 microns and the second filter a 5 micron filter which will filter you guessed it anything bigger than 5 microns at this point the water is a bit cleaner but still salty and gross so now we're going to pump it at very high pressure through our reverse osmosis membrane first it will go through a high pressure pump which will shoot the water into a high pressure hose at 800 PSI for comparison our boost pump pumps out water between 2.5 and 4 PSI so yeah it's a lot of pressure okay so now we've reached the point at which the magic happens our high pressure hose is connected to a high pressure vessel into which our reverse osmosis membrane lives on the other end of the high pressure vessel we have the crossroads this is where fresh water gets separated from all the nasties on one end the fresh water comes out and on the other end the salty discharge called the brine by slowly cranking up the control valve we control the pressure through the membrane until it goes up to between 800 and 1000 PSI our fresh water will first go through a flow meter to give us an indication of how much fresh water is being produced then through a TDS monitor TDS standing for total dissolved solids which gives a measure of the amount of minerals salts metals and other particulate present in the water its TDS shows anything above a thousand parts per million it's considered unacceptable as drinking water according to the World Health Organization and anything under 300 parts per million is considered excellent so that's what we're aiming for so that's it now we've made fresh water from seawater using parts that you can buy at a hardware store but our water maker isn't complete yet in order to preserve the Integrity of the membrane the system needs to be flushed regularly kind of like a toilet it's a bad joke so here's how we do that first we connect a timer that's connected to our water tanks on Polar seal we have our timer set to flush our system for 10 minutes every Sunday at 11AM so now you know well then we have our house water go through a charcoal filter to eliminate potential traces of chemicals such as chlorine which the membrane of the water maker is particularly sensitive to then the water goes through a one-way valve which we mentioned earlier and runs through the system that we just described starting with a 20 and 5 Micron filters the high pressure pump and the membrane purpose of the one-way valve is to protect the house water from potential salt water contamination because well it comes from the same place and that's it that's exactly how a Water Maker Works so after a lot of research I realized a few companies sell water maker kits that are made of parts that you would find in whatever hardware store around for a fraction of the price of an off-the-shelf system like a Spectra or shineker obviously you have to assemble the kit yourself but at the price point given the incredible Vantage that making our own water represents it's worth it for us buying a DIY kit made the math work as we could recoup the cost of having to go to marinas to fill up our water tanks within a season so in December 2019 we ordered a water maker kit from seawater Pro our water maker is a 12 volt 20 gallon or 60 liter per hour kit that contains all the parts one would need to install a fixed water maker on board the kit comes with a low pressure and high pressure pump a reverse osmosis membrane three pre-filters all the piping you need and even an auto flush system initially we installed the version without a control panel and I would go into the garage where our water maker is installed and operate it each time we wanted to make water did not find this to be any inconvenience and again at the price point in considering the tremendous value of making water on board we didn't care the installation itself went pretty smooth but I shall warn you if you intend on installing a water maker on your sailboat no matter if it's an off the shelf or a DIY kit set aside a few days for the install preferably at a dock and prepare for a few showers it's completely normal I remember one point when I was tightening one of the fittings and the system was pressurized which you should never do okay that was a big mistake I made the thing burst in my face and unfortunately the camera wasn't on because that would have made for some great comedy the hardest part of the installation honestly is to figure out where you will install all the different parts but once you've figured it out it's surprisingly straightforward I made a video about the installation you can check it out in the link above myself on the screen a year after our initial installation seawater Pro added a remote control panel to its product offering and we chose to install it in the galley which turned out to be a massive life changer in terms of how easy it would be to operate our water maker so how does it perform well our water maker produces about 20 gallons or 60 to 70 liters per hour depending on the temperature and the salinity of the seawater we typically run it for about one to one and a half hours every other day it draws 60 to 70 amps with our 12 volt system however we try to time Water Production for when the sun is at its peak with our solar array pumping in 30 to 50 amps when the sun is at its peak we normally draw 20 to 30 amps from the battery when the water maker is on of course this depends on the size of the solar setup we have used it in clean ocean water in extremely dirty Lagoon water of Saint Martin with great success however Sophie has asked me to tell you that you really shouldn't run it excessively in Gross water good tip having the capacity to produce our own water on a budget has completely changed our lives as we have gained self-sufficiency enormously it's also increased the Comfort on board by allowing us to take daily showers even during long ocean Crossings with crew and we were even able to install a small washing machine on board the washing machine will be the subject of another three year later review but for now I just wanted to say how life-changing making water on board has been but what we love most about our water maker is how convenient it is to maintain or repair when something goes awry because we do not have to rely on proprietary Parts as would be the case with a off-the-shelf system I can find parts in every single hardware store that we visit even in the most remote places of the world which obviously in the context of Our Lives is a great Advantage I can buy replacement parts and filters anywhere and honestly I haven't had to do a lot of repairs on a rare occasion I had some pipe Spurs but that was 100 my fault so take this as a friendly reminder that you should always open the seacocks and inlets before turning your water maker on the repairs have always been very easy as the pipe is really not hard to find and Mike at seawater pro has always been super helpful when I've had any questions and over the years I've seen him a Justice product to make it better and more dependable which is pretty cool but this wouldn't be a real honest review if I didn't tell you about some of the cons of the system first it takes more power than a Clark pump which you find on a lot of off-the-shelf systems for our part our electrical system can support our water maker ease easily so this really isn't a problem next some people may find the system a bit noisy but no water maker is silent and it does not run permanently just a few hours every few days but in our eyes the pros largely outweigh the cons being the system is generally inexpensive compared to a lot of others and makes making water on board affordable it's easy to get parts everywhere in the world even in remote parts of the world which is great for us easy to install and troubleshoot but above all else it makes great tasty water I have thought a couple of times about changing our system to a 220 volt AC system so that I can have two membranes in double our production but I think I'll keep that for Polar seal number two and yes polar seal number two will definitely be equipped with another seawater Pro water maker as we simply find it to be the best value around so my final grade for the seawater Pro water maker kit is a solid a plus totally recommended and if you're considering getting one do it in the meantime let us know if you'd like us to review more of our equipment on board and if you'd like to support the production of these videos directly consider joining our patreon page until next time [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @CaptainKimmer [11 likes]: I’m a little confused, the price seems fairly high still. I thought we were talking like $1500. Not 5,000 still. What am I missing
  2. @Flavius-Tech [8 likes]: You said is a fraction of cost, but the system is starting from 4k, and easy goes to 5k if we add stainless steel filters.
  3. @jasongutierrez8642: ❤
  4. @Structural_Revolution: make and buying one is two different thing. thanks fdor wasting my time for your greed. are you a narcissist?
  5. @dd-ln3nl: So after high pressure pump. Is the water tube become much narrower ?
  6. @yourademshin3182: Ryan, Thank you so much for this great video very good info!!! Thank You !!!
  7. @joshaklese4969: Not to split hairs but you said "Water Maker is a big fancy word for a water filtration system".
Lets break it down. 
Water Maker = Basic         Water Filtration System = Big Fancy multiple words.
  8. @mymobile5014: Why did you choose a 12 volt model rather than a 230 volt model? The 230 volt model uses less power overall, but maybe you wanted to avoid relying on an inverter?
  9. @traveltime997: A few misstatements...
  10. @SolSeekerLiFe: Excellent video! You're one of those amazing types of teachers who make the viewer think, "I could probably pull this off." So many others make one think, "I am out of my depth and should just wait until I can pay a professional to do this." Thank you!
  11. @WAVEGURU: Haha, you called it a semi permenable membrane....
  12. @claudiogiovingo4903: I made my own Sea WM, all in SS316L, including the triplex pump, and a electrical epoxy coated motor from WEB, all filters, tds reader 2 sensors, gauges and valves , also including a soft starter, to be able to run it with my IU2000 Gen.   And all the cost , was near 4k$, it makes 1 lts plus per minute,  builted in 2020, i designed for 1 lts per minute
  13. @hefr1553: But dont these kits still cost 4k? At least the ones you linked.
  14. @marcostapia5250: Hi. Can you give us infortmaiton about the high preassure pump and the elecgtric motor? Thanks in advance.
  15. @sanketnarharshettiwar5822: How much the diy kit cost as I cannot see the diy kit on website
  16. @fpvsky2887: Great video thank you except next time you should include the costs so we have some idea.
  17. @aquious953: Brand made kits arent DIY. They are very expensive ($7,000) compared to an actual DIY WM 1.5K. You're essentially paying 5× for a company to assemble widely available parts for you.
  18. @nickd698: I had a look on the sea water pro website and they still cost a fortune! This is clearly a sponsored video!
  19. @maszynyszwalnicze7427: Super, Thank you so much for sharing all this!
  20. @potuspeck6991: And this cost 4000$😂

- Village Marine water maker repair: Kind: captions Language: en how bad is my hair is it horrible this will make it better ready on the next episode of Chief engineer's log is what broke today you live on a boat things break are you cutting off my head it looks like you're cutting off my head no okay is um the water maker and I haven't done a video about the water maker yet we've used it and made probably 150 200 gallons so far which is pretty good considering makes five gallons of water an hour which is just a trickle for all you land lovers but for all of us that live out here in the middle of this this wonderful saltwater world for five gallons an hour can make all the difference in the world so we were making a little power yesterday and um the water maker goes like how's it going and then it made a what noise huh [Music] you guys probably want me to do that again right stop stop everybody's screaming stop but but nobody's moving towards stopping no Biden's moving towards stopping it's like stop it wasn't Hammer Time I'm still cutting off my head yeah yes told you you were cutting off my head I think he's trying to cut off the headlamp actually okay anyway so what happened was and a water maker is a reverse osmosis system there's people that are way smarter than uh than I am that can explain this better and Tracy's agreeing that she doesn't have to always agree Bill burn Bill tweeting build burn build oh I'm sorry I got it backwards not burn burn build burn bill so it sucks in fresh water from all of this but fresh water is not fresh water it's salty and it's got all kinds of other things any calcium and nutrients and Plankton and everything runs it through a 20 Micron standard kind of house water filter and then we go down through a five I think I'm going to change it a little bit eventually so go for 20 to a five then we go into our membrane and our membrane is driven by a little electric water pump or a little uh electric geared pump on a Gear belt that compresses the water up to six to seven thousand PSI pushes it through a membrane that squeezes all the salt and the other Elements and Minerals out and allows fresh water to pass through now your drinking water the World Health Organization says anything under a thousand safe FDA says 500 is about Norm I Gwinnett County is even only like 400 they can Spike to 500 with the total dissolved solids of what's in there dissolved solids it's rust out of the pipes yeah a lot of their yeah it's rust and they're adding fluoride and we're not doing any of that so we've got pretty good tasting water and what happened yesterday is this is a geared um flexible rubber belt it's made by Gates which is pretty cool because Gates has been induct for a long time and the belt just got old and some of the gears came off see that so in our spares hopefully the other ones aren't as old as that one yeah they seem more pliable and I've got a part number I can order more from I'm just going to slip this over and we'll be good to go and we'll be making water again now the first time I got it going I kind of felt like the uh are you still filming you keep you're not filming you are filming you are filming okay I felt like the Russian off of uh the movie Armageddon Russian Armageddon where he's like on the Soviet space station is how we I don't have to quote me originally but we'll be up and going in no time making more fresh water as of note we have been untethered from the world since January 22nd we've been making all of our own water our own power it's pretty cool make out of his camping but being self-sufficient and we're we're learning a lot about our balance and our balance is a family and what we run and maybe things that we'd like to tweak when we bounce back through the U.S maybe adding a little more solar or maybe upgrading one of our alternators to be a big honking Mama Jama and um we'll see but the longer we live on on the hook out here we've only got one neighbor within a mile we've got two other three other neighbors over about three or four miles away and he's a local OG so and this guy is a local OG he comes moves we move with him we got left behind we got left behind yesterday and we learned a lesson anyway I'm back to fix what the uh water main water maker uh we might do a little clip in just a minute coming back at you okay so water makers up in here there's a pump underneath the pre-filters are under the floor it comes up the high pressure pump is here and then this is the membrane that does the magic and then our pressure gauge for that I was able to reach in here and slip on this belt it only took about 30 seconds I need people somebody on the other side to turn on the water maker and let's test this puppy turn on the pump then wait five seconds and then turn on the other one waiting for my helpers first and then wait we're making water guys I know it doesn't sound dramatic or anything foreign

  Top Comments:
  1. @Matilda-ok2uy [1 likes]: that's very great
  2. @Mason-de8jw [1 likes]: i always like your videos
  3. @Marcus-sf1rt [1 likes]: what is village name?
  4. @brucepetty6059: a waste of time video who can't put a belt on I was looking for real information on village marine

- Sea Recovery watermaker repair on Westport 85': Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hello yawning world this is Joe Yacht water today were working on a Pacific Mariner 85 and the smallest yacht and westward fleet we absolutely love these boats our customers will be close and have great equipment on them like the headhunter waste treatment system sea recovery water maker spot zero water filtration with this customer in particular having a little bit of an issue with his peer recovery water maker he can't seem to automatically press flush the membrane you don't know what's going on yes come down here and manually push the colons health once a week to flush this water maker membrane so it's a little bit of an issue that we found on this here recovery but it's a really easy fix so let's take a look at it all right so here is the control panel for the water maker in question and I just want to show you on the front of the control panel here we have our brine flow and our product flow so this can actually show as if water is flowing through the membranes or not and what the customer noticed was every every week when the system goes into its automatic fresh flush there was no water coming through the flow meter and even if he came here and manually hit the fresh flush button the light would activate but he would get no water coming through here through the flow meters so if he went down to where the actual solenoid wasn't manually forced the solenoid so mechanically opening the solenoid then he would get water flow through here so that's what he was doing him coming down here and manually forcing that solenoid so we can get some freshwater into the membrane and this is a real common problem on these older South control panels what happens is there's a voltage output to the fresh flushed solenoid on the back of the panel let me show you these two terminals here where the red and the black are now this is the output the fresh flush solenoid and for some reason these boards sometimes they only put out 10 volts and sometimes 10 volts is enough to activate the 12-volt solenoid sometimes it's not and in this case it was just not enough voltage to activate the solenoid so the fresh floss wasn't working which that can lead to a big problem if you're not fresh flushing your membranes regularly you can foul the membranes and destroy them and you know you're looking at thousands of dollars you know membrane replacement and labor all because this little terminal here is only putting 10 volts out so it's a real easy fix so what we do is we wire in a relay here so we take source power from the power supply which is 14 volts we wire it to our relay and then what we do is we use the old output stairs to trigger the relay so when the board calls for the solenoid to run it triggers the relay the relay then gives 14 volts to the saw on the solenoid works perfect flushing two membranes and everything works great so let me shut the control panel here and show you all right so now if I go ahead and hit fresh flush there's our indicator light come look at our flow meters and look at our flow meter rising now we're getting flow across the membrane there goes the membranes are getting flow through them fresh water flushing them and that way for the next week the membrane will just sit with fresh water in it won't grow any garbage it won't foul up and you're see recovery system will be lasting good for a long time so that's a real quick easy fix if you ever notice that you run your fresh refresh flush but you don't get the flow let's look into that message us let us know we'd love to help you out with the problem all right guys thanks for watching we really appreciate it have a great day

  Top Comments:
  1. @mrtsonya: Are you still here?
I have some problem about " FWF on Ultra Whisper " functions.
How to reset fresh water flush on ultra whisper after adjust Volt for timing?

- A Quick Guide to Basic Generator Maintenance | PartSelect.com: Kind: captions Language: en we all know how unpredictable weather can be and we've all experienced power just during severe storms and how many times have we relied on our generator to get us out of trouble and it wouldn't start hi it's steve from partselect in this video we'd like to share with you some tips on how to get your generator in top working condition so it won't let you down when you need it the most now if you have a larger generator you probably have a battery assist to get it started you'll want to make sure that your battery is fully charged at all times that may involve putting it on a battery charger on a regular basis to verify that your battery is working properly simply try to start your generator if it doesn't turn over easily or won't turn over at all you'll want to look at your battery first thing we'll inspect is the cables to make sure that they're tight not corroded or damaged if they seem to be fine you can use a volt meter and check your battery to ensure that it has the proper output voltage if it doesn't try recharging it if it won't hold a charge you'll need to replace it so it doesn't let you down when you need it the most now that we've checked out the battery start function and made sure that that's okay we're next going to look at our engine oil most modern generators now have an oil level sensor if your oil level is too low your generator won't start so it's important that we check that oil level to begin with if you use your generator on a regular basis you should follow the manufacturer's recommendations on how often you should change your oil and typically that would be at least once a year now that we've taken care of the oil our next step will be to look at the fuel system now with any gasoline it's really critical that you not store fuel in the tank you should always keep fresh premium grade fuel on hand but never store it in the tank we should also check the fuel tank to make sure that it's in good shape as no sediment in the bottom if your model doesn't have an inline fuel filter it probably has a filter that fits into the filler opening so you'll want to remove that and inspect it you can then view the inside of the tank and if there's any sign of corrosion you'll need to have that replaced now that we've checked out our tank and tank filter we'll next want to look at the fuel lines going to the carburetor to ensure that they're in good shape not cracked or corroded or leaking and if you see any indication of leaking or cracks you'll want to replace that fuel line so that it doesn't let you down now that we've verified our fuel lines are in good shape the next thing we'll want to look at is our air filter so we'll just pop this cover off and we'll inspect the filter make sure it's not plugged up now if your filter needs to be clean you simply wash it with soapy water rinse it well and dry it well and typically these foam type filters require that you saturate them with clean engine oil and then wring out any excess and then reinstall them if the filter is damaged you'll want to replace it now that we've inspected the air filter our next step will be to check with the recoil starter so what we'll want to do is inspect that cord make sure it's not frayed or damaged and also check the knot on the end make sure it's secure if you find any damage with that cord you'll need to remove that starter and replace it now that we've checked out the recoil starter the last thing we want to look at on the engine is the spark plug so next we'll locate the spark plug wire pull that off the end of the plug and we'll want to inspect that cap to make sure that there's no signs of any corrosion in there if so you'll need to have that serviced next we'll remove the plug now if there's any signs of excessive wear or corrosion on the end of that plug you'll need to replace it now that we've checked out all the essential components on the engine to make sure that they're in top working order just have a quick look at any of the electrical connections check ones going to a fuel solenoid to your starter any of those things looking for any signs of corrosion if you find something you'll need to either have that repaired or replaced once we've done all that add a little bit of fuel to it and we'll start it up and make sure it runs smoothly we'll plug something into one of the outlets and verify that the generator portion is working fine then we're ready to shut it down drain the field out and put it safely into storage and you'll be ready thank you so much for watching this video we certainly hope that these tips will help you with your generator maintenance for more videos on appliance repair maintenance and cleaning tips be sure to visit our website if you have any suggestions be sure to share them in the comments section below hey don't forget to subscribe you

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheGlobePark [1 likes]: Quick and to the point. Excellent video
  2. @newbanglamedia8104: Sir I want to work with you. I am a generator mechanic and other machinery mechanic. I have been working in uae for 15 years now. I am in uae now.
  3. @AviBuxton: Great video
  4. @seifuh.mariyam50: nice
  5. @rob9mm638: Good Video
  6. @wrongmower: Absolutely love y'all's vids, thank you

- A Day in the Life of a Generator Service Technician: Kind: captions Language: en a generator service technician's day is anything but predictable between a morning login to their work schedule to an evening debriefing with a service manager a lot can happen when the job is defined a technician will check out the required Parts the technician's truck is equipped with all the tools required for a planned maintenance or service call service technicians usually have prior authorization to enter the generator facility technicians are trained to work on all generator system controls and equipment and the technician will start by verifying the systems operational status before working on the generator the tech will ensure that it's in the off position and turn off the generator breaker in a planned maintenance visit the first things to check are the oil and coolant levels verify that the block heater is keeping the engine warm using the infrared meter and make sure all hoses are tight and not leaking check the radiator hoses for leaks and tighten when required check the proper operation of battery charger check the battery to ensure the battery voltage is being maintained check the battery connections and tighten and secure any loose connections verify any auto battery charger is fully operational check the engine oil filter is tight and secure and verify their date of change is followed after verifying the breaker is in the off position the technician will then remove the generator panel to gain access to the generator output wiring once inside the technician verifies the correct torque on the electrical connections the voltage regulator above the generator is also checked when the inspection is complete the panel is replaced now the technician moves to the engine to check the radiator fan belt and hoses to ensure everything is tight and free of debris check the air filters to ensure they're clean and reset the system with a reset button also check for any exhaust leaks once the unit inspection is complete the technician will start the unit and verify voltage frequency oil pressure and coolant temperature the technician then Returns the control panel into Auto position and Returns the breaker to the on position a technician's truck today can also be his office before leaving for the next job the work undertaken is logged and recorded via a notebook computer in any given day the technician can move on to several more service calls either scheduled or emergency when returning to the office the technician meets with a service manager to discuss the work undertaken any issues and to plan the next field service trips the rewarding aspect of a service technician's job is that every job is unique your out and about and your high level of training and experience is highly respected by the customers you serve in both industrial or residential applications

- Diesel Generator Maintenance | Maintaining Your Emergency Generator: Kind: captions Language: en diesel generator maintenance this is diesel filter element remove the old one and replace with new filter element this is the oil filter element replace it with the new oil filter element the screw below is the discharge of the oil port and screw it and discharge all the Rama in oil open here and add the new oil remove the air filter element clean it with water and dry it to put it back

- Signal Generator Showdown : JDS8080 vs ET3320C Test And Review  -Which Is Best?: Kind: captions Language: en Hi guys, welcome to learn electronics repair. And I have two boxes on my desk today. One you can see is a signal generator and the other one, well, it's a plain brown box. So, let's have a look to see what's inside this one. And by the magic of television, we have another signal generator. So, what are we going to do today? Well, we're going to have a look, we're going to test and review these signal generators. I've not done this sort of review so it's the first on the channel. Yes, you're shouting out. I've reviewed lots of three-in-one devices that have built-in signal generators. I also played around with like a Heathkit type thing from AliExpress. You're quite correct. But these signal generators are not the same as those signal generators. The main difference with these ones is the fact they can do modulation, for example. So, these can do AM, FM modulation, various others, phase shift key, amplitude shift key, so on. And they also allow you to feed external signals in to modulate or control the generator. So, why are there two on my bench? Well, I thought it'd be very interesting to have a look at this one, which is one of the more expensive models without getting silly about this, okay? And this one, which is the cheapest one I could find, which basically claims to have the same features as that one. So, let's have a look at these two devices on AliExpress. Let's see how much they cost. And then let's take a look and see if the cheaper one basically stands up well against the more expensive one. If you were thinking of buying one of these type of signal generators, I think this would be very useful to you. And here we are at AliExpress. This is the more expensive of the two. And there were two models, 60 MHz and 80 MHz. So, this is the maximum frequency and they come with the various types of plug. These accept a wide input voltage so 110 V 220 V, that's absolutely fine. I will just mention right now that I got these from AliExpress as review samples. So, basically with Ali, I choose what I want to review and they seed the balance of my account so I can then choose the item. So, these were sent to me free. I will just mention that. But, it's my choice of device and this is going to be my honest opinion, okay? So, that's the more expensive one. I'll just give you a quick idea of what you can do with these. So, you can see from extremely low frequencies, nanahertz into 80 MHz, built-in frequency counter, for example. It does frequency sweep. So, this will do audio sweep. You can do linear sweep, logarithmic sweep, cyclic sweep. So, lots of options there. Dual channel output. You can control it from a mobile phone. It has Bluetooth, okay? So, you can see basically what we have here, the forms of modulation. And we see the specifications or all the technical specs here, okay? We can examine these in a little bit more detail afterwards because I want to see how the spec compares with the cheaper model. And the cheaper one I found, well, this was basically the cheapest I could see with these types of facilities. So, this one comes with a 20 MHz or 40 or 60. To give you a direct comparison, that is the 60 MHz of the June Tech one, okay? I do love that name, by the way. And this is the 60 MHz of the East Tester. So, this is the ET33C, okay? What I actually requested was the cheapest of these. So, this is the 20 meg version. And the most expensive of these. I think that gives you a wide range because at the end of the day it depends on what you're doing, what frequency range you need. If you're doing audio work, which is probably mainly what I do, either these would do. So, yeah, it comes down to what you are doing. And bear in mind, this is not just a sine wave generator. It does square wave, pulse width modulation and lots of other things, So, the cheaper one again comes with the various plugs, Slight difference in price. And here is the spec again. So, dual channel. We can see the sampling rate, resolution, bit depth, okay? It does internal modulation, AM, FM and there's also external modulation options, okay? And these ones internal or external. So, in general, this generator, okay, has pretty much a similar set of functions as the more expensive one. And that's what we're here today to try. So, let's have a look at these. Let's connect them to the oscilloscope, see what the output looks like. And then let's have a look inside them, see how they are built, okay? That's what we're going to do today. Now we've had a quick look at the specs for these signal generators, let's have a closer look at the hardware. To start with, here is the East Tester. So, in actual fact, ET3320, not just ET33. This specifies the frequency range or maximum frequency. So, we have the two channels out, these show a ground symbol and external in. Okay. This is completely plastic. The whole case is plastic. There's a USB on the back. We have some little jumpers here or pins. We have What does it say? TTL levels, TTL in out, TTL one and two, receive, transmit, ground. And plus 5 V. This may be for some sort of external control. I'd have to have a look at the user manual for that. This looks rather more friendly, USB. This one got a bit scuffed, I think, in transit. I have to say the whole construction of this, it's all plastic. It feels inexpensive. Haha. That's the kindest way to put that. We have two BNC to crocodile clip leads. We have a BNC to BNC lead. And we have the USB A to B, okay? And we also have the user manual. This is English. I think it's just English. Yeah, just English, okay? So, user manual is there, a printed one. No doubt you could download a digital one as well, PDF. That's what was in the box then with the ET3320. Let's have a look at the June Tech. And here it is. So, again, this is all plastic construction. Yeah, even the back is plastic. So, DC 5 V, although it didn't come with a power pack. Mains, USB, TTL external, so the same sort of thing. And again, they are actually labeled here, okay? Upside down, but fine. This has sync in and out on the back, which the other one didn't have. Little stand. Stand's okay. Again, this has an extra connection on the front. So, this one has modulation external channel one, channel two. We have provided leads. Again, so we have the BNC to crocodile clip. These feel basically the same as those, okay? From the other one. Also a BNC to BNC cable. Power lead. And the USB A to B cable. Finally, of course, the user manual. This is better quality paper, looks nicer, bigger prints, easier to read. This also has PC software. Here, tells you communication protocol setup. Okay, this is where you can download the software, QR code. So, we should be able to attach this to our Windows PC. And also, this will work with Bluetooth, both for Android and iOS. Whereas the other one just mentions briefly in the manual, actually, that the ET33C functions as slave device, connect to external USB device. This port is used serial port baud rate, but it doesn't really give you any more information about that, although that may be on the website. There's no mention of this one of Bluetooth, either. So, I would say it doesn't support Bluetooth, at least not the model which I have. And we see the two generators together. This one is also all plastic. This one feels, again, inexpensive. [clears throat] This feels cheap. I'll say the word. Okay, this feels a little bit more solid. It's heavier. I'll say that much. So, we have the same sort of thing, five buttons. I'm thinking the interface is probably similar, the GUI. Control knob, which is a rotary encoder. This has extra buttons, though. And here, wave, modulation, system, which I think is settings, sweep, voltage controlled oscillator, measure. So, this is a frequency meter as well as a signal generator. This, which is the output on and off, channel one, channel two select. Slightly different here, so wave modulation system, the same. Then this has measure and some arrow keys. It doesn't mention sweep on here, although it claims to have that feature at least on the website. We can see clearly in the specifications, this does have a frequency sweep function. Linear, logarithmic, forward, reverse, round trip. So, basically similar to the more expensive generator. But it doesn't have a sweep button on here, which suggests it may be a little bit more convoluted to find that feature in the menus or to activate it. Okay, let's power these up, connect it to the scope. This won't be a full technical demonstration of these. I'm basically going to have a look to see if it works across the frequency range and some basic functions. We'll have a play with the modulation and with the sweep If you want to see more, this is ideal for the live stream. So, let me know guys on the next live stream, which is around what, the 21st of December, I think, just before Christmas. We can have a play with these, but it'd be great if you could give me some idea of anything you'd like to see beforehand. So, if possible, I can set it up ready to do that. Now, let's power this up. >> [snorts] >> So, asking for the language, Chinese, English. English. And there we see the screen. So, 10 MHz, amplitude set to 5 V. If we look in the specification, we can see that the amplitude in fact depends on frequency. So, up to 1 MHz, up to 25 V peak-to-peak. That's quite a lot. Up to 1 MHz, 10 V peak-to-peak. 11 MHz, 5 V, and then the full Well, this says 60 oh, and 80 MHz, 3.6 V peak-to-peak. So, that's the amplitude of the waveform we can get from this. It's set to sine wave at the moment. You can see these are all the various options we have. Sine, square, pulse, duty cycle, pulse width, cycle times can be set, triangle, yeah, ramps, and various others, probably less used ones, but it will certainly do these. Random noise, multisonic, yeah. Sync a pulse wave. The square and triangle functions only run up to 50 MHz, so it's only the sine wave which will actually go up to 80 MHz. Let's have a quick look around, see how intuitive this is to use. So, wave. Yeah, we can see here various waveforms. Okay, and I think you can actually Yeah, you can change them as well, arbitrary, so you can program your own. Sine, square, pulse, ramp, yeah. So, we can also switch this way as well. Okay, it's quite nice, actually. That's nice thought out user interface, I would say. Modulation, again, yeah, nice little diagram. So, we have um modulation depth, modulation frequency. yeah, choose your modulation frequency here, the depth, the source, so either internal or external. You could feed some music in, for example, set it to an AM frequency and listen to it on your radio. Source here also, shape and type. So, this is our types of modulation. So, basically you select from these menus the function you want to change, and then you can alter that using the rotary encoder here, okay. This has a push button as well, actually, on this. So, back to AM. System, what does this do? Oh, this is your settings, so the bleeps on or off, brightness setting, language. It's saying there's 39 built-in waveforms, 15 arbitrary waveforms. Wave load method, okay. What else do we have here? Yeah, fairly easy to navigate again. System information. Oh, page down. Oh, there's more. Yeah, there is more and more. And then we can use the QR code to get the user manual. Sweep. Yeah, we can choose channel one or channel two, I guess. Yeah, one or two. Start frequency and end frequency. So, here from 1 kHz to 10 kHz, the sweep time, how long it takes to do it. Yeah, we can step up or down here through the various options we want to change. The sweep mode, logarithmic or linear. It says line, okay. Oh, look at that, it's doing it. Yeah, so you set the parameters. You press the button. Look, you can see the sweep there going through all the frequencies, okay? That I've set up to 10 kHz and then back to one. Oh, that's nice, okay. Voltage controlled oscillator. So, this basically allows you to connect something external and it will alter the frequency depending on the voltage on there. Okay. So, again, we can select the various options here. Measure. So, this is now using this as a frequency counter. We won't do this on today's review, but again, we can on the live stream if you wish. And this switches the outputs on or off, yeah? So, you can see directly on or off. Let's connect this to my scope then and have a look at the output from the And there we are at 100 kHz, okay? Scope is saying 99 or 100 kHz. Yeah, just change the trigger level, 100 kHz. I'm not sure how accurate this scope is. I've had this since about I think probably 2000 and 10 or 11, okay? It's never been calibrated. Let's go up to some high frequencies. So, to do that, we can change the digit we're changing here, so you can see we can go up now, say to well, 1.3 MHz at the moment. This scope is a 50 MHz scope. I'm 10.3 now and the scope is reading that at about 10. 2 or 10.4. Keep going. Let's see. We're just over 50 MHz now. Exactly 50 MHz. That is the specified limit for my scope, but then it will go higher than that. So, let's have a look. 70, 80. And that's the top of it, so that's 80 MHz. Scope is saying, yeah, just over 80 MHz or just under, but again, that's above the specification for that scope. I'm going to put this down, say to 10 MHz, and then let's try some modulation. So, 10 MHz, modulation, and that should be amplitude modulation. Well, it doesn't want to sync on that. I'll go down to a much lower frequency, around 1 meg, see if the scope's happier to display that. But again, this is really a test of the generator, not my scope. And there we are with my analog scope. This is a problem with digital scopes, by the way, at least the lower cost ones just do not like complex waveforms. But we can see there, that is the carrier wave, the modulated frequency, which is the 1 MHz. And we can see that is nicely modulated with a 1 kHz tone. So, if I change the modulation frequency, 900 Hz, 800, you can see changing there. Just set the trigger. Yeah, so that's working really nicely. Let's try frequency modulation. So, you can see on the generator, I actually now have 10 MHz carrier, okay? Modulation is type FM. This sets the frequency deviation, that's the amount of modulation. So, I've got actually got 540 kHz, that's rather a lot of deviation, but the scope is showing it quite well, so I think you can see that the frequency is changing. Okay? That's how the FM looks on my scope. I'll just go down to 1 MHz carrier. And I'm turning down the deviation. Eh? I think you can see it quite nicely. Eh, that's how FM looks on my analog Last thing I would like to demonstrate is the sweep, the audio sweep, which is something I would use. So, this is going to do a 1 kHz to 10 kHz sweep. I'll switch this on there. Yeah, you can see that. Clearly, frequency increasing. Up to 10 kHz there. That's nice. So, that actually makes a very nice audio sweep. And not only can you sweep the frequency, you can also sweep the amplitude and lots of other things with this, okay? Let's compare this to the cheaper option and see how well that works. So, a very similar screen we see really. Wave. Yeah, it has a very similar method of use. We can step through with these buttons. We can change all the same parameters from what I can see. Frequency, amplitude, offset, duty cycle, phase. Okay, so frequency. Let's set this one to Let's see. We press the button. That turns on or off. It works in a different way to the other one. Yeah, this allows us to change the actual frequency settings. Channel 20 MHz. So, that is the maximum for this one, But, there is an option which goes up to 60. So, we'll set this to 100 kHz for now. I'll attach this to my digital scope. Let's have a look comparing with the other one. This is similar to the more expensive model in as much as the maximum amplitude depends on the frequency range. Okay, so up to well, less than 10 MHz, 20 V peak to peak. And when you get into the high frequencies like the one we've got to 80, 5 V peak to peak, so it says. So, similar but different specs. And on my scope, it looks pretty much the same as the other one really. So, that's a 10 kHz. Let's go up in frequency. 1 MHz. And the maximum for this one is 20 MHz. It says exactly that on the scope. So, I'd say in that respect, it works basically as well as the other one does. Obviously, less of a frequency range, but again, that depends on your usage, whether that's important or not. And once again, I've connected this to my analog scope because my digital scope just does not like it. I could try other digital scopes, but yeah, we're on the analog one again. So, I have this set to AM. Okay, I have a modulation frequency of 10 kHz. I have the main frequency set to 20 MHz. Okay? And if you look at the scope which you see here, you don't see any modulation, With this one, it's a little bit more convoluted, but not difficult. So, when we go into modulation, it's always set to off. And we have to go to control and switch it to on. And then we can see the modulated signal. Yeah? And I have to say from what I can see, basically, it's doing that just as well as the more expensive generator was. Okay, I found frequency modulation a bit more fiddly to set up on this one, but I have done it. So, we can see on the scope there, that's a frequency modulated signal. Find decreasing amount of modulation, you can see that. Or increase the amount of modulation. Eh. So, it does its job just as well. It's just a little bit more finicky to go through the menus to be quite honest. Now, let's try the audio sweep function. And to do this, we change modulation mode to sweep. Okay, on channel one. I'm on a linear riser, just a linear sweep. Source internal, 10 seconds. So, basically set like the other one was from 1 kHz to 10 kHz. And it is doing that very nicely. Okay? Nice sweep there. The amplitude is staying constant, which is what you want really. So again, both of the generators are quite capable of doing that. And as promised, we can take a look inside. So, this has this one PCB. That's actually the power supply. You can see there. There's another PCB which is the front panel for the display. I can see quite clearly from this side that there's a big gap here between the non-isolated and isolated parts of the power supply. Although, in actual fact, the non-isolated part is this side of this transformer, not over there. Okay, so maybe that wide track is also there for maybe reduction of noise interference. Eh. Crosstalk, something like that. But, that's nicely divided away from the rest of it at least, the high voltage side. We have a ground lead which is connected to the PCB. This is completely plastic. The construction, but the front BNCs are not. Are they connected to that ground? Let's have a look. So, from the metalwork, yes. So, they are grounded. Okay? You may or may not like the method by which they are grounded, but they are grounded. This PCB is grounded. They're soldered to the PCB, so you can't detach one from the other really. Okay? Not sure what this was. I just found it inside there. Mm, interesting. But, I don't think this was inside the thing. There was nothing rattling around. It somehow got in there while I was taking it apart. Yeah. This connection here, which is not fitted, okay? There's a chip there also not fitted. there's no space in the back for that to connect to. It says in the manual this has an optional modulation input on the rear. It does say optional. This one doesn't have that fitted. Is the USB connected to the same ground? No. So, that doesn't connect to the ground on your PC, if you see what I mean. That doesn't connect to there. So, if you are probing, obviously connecting this to some equipment, there could be some higher voltage there. That will not ground via here, but it will ground via here. So, it's up to you how you want to use this. Here, okay, I have an isolated mains bench isolation transformer, so I don't really have ground around. But, just be aware of it, okay? The other one, well, we have a separate power supply, completely separate. I would say that's the better design. This is the control board, the front panel for the display. This one again, grounded earth wire to here. And then from here to the PCB, and from the PCB to this point on the back, which is the earth connection or ground connection. This has sync out and in, which the other one does not have. So, that's another difference between the two. This could be useful if you want to use things like the sweep generator, and you want to know when it starts, effectively when it starts the sweep. Again, let's just check to see what's grounded to what in this one. Yeah, ground. Ground, the ground points on the back. That goes to all the BNCs. Do you go to the ones at the back here? How about the USB? No, again, same sort of thing. So, it doesn't connect to the ground of your computer if you have one attached. So, that's a look around at what's inside these. This one, by the way, the casing was all just clipped together, but I had to go through this label, which you can't easily peel off. I tried. There's one screw there, so I guess that's like a security screw on that one for warranty. This one doesn't have. Consider that an advantage or disadvantage, as you wish. Another thing I've noticed in this one is they have one like copper foil wrapped all around the transformer, the switch mode transformer. That must be to decrease interference from the power supply. It's not grounded though, unless it has like some sort of plastic coating on it. Yeah. A Faraday shield, I guess you would call that. I went to this link here. It downloaded the software. It was easy to install. It came with a little read me that explained, but it was very simple. It basically shows you the same that you see here. Also, from this link, you can get the user manual as a PDF. I followed the instructions attaching the USB from the generator to my PC. It didn't seem to want to recognize the device, and that was quite simply because you have to have the power lead in as well to the generator, okay? And here we see the software on screen. So, from here it looks like you can control quite a number of features. I'm not sure if you can control all of them. I haven't really haven't looked, but you surely can control some of the features. Waveform, system settings. Arbitrary. Yeah. Built-in wave. Yeah, all the different waves here. And modulations here. So, it looks like you can probably control everything you want to from here. It appears as a comport, basically. I'm going to plug in the older model and see if this software actually recognizes it. Because I don't see any mention of using PC software in this manual. And if it's somewhere online, well, if it's important, it shouldn't be that difficult to find. That's my point. It should be in the user manual. But let's just see what happens if we connect the East tester. Well, it comes up as com 3, the same as the older one did. We'll select com 3. Let's try connect to it. Oh, it sees it. But the version check doesn't work. So, it's obviously locked not to use this. If there's a generic form of this software, I imagine it would work, okay? But we can't actually control using this software. So, summing up, and we have to have a summing up, yeah? As a functional signal generator for what I want to use it for, which is much more likely to be audio work, they both do the job. For the FM modulation, for setting up or trying to transmit to an FM receiver, well, it starts to 88 MHz normally, not 80. So, even this doesn't go as high as that. Well, you could certainly use this to simulate the local oscillator or something like that. This one, there are models up to 60 MHz, which would allow you to do basically the same sort of things. I didn't try every function, obviously. You can see that. But certainly, the waveforms look good on both. The sweep generator on this worked. The sweep generator on this, which is under the modulation options, worked. And they both worked as well as each other from what I could see. This has the external modulation. This one doesn't. It does mention in the manual it's an option, but as to where you would find that model, I didn't really look. This one also has the Bluetooth. It's also has the facility to connect to the app on the PC. This one may do, but there's no mention of the software in the manual, at least, okay? So, I would say for my use, which is probably as an audio sweep generator, mainly, the AM and FM, nice for testing scopes to see how well they handle that sort of modulation. But that's the only real use I have for these unless I want to play around with AM radio and transmit music to it, in which case I can do it with this one. I can only, from what I can see, use the internal tone generator on this. The external in, again, from what I can see on both, is for things like voltage controlled oscillator and that sort of thing, okay? But I must admit I didn't go depth into that. I went into what I would want to use it for, and they would both do the job. Which one do I prefer? Definitely this one. And the main reason is the user interface is just easier to use. It's very intuitive. This one, at one point during that review, I had to ask AI how to do the frequency modulation because it didn't seem to work. And being able to control this from the PC is probably quite useful for me because I'm making videos. Yes, I have a use for that. But I think, you know, depending on what you guys want to do, price is probably the main consideration here. More expensive, nicer bit of kit to use. Cheaper and basically does the same thing within certain restraints. So, yeah, I'm not going to say one or the other. I can see a case for both. Yeah. This one and this, neither of these are lab grade equipment. This one feels inexpensive in construction. And this one honestly feels cheap. >> [laughter] >> That's the best way I can put it, yeah. One thing I didn't mention in the review, the power lead and the USB lead to this one are particularly short. The BNC lead was actually the same length, but I had to use the power lead from the older one to get this close enough to my digital scope to actually display the two on the screen together to show you guys. Okay, that's just my bench setup. And the same connecting to my PC, I ended up using the longer USB lead off this one because this one wouldn't allow me to connect to the PC and have this in a convenient position on the bench to film. So, just a little thing, but you know, I thought it was worth mentioning. So, you know what? I'm going to leave it to you guys down there. What do you think? Do you have use for this sort of equipment? And if so, what model are you doing? Would one model or the other suit you better? Is it more down to frequency range because they will go up to what, 60 MHz, 80 MHz? Most of your other parameters, amplitude and what, were similar, okay? So, yeah, do you have use for which? What would you be using it for? And which one would you choose? That's what I would basically ask to you guys. Okay, hope you enjoyed that. I certainly enjoyed doing this review. I think it was very interesting to look at these pieces of equipment just to see what we can buy at different prices. So, let me know down there, and I'll look forward to seeing you all soon again on Radio Electronics Repair. Ciao for now, guys.

  Top Comments:
  1. @terrynicklin417 [3 likes]: 1nHz = a wavelength of 32 years!! Can this be true, and what possible use is that? Sorry if I missed it.
  2. @robertwebb5586 [3 likes]: I'd like to see the Junctek on your live stream, I'm looking at this one since I work on Transistor AM/FM radios now that I'm a retired A/V tech.
  3. @D614G_aka_Doug [2 likes]: I'd bet big money you'd never get a full cycle at 1 nHz out of such an instrument. You're likely to have power outages and the instrument itself isn't likely survive for a full cycle.

Instruments like those probably don't have very good timebases. Even much higher end instruments generally use pretty ordinary crystals. Some have options for "ovenized" crystal oscillators that can be very good but rather expensive. If the instrument has an option for an external timebase input, a "GPS-disciplined" crystal oscillator can be very higher performance at pretty low cost. A really accurate timebase often isn't required but can be useful if you need to trim the frequency of the oscillator of a digital clock (like the real-time clock in a PC) or a frequency counter or other instrument.

If you want a stable scope display of AM you need to set the trigger level for the scope to, ideally, the highest or lowest peak of the signal. If the peak amplitude isn't stable you might need to compromise with something a bit lower than the peak. Triggering at zero crossing will never get you anything stable except by good luck or tweaking "holdoff." In general, a good digital scope should be much better able to cope with weird waveforms than an analog scope but setting up the trigger may be a bit involved.

The so-called "transformer" in a flyback converter will always have an air gap in the magnetic path. That results in some amount magnetic flux slopping around the landscape. Often a "shorting band" of copper, soldered so it is a good "shorted turn" is used, usually about 1/3 of the bobbing width and placed outside the core and winding. The idea is that the mag field that would cause interference is opposed by the field generated by the current it induces in the shorting band. (If the band were just around the winding inside the core window it would look like a very serious shorted turn in the winding.) Wrapping the whole thing in copper foil will cause some degree of interference with normal operation but it can be a tolerable compromise. Flyback converters tend to generate more noise than other popular topologies. Cheap ones often use a core type that has terrible "self shielding." Pot cores are good but introduce some limitations.
  4. @Manticore1960 [2 likes]: Measuring AM waveforms on digital scopes are best done if you have a sync output on the generator. You can connect the sync out to ch2 & set the scope to trigger on that. But only one of your sig gen's had that, so the next best thing is to adjust the scope's trigger hold off until you get a stable trace.
  5. @perkulant4629 [1 likes]: I love chinglish brand names 😂 junc tek haha. It does actually look great though.
  6. @Patrick-rd9qo [1 likes]: Aren't these complete overkill for audio work? You can't hear over 20kHz?! These look like they're designed for RF/ham work to me.
  7. @Nūrd_AF: Was the mains AC leakage to either source or ground shield measured on BNC terminals?
  8. @madalinbetea9871: Please build RF Signal Generator from UK Vintage Radio Repair and Restauration from next projects in your videos
  9. @BrendonReid-l7t: Haha, Junctec- sometimes I feel like emailing these factories “hey guys, just so you know……”
  10. @00Skyfox: What would be the point of a signal generator that can do a nanohertz?  That would be 1 cycle over more than 30 years.
  11. @nikspanakis: I must admit they have a sense of humour those people of junkteck. A name you remember.
(... as long as you spell my name right, eh?)
  12. @spirkelbrinkhoff668: There is a link to the software for the ET3320C in the user manual. You can find it at 9:14 on the last page under "8. Links for the Software". If you select English on the aforementioned website, you will be redirected to another page where you will find the software under "Download".
  13. @sylvain19724: Hello , dommage que ce ne soit pas traduit en français 🥴. salutations
  14. @AndrewCRMartin: Do they come back on the last-used settings when you switch them on? i.e. amplitude, waveform and frequency. I find that really frustrating with the cheap one I have!
  15. @andrewsz8552: At least they are sincere: It"s a junk :)

- Family Buys $2500 Old YACHT and Renovates it Back to New | Start to Finish by @SailingMelody: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] w a he oh go [Applause]

  Top Comments:
  1. @jessstone7486: In America, our Coast Guard designates a watercraft 60 feet and over as a yacht. Something less than that is ... a sailboat, or cruiser. Maybe its different in the UK.
  2. @広輔-g5p: 凄いですね～「ヨット・ボート」をリノベーション作業、造る以上に大変な作業ですよね～それでて再生出来た経費が安過ぎですよね～？
  3. @MrSychnant: So the picture bears no relation to the actual boat.. Clickbait pic !
  4. @daddski1: The thumbnail is a yacht,
  5. @Stoic-of-Rome: Plan on doing only one boat restoration. It is literally back breaking work and I spent a year bent double, laying on my side, cleaning, scraping painting, fiberglassing, in bilges under engines, stretching over engines, up masts and drilling hole in impossible angles. It all came out great but in led to a life long back injury and surgery and nearly complete paralysis below the waste!  Be careful, and enjoy the fruits of your labours.
  6. @James-re6co: The day you buy it, and the day you sell it.
  7. @iiksins: A lovely family, I loved it. ❤
  8. @scryptyc4295: I think my eyes got smaller.. Or was it the boat?
  9. @chrismack2829: Grinding lead-based paint and rust without a respirator? Too bad they won't be around to enjoy it much longer.
  10. @Havana1961cu: whatever it is....this 9 minute video with 18 million views(so far) made them $180.000 ...yes!! one hundred eighty thousand US dollars
  11. @GoofieNewfie69: Clickbait fake AI.  thumbnail is nothing like the little boat in the vid
  12. @skipperrichman1785: the picture in the ad is not the boat
  13. @petersonowen6550: Posv
  14. @wheelchairghost: Clickbait thumbnail.   Scumbag.
  15. @illvminatvs3194: Can we stop with the AI slop thumbnails?
  16. @emorineau9294: Lame clickbait! The boat in the thumbnail is not the one in the video.
  17. @timoftimof2977: молодцы!
  18. @colie1234: Clickyyyyybait
  19. @ericnebeker6026: BS
  20. @JohnKim-u2p: Wow, the boat shrunk by quite a bit... did they take all that off the boat to make it from an 80 footer to a 35 footer? That's a lot of dirt and rust they took off, huh?

- He turned this abandoned boat into a luxury yacht | full start to finish @FrengenEngineering: Kind: captions Language: en The restoration of a neglected vessel always begins with ruthless elimination. Before any new material can be integrated, years of decay, obsolete wiring, and weathering must be stripped away. Watch how the builder immediately targets the corrupted elements. Tangles of degraded nylon rope and outdated navigational hardware are completely ripped from the fiberglass hull. The captain's chair, secured by rusted fasteners, is unbolted from its pedestal to expose the stained, weathered teak decking beneath it. This initial phase is entirely about establishing a clean baseline. An old Garmin dome antenna is unscrewed and its coaxial cables are pulled through the bulkheads. With the bulky hardware removed, the focus shifts to surface decontamination. A heavy application of alkaline foaming detergent is sprayed across the stern. This thick foam clings to the porous teak and oxidized gelcoat, chemically breaking down embedded salt, algae, and organic buildup. Using a stiff-bristled deck brush, the builder aggressively scrubs the wood grain, lifting decades of embedded grime before power washing the slurry over the transom. The high-pressure water physically ejects the loosened debris, revealing the true condition of the timber and fiberglass below. Once the exterior is neutralized, the boat is loaded onto a heavy-duty roller trailer and transported inside a climate-controlled garage. The transition indoors is critical. Fiberglass repair, epoxy application, and marine painting require strict temperature and humidity controls to cure properly. With the hull completely stabilized in a dry environment, the real structural recovery can commence. The first target is the hull's damaged underbelly, demanding intense mechanical precision and heavy abrasion. Beneath the waterline, the hull is coated in layers of failing antifouling paint. This ablative coating is designed to slowly wear away in salt water to prevent barnacle growth. But over years of neglect, it flakes and blisters, creating severe hydrodynamic drag. The builder initiates the removal process using a high-RPM Makita impact driver fitted with a heavy-duty abrasive wire wheel. The rotational friction obliterates the compromised top layer, generating a cloud of toxic marine dust. Transitioning underneath the trailer, the removal becomes intensely physical. Working on a mechanic's creeper, the builder utilizes a hardened steel hand scraper to manually peel the stubborn turquoise paint from the fiberglass strakes. Each stroke requires significant lateral force to shear the chemical bond without gouging the underlying gelcoat. The scraping reveals a chaotic patchwork of old primer and raw fiberglass. Notice the specific angle of the blade, maintained at a shallow 30° to maximize lifting power, while preventing accidental substrate damage. A pressure washer is brought back to blast away the residual dust, providing a stark visual of the remaining defects. Deep abrasions and impact gauges from submerged rocks are now entirely exposed along the keel. These voids compromise the structural integrity and fluid dynamics of the To restore the smooth hydrodynamic profile, the builder mixes a highly resilient two-part marine epoxy filler. Using a flexible plastic spreader, the viscous compound is forcefully pressed into the damaged cavities. The flexible blade contours directly to the curved geometry of the hull, ensuring the resin completely fills the void without leaving any hidden internal air pockets behind. Once the marine epoxy achieves full chemical cure, it forms a dense, waterproof matrix that is significantly harder than the original fiberglass. The builder utilizes an orbital sander equipped with extremely sharp aluminum oxide paper to level the cured patches. The orbital motion aggressively flattens the convex filler until it sits perfectly flush with the surrounding hull. With the surface structurally restored and flattened, absolute precision is required for the new waterline. A continuous length of high-adhesion marine masking tape is stretched precisely along the chine. Next, the builder prepares a high-build epoxy barrier coat. This specialized gray primer is formulated with interlocking microscopic solids that create an impenetrable moisture shield, preventing water molecules from penetrating the porous fiberglass. The high-viscosity fluid is mechanically agitated with a drill mixer to ensure uniform suspension. Using a high-density foam roller, the primer is methodically applied along the lower strakes. The foam roller ensures a consistent, even film thickness, which is crucial for maintaining optimal hydrodynamic efficiency. Before the primer fully cures, the primary antifouling layer is prepared. A heavy, dark blue self-polishing copolymer paint is poured and mixed. This specialized coating is designed to constantly renew its surface through water friction, preventing marine organisms from anchoring to the hull. The builder applies this dense blue layer directly over the tacky gray primer, ensuring a maximum chemical bond between the two coats. The transformation of the hull profile is immediate and striking. With the exterior protected, the focus shifts inward. The neglected teak decking requires extreme mechanical resurfacing to eliminate decades of deep cellular oxidation. Applying the self-polishing blue copolymer paint requires continuous, aggressive rolling to prevent the dense solids from sagging before the solvent flashes off. The builder lays down this final ablative barrier directly over the tacky gray primer, ensuring a maximum chemical cross-link between the two synthetic layers. This extremely dark blue antifouling matrix will constantly abrade in the water, chemically repelling marine growth to maintain peak hydrodynamics. With the external hull fully armored, the focus shifts inward to the deteriorated interior. The boat's teak decking requires extreme mechanical resurfacing to eliminate decades of deep cellular oxidation. Teak is a remarkably dense tropical hardwood, naturally loaded with silica and oils that resist rot, but continuous ultraviolet radiation destroys its surface cellulose, turning it the extremely dull, dead, chalky silver. The builder attacks the flat deck panels with a high-oscillation palm sander. The abrasive pads effortlessly grind away the dead wood fibers, instantly exposing the vibrant, unweathered hardwood locked beneath. However, for a true marine restoration. The black elastomeric caulking lines between the individual planks have chemically degraded, losing their flexibility and failing to prevent water ingress. Using a high-speed angle grinder fitted with a customized milling disc, the builder painstakingly routs out the hardened, compromised sealant from the narrow channels. This high-velocity extraction requires surgical physical control. A single microscopic slip of the rapidly spinning diamond-edged blade would irreparably gouge the expensive timber, permanently destroying the linear aesthetic appearance of the deck. The precise removal of this old caulk is absolutely critical for long-term structural waterproofing. Following the aggressive mechanical routing of the deck seams, a heavy-duty industrial wet vacuum is deployed to extract the dense accumulation of toxic rubber, particulates, and sawdust from the newly milled grooves. Every microscopic particle must be eliminated to guarantee absolute adhesion for the incoming marine sealant. Before the internal wood receives its protective coatings, the builder transitions outside to salvage the heavily, heavily soiled canvas Bimini cover. Spread flat across a wooden deck, the fabric undergoes a high-pressure chemical decontamination. A highly concentrated marine fabric cleaner is sprayed directly into the woven synthetic fibers, chemically breaking down embedded mold, salt crystals, and bird droppings. The builder aggressively scrubs the canvas with a stiff deck brush, forcing the surfactant deep into the weave before obliterating the contaminated slurry with a focused pressure washer stream. Returning to the interior cabin, the meticulously cleaned teak decking is prepared for hydration. The perimeter is carefully masked off with edge lock tape to protect the white fiberglass. The application of specialized penetrating marine oil commences. Unlike traditional surface polyurethane varnishes that sit on top of the timber and eventually crack under thermal expansion, this proprietary oil is engineered to soak deeply into the microscopic cellular structure of the teak. As the synthetic bristle brush glides across the dry planks, the powerful capillary action of the wood immediately drinks the viscous fluid down. The dull sanded surface instantly ignites into a rich, deeply saturated mahogany tone. This penetrating oil completely restores the internal moisture barrier, locking out salt water while reviving the timber's natural geometric brilliance. With the teak deeply saturated and protected by the penetrating oil, the structural waterproofing of the deck can be finalized. The builder carefully injects a continuous bead of black marine grade polyurethane sealant directly into the freshly routed channels between the timber planks. This highly elastomeric compound cures into a flexible synthetic rubber designed to expand and contract with the wood during extreme temperature fluctuations while maintaining an absolute watertight seal. The precision of the application is paramount, ensuring no air bubbles are trapped within the deep grooves. Once the sealant achieves its initial tack, the restored teak panels are mechanically fastened back into their original positions >> [music] >> on the fiberglass deck using countersunk stainless steel screws, locking the floor matrix solidly in place. The restoration now transitions from structural repair to electronic integration. Upgrading the vessel's audio system requires severe modifications to the existing console architecture. The builder measures and marks a precise circular perimeter on the side of the fiberglass hull. Using a heavy duty drill equipped with a wide diameter diamond grit hole saw, the builder initiates the cut. The serrated teeth tear through the thick gelcoat and woven fiberglass backing, generating a heavy shower of white composite dust. This aggressive mechanical extraction creates a perfect geometric void. The exposed internal foam core is manually cleared to accommodate the deep magnetic driver of a new waterproof marine speaker unit. The heavy vibration resistant speaker chassis assembly is test fitted into the cavity. Achieving a flush, airtight mount here is absolutely critical to prevent salt water spray from penetrating the sensitive internal electrical compartments. Before the marine speaker unit is permanently mounted, the electrical connections demand absolute permanence. Marine environments are notoriously hostile to raw copper, accelerating galvanic corrosion that destroys audio signals. The builder bypasses standard crimp connectors, opting instead to physically solder the heavy gauge copper wiring directly to the speaker's input terminals. A localized application of thermal heat shrink tubing completely encapsulates the soldered joint, forming an impermeable synthetic barrier against atmospheric salt and moisture. [music] A thick bead of marine sealant is applied to the speaker flange before it is driven into the fiberglass with stainless steel hardware, guaranteeing an acoustic and watertight Moving to the helm, the dashboard requires an even more complex surgical extraction. A rectangular perimeter is meticulously outlined over the faux wood grain console panel. Utilizing a high frequency oscillating multi-tool, the master builder plunges a fine tooth plunge blade directly into the rigid composite. The intense vibration effortlessly shears through the dashboard, dropping a perfectly rectangular core to create housing for a modern digital media receiver. The electronic head unit is slotted tightly into the exact cavity and wired directly into the main 12-V primary ignition harness. Shifting focus back to the exterior hull, the heavily oxidized upper gelcoat undergoes a dramatic aesthetic resurrection. The builder wields a high torque rotary polisher loaded with an aggressive cutting compound, applying immense physical pressure. The spinning wool pad generates intense friction, micro-abrasively leveling the microscopic scratches and chalky ultraviolet damage. This intense mechanical polishing instantly forces the dull white fiberglass surface to yield a perfectly flawless, pristine, mirror-like gloss reflection. The interior refit continues with the revitalization of the primary seating architecture. The heavy aluminum captain's chair pedestals are severely corroded, compromising both their structural rotation and aesthetic appeal. The master builder aggressively sands the metal shafts to raw alloy before applying a highly durable dual stage synthetic enamel spray paint. The vibrant red and bright white pigments bond chemically to the metal, creating a hardened, impact resistant shell that repels salt water oxidation. While the pedestals cure, an additional point of access is required in the aft fiberglass bulkhead. Using the oscillating plunge tool, a wide rectangular hatch is violently carved into the rigid stern wall. This critical modification grants direct physical access to the vessel's internal bilge matrix and electrical distribution block. Deep inside this newly exposed compartment, the builder constructs the primary power bank. Two massive, high capacity absorbent glass mat marine batteries are systematically lowered into the tight fiberglass cavity. These specialized heavy duty lead acid power cells are engineered explicitly to withstand intense kinetic shock and violent wave impacts without [music] leaking internal electrolytes. Using heavy gauge copper battery cables with pure brass terminals, the builder links the twin power cells in a parallel configuration. This specific electrical arrangement doubles the total amperage capacity while maintaining the required 12-V output, ensuring massive sustained power delivery for the newly installed digital electronics, ignition systems, and bilge pumps. Heavy duty woven nylon ratchet straps are aggressively torqued down over the heavy battery casings, physically locking the dense power banks to the whole floor to completely eliminate any dangerous internal movement completely whatsoever. With the electrical grid fully secured, the freshly painted metal seat pedestals are driven into the newly restored teak deck using heavy gauge lag bolts. The thick padded captain's chairs are locked onto the rotating mounts, finalizing the complete ergonomic reconstruction of the helm. The fully assembled vessel is then hitched and towed outside, shifting the operational focus entirely to the mechanical propulsion system. The massive, heavy block Mercury outboard engine requires deep internal fluid and filtration maintenance after prolonged dormancy. The builder unlatches and pulls the heavy aerodynamic cowling off the power head, exposing the dense metallic labyrinth of fuel injection rails, high tension ignition coils, and fluid lines. The primary objective is absolute The old, degraded inline fuel filter is forcefully unthreaded from the primary fuel manifold using a heavy steel wrench. The raw fuel trapped inside this canister is heavily contaminated with microscopic rust, phase separated ethanol, and water condensation. Allowing this degraded fluid to breach the modern injection system would cause catastrophic engine failure. To ensure the internal fuel lines are completely purged, the builder connects a specialized pneumatic hand pump extraction tool directly to the primary fuel intake valve. Pumping the heavy internal vacuum cylinder, a thick, dark, heavily degraded stream of contaminated fuel is physically siphoned out of the engine The toxic, amber-colored fluid is rapidly drawn through the transparent synthetic tubing and deposited into an external containment vessel. A brand new, high micron primary fuel filter is tightly threaded into the housing, ensuring flawless, uncontaminated fuel delivery directly to the combustion chambers. Deep inside the lower unit gear case, the internal lubrication has reached the extreme end of its chemical lifespan. The builder removes the lower magnetic drain plug, allowing a thick, viscous stream of dark blue, heavily degraded gear oil to violently pour out into a catch basin. This specific high-viscosity hypoid gear fluid must be purged to eliminate microscopic metal shavings generated by constant high-torque propeller friction. With the fluids completely drained, the entire lower hydrodynamic torpedo assembly is unbolted and forcefully separated from the main midsection. Dropping this heavy aluminum casting exposes the primary water pump housing. The builder systematically dismantles the top plate, revealing the internal rubber impeller. This star-shaped synthetic rubber turbine is the absolute lifeblood of the engine's thermodynamic survival. Spinning at thousands of revolutions per minute, it violently forces cold seawater up into the hot engine block. The old blades are permanently deformed and chemically brittle from intense friction and heat cycling. A flexible, highly resilient new impeller is heavily greased and compressed into the tight stainless steel housing, guaranteeing massive fluid displacement. With the vital lower unit reassembled and forcefully torqued back onto the main drive shaft, the mechanical overhaul is achieved. The final aesthetic element is the classic wooden steering wheel. Removed from the helm, the heavily oxidized varnish is aggressively stripped away using an oscillating multi-tool. The raw timber is then saturated with a thick, deeply penetrating mahogany wood stain, chemically darkening the grain to precisely match the rich, newly restored teak flooring inside the fully completed cabin structure. The revitalized steering wheel is securely bolted onto the console, finalizing the helm. The heavy hull slices aggressively through the dark ocean water, but true structural perfection demands an even deeper mechanical test.

  Top Comments:
  1. @jamesrichey5334: God love ya for scraping the hull, patching it and repainting it.  I just take it to the shop anymore.  You did a real nice job on this restoration.  Did you have to calibrate the gauges on the panel?  I'm thinking about getting a new instrument panel (mine are old) and I don't know the first thing about calibrating gauges.

- Living on a Self-Sufficient Sailboat for 10 Years + FULL TOUR: Kind: captions Language: en what we really enjoy about cruising is being able to take our house and all its creature comforts and go to an extremely desolate location where we can have the entire beach to ourselves and living off the grid so we have dello setup that once we have provisioned and fueled up we can be off the grid for anywhere from three to six months you know we make our own power with solar and wind we make our own water with a desalination plant we have onboard and we have enough food storage to support us for a long time and so you know we can have a very low impact on the environment we can move the boat around with the power of the wind and the weather and it's incredibly sustainable and fulfilling way to travel and live over the course of the entire trip ten years we've sailed Dulles $83,000 miles which is the equivalent of circling the Earth at the equator just over three times we've visited six out of the seven continents and sailed in every major ocean in the world my name is Karen Chapman and I am born and raised in Sweden my name is Brian Chapman and I was raised in Flagstaff Arizona this is a little Sierra Abbott Troutman she is six months old and she is a little sea baby she loves the ocean and she loves sailboats huh Sierra yeah I'm originally a software engineer but now I am a full-time sailor and YouTube video maker I knew nothing at all about sailing but I read lots of books I read lots of blogs and I came up with a four-year plan basically at the end of that plan I I sold everything I owned I sold my house I bought a sailboat named Ellis and I took off on what was supposed to be an 18-month sailing trip headed towards New Zealand I was studying Landscape Architecture in Australia and went on a backpacking trip to New Zealand where I met Brian and he asked me if I wanted to go sailing for the weekend and that was nine years ago now Wow yeah I never left I had never sailed before and it was absolutely life-changing I fell in love with it straightaway and of course fell in love with Brian sue welcome to our home Dulles she is a 53-foot sloop rig ketch which means that she has two masts and 1/4 day and right now we're in the cockpit of Dulles which is like the brain of the boat is how I like to think of it this is our navigation and steering station what I like about it is the helm is super protected so we can sit here we can drive here we have an excellent view and you can stay safe you can stay dry you can stay very comfortable even when the conditions are wet and completely handle all the sails and drive the boat back here we have some more sail controls all in the cockpit so to sail Delos we actually never have to leave this area which makes her a very safe boat when we're sailing short-handed and when the weather gets bad or you're sailing at nighttime you don't want to leave the cockpit and risk falling overboard so it's a very cool area when we're not sailing this is also where we spend most of our time so this happens to be really our outside porch our living room and everything sort of all rolled into one so welcoming to our kitchen this is really a one-man kitchen or a 1/1 Lane kitchen he's not really big enough for two people and it's kind of narrow which makes it really good whoever on the ocean passage and it's really rough so you can hold yourself in you also have this so you can clip yourself in so in case it is really rough you don't go fine across the whole boat we have everything that you'd find in a normal kitchen I would say we have you know it's pool sinks we have an induction stove which is very very nice so we don't have to worry about propane and stuff we have just a normal little oven and it's all kind of attached to a gimbal system so when we're healing this stove can swing with pretty good force and we won't lose dinner on the floor here we have a toaster which is a bit of a luxury and we have some fresh potatoes onions and stuff like that things that don't need to be refrigerated it's kind of like a puzzle so everything like the pots and the pans have its place and if you put it in the wrong place the things won't fit in there we also have a cabinet here that is a bunch of random things and it kind of just extends down you never know really what to find down there it's a bit of a surprise here we have you know our bowls and our plates and our sauces you know it's nonstop by three this is our fridge yeah for being a bowl I would say it's a very nice fridge most fridges on boats are top loading and I have not heard one single good thing about a top loading fridge so he's very nice when it has a door and you can have everything like organized in there well not a thing that I'm extremely happy about it's our washing machine it's just a smallest one that you can find on the market basically but we do run it every second day to do the diapers for Sierra because we use cloth diapers on her to save a lot of trash and I would not want to wash it by hand so I'm very happy about this feature another feature is her little chair that we have strapped in right here so she can sit here and eat and be part of you know like us making dinner and stuff like that this is the navigation communication and electronic station on Delos this is our single sideband radio so this is a ham radio and it allows us to communicate via voice and also an analog modem via email or thousands of miles so if all the communication systems ever go down and Armageddon happens we can still talk to other people out there we have our VHF radio that allows us to communicate it like close distances basically line-of-sight boat instruments this gives us our speed and the depth and then down here this is maybe the craziest thing that most boats aren't going to have this is the server rack that I installed for the satellite communication system so this is what allows us to basically beam Internet to us from space anywhere in the world we have a couple of safety devices so fire extinguisher and this isn't EPIRBs a stands for emergency position indicating radio beacon so for ever sailing in the middle of the ocean and we have a life-threatening situation the boat is on fire the boat is sinking something like that we can activate this by pulling this cord in the back it has a built-in GPS and it transmits our position and our boat name and who we are - is satellite in orbit and then it's picked up by the closest maritime Authority and they will route like a Coast Guard if they're available or a container ship or a cargo ship or something to try and help us so over here this is our water gauge so it's super simple we carry a thousand liters of water on Delos right now we have 500 liters and when we fill our pickup it's enough water to last us for almost a month this water maker is capable of making 200 liters or approximately 50 US gallons an hour so this is our living room this is basically where we do most of the things when we're inside of the boat you know eating we work here you know lounge around you can fit a lot of people which is very nice and we have a lot of crew on board one other thing that I really love with dolls is that we have so much food storage this is all food and stuff and if you here inside the cell phone we have freezers it's a bit empty right now because we haven't shopped in about a month but it is really really cool to have freezes like this because if we catch really big fish or if we're going off grid for a long time you know it's important to have some good food frozen so we have two of those on each side of the sofa on this side right now is Sierra's Plenty area as she's getting bigger it's been a bit challenging with her starting to climb over things and stuff so we have sown a little they don't like to call it caged but it's a playpen so we can close this up she can still be part of the action because you can see through it we can leave her in there if we need to do something like change the sails or something is going on where she needs to be put in a safe place this is where we put her do you think she likes it yeah so if you lift this up this canned food milks all the floors really lifts up and it's deep builder so all the canned foods we name them all so you can easily see what's inside and we take the labels off to prevent the spread of cockroaches so that's the procedure but it works well and we don't have a cockroach's right now which is very nice one of the things that I had never thought about when I first moved on to Delos 9 years ago was when you go off grid and you run out of food that's it there's no more getting more oh you're out there there is no store close to you and I remember when we first sailed up into like the islands in Indonesia and it was very remote and we ran out of tomatoes we ran out of eggs we ran out of all fresh vegetables and we were eating for the last really, month we were eating cans, it was a eye opener for me. her for me we spent most of our time anchored about 10% is sailing and 90% is a tanker on average we sail about 8,000 nautical miles per year and when we're at anchor we tend to try and stay out of actual port ports like places like marinas where there's a lot of boats and restaurants and bars like it's cool every once in a while but number one you spend a lot of money in places like that and number two we tend to like being on remote desolate places our plans for the you really depend on the weather we travel by the wind and the currents of the ocean and so looking at the seasons ahead of us is incredibly important both for our safety but also for our comfort we've had a sixty people fail on bellos over the last ten years it's been a lot and it's been absolutely incredible right now it's only me and Bryan and Sierra which is awesome it's perfect yeah it's very very nice I think it's safe to say that we've actually never been anywhere that we didn't want to go back to you there's always something special that you can find about the place of the people this is our bedroom in the back of the boat in the stern the two people it's pretty perfect we can even stand up we have a little desk which is really nice to sit back here and work a little bit we have a pretty big bed I would say he's not huge but it's nice and comfy and cushy if it gets really hot we have two fans so this is basically how we kind of stay cool back here we never really run the a/c unless or in a marina which is not very often we also have a separate bathroom also called the head on the boat which is kind of weird but this so in here we have everything you have in a toilet I think but just compact this is where you do your business and we have an electric motor so if you press this it basically fills with soft water from the ocean and then either pumps it straight out or we also have a holding tank so depending on where we are if we're out in the ocean it just goes up and if we're in somewhere where is a lot of boats and stuff we keep it in a holding tank we have pretty deep sinks which is really nice because I do do some hand washing so it's really good to hand wash stuff here and it can also act as a bath for Sierra which II was a little smaller we kind of have a combined so it's not a separate shower so you had the toilet there and then here you use clothespins baby shower in there well this is our closet it's not very big but it's pretty perfect for us and I've actually gone through a lot of our clothes and just got rid of a bunch of stuff and just have the necessities so this is all Brian's clothes on this side and all of my clothes on that side but we do have some smaller cabinets to like here I have my clothes so to maximize even more storage things that we don't get to like that often is under this bed so under here is all of our kind of store away stuff that long long-term storage so we have some extra sheets some cold weather stuff cold weather clothes and it's quite a lot of good storage down here so I'm gonna have a lot of people on the boat it's very nice to work back here too and then you pull this little chair out you can sit back here and do your computer things which is not very very nice this is a very very good safety feature on Delos and this door is actually a watertight bulkhead so if we would get a hole in our house in the boat back here we could close this door and this whole area back here would be separated from the front of the boat so this could be filled up with water and we would still float so we have a few of these on Delos and it's crucial if you get a hole in the boat and so you don't sink basically we have the forward cabin you can sleep three people up here if you're very very good friends otherwise it's good for one person or two people to sleep on one side and then you kind of have this other area on the side that's a little sofa or where you can put your stuff and right now because it's only me and Brian on board we have this as our kind of workroom we do sewing up here this is also our diaper drying station right now because the wind flow in here is awesome so it drives them really fast and up here we also have a second toilet which is very very nice to have on board in case one of them fails which happens quite often actually so this is a same as the one in the back and it works pretty much exactly the same we earn money by making YouTube videos yeah that's pretty much it we have a project and it's called the Delos project and it's 100% supported by what we refer to as the Delos tribe which are the people that watch our videos and we make some money with things like YouTube ad revenue and affiliate links but by far the majority of the support comes from crowdfunding on patreon where people that like the videos and get something out of them support them by giving us a few dollars every time we produce a video yeah it wasn't always like that though like for the first four years almost five years of the trip we were stopping to work and so we would sale and then we'd run out of money and then we would stop to work wherever we happen to be we do random things like I would do remote software consulting we'd roll burritos we'd flip burgers work in hospitality whatever it took to to continue sailing for another season how much it costs to live on a boat I've met people sailing around the world a family of five spending about $1,000 a month which is probably at the low end of the budget Karen and I and Sierra to live and sail on Delos we spend about $2,500 a month and that's including like our food our provisions fuel for the boat insurance visa fees some things like that what it's not including is the actual price of the boat so if you don't have enough money to buy a boat outright you're gonna have a mortgage or owe money and then that's gonna add on top yeah Brian spent a lot of time working on the boat yeah it's too you know imagine taking your house and shaking it up and put it into a wet saltwater corrosive environment and then moving it thousands of miles away from the nearest hardware store or anybody who could help you fix anything and that's a little bit what sailing around the world is like and so I spent a lot of time maintaining the boat in fact I've needed to become an electrician I've needed to become a plumber diesel mechanic toilet repairman air conditioning and refrigeration specialists and everything in between it's pretty common for me to spend at least a few full days a month just working on keeping the book in shape it can be incredibly expensive if you don't do your own work and so I figure our maintenance budget on Delos is about $700 a month averaged over the entire year and if we were not doing the work ourselves I think you could easily triple that amount just paying somebody a technician to come out and fix things all right now we're gonna take a look at the engine room which is really the heart of Delos and it lives in this cool little door this waterproof door in the bottom of our cockpit so we just want to put it up like that and then we have a ladder when you climb down here and once you get down here it has everything in it that really runs the boat so on this side we have a fuel tank it's 600 liters of fuel and that's enough to last us three to four months this is our engine so when there's no wind this is the main diesel engine that we use to propel the boat this is our generator so this is an 8 kilowatt AC generator runs off diesel fuel and when we need to charge the batteries or if you don't have enough solar or we need to do something that requires a lot of power we can flip this guy on this is our hot water heater so we have hot water showers on the boat which is actually quite a luxury I don't know if you can see down here this is our dive compressor so we run this off of the generator and it's what fills our scuba bottles so we're totally self-sufficient for diving which is totally cool we have the desalinator which turns saltwater into fresh drinking water which allows us to basically stay at sea indefinitely without that we'd have to go into port like every few weeks for water and battery chargers electronics and all sorts of cool stuff but it's a this is this is really my office so having a baby on the boat is absolutely incredible and extremely challenging at the same time yeah if you can imagine you know maintaining and sailing a boat is a full-time job and then having a child is also a full-time job and so we basically have two full-time jobs well I think somebody Wow so this is where Ciara sleeps she has a little beach tent as a safe place to sleep in here and right next to it we changed the diapers right in here above Sierra we have all our medical stuff everything you can think about antibiotic if you have a really bad sprain if you need to so some wound up we have pretty much everything EpiPens so under here we have eight 100 amp hour batteries it's a 24 volt system so this is I guess you could call this our back porch really we have a nice big area on the deck where we can sort of lounge and relax back here we have some solar panels we actually have 1400 watts of solar power on Delos which allows us to power the entire boat freezers fridges all the electronics everything off of solar and also wind power so we have two wind generators up here they each produce 400 watts of power so when the wind is blowing those guys are spinning and it's pumping in power this giant dish right here is our Internet so this is a gimballed satellite dome and it allows us to get broadband speed internet anywhere we go which given our line of work is absolutely fantastic now let's go check out the floor deck of Delos so this is Delos mainmast and where the mizzen is 52 feet high the main mast is 66 feet high sits over a six story building so it's pretty high this is our mainsail it's on a roller furling and these are electric motors with gearboxes that actually control how the sail comes out and how the sail rolls out of the mast that's what's controlled by those buttons in the cockpit so we never have to leave the cockpit to come up front and reef the sails or put them in or put them out so it's a super cool system you really can't be scared of heights when you live on a boat otherwise go to the top of the mast you'll be in trouble you know when you're in a house and a storm comes by and the wind and the rain starts it could be a very cozy experience on a boat it can sometimes be a very harrowing experience because you know your ear houses is in peril you know just the other night we were here and we woke up at midnight because we felt this sudden thud and the wind had shifted just enough to push Delos into shallow water so instead of floating happily at her anchor she was now bouncing off the bottom of the ocean which is a terrible terrible scenario to be in so here we are midnight middle of the night winds blowin it's raining and we have to get dressed we have to go outside and we have to pick up the anchor and we have to move the boat to deeper water and so that's that's that's a challenge you're always sort of living on guard and on the edge for situations like that so because we live on a boat things are a little bit different than a house in this locker we have survival supplies for worst-case scenarios so here we have a gigantic manual pump so if we start taking on water we start pumping for our lives literally here we have a life raft so this is a six man life raft it's Otto inflating if anything were to happen we pull the life raft out of the boat we throw it over we tie it on and it has enough supplies to last for I think seven days for six people we have spare water so we have 40 litres of fresh drinking water in case anything happens to our main water supply and we also have a ditch kit and so a ditch kit contains all the supplies that you would want to take with you if you abandon ship so we have spare VHF radio we have flashlights we have food we have even more water in here we have fishing gear we have signal mirrors if worst-case scenario were to come we take all this stuff out and then we would abandon ship with it and it would allow us to hopefully be rescued and survive long enough for somebody to find us I absolutely love living on a boat it's extremely special and I think one of the things I love the most is that you are so connected with the weather and nature you literally live outside all the time we've sailed in the tropics for quite a number of years and we're really looking forward to exploring some places that are different for us so we are gonna sail up to Greenland and up to the Arctic and play around in the ice for a little bit this summer it feels a little bit terrifying in fact when I think about it it puts like that that knot in my stomach and throughout this trip over the years every time that we've made a decision that sort of puts that that knot in our bellies it's turned out to be an incredible experience so we're gonna put a heater on Delos we're gonna set the boat up for cold weather pan we're gonna head up north and see what it's like please share this video if you liked it also be sure to subscribe to exploring alternatives and check out our playlists for more stories like this thanks for watching

  Top Comments:
  1. @ExploringAlternatives [2700 likes]: Thank you for watching!  We are so excited to have collaborated with SV Delos on this video and you can follow their journey on all the platforms here:
https://www.youtube.com/svdelos
https://www.instagram.com/svdelos/
https://www.patreon.com/svdelos
https://svdelos.com/
  2. @brodiesnapp6529 [3 likes]: We love yall thanks for opening my mind . Stay safe
  3. @Madzzz-f8c [1 likes]: This channel is awesome. Seen a few of the off grid videos. Thanks so much

I can do the sailing off grid thing for sure
  4. @catsamazing338 [1 likes]: Well that was rivetting. Most enjoyable. I wish you pleasant seas and beautiful sunsets.
  5. @John-p7i5g [1 likes]: This is so awesome
  6. @hatin_the_thinker [1 likes]: Love your guys video. Will support you. Thanks for sharing
  7. @AmsFox_Just4Fun_SA-v8q [1 likes]: Awesome you guys, fr. Cape Town, South Africa💕✌
  8. @KodiClement: I would love to learn more about the server rack
  9. @douglaswilt5978: Happy sailing ⛵️
  10. @elfotographer8535: Wow...this video like documentary...perfect
  11. @rsollinger: did anyone catch the baby steering?
  12. @sreyanthapa: Never Put Onions and Potatoes Together, it will ruin each other.
  13. @thomasmartin3471: As a paramedic having a little one on board is beyond reckless behaviour.
  14. @brankomrkalj3309: and then kid have to go to school !
  15. @ВасилийАлексеев-с6я: Куплю такую яхту и свалю на острова Кука...
  16. @lakshaykumar7525: How do you deal with pirates?
  17. @cavsanddawgs: Hand me downs
  18. @GreenWave-n1r: Nice cost co stop in PR❤
  19. @michaeldavid7296: Red flag seeing those bananas in the intro...
  20. @kylejacobs1682: What do you do for medical insurance

- How to Use a Seakeeper: Kind: captions Language: en hey there mark Connors again blue water yacht sales on the 41 regulator Norfolk ocean a lot of people wonder about the sea keeper and how it might operate it's very simple I'll demonstrate how how to turn the unit on it's a lot of people wonder how this thing works let me show you basically you have the CE CE keeper screen here so I've got the power turned on the the DC power which eliminates the screen and there's another breaker at the main AC breaker panel which turns on the unit itself and I have one last power button right here this button here so to turn the unit on all I have to do is push it on and if you notice this bar here it takes a while sometimes 15 maybe 20 minutes even for the CE keeper gyroscope you can see it's spinning here to spool up it gets to 20,000 plus rpm so it takes a little time if you notice the red line starting to show on the very far left it's going to take some time for it to go all the way over to the right but I will resume this video once it gets there and I'll show you how to activate the C key see in a few minutes okay so now a few minutes later we've let the C key ever spool up if you remember that the line was red and it was starting all the way here now it is stretched over I've read it was still red until the guts about where it is now and it turned green once the the bar has turned green I can now activate the C key it's currently locked if you look here there's a little red lock to turn it on to what's actually doing its purpose I hit this button and you see on the screen the gyroscope moving so right now if we were in an open in an open water that the C keeper would prevent the boat free thank you review the unit is on and it is spinning it's pulled up but it is not in active mode the red lock is on again to put it in active mode where it's doing its job I hit this button which has the lock and you see it rocking back and forth so it is on in an active mode to turn it back to inactive mode I just hit the same button a second time and you see the red lock come on and the gyroscope goes to still now to turn it off at the end of the day basically all I have to do is hit this power button and it's off thank you

  Top Comments:
  1. @birdmanilm4273: Markus!

- Seakeeper Annual Service: Kind: captions Language: en guys good afternoon this is jonathan kapic over at starboard yacht seat keeper project manager i'm out here in south florida a nice hot june day doing a quick annual service on two seakeeper nines on this awesome 94 for ready so i want to walk you guys through the process real quick on what has to be done on your seat keeper annually so you guys can maintain your seat keeper and get the maximum performance that you desire out of your seat keeper so real quick we're gonna swap out the accumulators on the hydraulic manifold so these accumulators maintain the pressure in the manifold so when we replace these we lose the so we're going to pump new fluid through there repressurize and manifold you're good to go on there and then we're going to move on to the heat exchanger so on the heat exchanger you have coolant 50-50 radiator coolant inside the heat exchanger we're going to flush that out put a new one new cooling in there for you guys and once we're done with that we'll swap out the zinc on the heat and that's it you guys are gonna be on your way and enjoy your day on the water give us a call if you need anything [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @thediplomasta5891: I would only add: if the zinc is severely degraded when you remove it, pull the end cap off that side of the heat exchanger and make sure your tubes are clear of debris. 👍
  2. @Sometimessailing: Cool

- Seakeeper Alarm Code: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] you

  Top Comments:
  1. @AkkiSap: I got code 41,35 and 43
  2. @dipeshtandel3431: I got 14 code, what should I do next?

- Boat Stabilizers Explained: Inside the Z-Gyro System (No Marketing Hype): Kind: captions Language: en Okay, maybe we can power on it first. >> Yeah, >> now it's open. >> Fancy. >> First of all, I I introduced the some system. >> the first system is the flywheel system. We have a motor inside to speed up the fly wheel inside and this is here and with some helen inside 20% helen and the fly will run inside. Another thing is we when we install the gyro, we only we have a one power supply here. >> Yes, >> that's the only power supply we need. >> And for the here we have a sever pump. >> Yeah. >> For this pump, we the gyro will power it by itself. >> We will convert the the power to 24 volt and then power it. >> Okay. So um so I understand what's happening is if the power is turned off here I'll disconnect here as you were explaining to me before it will >> is that as it's spilling down it's taking regenerative power from that cycle and powering itself but it manages its own shutdown cycle. >> Yes. >> Yeah. Correct. >> And you were saying before that >> you can use still use the unit for up to half an hour. >> Half an hour. >> Half an hour. And that pump there is that that's a self priming pump. >> Yeah, it's a very good pump for sea water. >> Yeah, I've seen them. They're very very impressive. Do do you before you release these, do you bench test them? >> Of course. Every unit before we deliver it, we have our own test platform. >> Yeah. The platform can simulate all kinds of simulations. >> we test it on the platform for over 40 48 hours. >> 48 hours. >> 48 hours. After that, we can deliver it because we we we should know what's the performance of the gyro >> before we deliver it. >> It's good or not. >> After we confirm on the test platform, we we confirm is everything is good, we can deliver it. >> Yeah. And also for every gyro, we have a manual to record every test data. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> And after we deliver it, we keep it >> if if in the future the gyro we can check it. We can check every data for this one. >> It's awesome that you you know you actually bench test these, stress test them before they end up in the customer's hands and delivering the the joy of gyro to the customer. Yeah. >> When you put this in, did you have to do much to dismantle putting this one in or was this a fairly straightforward? This would have been a fairly straightforward install. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So, for some installation, the entrance is not big enough. Usually, we will disassemble the gyro into parts and then we move the parts into it and reassemble here. This is a good way for some boats because for some boats if you cut it, it is for some boat owner, they don't want to do that. >> Yeah. Of course. >> Yeah. So we assemble our gyro reassemble here. >> So you can reassemble it in situ. >> Now the other advantage I believe is that the servicing and even major component servicing can be done on the boat. >> Yeah. Every every maintenance every repairment we can do >> on the on board. Yeah. You don't need to lift it out >> to do the maintenance or to repair it. >> And does that include replacing the bearings? >> Yeah, of course. >> Yeah. Oh, that's absolutely awesome. The you mentioned the heat exchanger. There's a heat exchanger over over here and then that'll have sacrificial anodes. >> Anode. Yeah, anode is actually is outside. It's outside but yeah, it's connected with the heat exchanger. Every six months we recommend to exchange it or check it every 6 months. >> And is that heat exchanger also a replacement part? >> Yeah, it's a replacement part. We recommend to replace it every two years or every 2,000 working hours. >> Every 2,000 working. Okay. So it's like I think that's amazing that you've actually gone with the heat exchanger and looked at it like replacing a oil filter on an engine because any coolant heat exchanger has a higher risk of corrosion as we know. So you've just looked at that like that's a replacement part. >> And I can see here quite easily if we look in here uh it's just hoses and bolts on the side. So that can be just swapped out really easily. >> Yeah. It's easy to disconnect the the path. >> And also the sensor cable, disconnect it. And then some screws, some BS, and then take it out and change the new one. >> So even if just like in the unlikely event, because it's unlikely we'll have a problem with this, but if that was found to be >> fault or one of these units is fault, we can >> send a unit and replace it. >> Replace it. We designed it in model different models. If some model have problems, we can change it immediately directly. You don't need to fix it or on board or something. Change it to a new one. >> Just swap it out. >> that is so awesome. >> that's really cool. And do they all come with those awesome blue lights? >> Yeah, lights. >> I like it. Looks good. >> It looks good in engine room. >> Also, the lights you can customize. Some some customers, they think maybe green or red. >> Yeah, that's okay. >> Whatever their lucky color is, huh? >> Yeah. Yeah. [laughter] >> That's cool. just a present for our owners. Yeah, >> that's awesome. >> I think and we've discussed that the most important component of this is making sure it's installed properly is the key is a really key element >> because I can see the unit itself is fairly straightforward. It's plug and play. It's put it in, connect it, and away you go. But the key thing is is this. I mean, if you look at the base here, >> Yeah. It's seriously solid the way that's been >> fastened into the structure. And this is the base plate down here. >> The way it's been engineered to >> fit in and really clamp in. So that's a key thing with installation. >> Yeah. Because this is a refit case. >> We make the installation phase. After we make the measurement, we design it and then manufacture it. It's a steel >> stainless face. Yeah. >> Awesome, mate. Well, we've just been out in that wild ocean. That was a really heavy test for this unit. >> Yeah, it performed really well. So, >> that's good. >> I appreciate it. >> Thanks for Thanks for Thanks for showing me. Appreciate it. by now.

- Trim properly and a following sea is no problem: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Catamaran myth number one. Catamarans don't perform well in following seas and suffer from bow steer that makes them swerve. Well, I got to tell you that any boat does that in a following sea if you don't know what you're doing. If you trim a monohal's bow down in a following sea, it's going to swerve because you're trying to stuff that bow in and you get resistance. It's the same thing with a catamaran. If you have your boat trimmed down at the bow and you are in a following sea, yeah, you're going to push those bows in and the wave is going to force the bow one way or the other. However, just like in a monohole, if you trim the bow up in a following sea, you come up and over the wave instead of trying to push down and into it. And that's what causes that swerving steering in a following sea in any boat. And you just have to know what you're doing.

  Top Comments:
  1. @284Intrepid [3 likes]: what size WC is that? 29?32?
  2. @Powercatgroup [1 likes]: That is a 320CC

- North River & Seakeeper Test Ride in Charleston, Oregon!: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] I'm Chris Robert with North River boats I'm here with Nicholas from seae keeper he just flew in from Florida we're in Charleston Oregon right now testing out this 35 walk around it's a 106 beam build we installed the seae keeper 3 and also the seae keeper ride 600 system on this boat we partner with North Riv on this boat we have both our seeke keeper 3 gyro on the boat as well as our ride 600 system seeke keeper ride is a complete vessel attitude control system we're able to help improve the boat's whole shot um as well as control and roll pitch and yell underway to give the boat the best ride possible and we also have our seeke keeper 3 gyro on here as well and a gyro really helps to combat the rooll uh to stabilize the boat at lower speeds or at rest and so this boat also had the seae keeper rides installed so that's more of less when the boat's underway so you want to go into detail about you know how do we trim that and what kind of percentages you're seeing coming out of the boat so with the SE ride system like I said it's a complete bestel attitude control system and what we mean by that is we have uh two controllers on the back that are taking 1,000 measurements a second of what the boat's doing and then we're able to uh adjust those controllers up to 100 times a second so what that means basically is underway we're able to reduce your pitch and your roll up to 70% while the boat's on plane which is very impressive you're someone like me who gets motion sickness very easily I can appreciate the seat keeper ride system and the seeke keeper 3 for both both underway and sitting static while you're fishing yeah the uh the seae keeper ride will help you get there and the seae keeper gyro will help you stay there we're going to go out and do another spin with this boat and we have the owner on board Mr Yates and we going to let him drive it and test it out Nicholas thank you for coming by thanks sir see you at the next one pleasure being here see you guys later

  Top Comments:
  1. @SeaSickChris [3 likes]: Yes, North River will be at the Seattle Boat Show.
  2. @Iced-D1 [3 likes]: You both are good spokesmen for your companies.  Hope you'll be at the Seattle boat show.
  3. @ShoeString13: The outboards are nice

- Stop the Rock! Do power catamarans benefit from a Seakeeper?: Kind: captions Language: en Hi, I'm Shane Grover from Mai Yachts and I'm here today to answer some of the questions we frequently get asked and to debunk some of the myths about power catamarans. One question we surprisingly get asked quite frequently is whether a seaeper can be fitted to a power catamaran. A seaeper is a type of stabilizer using a gyroscope. It's mounted into the hull and powered by electricity provides stability. There's other types of stabilizers which include foils or tabs that work while the boat is underway, but the gyroscope is powered by electricity and can work when the boat's stable or underway. Yes, a seaeper or stabilizer can be fitted to a power catamaran. However, it is entirely redundant. It is not necessary in any form. The power catamaran gets a stability from its inherent hole form. The wide beam and two holes make a large wide platform keeping the center of gravity central and low. Catamaran is far more stable than a monohole because it has two holes and a wide beam. Think of it like a table. A table with two legs is going to be far more stable than one with a central leg. When a monohole goes over a wave, the hole tips from side to side with the wave. When the wave passes, this doesn't just stop. It takes time for the energy to dissipate. With a catamaran, the wave will still pass under the boat, tilting the hole somewhat, but it will not have the exaggerated impact after the wave passes. This keeps the catamaran so much more stable and comfortable and is one of the primary reasons credited when people transition from monoholes to catamarans. You can only really appreciate this when you try catamaran in real life. If you haven't been on out in the water on a power catamaran, give us a call, send us an email. Let's get in touch and bring you out on the water at the next opportunity. I hope you found this video interesting and I'll be seeing you out in the water very soon.

  Top Comments:
  1. @MrTimEdmunds: Hey mate


Are you an Aussie.

Like your boats.

Looks like you have a dealer here in Newport Sydney Marine Brokerage.

Have to go check them out.

Good luck and well done

Tim

- How a Seakeeper Gyro Stabilizer works to reduce side-to-side Roll on a Boat or Yacht......: Kind: captions Language: en hey guys it's Chris with one Water Yacht group today we are talking about sea keeper gyroscopic stabilizers now this big white box that I'm sitting on here in the engine room is a sea keeper gyroscopic stabilizer and the physics of gyroscopic stabilization are pretty complex but the implementation of those physics and how they work is actually pretty straightforward so here's how a gyroscopic stabilizer Works number one we spin up a very heavy frisbee shaped disc inside of this box and we spin that disc up to about 10 000 rotations per minute and when you start your boat it often takes 20 to 40 minutes depending on the size of your gyro to get that disc spinning to the full 10 000 RPM speed now once the disc is spinning we can either Engage The Gyro or disengage the gyro the disk stays spinning at all times regardless and when we Engage The Gyro all we are doing is we are allowing this gyroscope to freely move forward and aft as the boat rolls side to side so a lot of people myself included assumed that well if we're using a gyroscope to counteract the motion the side to side motion of a boat we are going the opposite way so if the boat's going this way or moving our gyroscope that way it doesn't work that way and we don't actually move the gyroscope at all the gyroscope moves itself so when the boat goes that way the gyroscope freely moves forward because that gyroscopic precession has a perpendicular torque effect not to get too detailed that counterbalances the motion this way and when the boat moves this way the gyroscope freely on its own wrote slot swivels back towards the stern of the boat so the gyroscope moves on its own perpendicular to the motion it's counteracting now the physics are complicated but the implementation is pretty straightforward we spin a gyroscope 10 000 RPM we either lock it in place so it's not engaged so it cannot move back and forth or by engaging the system we allow the gyroscope to freely move back and forth and that free movement back and forth the ability of the gyroscope to move on its own naturally according to the laws of physics very very dramatically counteracts that side to side motion of the boat so physics are complicated the implementation is straightforward a large spinning disc ten thousand rotations per minute if we want to counteract rotation we allow it freedom to swivel back and forth in response to the side to side motion of our bone and it works incredibly well

  Top Comments:
  1. @Kayaz48 [10 likes]: The forces that these kinds of gyros can create our immense. How do you keep it from tearing the bottom of the boat out. And doesn't that shorten the life of the hall because it's warping and twisting forces? Serious question
  2. @perkygrubb [5 likes]: That’s amazing. I thought, like you, that it swiveled side to side opposite of the boat motion. Now I’m going to have to look at some more info. Really fascinating and thanks for explaining! I was wondering.
  3. @johncox3351 [2 likes]: This video explains how the gyro reduces roll, but Seakeeper claims their product reduces pitch, roll, and yaw.  How is this possible if the gyroscope only moves on one axis?  I realize this may require a deeper physics lesson -- if so, bring it on!
  4. @jaimelopez3991 [1 likes]: Thanks Chris, great explanation. Two questions from here: does Seekeeper work on batteries? I am talking about the yacht being anchored at a cala in Spain and working silently while the people are at sleep? Second, precisely that.... is it a silent mechanism ? Cheers from Spain
  5. @danylandrysoutheastflorida3378 [1 likes]: Very interesting Chris! It helps to understand the whole concept! Very helpful!
  6. @marcogaspari8512: but what about accelerations?
  7. @nickfpeacock: Would it help a catamaran with a narrower base?
  8. @tinycreekhomestead: Yeah physics.  Cool tech.
  9. @yaulkwong3775: Hi, do you think a catamaran 60 feet need such stabilizer? or better need two side by side?
  10. @savoylunsford3023: Would it work on my RV 😅 keeping it from rocking at night
  11. @stewie84: Saying it’s complicated sounded a lot like “I don’t understand the physics well enough to explain it” 😂😂😂 but thanks for the demo
  12. @rampy4963: How much does it weigh?
  13. @wilfridkroath1059: Brilliant explanation - Thanks!

- Adjusting Our Seakeeper RIDE System for Optimal Performance: Kind: captions Language: en we're out on the water working with our seae keeper ride system and really going through all the settings and making some some fine-tuning here before the season starts see here it's tied right into the Nea 2000 Network on my lauran so I click on the right icon and the display pops right up we've got it in Auto I'll go ahead and get up on step here a little bit for you and uh you can [Music] see where the the controllers are actually working right here to get us up on step they're helping get us up on step we can take it out Auto if we want right there we can also use the keypad over here to do the same thing I'll gohe and click it on again right there you can see we can make adjustments here we can push the bow down in the auto settings we can bring it back up here all the way I can go Port starboard it's a really intuitive display here so you can tell exactly what's going on with the boat right in the display but then what I really like here we've been playing with this here about the last hour and trying to figure this out and I think we've got it dialed in is the trim command curve and I think this is really going to help when we get a full load of customers on here TCC right there trim command curve when we get a full load of customers and ice and everything else and fish and we're pretty heavy on the low end you can see the hole shot function right in here so this is I'll go and pull it back here so we're not quite so bouncy this is 40% trim at 10 m an hour then when we get to 15 M an hour the trim backs off a little bit to 25 20 M hour it comes down even further and then I've got it set to about 5% trim from 25 mes an hour on up through top speed 45 50 m an hour we've been playing with this and it seems to be about right now it's easy to make these adjustments let's go to let's say let's say 25 M hour we want to increase the trim we can do that easily right there go to 30 m hour we're going to bring the bow down to 30 we can do that earlier we were playing with our hole shot and our top speed on the hole shot we actually got it down to like I think 5.2 seconds 0 to 30 playing with this lower end trim here I think this is going to be a great curve when we're loaded we've got a lot of weight on board customers and fish and ice and everything and uh as you can see it's going to kind of hard to tell from the camera there but we just popped right up on step it's just forcing the stern up getting the bow down and we just planed out immediately I just really think this seeke keeper ride system is going to be a huge benefit on the chter about this summer uh not only from the ride alone just providing a more comfortable ride for the passengers and myself but being able to play with this trim curve and just make adjustments on the fly as we get rolling and get more Charters under our belt I'll be able to make some adjustments along the way here and we'll share some of that content with you throughout the season here in Alaska we've already got some videos up as well on live the boat and then you can see where I've got it I've already got a split screen set up here on my Lance to where now I've got this intuitive display right here on the screen if it gets foggy and I want to put radar up here and not take a bunch of real estate up with this we've got the control pad right over here on the side so I can make the adjustments over here and I get this off the screen anyway that's what's going on with the seat keeper ride system we're still learning but the more I dive into that the more I just think it's going to be just awesome on the charter boat thanks for stopping by live the boat as always drop your comments and questions down below we'll catch you next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @joseramos7476: I have sea keeper ride, I feel like I still hve to steer to keep it straight is that normal?
  2. @MarianoCarranza-f5q: Hello! Just watched your YouTube video about Seakeeper. Amazing content!

I bought a Seakeeper Ride 450 for my new boat in Argentina. The team installed is seamlessly, however we are facing a problem with the final step connecting to a Mercury Vessel View screen (bought the cable separately)

Would you mind sharing the contact of the person that installed the Seakeeper for you? Hopefully he can help us 🙏

Thanks!
  3. @q8kw484: I have installed everything and connectd it to Nmea2000 but i cant see the Ride on my lowrance hds pro what do ?
  4. @djlenny777: why no trim using outboards?
  5. @haryballzonya: Great vid. Very informative.
  6. @clayreynolds5502: Will the hull Maxx work on fiber glass boat's
  7. @clayreynolds5502: Hi Rob got your Xmas card thanks hope it's a great year

- Little Known Commands That Help You Get The Most From Your Seakeeper Ride: Kind: captions Language: en if you've been paying attention to social media for the last year you've been hearing about this new seae keeper ride especially you Yamaha guys out there we had something kind of special happened this week we had so many seae keeper ride guys jump in all at one time we had this huge show and there's six boats in here right now getting seae keeper ride 255 XD 222 FSH series 255 fshh series 252 FSH E Series 255 FSH H series and then finally 252 sdx this last boat is in for a seae keeper today why is everybody doing the seeke keeper thing let's go jump on the water and I'll show you why [Music] [Applause] today I want to teach you a little secret they're not going to teach you when they install your system your seeke keeper ride system this is something I had to learn just by using it and I'm telling you I wish I had learned this day one this is totally changes everything right you use the seeper ride so look at your keypad when you turn the system on it's going to light up in this white circle here it's going to show Auto on your screen and there's going be a set of white lights right up here at the top when you're operating in full Auto the system's back there doing its thing managing pitch and roll when you get into rough Seas though you can bias the bow in a downward angle so the bow is plowing into those waves cutting through those waves instead of skimming across the top you get a much better ride now you're going to notice a little drop in speed when you do that because it's kind of like throwing the brakes on but you're going to get a much more comfortable riding the chop watch this when I press this up Arrow here you're going to see these side arrows here starting to go on so you can go all the way down when you're at like no speed or if you're in manual you'll be able to activate all the way down when you go up into like let's say 20 25 30 mph you may find that it's going to limit you to around here about half deployment or so so not a big deal I think the system is designed that way to keep from being over pressurized at higher speeds but anyway when you're cruising along at higher speeds and you got some rough stuff bias the bow down it's going to make a much smoother ride so earlier we also recorded when we were cruising along we showed how we could bias the port side up or bias the starboard side up just by choosing the arrows if I press the arrow to the right you'll notice that white dot moves to the right the boat's going to lean in that direction and that's really helpful if you've got wind coming across the opposite side you want to bring that side up and protect you from the wind or protect you from some of that spray keeping the water out of the boat that's huge I didn't learn that day one but I'm telling you I wish I had it's the coolest thing about the seeke keeper is the bias feature remember system on press that up Arrow light those white lights up and when you do the bowels going to drop the speed's going to drop but Man the ride gets just can't say enough about it all right let's go have some more fun la la one of the joys of this job is just running up on dolphins in the middle of a shoot there's this this mob of dolphins on all sides jumping and playing it's that time of year well I hope you guys had fun with us today we certainly did showing you some of the features of the seae keeper ride um if you have any questions about seae keeper ride comment below glad to answer those questions for you obviously you can find seeke keeper ride on our website jet.com we'll put a link in the description below for you if you got more questions hit us up email however you want to contact us be glad to reach out and give me some more information and by the way if you like this video check this one out

  Top Comments:
  1. @brightpaul [3 likes]: Having just had mine installed I’m still learning some of the nuances .like you say they don’t give you much of an explanation when it’s installed. However, if I bias the front end down three or four notches haven’t I just eliminated the whole sea keeper advantage, and just created trim tabs ?because they’re down four notches all the time And no longer self adjusting. Or are they down four notches all the time and self adjusting  higher as needed to keep the boat stable.🤷‍♂️
  2. @TheDaddymike84 [1 likes]: Thank you for this. New 245seapro sandbar without any info on it except push it in the middle to be on. 
I often wonder if its on or if i need to turn it on so i push it underway and see what happens. White lights dont tell my brain its on. I guess colored lights would feel on. Nice tip on keeping bow down i like that
  3. @billmonrean1694 [1 likes]: I want to have your crew install the seakeeper ride on my 255 fsh e. I will be coming through florida in mid August.  Will it be possible to schedule and plan for 2 to 3 days in your area?
  4. @KYMABoats [1 likes]: Sea Keeper is a game changer for sure!  Keep up the great work!
  5. @DSwieca486 [1 likes]: Seems like a good time to do a FSH model comparison!
  6. @briantrucker3923 [1 likes]: Maybe do a comparison against the zipwake systems
  7. @troys8738: Rough ball park.  Whats it cost?   I dont have a boat but i been looking at these yamahas
  8. @Jmac-1: Want to purchase a system for my fsg but I’m in the Bahamas, no one to install it

- Tech Talk - Updating Your Seakeeper Ride System: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome back to another episode of Tech Talk. My name is Stephen. Today we're going to be going over the quick and easy process of updating your Seaeper ride system. The first thing you want to do is make sure you have a USB thumb drive and a USB to micro USB adapter, which you can find in your sportsman owner's bag. The next step is you want to get on your computer and go to the Seaeper ride web page where you'll go to the support page and download the latest software update. Once you're on the boat, make sure everything is powered on. Then you're going to want to navigate to the Seaeper ride screen. You can do this by pressing the home button, then the vessel tab, then scrolling over until you see the ride tab. Next, I'm going to get into the console and plug this into the back of the Seaeper ride module. As you can see, all you have to do is just plug it in and it's updating immediately. This update will provide bug fixes and also the ability to add the toolbar to any screen. Thanks for tuning in to another episode of Tech Talk. This is how you update your Sea Keeper ride system. Please leave any comments or questions below or send them to our Tech Talk email. Please like and subscribe. Thanks for tuning in. We'll see you next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Tarantula22-x8v [2 likes]: I have a sportsman 267 OE. Nowhere behind the console is the SEAKEEPER RIDE module.  Where would it be buried, and why isnt it accessible.
  2. @WilliamRogner: I cannot find the module for plugging in the cable on my 261.

- Marine Watermaker: Do It Yourself | Sailing Sunday: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hey guys it's ryan here from sailing sunday a lot of you guys have been asking me about this one thousand dollar water making it does just shy of a hundred liters per hour i'm going to take you through exactly how i hooked it all up the wiring diagram all the parts that i used the price of the parts i pretty much got everything online so if i could make this in the middle of a covered lockdown in sicily i think i did a bit more in tunisia and i finally finished it off in sardinia then mate you can do this too so let's go through it all i'll tell you step by step exactly what's up with this watermaker [Laughter] so the first thing you need to do is work out where you're going to put this water maker we chose the back starboard lazarette the pump we use can give us a lift 1.5 meters so we're trying to keep everything underneath that height for this location though i had to build a couple of shelves with a carpentry background that was easy so the main parts that form your water maker is going to be a 12 volt pre-pump which feeds water into your high pressure pump between them you're going to need a 20 and a 5 micron filter though to filter out the water before then finally going through your reverse osmosis membrane which in our case is a two and a half inch by 40 inch tube which will then go through a pressure gauge and a needle valve you'll crank up to 800 psi which will then dispose of the salt water through a separate through hole leaving your fresh drinking water to use but you know what we'll go through that section with the switchboard a bit later on so you're probably sitting there right now going whoa like what the hell does all this stuff mean but what we're essentially doing is we're converting sea water salt water into fresh drinking water which is pretty cool so just to recap the sea strainer is going to move the large debris before it enters into your 12 volt pump the 20 and the 5 micron filter will clean that water further protecting your high pressure pump and your reverse osmosis membrane because they're the most expensive parts of this whole system so let's go through these parts in more detail now keep in mind our boat runs on 12 and 220 volts some of you guys might have 24 and 110 so just make sure you check that out when you jump online or go in store so first up is a 12 volt pre-pump this is the one we used but the most important part is you want something that's a continuous running pump that's rated at 35 liters per minute and we paid about 120 euro for this pump next up are the pre-filters these are just standard 10-inch sediment filters you're gonna need a 20 and a five micron i'll put a link in the description of all this stuff below for you guys this brings us to the heart of the whole system the 220 volt high pressure pump now we have a cat pump which is one of the industry leaders and we're running that of a two horsepower motor we actually got this from a friend but before that i was looking on ebay for a used one for around a few hundred bucks this runs off about 5.5 kva generator we have on the boat up until now we've just used standard 16mm hose throughout the system but once you exit the cat pump you're going to need a hydraulic high pressure hose which we actually got from a forklift factory in sicily for about 40 bucks that was the two of them with that we need to use stainless steel high pressure fittings also which we got from a world wide company called bertillo which was actually based in italy just keep in mind guys there's different threads either going to have bspp bspt or npt so this depends on where you buy the product from is what type of threat it's going to have and you can't mix the threads or you'll get leaks pressure vessel we bought from the uk from a company called phoenix i think that was only about 250 bucks but the actual membrane that goes inside the pressure vessel that was worth more i think we paid around 300 for that delivered we bought them both direct with the company now the final piece of this puzzle is the food grade tubing for the fresh water and if you want you can add a tds monitor which stands for total dissolved solids that measures the purity of the water to install one of these you just cut the tube put in a t-piece and plug it in the best thing about the one we got is that it's battery operated so i hope you guys are keeping up because we're almost there next up is the electrical system which is pretty straightforward so let's go through that one now hey mate okay i've got to be honest i did mine slightly different to what i'm going to show you using solenoids and thinner cables mainly because i couldn't find the right switches but if you don't know what you're doing i don't want you burn your boat down so i'm not going to even try and explain that basically if you just run your cables and your switches that work for 20 amps you're going to be sweet for the 12-volt pump it was quite simple i essentially just ran a line straight from my house batteries into a circuit breaker from the circuit breaker went through to a switch from the switch went to the positive of the pump and the negative just went straight to the house battery bank piece of piss now the high pressure pump runs on 220 so i tapped into our switchboard for the generator we ran the live and neutral back through to the switchboard on the water maker that i put on that goes through a circuit breaker up to a 20 amp switch and back through to the actual high pressure pump itself a lot of guys told me don't bother about connecting the earth on the high pressure pump but we had a nerf on the boat for the generator so i just tapped into that as well and as mentioned earlier the tds monitor is battery operated so that's it guys that's our water maker for around about a thousand bucks i mean we already had the cat pump and a few extra fittings so let's just round it up to about 1500 you guys get yourself a water maker now it's not pretty it's super straightforward but that's what we wanted because we keep hearing stories that people are always waiting on parts something breaking down with ours it's just stupid simple it's just like a b c done and that's how we wanted it because we're going to be in some remote places where we want to be looking for parts we want off-the-shelf pieces to just pick up the local hardware store or the local forklift factory because they they tend to sell high-pressure stuff so we'll quickly go up the back turn around we'll make some water foreign you

  Top Comments:
  1. @SailingSunday [8 likes]: UPDATE: 
I deleted the puppy pump and it's basically now just:
Sea strainer after the seatcock - food grade hose - 20 & 5 Micron filter - food grade hose - Highpressure pump - highpressure hose - PV1 #1 - highpressure hose - PV #2. 

- Brine output = high pressure hose - dial - needle valve - hose - cockpit seacock.
- Freshwater output = food grade tubing - TDS meter - food grade tubing. and I manually put in the tanks or fill bottles. 

Notes* The HP catpump has a pressure relief valve to protect it and I don't flush the watermaker after every use because we live on the boat 24/7, I use it for about 1 hr or every 30 minutes every 2 days and seems to be ok. The last membrane never went higher than 200ppm after 3 years. I only replaced the membrane because I upgraded it.
  2. @stevepritchard9544 [2 likes]: Top stuff thanks for the simple explanation, happy sailing.
  3. @marlinpruett8343 [1 likes]: I seen a water maker they used electric high pressure washer that bought from Walmart which was 110 and it works fine They just took the motor and the pump off and they use that as for their water maker
  4. @Bijou_Voyager [1 likes]: I have worked for phoenix vessels for 27 years if you ever need any help with the pressure vessel I would be happy to help . Best regards Adam
  5. @mani0088 [1 likes]: Very nice! Where can I buy the pressure vessel? I didnt find the phoenix shop.
  6. @SegelnAnastasiaII: How many amps per H and how many Litres?
  7. @glennvoyer4624: WOULD BE NICE IF I COULD GET DIAGRAME OF WIRERING THE SOLINODS TO MOTOR
  8. @holisticaustralia: Sounds very quiet 😅
  9. @msnuzmas3997: What power is needed?
  10. @gusoliverbar9392: Love this project. How many psi‘s is your High pressure water pump, and how many watts does the entire system use per hour?
  11. @951porsche951: Still waiting for the link mate
  12. @michaelcarman4875: why drill holes in the hull??
  13. @johnyalowica8423: Do you have a list of parts? 
Cheers
Yukon John
  14. @TheFeralGrandma: We have household R-O, and from your video, it looks like not much more is wanted to have a watermaker.  I think the TDS monitor sounds great, we don't have one on the household R-O.  Maybe  they think upland people don't care, but we see flooding occasionally, so it makes more sense to have that than not to.
  15. @rampenkuulumiset4560: Hi.
You've probably compared products from different manufacturers, so it would be nice if you could also tell why you choose this particular Watermaker. Is the price / quality ratio good, etc. comparisons.

It's a different matter, if a company has sponsored this product for you, then there is not much weight for that choice. :)
  16. @markchris007: Really cool video, but what about flushing the membranes? No need?
  17. @MicheleMarchiVidi: thanks man, I was looking crazy at the price of differents watermaker and i think i will do like you.
  18. @Verccina: Hi there, we were watching your video about the water maker a year ago, dreaming about a sailboat... and here we are, watching back your video in our sailboat in Sicily! ☺ Are you guys planning to add the links for the parts you used? Thank you for this video, it is well explained! ☺
  19. @JayPerrypersonal: Great video mate, if we can’t get our Desalinator working I think I’ll just rip it out and make one. Maybe my pumps are still good to re-use
  20. @novelistusonthewater: well done and great video but some doubt your $1000 big time even with the gifted HP pump. Anyhow, good job.

- Watermaker - Sea made drinkable: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome to Croatia. This is a driatic sea. So, how to make this sea water drinkable? This is the pump and these hoses. So, this one I'm going to throw into the sea water. And this is a pre filter. Through this hose, it's going to be a brine water. So, this is the rejection, very salty water. And through here, we're going to get a fresh water. So, first I have to pump it for 5 minutes. uh just to flush it before every use. You have to pump it for five minutes. So now I'm just going to throw this in the water. So the water is coming in the system now. It's actually very easy to pump right now, but it should get harder. I guess it's actually very easy to pump. Too easy. But we'll see. Okay, now I'm getting more pressure. Yeah. Okay, now I can feel more and more because the system is uh Okay, now there's more pressure. Okay, so now see this coming out here. This is the brine water and this is going to be very salty. And through this one, we're going to get the fresh water. And there's always going to be way more water coming out of this one than uh through this one. So they said 5 minutes. It's quite easy to pump actually. See, I don't even have to hold here. I can just go from here. So, I guess this uh white thing is cuz I'm using it just for the first time. Uh there's probably some preservative or something in the membrane. So, that's why I guess it's getting this milky. I've been pumping now for 5 minutes. So, this is the brine water. And you can see it's less uh milky, which means uh that the membrane had to be flushed. And in 5 minutes, this is how much fresh water I produced. So, I mean, it's not hard to pump it, but you know, just try doing this for 5 minutes. You know, it's not that easy. I'm kind of sweating already. I mean, I would definitely way rather be sailing on that sailboat than pumping this. Uh but now, okay, let's see the test. So now this is the empty. And now I want to see how much I can produce in 5 minutes. So I'm going to put this in here. It's not hard to pump it. Uh they say in 1 hour you can produce 4 liters of drinking water. So doing this for 1 hour. I mean I guess in emergency if it's very hot you're going to probably sweat more than you're going to drink it. Joke. I don't know. We really have to try it. But it does uh seems like it does produce u fresh water. If this was a wine maker or beer maker, it'll be way easier and way more fun. So, this is the version two and they're going to put out the version three like in a couple months. It's coming out and it's supposed to put double the amount of the water. So if it makes four liters in 1 hour, that's 2 liters in half an hour, that's one liter in 15 minutes, which means in 5 minutes, this cup should be full. So let's take a look now. Okay, so it's been 5 minutes. So now let's see how much water we have. So I would say it's around 1/3. So this is around one good dec. Liter, which is definitely not 4 liters. So is this working or not? So actually I'm not going to drink this one. I'm going to drink uh the second 5 minutes I do just because to make sure it's really flushed cuz it's used for the first time. But this is the TDS meter. So, this is going to actually tell us uh particles per million. See? So, now it's zero. So, I'm going to put it in here. So, we can actually measure how salty uh the water is. So, it's reading 743. So, as much as I know, anything under the thousand is considered drinkable. Okay. So, this one I'm going to reject and I'm going to do another five minutes. I'm looking at this guy. This is the filter. It's kind of submerged, but sometimes maybe it takes a little bit of air. So, I'm going to put the stone. So, now when I put it into the water now, it actually sinks way deeper. So, I'm going to start all over again. So, put it in here. So, let's see how it feels. Well, it feels kind of similar, but let's see. We're going to do 5 minutes. So, what options do we have? So in a survival situation, we can use these manual ones and this one is €250. There's another brand Kadina which has been doing them for a lot of time and it comes around €2,000. So this is almost 10 times cheaper. Uh another option is you can have a solar steel. I made a video about that. Or like if you're on island, you can make any solar steel. Basically you have to evaporate water using the sun and then you have to somehow collect it and uh well you can collect rain and I guess this is more or less uh the free methods. So basically this is the the salinator and all the sailboats you know cruisers big ships on the sea use the same principle it's all the same just bigger and electric and you can produce like 50 100,000 liters per hour. Uh this one is just like manual so it takes a lot of time and energy. So we have produced uh same amount of water. I would say it's 1/3 of this cup. So I would say it's around one dec. And let's check with this TDS meter. Now it's 870. I wonder if it's because it's deeper in the water. Maybe it's saltier. I don't know the physics. But yeah, this is so anything under 1,000 uh TDS supposed to be drinkable. Saluti. Cheers. Nazraia. Croatia. We have jali or nraia. So I'm going to drink this. And then if you're watching a video right now, that means I'm still alive. If you're not uh watching this video, that means something was wrong with this water. So let's just see how to drink it. So, it's fresh. It has a little bit it has a little bit of how to say like you can taste a little like it's it is fresh. It's definitely fresh but I can like feel some after taste very slight after taste. So, just to, you know, to prove that I'm going to actually drink it. I could be just faking, you know, like drinking a whiskey. So, I'm just going to Yeah, I'm just going to drink it. So, and I'll tell you what happened with me if I was still okay. So, what can I say? So, in 5 minutes, we produced one dec. So in it would take me probably like 12 to 15 minutes for one of this uh which in survival situation I mean it's way better than nothing and you can go you know slower and then stop and do another 15 minutes. So it would probably keep you like alive. Uh but you know judge for yourself you know. So how does this work? In here there's a very fine membrane just like the one you have in a kitchen you know for filtering water. But this one is way way way smaller and finer. So when you take a sea water and you squeeze it through, everything gets rejected. Only the H2O can grow through. And that's what we were getting here. This was only H2O. And like no viruses, no bacteria, no salt, nothing. It's basically like just pure H2O. And through here, we were putting everything else, you know, back into the water. So to squeeze this water through this membrane, this very special fine membrane, you need a lot of energy, pressure. So that's why we have to work so hard to produce so little water. So there's also filters for filtering fresh water and they go way quicker and you can you you would produce like already four or five liters of water because you need way less pressure. But to filter the salt, you know, separate the salt from the H2O for the water, you need a lot of pressure. So that's why we produced so little. Thank you for watching. See you next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @tracyt4327 [3 likes]: Solar electric motor version would be awesome!
  2. @klausbrinck2137 [2 likes]: That and some fishing gear, and you secure your nutrition... Beautiful Yugoslavia...!
  3. @a_out6936 [2 likes]: The water makers on big ships are different from this. They boil sea water in a low pressure tank so they can distill water in a low tempture. Then they use UV to kill microbes.
  4. @Can_Fin [2 likes]: Beautiful landscape of Yugoslavia.
  5. @yasshilpi6427 [1 likes]: What is the name of the machine ?
  6. @DaBaiTube [1 likes]: If you could mount it to your sailboat so the wave action pumps the filter for you
  7. @Evenaardez [1 likes]: 743 is drinkable but I wouldn't recommend it haha
  8. @ExploringCabinsandMines [1 likes]: Imagine the size of your arm after a month!!
  9. @NThrd [1 likes]: 😂 no need enything that. 
Need transparent polythene,  basket ,  small stiks sun light, and sea water.
  10. @charlescain7962 [1 likes]: In English, you were priming the pump, it was very easy to pump until the pump was primed(filled with water) and pressurized.
  11. @learningcurve237 [1 likes]: $10 electric pump would have help you and us.
  12. @twobucket [1 likes]: So if a senior bought this after two glasses of water he could have a heart attack ? LOL:face-red-droopy-eyes:
  13. @FollowChristNotMan [1 likes]: So, take the brune water and put it into a flat wode container and allow it to dry. Sea salt and fresh water
  14. @stefanhansen5882 [1 likes]: Great demo. Where EXACTLY in Croatia is this? I was close to Vodice, and I think I recognize this place.
  15. @divertechnology [1 likes]: it´s great, but it should be more like to do it up, and with the legs
  16. @GabrieI94: You could attach it to a buoy on the side of the boat; if it’s bobbing up and down on the waves all day, you might even get some free water.
  17. @damnu8089: you did it wrong
  18. @teracroatia: Gdje se to može kupiti? i kakav je okus po tvom iskustvu.. kako bi čovjek reagirao kad bi 7 dana pio samo takvu vodu?
  19. @jackmercer4244: that's a lot of work. By the time you get a glass of drinking water out of it you will have sweated the same amount lol
  20. @user-om67.12: can't locate the link right now but there's this guy really clued up doing videos. doctors have been lying to us for real. covid was a hoax, we're being controlled.

- DIY Watermaker Installation: Turning Seawater Into Freshwater on a Budget: Kind: captions Language: en Santana's got some fresh bottom paint and is almost ready to Splash before she returns to her natural habitat we've got one more exciting project to tackle so we can live work and travel completely off grid she's already set up to produce her own power and today we will show you how we will now be able to transform the ocean around us into drinking water for as little as €2,500 [Music] why are you getting a water maker because I really really really want to have a water maker um normally I'm staying at uh at Anchorage and um for the last Summers I was always around Elba and in the summer it is really difficult to get into any Marina in in the Mediterranean and if you just want to sneak in there to get some water it's even more difficult so I had to be super super careful with water consumption um and now that we are leaving to areas where well might also be short of water and maybe the water quality isn't that great and as I'm drinking the the water out of the the tanks I would like to have super fresh water and I'm I'm dreaming about a water maker for quite a long time but there were other project that were more important first yes and one important thing that I want to say is that some of you might know that I have the Rainman water maker on K the portable version the 110 volt and I'm absolutely happy with it it it runs perfectly I am debating if I'm going to make the portable version into the fixed version when I get back to my boat but that is the only thing that I'm contemplating I'm super happy um the reason why we're not going with Rainman but with octopus water maker is that I found out about them when I looked for DIY versions and um while searching General options for water makers I dived into a couple of DIY project and they all looked super complicated um and it wasn't that easy to get the the parts and the spare parts and all of a sudden octopus water maker popped up um and it's a a German guy an engineer who is building the water maker the himself and he's using single components and you can buy every single component in his shop or you could call him and he's going to send it out to you and I thought that gives me a lot of options to maybe improve it in the future or replace any missing parts yeah it's super easy to replace anything because they're basically parts that you can get at any hardware store so you don't have to get like any marine supply stuff or specific water maker related things yeah we have a spectator sitting over there and he's looking at us like we're talking to him uh the option or the um the solution of of octopus is that they are using a standard CA High press cleaning and um it's the smallest version and that costs about 50 to 60 bucks um the entire thing and he said you know you can get the spare parts but just have two on board if anything breaks you can just replace the thing um and um I'm super curious to find out how how that's going to work yeah and he's been in the business for a while I think he said that he sold 60 to 70 water makers and he's like I think he's a oneman show yes he's doing a super great customer service Flo was just on the phone texting him about some stuff about the installation um the manual is super great like everything is photographed in detail and labeled and he's even explaining which um which screw you have to tighten with Teflon B and how many how many rounds 10 rounds and then how many uh rounds you have to screw it in yeah so it's very detailed very German very nerdy so you liking it and the quality seems to be seems to be good I think octopus is combining two things on the one hand it is the iy style everything is replaceable on the other hand everything comes in one package and it's super easy to install it looks beefy as well and it comes at a good price deag so if you're thinking about buying one I think that is a yeah I think that Paul my friend Paul in El Salvador that you might remember he's building that house boat he has also been wanting to build one himself and he's looked up all the stuff by himself and sort of putting a package together and I think he came up to something around 2,000 but that is like getting everything yourself not knowing exactly if it's going to match up and and this one comes at what 2,500 yes pretty much exactly there super beefy super high quality with a nice manual by the way in case you're interested in getting one of the octopus water makers we've gotten you a sweet little deal Udo told us that purchasing is taking place over email or phone and I'll put the link to the details in the description so when you're talking to him about buying one of the water makers make sure you mention that we've sent you and you'll get €100 off your purchase price yay but back to the video okay well I think that's it shall we Dive In The Box yeah well but first I have to get everything out of the box all right well let's get going this is starting to look more and more like Carl one big difference though I'm going to put it away when I'm done behind get it well let's see how it's going well it's it's going tight inside of this box we have um a couple of water things already installed so there's a an an heat exchanger that is heating the water supply or the water of the boat when the engine is running so I already have a couple of hoses that's why I chose this I would like to mount the water maker out of the way um or as as high up as possible so that there are no no no ropes and no box is lying on top of it so it's it's staying free and uh this is why I chose this place all the way over there on the back side of this box is the bulkhead our 220 volt inverter is on the other side of the of the wall so it's quite um short connections um and now I'm figuring out a way to mount it because it seems like on this side up is the best way to keep all the um instrument out of the way but then I have to bolt it somehow to the outer wall to the hull and I don't want to do that so I found two um stringers that also serve as um cable canals um throughout the boat um and I'm going to uh screw a vertical wood to this and I'm going to just glue the top side to the um to the hull this doesn't have to carry any strength because it will be um tightened to the to the canal as well um and up here it's just to keep it to keep it tight and I would just use some thickened epoxy to glue it to the to the wall and then the good thing is when I mount this I can connect the water maker as far up as possible and then I can use some horizontal wood or boards um further down and I can connect all of the filters there that's the theory let's see how the theory will be put into action I'm just standing by out here it's not my strongest suit I have to admit it feels kind of useless but I do know from the other perspective that it's so helpful to just have someone standing by so I'm trying my best here hey hey h you need anything any advice yeah advice unsolicited advice yes preferably advice are you sure that's right I have no idea what I'm doing I think he's doing all right okay so before all of this magic disappears into the belly of this boat I'm going to give you a quick run through how the system works so the raw water comes in here at this first pre filter and then this little pump will pump it up here and these two valves are one directional valve so the water can only go up here through these two finer filters then the water comes up here and then the water goes into here and you can read the pressure of this section that is previous of the pressure section then the water will go from here into the pressure washer then it goes through the pressure holes into the housing of the membrane then the water moves through here and on this side here you have two exits one is for the remaining salt water that goes overboards and one is the fresh water that goes into your tank now the nice thing about this is that it's a self flushing system so you can connect your freshwater system the house system to this little gem and then if you want to just flush the system with fresh water the fresh water goes through here through the filter now it cannot go this way because these are one way one directional valves so it goes through here and then it actually goes through the pressure washer but it's not switched on when you're flushing the system because it just flushes the system without building up any pressure now that's how the water runs through the whole system now electrical wise there's two connections that you need to hook up one is the little 12vt pump that goes to this little switch and then to your house batteries and then there is this little plug that is going wherever you have 220 volts and this is where you plug in the pressure washer and for this little thing you have a little remote control so you can actually switch this on and off you don't have to crawl into wherever you have this installed old so you only have to check this if you want to inspect it but you can actually switch it on and off with this little gem now what you probably want to know is how much water does this little machine produce it's 60 L an hour and the power consumption is mainly the pressure washer so that's around 1.3 to 1.5 Kow and I think that's about it pretty nifty huh I don't know about you but I'm definitely excited to see it running and remember if you're interested in one of these Little Gems then there is a link to this product and more information in the description of the video now it's time to prep all the components of the water maker for installation first Flo connected the 10 mm hose to the freshwater tank through the ttsd unit which measures the total dissolved solids and the freshly made water then he connected another 10 mm hose to the High Press membrane unit which spits out the brine complete with all the filtered out salt and yuck trust me you don't want to mix up those two hoses next up wrapping all the screw on Plumbing connectors with Teflon tape to ensure there are no leaks for water to drip out or air to sneak in both of which you definitely want to avoid oh and don't forget to double check the in and out directions while you're at it once the filters were assembled it was time for the ultimate boat Tetris challenge fitting all these components into the small poured cockpit Locker so I think flu's been at it since 10 this morning with a very short break in between and driving to the hardware store to get some stuff that he still still need it for the installation and it's 7 now so 6 full hours including going to the hardware store that's pretty impressive it's not quite done yet so what's still missing is the Flushing system so that will come later but everything else is installed finally we connected the water maker to Santana's Water System since this setup is unique for every boat the specific Parts aren't included in the kit but they're simple enough to pick up at a hardware store you'll need a hose from the 10 micron filter to the 12vt pump that sits on the saltwater strainer Flo mounted his in the BGE in a compartment where the sun pump for his shower sits and from there he ran a hose to the kitchen sink which has a saltwater intake already you'll also need a hose to connect the other end of the 10 micron filter to the casa with a Gardina fitting and voila ready to turn the ocean into drinking water I'm sensing a slight bit of exhaustion and do you possibly a bit of hungry hungriness here and it's very interesting to be on the other end of it question is will it run says maybe we need to be in the water first well that went a lot faster and smoother than we expected tomorrow Santana will Splash and we will run the water maker for the very first time but more about that next week

  Top Comments:
  1. @_Briegel [5 likes]: Be sure to take a spare Kärcher with you!
And if the noise gets on your nerves (and it will after a while), you can also lock the Kärcher in a well-insulated box. It can cope with this if it doesn't have to work for 3-4 hours at a time in the blazing midday sun, so it's better to run it briefly in the morning and for 1-2 hours in the evening. This should give you almost 300 liters of water, which should be enough for 1-2 weeks depending on consumption. Beer drinks better than water anyway ;-)
  2. @svmagnolia [4 likes]: Seawater Pro in Florida was initially supplying Karcher water-cooled pressure washer pumps with their water makers, and I installed one of their systems on my boat in 2018. It still works great all these years later, and has been used quite a lot!
  3. @sailingfitou [2 likes]: Hallo ihr zwei, habe vor kurzem auch den Octopus in Almerimar eingebaut. Der erste Test läuft dann kommende Woche. Bin gespannt. Liebe Grüße von Jörg von der FITOU
  4. @LeonardoLeonardoA [1 likes]: are you guys still using this octopus setup? any feedback?
  5. @sailingsaporedimare2878 [1 likes]: https://youtu.be/lFWj-OLkd_4?si=nGWAkAP6qTGus6pn.   
So sieht unser DIY Wassermacher aus. 
€ 5.000,-; um 200L/min.; von der Maschine angetrieben; 
Euer Kanal ist super, LG Robert Graz/Austria 
PS. Das Teflonband ist verkehrt gewickelt. Habt ihr sicher schon bemerkt. Sorry!
  6. @boatadventure5323 [1 likes]: When rolling Teflon tape on threads, you should hold the roll with Teflon tape on your index finger so that you roll the tape on the roll as you roll it around the thread, that way you have complete control over the Teflon tape, you chose to turn the roll upside down so you rolled the tape off the roll, but since the diameter of the roll is larger than the thread, you end up rolling more Teflon tape off the roll than you roll onto the thread
  7. @mindfornication4funn [1 likes]: Dog knows UR talking to the camera.  He aint stoooopid !!

He sees how you edit ur stuff too.

He was just about to check the viewfinder when u laughed at him,  he thought you were out of focus....
  8. @SailingElectra [1 likes]: The K2 being air cooled can overheat and damage the pump quite easily. It's also really really noisy! Since you already have it you might as well run it until it falls, but when it does I highly recommend the water cooled K4 model. It's so much quieter, and it can last years.
  9. @Roy_Godiksen [1 likes]: VERY important to clarify if you're sponsored by Octopus.  "Hidden" or "unclaryfied" sponsorship can have repercussions. ❤❤👏👏
  10. @bastiaandebruijn174 [1 likes]: Love the chemistry between u2
  11. @MiRa2023-3x: Hi, i am also looking for an affordable watermaker, so i have a few questions about your installation. You sail under the german flagg. Can we continue a possible conversation in german? Best regards Ewald
  12. @darenfrancis3057: Bad explaining how does it get back into the pressure washer on flush and how long do your filters last...
  13. @mohammedma7066: god, 1.5 kwh per 60 liter that’s crazy high consumption. like 25 kwh per 1 cubic meters of water.
  14. @freas8520: So, in oredr to make those 60l, how many kWh did it actually draw? Is the pump on 100% of the time?
  15. @Crimetvuk: 1 minute in and can see this is going to me one long advert 🤦‍♂️
  16. @henrythinks: A dehumidifier in your cabin can make 3 or 4 Gal. a day taking the moisture right out of the air and it will also cool off t\your cabin too. and cost only about $120 t0 300, Dollars and you just plug it in, No assembly. And no holes in your hull.
  17. @christians6734: 1,5 kw from the inverter? So you are stressing the battery, the inverter plus the high pressure cleaner, not to mention the noise of the latter.? Why dont you use a belt driven high pressure pump and connect it with a PTO clutch to the main shaft of your diesel engine?
  18. @GoPoundSalt: 2025, about time?
  19. @runristaren2: Out of curiosity Will the membranes last longer if you could use rainwater as a water source? Less salt and less gunk to rinse out..
  20. @RogerPSnowden: So, this device removes bacteria and virii, so the water is actually safe to drink, directly?

- Boating Fees in Bahamas Means Marinas 'Empty' | SY Clips: Kind: captions Language: en This is from the Bahamas. Actually, Bahamas is looking at a bleak winter in terms of boats and yachts going to Bahamas. Um there's been a lot of talk about this online recently. Um apparently in July this year, the entire system for entering the Bahamas in a yacht or a boat was um was reformed and the prices went up two to three times of what they previously were ju just without in telling anybody get any advance. Nobody had any advanced notice of this. For example, vessels uh 30 m uh or 100 foot would have to pay $3,000 cruising fees. The old price was just $350. Uh as well as new mandatory anchoring fee of $300. There was also additional fishing permit for $100 which was previously included and the fee change came without consultation with Boers and without warning. So this is um this is you know a lot of smaller boats go down to the Bahamas as well for the winter. Um the Association of the Bahamas Marinas or ABM have a booth at the Florida Yacht Show every year and this year the people who who work at the booth said that everybody was uh was g given them really negative feedback and and unfavorable reviews which is probably the the nice version, right? Is a lot of the big yachts that go to the Bahamas said that they're not going anymore. This is this is a quote from someone who was working on that booth. He said, "A lot of the bigger yachts um that we that we went to uh spend a winter in the Bahamas said they're not they're just not going to come and they'll go to the Caribbean islands." And we had similar smaller boats telling us they're not go they're going to go to the Florida Keys. The Bahamas is not worth it anymore. Uh there are too many there's too many regulations I guess and with all the fees people feel like they're getting ripped off. So, this is this is what the consensus seems to be. Some of the marinas in the Bahamas said they don't have any bookings for the winter uh because of all of these price hikes and changes. Now, one of the things they do have, which apparently is not being set up properly, they've got something they call an F an FDC, a frequent digital cruising card, which offers frequent boating visitors unlimited visits for a period not exceeding two years upon payments of an upfront fee from between $1,500 and $8,000 depending on the size of the vessel. So, uh, if you if you're a regular visitor to the Bahamas, you might want to look at this FDC. Now, unfortunately, the when we wrote this, the website still doesn't have the documents on the website to be able to download them to fill out this form, which is obviously causing delays. Um, but that is something, you know, obviously if if you don't know about that, you might be thinking that every time you go, you have to pay this this all of these fees, but this is sort of a two-year um license, if you like, digital cruising card, they call it. So, if you if you're interested in go to the Bahamas, might want to check that out. Didn't pay me to say that. I'm just saying that because I've spent a lot of time in the Bahamas on yachts over the years as well. And and and you have to remember all the people that are involved in these marinas. It's not just the boat going into the marina. And it's not just the marina, it's all the shops that are there, all the restaurants, all the people that all the chandlers, the provisions, you know, the people that sell provisions to the yachts, fuel, everybody that there's a whole industry uh that is um working around those yachts being there. And if the yachts don't come in, some of these people will go out of business. So, uh, it's definitely an important thing, right, for all of these places who changed all of these things without any consultation or without any, you know, querying anybody to see what they thought about these price changes. But, um, they can fix this, but they need to fix it quickly, otherwise they're going to really suffer. Hi, thanks very much for watching this video. If you want to see the full news videos, click on the link over here. And if you'd like to find the channels, you can find the links below here. Thanks for watching.

  Top Comments:
  1. @luisramos-qf6wm: all the restaurants they’re gonna close don’t care about them you wait till the next hurricane everything will be destroyed and they’ll be begging people to come in
  2. @donparsons1237: Lol. Pay pay pay
  3. @Youtubemediaofthebahamas: The Bahamas is doing better than ever with these boat fees for your information boaters.
  4. @3484powerdew: Yea then you go and pay cash with us currency and they want to give u Bahamian money for change as the same rate
  5. @bdubb5390: Can't go to mexico or bahamas?? Hmmmm.
  6. @tonyemory3618: they only want the super wealthy there just like every other port on the planet that people want to go.
  7. @елисеев-л9и: Кошмар,надо избавляться от лодки
  8. @EXPIOWA: Boycott the place completely until they get the message. Wait until they offer financial incentives for returning or don’t go back. Let them take their little ball and go home alone.
  9. @NoName-v9t9i: Eco terrorists environmentalist pushed Bahamian government to this absurd change. They are the ones who push carbon tax with every transportation you take. We don’t hate them enough
  10. @sweendog51: So funny,, they deserve to go broke.. the Bahamas are not very smart lol. I wonder how all the business owners feel about how the marinas just tanked their economy, there’s no putting it back,
  11. @Groegselmaschupp: 5k …. who cares
  12. @meric242empire: Hello how are you. Inbox me
  13. @JohnKayes: Bureaucrats just can't flash on the idea that you can not just keep raising taxes forever without driving taxpayers away.
  14. @briansrensen8204: The wealthy want Bahamas for themselves and Bahamas like big spenders. With rising inequality and middle class squeeze, we are going to see a lot more of this.
  15. @kurtweber7361: Squeeze the lemon until it's empty!
  16. @t-dog8528: Once they find better moorings and nicer waters they'll never return
  17. @andrewthomas405: The short sightedness of Bahamian politicians is legendary
  18. @andrewthomas405: Political greed
  19. @andrewthomas405: Usual gread
  20. @toomanycats305: Good, I hope NOBODY goes over there until they bring their prices back down to where they were. They definitely have lost customers and visitors and I’m glad. Greed gets nobody anywhere!

- The Truth About Boat Insurance: 12 Mistakes That Kill Your Claims: Kind: captions Language: en If you just bought a boat, this is the video you watch before you ever call an insurance company. Because here's the nightmare sequence most people never see coming. You finally get a policy. You spend a year fixing leaks, replacing rigging, upgrading electronics. Then something happens. A storm, a collision, a sinking at the dock, and the insurer calmly says, "Claim denied. Breach of warranty. Policy void." In this video, I'm going to walk you through the biggest mistakes new boat owners make with insurance that get claims denied or policies canled, even when they think they're fully covered. And if you stick to the end, I'll give you a simple fiveline email template you can send to any broker or insurer that forces them to spell out the traps and exclusions before you sign. It's basically a pre-screen that flushes out nightmare policies before you pay a scent. If you want more honest, no BS deep dives on buying, insuring, and actually using boats, hit subscribe right now so you don't miss the next one. All right, let's start with the single biggest mistake people make with their new boat and insurance. Mistake number one, lying on the application, even a little. A lot of people think of insurance forms as suggestions. How much experience do you have? Well, I sailed a bit as a kid. Any prior claims? Not really. I mean, nothing big. That is a great way to turn your policy into decorative paper. Insurance is a contract built on good faith. If you misrepresent material facts, things that would have changed their decision to ensure you or how much they charged, they can walk away when you need the most. Common places people fudge the truth. You round your experience up. You say you've done offshore passages when your longest trip was 20 m. You list yourself as primary operator, but in reality, your inexperienced partner is at the helm most of the time. You skipped mentioning that little grounding last year because it wasn't a big deal. Individually, these feel harmless, but in a claim review, an adjuster is literally paid to go line by line through the original application and see if the story matches reality. If there's a serious loss, someone injured, major damage, salvage involved, they will dig. They will pull Coast Guard reports, marina records, prior insure history, survey notes. If something doesn't match, they now have an excuse to deny. So, rule one is brutal and simple. Tell the truth, even if it makes you look less impressive. I've never owned a boat this big before. I have zero offshore experience. I grounded last year in the ICW and needed to tow. You're better off paying a bit more or even being declined by one company than having a cheap policy that evaporates when something goes wrong. Mistake number two, trying to ensure a boat before you really know what you bought. Most people do this backwards. They find a deal on a boat. They rush to close to beat another buyer. Then after the money is gone, they start calling around for insurance and are shocked by what underwriters come back with. For older boats, especially anything over about 20 25 years, insurers want three things. A recent outofwater survey from a surveyor they consider competent. proof that major risk items have been dealt with. Old fuel lines, ancient wiring, rotten decks, standing rigging, a clear picture of how and where you'll use the boat. If the survey turns up a long list of major issues, underwriters will do one of three things. They'll decline outright. They'll agree to insure you only after you fix specific items, warranties, or recommendations. or they'll insure you but exclude certain things from coverage like rigging failures or osmosis. If you already own the boat, you're trapped. You can't go back and undo the purchase. What you want instead is this sequence offer on the boat. Survey the boat. Send the actual survey and photos to a broker and ask, "Can this be insured? At what value? And what will you require me to fix?" Only then decide if the deal still makes sense. Do not assume that because the seller had insurance, you will automatically be able to get it. Carriers change appetite. Regions change. Old policies are sometimes grandfathered in under rules that no longer exist. On older fiberglass sailboats, red flags for insurers include old standing rigging, soft decks or wet core, corroded through hulls and seoxs, gas engines with sketchy fuel systems, ferro cement or homebuilt hulls. If you don't know how those play with insurers, you're walking blind into a deal that might be uninsurable. Mistake number three, confusing agreed value, stated value, and actual cash value. On paper, it looks simple. You tell them what the boat is worth. They insure it. Done. In reality, the valuation language determines whether you get a proper payout or a low ball check if the boat is damaged or totaled. There are three main flavors. One, actual cash value. This is the car insurance model. They pay what the boat is worth at the time of the loss minus depreciation. If prices in your area have crashed or if they decide your boat has more wear than you think, you get hammered. Two, agreed value. You and the insurer agree on a number upfront. If the boat is a total loss, that's what they pay, usually without haggling about market depreciation. This is what most serious cruisers aim for. Premiums can be higher, but it removes nasty surprises when something big happens. Three, stated value. This is the sneaky one. You state a value, they calculate the premium off it, but in a claim, they reserve the right to pay either the stated amount or actual cash value, whichever is lower. You feel like you're insured for 100K, but they might decide it's really worth 65K when push comes to shove. If you want to avoid this particular nightmare, you do two things. First, ask explicitly, "Is this policy actual cash value, agreed value, or stated value?" Second, on older boats, document why your agreed value makes sense. Recent survey, big refits, engine replacement, new rigging, electronics. If you overstate value wildly just to feel better, you're wasting premium, and you make it easier for them to argue later that you were unrealistic from day one. Mistake number four, not reading or respecting your navigation limits and layup clauses. Every policy on a cruising boat has answers to three questions. Where can you legally take the boat? When can you use it? And what do you have to do when a named storm is coming? People skim past these and then they're stunned at claim time. Navigation limits might say inland waters and coastal waters within 50 nautical miles of the US east coast between Maine and Florida. If you quietly wander into the Bahamas or cross to Bermuda without getting that added in riding, you may be cruising totally uninsured. Layup or out ofuse clauses might say boat must be hauled or not used between November 1 and April 1 in your region. If you decide to do a cheeky Christmas sale and wrap the boat on a rock, the insurer can point to that clause and say, "Nope, you were outside allowed operating season." Named storm plans matter even more now. Some policies literally spell out what you must do when a hurricane is forecast. Boat hauled by x hours before landfall or moved north of a certain latitude or tied into an approved hurricane mooring field. If you ignore that, leave the boat in a cheap exposed slip because it's too much hassle and it ends up in a mangrove pile, they're going to ask for your storm plan and evidence that you followed it. No plan, no evidence, no payout. So, with any new policy, read these three things like your wallet depends on it because it does. Your navigation limits, your layup or usage dates, your named storm or severe weather obligations. If something in there doesn't match how you actually plan to use the boat, fix it up front or walk away. Mistake number five, treating a live aboard boat like a weekend boat on paper. This is a big one, especially now that more people are living aboard to escape rent. Most standard pleasure use policies assume the boat is used for day sailing, weekends, a couple of trips a year, and otherwise sitting mostly empty. As soon as you're living aboard full-time, especially in a marina, your risk profile changes. There is more wear on systems, more cooking, more electrical load, more chance of fire, more people coming and going. If you tell the insurer, "We just day sale and maybe do some weekends, but in reality, you're full-time aboard with a space heater, air fryer, dehumidifier, and three laptops on 247." You're giving them an easy out on any claim. Likewise, some policies explicitly exclude unapproved live abboard use, long-term rentals or Airbnb style use, carrying passengers for hire, or doing paid charters. I see people constantly buy a cheap excharter boat, slap a charter logo on social media, and never bother to upgrade to a commercial or charter policy. They are one accident away from discovering that their normal policy doesn't apply to business use at all. The bottom line, if you live aboard, say so. If you ever take money for taking people out, say so. If you intend to use the boat for charter, say so. You will pay more. You might need a different type of policy, but you will not be hiding a business inside a pleasure policy and hoping no one notices. Mistake number six, ignoring survey recommendations once you have the policy. This one is sneaky because it feels like you're covered. You get a survey. It has a long list of findings and recommendations. The insurer says, "We'll bind coverage, but we require items A, B, and C to be fixed within 30 or 60 days." You sign, you sail. Life gets busy. Months later, an accident happens that has nothing to do with those items. Maybe you have a galley fire or a collision at the dock. The adjuster comes out, looks at the file, and sees that the required work was never documented as completed. They can now argue that you were in breach of warranty. From their perspective, you agreed to certain conditions to get coverage. You did not satisfy them. They are no longer bound by their part of the deal. It does not matter if the fire started on the stove and the recommendation was about old rigging. To avoid this, you treat insurer required survey items like the most urgent jobs on the boat. Fix them by the deadline. Take clear before and after photos. Keep invoices and receipts. Send a polite email to your broker or underwriter. Per survey dated X and your requirement dated Y. The following items have been completed. Attached are photos and invoices. Please confirm these are now considered compliant. Then you save that reply. Now, if there's ever a dispute, the file shows you met the conditions they set. That simple paper trail has saved a lot of people from very ugly claim fights. Mistake number seven, not documenting the boat's condition and contents the day you insure it. When there's a partial loss, theft, fire in one cabin, collision damage to one side, disputes are common over what was on board and what condition it was in. Did you really have a brand new $6,000 dingan outboard on the Davitz? Was that electronic suite really new or 10 years old? Were those sails really replaced last year or are they the originals from the8s? You can make these arguments much easier by doing one simple boring thing when you buy and insure the boat. You walk around with your phone and film everything. Hull, exterior, deck, rig, cockpit, cabins, engine compartment, electrical panel, sales if easily accessible, tender and outport. Talk to the camera. This is our 1984 Islander 36 insured today for X as agreed value. Here's the Rayarine plotter installed in 2022. Here's the new main sale from 2021. Photos of the tag. Here's the high field dinghy and 15 horsepower Yamaha purchased in this month and year. back that up to the cloud. If anything happens later, you are not arguing for memory. You can say, "Here is video from the date the policy began," showing the boat's condition and gear. Adjusters are human. If you show them organized, dated evidence, the conversation changes from prove it to, "Okay, how do we value this?" Now, mistake number eight, letting just anyone drive the boat. Many policies have language about who is allowed to operate the vessel. Sometimes it's broad, any competent operator with the owner's permission. Other times it's tighter, named operators only, or people with specific licenses. If you let an inexperienced friend, teenager, or drunk neighbor take the helm and they hit something, you have handed the insurer a great excuse. Even if there's no explicit named operator clause, they will ask, "Who is at the helm? What experience do they have? Were they under the influence? Were they doing something obviously reckless?" If the answer is my buddy who has never driven a boat before, it is not going to help you. This is especially important with high-powered boats and catamarans. A 40ft cat or a 40 knot center console can do huge damage in a tight marina. So, your rule, even with friends, is simple. If I would not be comfortable putting this person alone at the helm and walking below for 10 minutes, they don't get to drive. You can let people feel the wheel or tiller while you're right there handon controls, but the operator of record is you. Also, do not mix alcohol and helm. Insurance aside, it is just a bad equation. Expensive fiberglass plus crowds plus docks and pilings. Mistake number nine, confusing wear and tear with insurable loss. Insurance is not a maintenance plan. They do not pay because your 30-year-old engine finally dies of old age. They do not pay because your rigging rusted quietly for 25 years and a shroud lets go in 10 knots of wind. They do not pay because osmosis blisters slowly appeared over decades. Those are all examples of wear, corrosion, and age and deferred maintenance. These fall on you. Most policies even have explicit exclusions for gradual deterioration, rust, rot, corrosion, electrolysis, design or manufacturing defects, lack of reasonable care. Where they step in is when there's a sudden accidental fortuitous event. You hit a submerged log and bend the shaft. A fire starts from a specific incident. A storm tears the boat off a properly secured moing. You want to avoid the nightmare where they point to an exclusion and say, "This was inevitable, not accidental." How? By maintaining and documenting. Keep basic records. Oil changes, impeller changes, major service, standing rigging replacement dates, throughhole replacements, bottom jobs with notes on blister repairs. If there's ever a borderline case, you want to show that you were a conscientious owner, not someone trying to shift a decade of neglect onto the insurer. Mistake number 11, buying the wrong kind of policy for what the boat actually is. There are important differences between a small runabout you trailer and store at home, a coastal cruiser in a marina, a bluewater boat leaving the country, a charter or commercial vessel. People constantly use a cheap liabilityonly policy and think they have hole coverage. Use a basic local policy and then head offshore far beyond the stated limits. Use a pleasure policy and then quietly chart of the boat. For a new to you cruising boat, especially if you're planning big trips or live aboard life, you want to be very clear. Do I have hole coverage or just liability? Is salvage covered and how is wreck removal and pollution fines covered? Are crew or paying passengers covered? You don't want to discover after a marina fire that yes, they'll pay for the other boats you damaged, but nothing for your own wreck or the cost to remove it. Similarly, if you ever plan to cross borders or go offshore, you need a policy that explicitly allows it. Some require specific approvals for ocean crossings or time in certain regions. It is worth paying for a marine specialist broker who does nothing but boats. They know which carriers are still insuring older holes. They know what underwriters hate. They can tell you this cheap policy looks good on paper but has a hurricane deductible that is insane. Mistake number 11, letting your policy quietly lapse. This one sounds obvious, but it happens all the time. Mail from the insurer goes to an old address. You change emails and don't update the contact. Your credit card on automatic payment expires. You assume you're covered. You are not. There are two problems. One, if something happens during the gap, there is simply no coverage. Two, for future underwriters, a lapse looks bad. They ask, "Why did your last policy end? Non-renewal, cancellation, non-payment." You never want canceled for non-payment anywhere near your file. It hints at financial stress and poor organization. So, when you buy a boat, you set a calendar reminder one month before renewal to review coverage. Confirm your billing details and contact info are current. If you plan to switch insurers, make sure the new policy starts before the old one ends so there is no gap. Mistake number 12, not reporting incidents promptly because you don't want to get them involved. A lot of boat owners are reluctant to call their insurer or broker when something happens. They bump a rock at low speed, feel a vibration, hope it's fine. They get caught in a storm, think they got away with it, and ignore a few new noises. They have a small galley fire, put it out themselves, don't mention it. Months later, the cutless bearing is destroyed, the shaft is bent, the engine mounts are shifted, or the wiring damage from that small fire causes a bigger failure. Now, when you finally file a claim, it looks like long-term neglect rather than a specific recent event. You do not need to file a full claim for every little thing, but you should at least notify your broker or insurer when something substantial happens. We hit bottom at around this speed here on this date. We've scheduled a haul out to check for damage. We had a small fire in this compartment. We've replaced X and Y. Here are photos. That way, if deeper damage shows up later, there's a clear dated event to anchor it to. All right, let's talk about what you actually do with all of this. Here is the promised part. A simple fiveline email you can send to any marine broker or insurer that will drastically reduce your odds of an insurance nightmare with your new boat. You send this before you bind coverage while you still have options. It goes like this. Line one, describe the boat and your plans honestly. I'm buying a 1984 36- ft fiberglass sailboat with a diesel engine. I plan to live aboard year round in a marina and do coastal cruising with the possibility of going to the Bahamas in the next 2 years. Line two, ask clearly about valuation. Can you confirm whether your quote will be actual cash value, agreed value, or stated value, and how total loss and partial loss would be settled on a boat of this age? Line three, ask about survey conditions and warranties. What survey requirements and post survey recommendations would be considered conditions of coverage and what deadlines would I have to complete them? Line four, ask about usage and limits. Will live aboard use, occasional paid skipper trips, or offshore passages to the Bahamas or Caribbean be allowed under this policy? And what navigation limits and storm plans would apply? Line five, ask about exclusions that bite. Are there any exclusions or deductibles I should be especially aware of for named storms, older rigging, osmosis, or mechanical breakdown on a vessel of this age? You send that once. You see how they respond. A good marine broker will answer in plain language, maybe over the phone, followed by an email summary. They'll tell you, "We can only offer actual cash value." Or, "We'll want rigging changed within a year." Or, "We won't cover you below this latitude in hurricane season." A bad one will dodge, send boilerplate, or refuse to be specific. That is your signal. Your goal with insurance is not to find the absolute lowest premium. It's to find a policy where you understand the value basis, understand your obligations, understand your limits, and have a broker or underwriter who will talk to you like a human before money changes hands. If you do that, you dramatically reduce your odds of the classic nightmare, standing on a sinking dock, phone in hand, listening to someone say, "Sorry, that's not covered." If this helped you think differently about insurance on your new boat, hit subscribe so you don't miss the next deep dive. I'll keep trading hype for honest checklists every

  Top Comments:
  1. @gregsage1605 [2 likes]: Well done.
  2. @AltairNoken: this is very geared to the US over EU boats and as such most points are not true over here.
  3. @Mordalo: Here is the "REAL" bottom line for insurance. You are covered for everything except what just happened. Biggest legal scam ever.
  4. @lmarcus8697: What about ta otaled boat removal?

- How we saved big $$$ on marina fees!  E198: Kind: captions Language: en don't worry this is not going to be another talking head video we're going to show you two of our favorite destinations in the Bahamas shepke and Bimini but first let's go into the Annapolis power boat show in two weeks we're gonna be there and we're thinking about doing a meet-up at one of the local restaurants after the show on Saturday October 7th if you're interested let us know cheers [Music] don't fight good morning everyone well today Saturday morning and uh Eric and Dana leave today so this will be the first time on the trip it's just me and Ed I might be out of practice I don't know or spoiled one or the other anyway hopefully everything goes well we're planning to leave around 10 o'clock a little bit after high tide so the tide should be going now other than that you can get really put into this stock oh I should probably saw in the previous video but anyway I'm excited and nervous at the same time should be fun I can't wait to get the chub key that's where we're heading today it's a really nice resort and from there we're going to Bimini and we'd hang out there for a couple days and then we're going to do the crossing and go to Fort Lauderdale and now we'll see you guys along the way Roger out as always thank you for everything love you guys soon thank you so we are fueling up here at Brown's uh I don't know what you want to call it Brown's Basin Brown's Basin Brown's Boat Basin here in uh Nassau uh where we've just spent the last I guess it's three days four days we're waiting for the shaft for the blower to come in uh that final repair we took out the one that we had turned around and put in backwards which did US good and got us all the way here from Bell Island the new one is installed and uh we're we're all set to go so we met up for our good friend Eric here who was kind enough to take us over to not only to not Nassau Yacht Club this year but he also took us to the Royal Sailing Club which was a lot of fun as well and we had a great trivia day night at the cruise yes yes we did we did trivia uh for bark I don't know exactly what it stands for but it's for you know um neutering and spaying uh animals and um so we had a lot of fun there you know we didn't get a chance to go over to Paradise Island and visit the um uh Atlantis this time but you know we've been there a number of times so we weren't really disappointed about that and a really big shout out to our friends who um sent us the part they went over to uh the diesel place in um in Fort I guess it was Fort Lauderdale I can remember now got the park shipped it to us um it took us a little while to get it out of Customs that was a little bit tricky but once we did uh we got the part in thought I'll tell you we Eric and I um we got this down you know the first time we took this engine apart and took us oh probably about an hour and a half or so to get it apart because we weren't really sure what we were doing but this time it took us about 45 minutes it took us maybe an hour to get it back together again and um well we have this down I could see now but now so there's as far as we know the boat's running great we put the uh the new shaft in started right off the sounds really good so we're pretty confident that we got this one uh under underway and uh We're not gonna have any future problems with the flood but hopefully we'll see you never know maybe we're getting another one of these shafts to keep us a spare on board just in case but anyway we're leaving today um you know we're kind of sorry to leave Nassau but we are leaving and we are going to go to chubke where we're going to spend at least a night and we love it there it's a beautiful Marina and we're looking forward to getting there and then you know on our way to Bimini and then eventually Fort Lauderdale uh last but not least I want to say um a special thanks to Eric and Dana our crew who just left and our not just our crew are good friends and they were so helpful um during this this leg of the trip I can tell you you know we ran into some problems and um uh it could be a little bit stressful at times and these guys are just you know such good people and they really you know they really helped us out a lot and we're going to miss them yeah we're kind of hoping they might be able to stay with us all the way to Fort Lauderdale but they had some other commitments so anyway thank you so much Eric thank you Dana we love you guys hope to do this trip again with you next year with your vote maybe this time um but in any case I hope you have a safe journey back to wherever you're going to right now so anyway we'll see all you guys along the way and let me just check and make sure I'm not overfilling my fuel tank Roger out I got more than just words you bring me songs I got peace in my mind I got peace leaves me peace so we're well we're almost there looking forward to it I think I'll have a sip of flavored beer out of my boat great Kate's cozy it just said hey Craig thanks for the Cozy and the coin great Cates uh is a new friend of ours we just met him in his friend Shirley over at uh Nassau uh yadav and they have a Hatteras as well uh they were heading the opposite direction they were heading down to uh the Exumas and we're heading towards the United States Craig was a long time mayor in Key West and um right now he's a county commissioner in Monroe County which is why I have one of his co-seasons in the boat for Craig Cates we're really looking forward to running into them in Key West sometime unfortunately it's not going to be on this trip because they're heading down to the Exumas until the end of July and well we're going to be in Cape I mean we're going to be in Key West the first week of July so but next time we'll run it to you guys I'm sure and thanks for the commemorative coin lights are so much because so much deeper I got joy in my soul puts a little joy in my soul and I got love in my heart promise that no man can tear us apart good night so this is our third day here at Chuck Key Marina where we are having a fantastic time we've made some new friends and well we're just enjoying the hell out of this place and right now we are off to the pool bar once again which is one of our favorite places to go and maybe we'll go to the beach as well who knows see you there I got more more into me over again I got more I can get so much deeper and you know what's really cool about this place is the beach the beach is right there so it's it's real close to the pool dancing I see much clearer yeah it was so good I just live on the water please [Laughter] Paradise in your life foreign stronger what's in my mind but if you asked me if I do it again when we're in the Bahama bank right now heading from Chucky over to Bimini it's kind of a long run for us about nine hours because it's about 90 miles so it's kind of hot there's no wind fortunately it's only one foot or so the waves are good uh we had a great time at shop we always do we spent a couple actually three days we spent an extra day there maybe two extra days I forget and um it was uh it was a lot of fun I mean hanging out in the pool we met some uh some YouTube fans and just some new people did all the regular things went to the rooster and uh the full bar all the beach so anyway it's a great place to have an odd way of pricing things now which I don't quite have figured out they um last year we stayed there it was I think it was like 220 dollars a night and this time we went there she says 295. and I'm like wow it's in 95. and then plus you're not allowed to use any of the amenities 295 and you can't use anything I can't go to the pool and all that she goes no but if you join their Idaho Club I think they call it for 30 a person you can do everything I'm like really now you're gonna charge me more than 295 which is already high but apparently you get a discount on the slip if you join the Idaho Club so the slip drop down to 159. so for the first day it's the 159 and the 60s say 220 which is you know close to what I paid last year but apparently on subsequent days the idol Club is good for 60 days so we don't have to keep paying that so it actually looks like it's going to turn out to be cheaper this year than it was last year maybe it's going to average around 180 190 a day we'll see when I get the bill but once we sell those fast boats come in like uh 14 15 17 whatever it was we could understand why because they were loaded with people yeah maybe that's how they're doing it now we see some boats coming up eight people on it maybe they figure it's better to get 30 bucks off everyone and charge less for slips I don't know we'll see because they were day passes yeah well anyway we are on our way to Bimini right now and we're going to stay at um big game Marina now this one's actually trying to be really annoyed they want 295 a night and plus with the taxes it comes out to 325. and uh last year I paid 150. my wife's actually two years ago now I understand there's been inflation so I expect it to be more but really more than double in two years so that's not including water or electricity which is additional well we'll see what happens so I don't know um I'm not happy about it we're just going to stay one night normally I'd stay two or three but I mean if you're gonna charge me 300 a night I may as well be over at Bayou Mart in uh the Fort Lauderdale I'll enjoy a really nice huge Marina on the beach so that's probably what we're gonna do we're probably gonna spend one night well we'll see I'll play it by year you know you never know we have no plans we may end up spending two nights anyway whatever um anyway we're looking forward to getting to Bimini this could be our last stop in the Bahamas and um it always is and uh yeah I don't know we'll have fun hopefully we meet some people and I I know we'll have fun no matter what so we always have fun yeah so we'll see you at see you in biboney Roger out oh everyone make me clean again this is not going to be pretty I have 15 knot winds pinning me against this t-head and normally that's not a big issue I kind of pivot off of it maybe use my bowel Thruster to get the nose out and go but the back of this stock is falling apart the piling's barely standing there and I have a funny feeling if I try to Pivot off the stern of this that it can't take the pressure so I'm gonna try to Pivot off the bow and back out of here at least that's the plan we'll see how it goes um changed my mind halfway through but that's my current plan Roger out oh [Applause] love you more than I'll Be Your Whiskey baby much nicer I just wanted to say I'm not cheap or anything just ask my husband I got expensive taste but we were a big game and they're up to four something a foot Brown's Marine is up to four something a foot and uh two friends of ours Craig and Shirley told us about um Bimini Blue Water they're a dollar 75 good I'm not crazy I'm not gonna waste my money so and this is really nice Marina they were super friendly Jr was super friendly when we came in so much friendlier than the other Marine is not going to say anything bad about them they are two also very good marinas it's just that they're real expensive now so uh we like to save our money for martinis and jewelry but there's a fundraiser big game and it's for cystic fibrosis and it's called The Crossing so these guys are going to cross and these paddle boards to Florida across the Gulf Stream Saturday doesn't look so good for a Crossing but hey it must be very dedicated to the cause I have to say they have to be very dedicated because that's just I'm not that crazy I'm crazy but I'm not that crazy I've been in the islands for like two months it's a great menu but God I'm tired of buying food you know what I really want to be I want to be a complete job and get the prime rib I I want to eat a cow you want to see the cow great on that good job cheers how's it feel captain it was like the 50th day in the Bahamas tomorrow morning bright and early heading to Key West which we also love

  Top Comments:
  1. @igotatan1 [1 likes]: You guys, buy a freezer, vacuum pack your dinner portion of meat in a bag, a half side of beef can fit into a 5.0 cubic foot. Freeze until you plan on grilling it... throw it on deck for several hour to thaw.  I get it, that the Carib is not big on steak.
  2. @MY_SOLACE: Thanks to your review. We bought a Mantus M2 SS 125# for our 2005  Viking Princess 67SC. Would be nice if you can guesstimate dates of arrival at each port. We’ll be cruising the Bahamas soon. God speed. Carlos
  3. @tonyleverock4810: Love watching ya'lls videos! After I came across one of your videos, I liked it so much I had to start from the beginning. Born and raised on the water here in Florida and have been offshore more times than I can count. I have always thought of the idea of living aboard and after watching ya'll, I have decided it is what im going to do! Your videos are great because not only do you film the great times, you also film the repairs. Watching is almost like being there! Keep the videos rolling! BTW...I have never heard someone call a beer koozie a cozy! I heard you say that and about spit my beer out laughing so hard! Is that a Philly thing? I was just up in Philly last year. Took a flight there to drive over to Cape May, NJ where my son graduated the Coast Guard. Philly was nice!
  4. @ellendomb804: Bimini --agree best bargain marina is Blue Water.  It is a 5 minute walk to Big Game and all the "downtown" stuff including customs & immigration, restaurants, etc.    Be sure to parade if you are there for Xmas-New Years Junkanoo festivity.
   To save more, anchor off South Bimini -- very quiet, sheltered, good diving and fishing  while you wait for weather to cross to US.
  5. @johnuren1009: I just wanted to say i really enjoy your channel. You make me want to buy a boat like yours and retire in they ecact same way. Im allmost 60 and so ready to put my toes in the sand and not leave. Lol. Sorry for the ramble. Again thanks for the content. Peace. Safe travels.
  6. @rodwilliams2782: U want to eat a cow and I want to see you on that 2 wheeler as hammered as you looked . 😅 you guys are doing an excellent job . ( from Ft Meyers) flying with a 121 operator that has gone chap 11 😂
  7. @TheIowaGunkle: Your videos are helping my husband see that this can be our next chapter too. It’s been my dream for a long time so thank you for making these, the good, the bad and the sunsets. 😊
  8. @donhamblen8060: Thanks for the information on Chub.  It makes more sense with the Idle Club discount.  We always stay at Blue Water in Bimini.  JR is the greatest!
  9. @frankmelero5511: Browns Marina I think is alot cheaper
  10. @kathyline11: You guys are a fun-loving couple who like to meet people and have fun times! enjoy your videos!
  11. @wendybusby9525: Excellent video! Again great hearing about your adventures.
  12. @erickuhl4198: I'd take the slowest boat on the dock any day. You have one thing they don't, and that's comfort lol.
  13. @BellsRides: Great video guys but it seemed a little sad to be leaving the islands. We look forward to the Keys, have fun and Enjoy the Ride.
  14. @Leebr1966: I am sure you have mentioned it in your videos, but what year is Triton and how big is it?
  15. @billdomb: Chub Cay provisions: little market there is often out of much in the way of fresh veggies, but if you go up to the main kitchen, the chef will provide a bunch...for a fee, of course...
  16. @billdomb: what was the 'danger' on that pedestal?
  17. @valalbert6310: I really enjoyed watching your trip from Nassau to Chubb Cay to Bimini to Florida.  I did the same thing in May going in the opposite direction. Returned from Nassau via Spanish Cay.  I will be at the Annapolis Boat Show on Saturday.  What restaurant/bar will you be at and at what time?  My boat is in the boat show - a Cutwater 32.
  18. @halo3tes4: prices at Bahamas ,especially the more popular spots has become out of control, makes people stay away , Bahamas have never been less popular ,IMO, 
    was looking forward to walkers cay return , even carl Allen didn't want to deal with Bahamas . It's become a big money grab, I feel for the locals ,mostly great people ,poverty is bad and just getting worse .
  19. @karaDee2363: So strange, with my Deja Vu acting up. Because I saw you receiving that shaft for your supercharger several weeks ago
  20. @gregpit1964: As usual, love your video. Especially love your music choices.

- Sailing to the Bahamas: Kind: captions Language: en (upbeat music) - We're Sheryl and Paul Shard and have been sailing and living aboard for 30 years now. Last time on Distant Shores we left Rudee Inlet in Virginia and sailed around Cape Hatteras and Cape Lookout, dealt with a fuel system problem that shut down our engine for the whole passage, and arrived at Beaufort in a gale with gusts near 40 knots. This time we're continuing further south sailing offshore from North Carolina towards Florida and the Bahamas. - [Sheryl] Hey, what's happening? - Very exciting, we heading out from Beaufort heading south, it's a pretty nice day, just a few days before the middle of November, which is our hurricane deadline. We can't be south of 30.5 North before the 15th of November, so we're heading down south near to that. We'll do probably one or two days overnight. Got a nice day for this, a bit of motoring today, I think, nice change after that windy day yesterday. (light music) Forecast winds for this leg are light and variable. Purple is calm, blue is five, and 10 knots is green on this weather map. We'll likely be motoring from 10 to 30 miles off the coast of the Carolinas and Georgia before making landfall in Florida. Total 350 miles. - We left Beaufort, North Carolina this morning at 9:30 and we're heading to Cape Fear, that's our waypoint for this evening. And then carrying on right down to Jacksonville, Florida. So we'll be at sea for a couple of nights, we've got a beautiful night with a nice, big moon, so we'll have light through the evening, and it's very calm, and we're very happy that the motors working again, and looking forward to good night watches. - This is a nice, pretty night. Full moon tonight, so the biggest tides. We're also looking at the currents around here. We're using Predictwind to download satellite data. This is a current model showing where the Gulf Stream is. We're heading down the offshore on the East Coast of the U.S., and further down in Florida, the area where you can go gets much narrower as there's not a lot of room between the coast and where the current runs. But a little further up north and all the way to the Carolinas, the current tends to run further offshore. It's still moves around a lot so we like to see the up-to-date data, and you might even be able to catch a lift from back eddies in the current. - [Sheryl] It takes us two days to get to Florida, and then we're in the mouth of the Saint John's River passing the Mayport Naval Station, the third largest naval base in the U.S.A. accommodating large ships right up to aircraft carriers. - There's a lot of current in the river, and now it's ebbing, more than three knots of current slowing us down to just four knots over the ground, although we're motoring at seven and a half. The river is being dredged as part of a project to allow deeper ships to get to the container port. It used to allow 40 foot draft. The new goal is to allow ships that are 47 feet deep to get up the river. Wow. (wind blows) The Jacksonville Bridge has to open up for us, this is Main Street. I always feel bad stopping traffic. - [Sheryl] The bridge has a 40-foot vertical clearance when closed, but can be increased to 135 feet when the span is raised to its highest position. The bridge tender lifts it just enough for our 71 foot mast to clear and so road traffic is not held up longer than necessary. - So what's next is a fixed bridge, and it's right beside a railway bridge, so we can do both at the same time. And the fixed bridge span is 75 feet and we're 71 foot six at high tide, and it's currently high tide. So that means we have a clearance of about that much on top of our mast as we go through here. Always looks like you're gonna hit it. To prepare for the Bahamas we've snagged a slip at the lovely Ortega Landing Marina in Jacksonville and get down to work on boat projects. I ask the Marina Operations Manager if I can borrow a tool to make the mount for my new fuel filter. You here, Bill? Look at this place. This is a cute little shop. The Maintenance Manager here, I came and asked him for a bit of advice and we were talking about some parts and stuff. I think he's gone home, but look at this. So there's some Florida hospitality for you. We've only been here a day and a half, I've been really impressed how super friendly everybody is and we've had so much help. So this project will get finished. Just gonna, this bit of wood, mounting a new Racor filter on top of it. These filters are really great. Using Bill's tools I've shaped this wooden mount and drilled and installed mounting bolts behind, then bonded it in using 3M 5200. That's not going anywhere. Our new filter is the Racor 500. We've used this on all previous boats as our primary fuel filter, removing any water sediment and particles in the fuel down to 10 microns. The bowl collects debris and water, and the vacuum gauge detects when the filter is getting clogged. That should stop any dirt from getting into the engine, but I decide to open up the tank and use the inspection port to check inside. In the U.S.A., where we bought this fuel, the Environmental Protection Agency mandates the use of red dye to identify diesel fuel meant for off-road use such as yacht fuel. Inside it looks quite clear with no sign of dirt in the fuel, except perhaps a few distinct bits lying on the bottom, possibly construction debris. At our next opportunity I will rig something up and try to vacuum the bits from under the fuel. - [Sheryl] Thank you very much. - No problem, you have a good day. - [Sheryl] Yes, thank you. - [Paul] We're off to sea, huh. - Yes, we're about to sail to the Bahamas. We had three grocery carts full of goods, not just for this one week, but for most of the fall too. - Mostly wine from the look of it. (laughs) Underway from Florida. - Ho-ho, its so warm here. - Yeah, sunny Florida. - Off to the Bahamas. - Strong north winds have set up a current in our favor as we head down the coast before the Gulf Stream reestablishes itself as we pass cape Canaveral. Then we will head directly across the stream to minimize the time in the current sweeping us north. It'll be a two-night passage. Well here we go, welcome to the Bahamas, we're just getting up to West End on Freeport. We haven't been in here for 30 years, yikes. What's the news, Sher? - So I just called Old Bahama Bay Marina, they are open for clearance, Customs and Immigration, and they have a slip for us for the night. Standby. - All of our islands are so beautiful, and even with the devastation of primarily mostly the Marsh Harbor area and a few of the neighboring areas, there are still some choices in the Abacos that you can still visit. However, we're the alternative for that because there are still so many beautiful islands, including West End here on Grand Bahama. - [Paul] But weren't they hurt by the storm too? - No, we were able to salvage basically everything that we did experience in a very short time and be ready to open for November first. As a matter of fact, this very week, the 22nd, we're happy to be hosting a Wahoo tournament that will bring us 47 boats and about 170 people. - [Paul] Oh great. - So we're really looking forward to getting back on the, what do they call it, the swing again, and just reliving everything that we've done in the past. - [Paul] We love the Bahamas and we're glad to hear you guys are doing well here. - Well, you mentioned earlier that you were here during the days of Jack Tar, which takes us back quite a bit, and to have you still returning to us, it sends a definite message of something being done right. So just know, we continue to be the ambassadors for our beautiful islands here and it's a pleasure hosting you today. - [Sheryl] Join us next time as we explore the remote Berry Islands then cross the Yellow Banks on the way to the Exumas. Thanks for watching. Your Views, Likes, Comments and Shares help us a lot. If you'd like more in-depth information and consultation, we invite you to check out the Distant Shores Cruising Club. Membership includes early access to videos, member-only Q and A's, live chats, meetups, sailing opportunities and many other beneﬁts to help you prepare for your own adventure. Thanks again for your support. See you on the water.

  Top Comments:
  1. @tedfaber [3 likes]: I’m surprised that you don’t have a battery operated drill on board.
  2. @music-man [1 likes]: Hi Guys.   I lived in Nassau from 1989-to 1991 recording a record at Legendary studio Compass Point studios owned by Island records founder Chris Blackwell.  The whole band was from Toronto.    yea.   have fun.  xx
  3. @Snatchwrangler1 [1 likes]: I think you have your speed over ground and speed through water reversed there at the 4:20 minute mark of the video.
  4. @tstanley01: 10:27 This dude could narrate Disney animated videos.  This voice and accent are amazing...
  5. @bringmethatbass7222: Man I really love the hospitality of the bohemian people
  6. @michaeldobson8859: Some advice on cleaning out your fuel tank of construction debris. Use an aquarium fish net if the debris is solid in nature.  Aquarium nets come in a variety of sizes, so select what will be maneuverable inside the tanks. Tape it to an extension pole from Home Depot paint department or similar so you can extend and retract as needed. Good luck and thanks for the show.
  7. @kimfucku8074: 4:22 shouldn't it be the other way around?
  8. @myjavadogs: Beautiful!!
  9. @Noeman2009: New subscriber here. Instantly hookep up by the beauty of the boat, the crews, its content and narration.
  10. @ZekeChanguris: Okay, it took how long to get from Annapolis to Jacksonville? My brother in law and sister took more than three weeks for the trip?
  11. @kevbjork1: A turkey baster with some hose on the end would allow you to suck most of that grunge out of the tank. Amazing how even new boats need work huh? LOL
  12. @bethmeredith2266: Great video!  As always, top notch.  Thank you~
  13. @jimmarshall5453: I encourage you to visit Governor's Harbor, Eleuthera.
  14. @barracuda781: Thanks for the answer.I love You and am happy for You!I want to keep track of your travels and adventures as long as possible.Take care of each other.
  15. @JohnnyBirdUruguay: Great video with lot of info
Cheers from the South🇺🇾👍
  16. @Jdonaboat: The stars lights at night we’re great shots! What’s your camera gear and settings to get those?
  17. @jwrappuhn71: Great vid ya'll.
  18. @sony5244: Thank u guys for this video. 👍👍👍👍
  19. @lesleyt7438: I'm from Peterborough, Ontario and Jacksonville has been my home for 23 years. I'm so happy you enjoyed the friendly people in my awesome city. I'm enjoying following your adventures. Safe travels 🙂
  20. @daverjax: OooI!  Dat's Mah Neck a Da Woods!  well, this was several months ago, so, You can say Bye bye to the Landing, the last of it got Demolshed.  You could have had a fair anchorage for nothing in the East channel of the St. Jhons Next to Exchange Island almost under the Mathews Bridge, easy Tender acces ashore via the Arlington Boat Ramp, not a terrible beach on that Island Neither, I see's Sloops anchor there once in awiles F.W.F.S.

- Struck By Lightening And Insurance Problems, EP 35: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] well hello everybody folks welcome to episode 35 of sailing alley couch we thought we'd sit down for a few minutes today and just give you guys a quick little video give you a little heads up as to what's going on fill you in on the last couple of months we've had a couple of exciting things happen um you know we're still alive yeah yeah we are still alive we are still here at brunswick landon marina and um i think when we left you all left off you guys was the end of may and we were just about ready to move my mom into a new facility we spent a good month doing that we thought it was going to be a really easy easy transition turned out that there's not really any such thing as an easy transition when it comes to these types of things so it's been um pretty much a daily struggle i'd save weeks getting mom settled in getting mom calmed down getting everybody used to her and everything it has just been a it's been a wild time ladies and gentlemen but anyway mom is in a new facility and she's doing pretty good there so as good as she can be doing for right now so that's great news all right we weren't even uh we weren't even barely even uh over getting mom moved in when good lord have mercy we had a terrible storm blow through here hey everybody this is allie from sailing alley cat and i'm coming to you live from dock five right here at brunswick landon marina you want to know about the storm ladies and gentlemen i'm out here in it and i'm going to bring it to you right we've got quarter-inch hell we've registered 40 night winds so far with a supposed 60 knots coming and we haven't even gotten started with the storm yet the red has not even hit brunswick that's a lot of red right there and as you can see right there the blue dot that's where we are we haven't even gotten into the heart of the storm yet this is gonna be incredible i hope everyone down here has gotten all of your stuff secured because it's a frog choker out there boys and girls ding dang it if we didn't get struck by lightning it wasn't a direct hit but it was enough to knock out uh knocked out the bow thruster and uh we're sitting there watching tv and about a nanosecond before you know the big bang before the lightning hits but a nanosecond before that all of a sudden our ball thrusters started going off and blowing and it wasn't that big of a hit of a lightning so it wasn't a direct hit but it took us a few minutes to figure out that her thruster was going and then a few more minutes to figure out how to shut it off because we were both flabbergasted just running around like chickens with her head cut off didn't know what was going on yeah so anyway did the lightning strike the boat next to us yeah i think it got the boat next to us where's his water maker got wiring got fried build pump water and was fried it came through the water it didn't come from the mast yeah there's a little shock through the water so dave's been busy doing a couple of small projects uh getting that and it happened kind of in between insurances so yes we were right in the middle of in changing insurance companies we had a huge fiasco with who we're with geico vote usa vote u.s let's talk about let's talk about that insurance fiasco that i don't think we're the only ones oh no i know we're not the only ones talking about it but ladies let's tell you our experience with it and how we handled it and what we did just told them you know i wanted to let the insurance company know when we're going to go to the bahamas this was before we left last year so i told him it'll be between god i don't remember the dates um it'll be sometime between december 1st and june 1st and it was fine with them then when i was over there just wanted to make sure everything was still good so i called them up and said we'll be getting back around whatever date and they said that's fine okay no problem we'll give you a weak uh rider no we were still in the bahamas and i got an email from them telling us that we needed to call them immediately because there was a problem oh that's right so you called them up and they and they were like well we're canceling your policy and you were like why are you canceling our policy and they said because you've been in the bahama for longer bahamas for longer than four months and you can't be in the bahamas longer for four months and dave here he told him he said we told you in the beginning and you and where how long we were going to be gone you guys had no problem with it well no i agreed to it yeah they agreed to it before we left we we told them everything we were going to do but somewhere in between that us saying that and us getting to the bahamas they just decided that they no longer wanted to honor that anymore and they were just going to kick us to the curb so we get back and we call them up and we're like all right what do we need to do to straighten this out it was exactly four months we were to the day or i guess that we were there four months we were two that we were there to the day four months so we did not break our contract but yet they still canceled our policy because we told them we might be over there longer than four months so basically what they were doing was looking for an excuse to kick us to the curb and get rid of us so we are no longer with them and we have moved to state farm state farm that's that's pretty good so far state farm has been doing really well and then the latin and smaller i like the instructions so we were worried i called them and she said no you're covered so then thank thank you state farm we were pretty happy about that she was pretty cool about it all right so what damage did that lightning strike cause and we were going to go to tiger point and get the boat hauled out what happened with all that so the lightning took to turn our shorted out the solenoid in the bath ruster so i got that part's coming tuesday so i'll get that um took out our dc amps meter on our circuit breaker panel it showed us has drawn 800 amps my air dryer ain't that big so that was a what the hell it was the meter so i'm gonna replace that um oh tiger point yeah we're supposed to haul out tiger point in two days all set up ready to go scheduled they called us last week last week and said you ain't going nowhere we were supposed to get pushed paul out on the 15th of august now it's going to be the 25th of october you know and if that happens if that happens didn't lose our place in line didn't that's just it's yeah so we were uh we're like okay if we're gonna here be here we might as well take the boat out and do some work and get it all spiffed up and everything nate we can't even do that even uh even this even brunswick brunswick landing marina's yard is 12 weeks out if you want to get hauled out and just have your bottom painted bottom of the boat painted um 12 weeks 12 week wait just to do that oh it's not easy getting work done on a boat you know you got this grand idea that you're going to move on board your boat and you're going to sail off into the great blue yonder and everything is going to be awesome she was it just don't happen that way people just don't happen that way someday someday it will no anyway so we're here um we're not going to tiger point and hopefully we'll we're probably going back to bristol but i'm getting some other work done here in the marina meanwhile we're getting some of that we're trying to get some of the work done um so our bow thruster uh the part will be what we'll be in soon and we're gonna do that in the next video for you guys ball thruster uh repair i guess foul threat we're doing a bow thruster repair in the next video for you guys that'll be uh that might be something you might be interested in so that might be cool let's see what else we're leaving for minnesota in a couple of days we're going up to uh our daughter is uh pregnant and we are going up for her baby shower so we're expecting a grand baby boy and october's are pretty excited about that she's not having a shower she's just having a party yeah we're just going to a big family party how often does your daughter get to buy you drinks and she can't drink [Laughter] and when we get back from that then we'll get on the bow thruster project and we'll see about doing some other repairs that we've got set up some things you guys might be interested in and i guess that's about all we've got for right now i just want to do a little quick something something and get this out there to you guys so you know what's going on um thanks for stopping by and uh checking out our little video uh thanks to all you subscribers uh it's really awesome we really appreciate the love and support you guys are usually so fan fantastically supportive it's wonderful our love to us yeah we don't even really have a lot of content you guys just keep on watching and supporting us it's just fantastic we love you thank you so yeah that's what we've got and until next time love and peace everybody we'll hopefully be talking with you soon and uh with this next video in this bouthrester repair

  Top Comments:
  1. @samuelcummings6635 [1 likes]: Would love a breakdown of your water maker installation on your next video. Saw it originally in the bilge and am intrigued
  2. @codybishop5331 [1 likes]: Love the video updates! yall keep safe and keep dodging those curve balls!
  3. @SailingByeFelicia: We saw your post in a Key West sailing Group. Just wanted to say hi and support your channel.  

 We are based out of Key West.
  4. @debbiem.3184: Congratulations on the grand baby! Y’all stay safe and keep that bad weather away! 🤗
  5. @kimlefler9355: Sorry to hear about a lightening strike, glad you both are safe.  Thanks for the updates on family. Miss you both. Safe travels

- Why you don't NEED a Watermaker to live on the hook! | ⛵ Sailing Britaly ⛵: Kind: captions Language: en Hi guys, in this sailing tips video we're going to talk about how you can live on a small boat without a water maker we don't have a water maker on this boat and we only have 120 liters water storage onboard this is our water maker a 20 liter jerrycan. It's till got the price on it it was four euros 40 cents! The reason we're making this video is because we read recently about somebody who's preparing a boat for a long voyage where they wants to live aboard at anchor for long periods and they were saving up money to buy a water maker which they were struggling to afford but they thought that it was necessary to buy one in order to avoid staying in marinas well that's just not true there are two different ways of doing it the first way is what we did when we went on our honeymoon to Corsica we stayed on the boat for 23 days we were anchored every single night and at the time we weren't using this jerrycan method but what we did was we conserved our water so we used very little water - brushing our teeth with a tiny amount for example - and half way through the holiday we went into a port we didn't stay overnight but we just paid to get the water you can also find free water and lots of petrol stations so if you go to get fuel for your boat often you can get free water anyway the second method in our opinion is the best and that is just to take a jerrycan with you every time you go ashore then you can find a free water fountain pretty much everywhere you refill your tank and put it in your tender when you go back to your boat you transfer it to your water tank and doing this we've just spent a couple of weeks at anchor and when we got back the tank was still full because every couple of days we were filling the tank and put it into our main water tank so it's very simple you don't have the expense or the maintenance of all the hassle of owning a watermaker so it's a valid way of doing it and this could make the difference for someone who's buying a boat or preparing themselves to go on a big journey this extra expense could be the thing that's stopping them from being able to go and do it so you don't need a watermaker necessarily in our opinion on a boat of this size a water maker isn't practical because not only do you have to find the space to fit the watermaker which would take up some room we could find the room for that on board but the problem is the power requirements for a watermaker are huge so on top of the water maker you then have to have an external generator for a very very large amount of extra power generation just to run your water maker so from that sense in our minds it's not really practical for a smaller boat also they're really expensive not just to buy but also to maintain the membranes are very expensive and they take a lot of maintenance a lot of the time you're going to your boat and you'll be spending time fixing the water maker rather than enjoying your boat so they do have advantages I'm not saying that nobody should have a water maker it depends on your circumstances but what we're saying is you don't need a water maker you can make it work without one if you have a bigger boat then you've got room for the water maker and it's spares and you've also got room for the extra power generation required to run the wate maker so the calculation may be different on a larger boat but in our minds on a small boat around this size 30 foot a water makers not really practical and you don't need one because this is a water maker do you agree yes or no comment below and let us know what you think before you leave check out the rest of our videos we've got lots of different kind of videos coming boat recipes boat maintenance sailing blogs sailing tips all kinds of different stuff if you like what you see then please subscribe to our channel so you don't miss our future videos thanks for watching we'll see you soon ciao

  Top Comments:
  1. @jaimeparra27 [2 likes]: Mister, it is easy to talk, I want to see you sailing in the caribbean without a watermaker
  2. @The_Gryph [1 likes]: I wonder if this opinion has changed since the video was first published. 

In europe this is fairly reasonable. There's good access to clean water in most places you go. At anchor in other places around the world, this isn't as accurate and I would recommend a watermaker solely on the basis of it's filtration ability. 

Rain capture sounds like a fix but you'd still want to treat it. Clouds travel and the precipitation that falls may have formed from elsewhere, bringing with it microbes and chemicals. In the main it's not something to be overly concerned about but some form of water treatment for any captured water is a good idea. 

Regarding the numerous comments on sail harvesting, again I would filter and treat it, no matter how clean anyone thinks thier sail is. 

Parts-wise a lot has changed in 5 years, so the replacement parts are comperable in price to any other servicable components onboard. Membranes you tend to change around 6 months or so, depening on usage (law of common sense applies), filters have thier own expiry and a lot of the prefab watermakers have PPM sensing as a standard these days.

Is a watermaker required? No. Is it recommended? Yes. 

It's like any other system on the boat. It's an extra layer of safety for an environment we're not fully designed for. Whether or not people plan to buy or make on is really down to how much value they place on safety and what thier approach is to acceptable levels of risk. 

There are plenty of ways around not having one, especially in europe. Further afield, I wouldn't want to be caught out and I'd say it's a necessity for global travel.
  3. @jesusnice850: "How to get water without going to the marina" ... Well, "take the tender and go to shore, have a partner to man the tender whilst you are ashore".

Yep, easy.

Dude, if I'm alone and at anchor you are telling me to 
- Leave the boat alone at anchor and the tender alone at the pontoon.
- Trek around for some free water, carry 20 to 40 kilos back to the tender.
- Pray that the tender is not stolen.
- Move 2 jerry cans from pontoon to tender then onto boat.
... Yey, I got 40 litres and only 50 % chance of losing my tender.

Pfff.

I might as well set up condensation traps floating around my boat... useless advice.

You got me angry.
  4. @captainchristianguy3307: Interesting point of view. I haven't gotten the boat yet to be honest lol! I'm an amateur sailor and looking for now my second sailboat but I'm looking for a big enough boat for my family because it's a rather large family. I have plans to have a decent size generator anyway. In my situation I think it would be ideal to have a water maker just because I've got 6 people on board full time. It is expensive as all hell I must agree. I also can see it becoming quite a pain in the arse should things go astray. There are certain amenities I've already decided I need to live aboard. I must have a TV and a gaming console for my kids and my own sanity. At that point I feel like it would be in my best interest to get a water maker but after watching this video I feel relieved that I may not necessarily need one to get on the water. Thank you for your perspective sir!
  5. @DonaldHammond-w8d: Good food for thought
  6. @sailingaroundtheworld1427: It all depends on what is your area of sailing and how good is the quality of the drinking water.
  7. @petedearden5219: You can't get free water in the Caribbean.  I'm afraid your Information is incorrect. We run a watermaker from solar on a 33ft boat. We don't see the need to skimp on water and we don't want to spend hours searching and paying for water.
  8. @rickkwitkoski1976: AND you can MAKE your own water maker with off-the-shelf components. For MUCH cheaper!
  9. @southerntexashomestead5028: You can put in the effort of rigging a simple rain water catchment system.
That can save you from carring heavy jerry cans around. No power needed. : )
  10. @seal28halic90: I still want one 😪
  11. @Jaantoenen: There are many more ways of making water than the "watermaker".
  12. @bertlbarm4374: have seen this video now the first time, for costal sailing is your argumentation right, but if you go further out the watermaker makes sense
  13. @michaelguthrie2344: 100% agree. For our lifestyle simplicity is crucial.
  14. @jankobortolamai1409: Its cheaper buy perrier or evian then mantain a watermaker
  15. @MycSailor: Water is a wast of space. I bring beer and whiskey since it’s more valuable. The old timer sailors and cowboys knew this too!
  16. @calmauric8218: Disagree. I think that a modern, efficient water maker is paramount. You can then have consistent water quality everywhere you go, utilise a compact dc washing machine for laundry, drinking, showering, cleaning etc. - town water is generally crap, and usuallly unavailable after a severe weather event. Towns consistently have water restrictions and marinas/docks can charge you for it, or even say "no". Its worth the large upfront cost. And the occasional maintenance. Water is the one thing we do not survive long without
  17. @SailingPantera: I agree as we have the same Jerry cans for the boat and we aren't allowed in marinas so we have to bounce around anchorages or open ocean doing long passages and sometimes we have run out of water a day or so before we arrive. We carry 140 litres of water but now we have acquired a manual desalinator which looks like its been abused we just have to buy a new filter for it which costs about £200 online. This is just incase we ever run out of water again. Electric desalinators have common faults with the solinoid where they oxidise and get stuck on which results in your water tank emptying all the water. This has happened to alot of friends of mine imagine just relying on your desalinator and you don't carry backup water tanks then your water maker empties all your water as your in a 2 week or 4 week sail across an ocean. Crazy if you ask me always carry Jerry cans don't rely 100% on expensive gadgets as they will generally fail you when your out there. Water is gold on a boat.
  18. @lutzweb: i tested living 30days in italy on board solo, close to the coast and no marina... and yes the jerrycan is the BEST solution
  19. @odeltarkhan3033: Lots of people here don't seem to understand that a water maker is a survival kit not a luxury. In case of open water drifting nobody will bring you gallons of water out there. And who cares about expensive electric water maker? A water maker should be able to produce water even in a life raft. So guys water storage in gallons is a good thing but don't forget when you are drifting in open water, gallons are empty and haven't been raining for at least a month the buddy that will keep you alive is a manual water maker or portable solar water maker. Best option is the hand pump. It requires only human power and doesn't depend on any other type of power. Been crossing oceans for over 22 years had my share of up and down in open ocean. If any anyone is interested I can show you how to make fresh water at sea for less than $ 300 . You just need a hydraulic car jack, an osmosis filter and a stainless steel cylinder
  20. @markfishersolosailing7033: That's 4 minutes of my life i'll never get back.

- Sailing Alone 11,500 Nautical Miles Across The Entire Pacific Ocean on a $2400 Sailboat: Kind: captions Language: en [Applause] I was introduced to sailing in 2014 when I spent 21 days on board a custom High latitude sailboat sailing throughout the orcy Isles of Northern Scotland under the command of Captain silia bull we visited ancient Neolithic sites that predate Stonehenge sailed to an island whose sheep have evolved to survive on seaweed arrived to Timeless sea ports in the thick fog sailed down the North Sea and cross lock Nest as we transited the Caledonian Canal when I stepped off that boat my life was changed forever and Upon returning to Los Angeles I had a single goal to see the World by sale I spent the next 3 years sailing weekly on race boats in Southern California working as crew on yacht deliveries in both the North Pacific and North Atlantic to gain as much experience as I could and I dreamed of the day I would sail my own boat towards distant Horizons in 2017 I found my forever boat a 1965 alberg 30 Sloop that had been neglected and forgotten but had great bones thank you much thank you so much appreciate it I hope you go around the world that be so kicking I will I paid $2,400 for her and got to work getting her back into sailing condition I sailed her every chance I got from weekly Day sales to weekends away at Catalina Island to two we trips at the northern Channel Island I slowly learned what the boat needed and didn't need and would spend a month or two knocking out big projects then get back to sailing her I did the refit over 4 years working paycheck to paycheck investing close to $30,000 to transform the boat into a proper blue water cruiser that was ready to sail the world on August 12th 20 21 that time had come my slip tras lines from a guest slip at marina Del re California and pointed the bow West Bound for the Hawaiian Islands halfway to Hawaii I lost the ability to steer after striking a submerged object that eventually led to Total Rudder failure I found myself a drift in the middle of the Pacific Ocean 1,000 nautical miles from the nearest land after 3 days of attempting to dive on the rudder I eventually rigged up a drug that allowed me to steer the boat and get back to sailing completing the 2300 nautical mile passage in 32 days I spent the next 8 months exploring the Hawaiian Islands from aahu to mikai laai Maui and the Big Island all the while awaiting the correct sailing season to sail South when the time finally arrived I hauled up the anchor and sailed towards the Southern Cross the first 8 days out of Hawaii were beating to Windward and were some of the most uncomfortable sailing I have ever done but soon I was crossing the Equator was able to point due south for the twoot archipelago in French Polynesia this 2300 nautical mile passage took me 26 days and I smiled ear to ear as I cross through the PA into the Lagoon of my first ever tropical atle I enjoyed amazing snorkeling in rangi Rose Lagoon and sailed across its uncharted waters to the uninhabited Motu Fama next I sailed to Tikki how and swam with large manta rays and explored an abandoned Pearl Farm some 2 miles out into its Lagoon [Music] I then sailed to Tahiti where I visited his famous wave break tiu and witnessed the best Surfers in the world competing in the Tahiti Pro after Tahiti I visited magical Mora whose mountains seem otherworldly pushing on to wahini I found myself at V Harbor and rode out a week's worth of storms once the storms had passed I went to visit the Island's sacred blue ideals my next stop in the society Islands was riota where I visited the center of the Polynesian universe and the largest religious site for these ancient seagoing people tapaa ATA I went on to explore rivers and coral passes of both Rota and Taha before sailing on to the legendary Bora Bora whose beautiful Waters did not disappoint with Cyclone Seasons steadily approaching and still many miles ahead of me I departed French Polynesia and sailed for American Samoa my passage was a lively one with steady 20 plus knots of wind and a large following seas that come along with them each new ocean passage presented me with new challenges in regards to both ship handling and repairs things that se break they rattle loose and they wash open with the NeverEnding abuse of the ocean I made some 1100 nautical miles in 10 days time with record daily runs in the strength and trade winds after a short rest at Pongo Pongo I sailed 600 nautical miles to Fiji in less than a week approaching the outer reefs in the loud group I found my engine would not start with light winds I adjusted my cells throughout the night to make sure I got safely past the dangers and into the prote Waters of the Coro sea I didn't know it at the time but the large following Seas had forced sea water slowly up my exhaust pipe and back into my engine on passage a possibility I was well aware of and tried to remedy but without success I eventually got the engine to start and motored the rest of the way to coper shed Marina arriving at midnight on my sixth day at Sea I explored the island of vanu levu presented seu to a village Chief before visiting their water fall with the children I sailed on to the island of Makai a former leopard Colony that has turned into a coral Farm leaving Makai I sailed through blly water and marveled at the thought of Captain blly and his Men Sailing through these same Waters I arrived at the isawa group and visited the famous Limestone caves staring up at this natural Cathedral of stunning Beauty it was hard to believe my own eyes as I cruised through the rest of the isawa I snorkel over the most beautiful coil I had ever seen and hiked across uninhabited islands one morning my engine troubles finally got the best of my starter I found myself possibly stranded away from all services in this remote island chain after taking the starter apart and putting it back together I finally managed to get the engine to run and made my way to fiji's largest island vti levu where I spent 3 weeks trying to sort out the engine issues I managed to get it running well enough to get me outside the Barry reefs as cycl season quickly approached after that the engine never started again my passage to New Zealand proved to be the most challenging passage so far leaving the reliable trade WIS behind I'd become spoiled with the incredible sailing conditions that are known as the coconut milk run now heading due south sailing into the variables I found more calms than ever and when there was wind it was strong and mean it seemed like the winds would either blow five knots or 40 knots and rarely much in between without a working engine I couldn't motor through the comms as most Cruisers do so I would sit and wait as each new storm system approached after a 15-day passage of 1100 nautical miles I arrived to New Zealand in a building Gale I managed to sail within 1 mile of the quarantine dock but found it impossible to short tag the last distance against increasing winds and an outgoing current I dropped anchor and began getting the dingy ready to attach to the hip when a Good Samaritan arrived and offered me a toe I tied up to the dock as the storm gained strength and felt a great sense of relief after getting my engine rebuilt I spent the next year exploring New Zealand and seeing as much as I could I visited 70 anchorages in Harbors selling in the Bay of islands Kaki Gulf making passage down the west coast of the north island and exploring marbal sounds with Midsummer approaching I departed Nelson on what I feared would be my roughest and most challenging Passage so far across the infamous tasmin Sea The Crossing turned out to be the easiest ocean passage I had ever done I managed to sell on the edge of some very nasty storm fronts and use the top of high pressure systems to make my way west arriving to Sydney Harbor in the dark after 13 days at Sea a passage of 1200 nautical miles as I crossed into Sydney heads my heart raised so we just crossed into Sydney Harbor into the entrance and I have officially crossed the Pacific ocean solo and it feels fantastic covering more than 11,000 nautical miles over 2 and 1/2 years time on a 59-year-old 30t sailboat alone I hope my story helps you realize that seemingly Impossible Dream is possible if you're not rich it will take a lot of hard work and patience it will seem like a Fool's errand at times but keep your head down stay focused stay stubborn and make it happen I'll leave you with the short clip that I filmed while in Fiji it pretty much sums it up I just had like a really funny sort of like memory thought realization that I wanted to share with you guys um I was thinking about the messaging of like follow your dreams follow dreams you know make your dreams come true which I preach all the time um and it's easy to say follow your dreams from this sort of setting right and I was thinking about when I began following my dreams how absolutely terrible it was and uh kind of a a memory came to mind of this exact scene where I was pulling the seized engine out of tra within a month of buying her I had no experience on doing this whatsoever and I had no one to help me or suggest what to do and um I just read as much as I could and I researched how to do it and I made it happen and it was terrible um and somebody had like popped up on a video in an exotic location on a gorgeous yacht and been like just follow your dreams I'd have been like how about you off but the reality was is this ex this is exactly when you are following your dreams um and this is the you know the result of the dream following um and also continues to be following your dreams but for most of us the initial part is really hard and it sucks and it's not sexy and it's not fun and you go to sleep hurting at night covered in grease and Diesel and cuts and bruises and blood and it seems like there's no way to the finish line but I just wanted to go ahead and continue with the annoying messaging of please follow your dreams if if you would like to see my route in even more detail head over to my tracker and check out the blog click on points and see everywhere I've gone if you enjoy the content on this channel and would like to contribute you can consider joining the patreon crew thanks for watching Fair WIS until next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @OrthodoxStoriesScripture: Why do you have those devilish tattoos on your body? Aren't you afraid of dying with them? Do you really think they'll let you into heaven looking like that?
  2. @simonlagger5105: Unbelievable. You reached the highest form of life
  3. @danmalic6688: 30 years ago when i was 54 a friend convinced me to buy a sailboat.....he said that the best learning boat would be an ALBERG 30......I knew nothing about boating, but that did not hold me back......there were no ALBERGS 30 to buy, so he suggested a PEARSON 26 which he thought perfect to learn on.....I never came across an ALBERG 30 to buy, but I sailed the Great Lakes for 12 years solo always remembering Melwille"s warning.  "A great lakes mariner has nothing to be ashamed of when compared to an ocean's sailor." At 66 years old I had to quit sailing.:eyes-purple-crying: Thank you for sharing⚓
  4. @charliemaddocks3277: Wow what an adventure ❤
  5. @dougbeers6123: Nice job, great story, thanks
  6. @rezzer7918: Music 👎
  7. @TheMusicMessiah: Ritch effers who don't need to work a real job...nice parents!
  8. @seditiouswalrus: 😂 its not a 2400 dollar boat its a 32400 dollar boat (not forgetting to mention the labor itself as well) quit the clickbait.
  9. @iliad21: Good job sailor.
  10. @BossHossGuitars: Could I do this on $52,000 a year for my military retirement?  Selling all my possessions to buy a boat?
  11. @scottrock2232: Well I'm impressed
  12. @landen99: Hey!  If you spend $30k on a $2400 boat, it becomes a $32.4k boat.  Simple math.
  13. @Gresh-y1o: 10:50 brother is swol. 11:54. Right on. Man looks like a combo of Rich Roll and Steve Vai. :) ty 4 vid. sub'd.
  14. @bladedrummer3498: He actually spent over 30 grand and it nearly stranded him.
  15. @TheNiteVillain: Nuts of titanium. I'd be terrified. I'm in the house panicking on his behalf.
  16. @kiritoelpro6308: Hi! Could you tell me the piano track used around minutes 4–7 in this video? It’s beautiful.
  17. @TBaggs: Your the exception to the rule. When in Rome.
  18. @Dallasguy223: Soles😍
  19. @dimacus15: 1:37 Paid 2400$ + Invest (?UNKNOWN PRICE?) to back it sail + Spend 1-2 months Rebuilding it + "working paycheck to paycheck investing 30000$ to transform the boat....". So its not a 2400$ sailboat anymore isnt it? Misleading name of the video should changed to "Sailing Alone on 32400$+ sailboat"
  20. @2wfts1: You mean a $32400 sailboat 😂

- Life Aboard: Making Water: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] I know this. Okay, so one of the things we had trouble with as we were coming across the Atlantic was air getting into our water maker as we were trying to make the water well underway. So while we were in Miami, we added a scoop for the through hole uh rather than the standard through hole from Fountain Pou. So now I'm going to test that out and see if that helps reduce the amount of air that gets drawn into the system. The first step is get the generator on cuz our water maker runs off our generator. And I went inside and turn on a few air conditioners so that we have some load on the generator cuz it's not good to run that without anything providing the load. So now we're ready to go ahead and start up our water maker. Down here, this is our control panel. this uh blue switch. This is for whether we send it over to the water sample or the tank. Start out. I'm going to have it come to the sample. This is the pressure regulator. Make sure it is completely open. Don't want any pressure when we start the system. And then uh first step is I'm going to turn on the boost pump. So over there, those are our primary filters, and I'm uh watching those pretty closely just to see if there's any air bubbles that's getting into the system with the boost pump. And so far, it looks like it's okay. So, uh next step is we're going to go ahead and turn on the high-pressure pump, which is uh back over here at the control valve. All right. So, I've been keeping a close eye on the air in the filters and uh after bleeding out a little bit of air that was in the system, it uh seems to be doing pretty well. So, we're going to go ahead and now start turning on the pressure and uh see if this MP started working. There you go. Starting to get a fresh system. And it's starting to make some water. Pretty amazing. We'll go ahead and let it uh take a little bit of water, kind of flush out the system a little bit, and we'll test it and send some to the tanks if everything's working out okay. All right. So, now that we've gone and started everything and tested the water, got a little bit here to test out for myself. So, cheers. That's good tasting water. So, the next step, go ahead and swap over from making sample water to putting it into the tanks. In order to swap from making water samples to over to the tank, all I got to do this valve over, stop making water out here, and get sent over to our water tanks. Nice and easy.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Questionmarks237 [3 likes]: Thanks for the inside... I found it, not only interesting... But informative. I love. Learning about the systems on the live aboard boats. Just feeds more and more into my fantasy of following your lead, assuming the wife would let me.... Lol.
  2. @blugrasssful [2 likes]: My new favorite sailing subscription. Thanks.
  3. @sebrofseven [1 likes]: Omg you two.  I am so excited I found your channel.  I love youtube sailing families mostly because it takes me away from my mind, but helps me learn too being a very recent sailboat owner. Power boated most of my life, now at age 60 bought a little cape dory sailboat and taking lessons.  Check out my first real passage.  Cape Dory 22 from Marina Del Rey to Catalina Island.  More than likely I will binge watch your videos and catch up in good time.  Just to say, you guys look and interact fabulously together.  Love your Cat too.  We have a home in Santa Clarita and an hour away is MDR with our little boat.  We plan to transition to retirement in a few years, and a cat is where we will live probably here in LA.  Fair winds my new friends.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C52Su4uuiTs&feature=youtu.be   Mike
  4. @guzziventure1750 [1 likes]: Nice series you make. Saw all of them. Thanks from Holland (Europe)
  5. @ResoluteSetsSail [1 likes]: Great setup, we have an old HRO on our boat that is constantly having issues. Like the install. Did you do that yourselves or did you have someone install for you?
  6. @tentimes4 [1 likes]: there's a device we use in our lab and on our ships called a vortex debubbler.  It's a passive air elimination device.  You may want to look into that.
  7. @tonymeredith1000f [1 likes]: Cant wait for your next post
  8. @kenlynch6332 [1 likes]: Just discovered and subscribed.  Looking forward to your vids and journey
  9. @chas711usa [1 likes]: So you have to get into the engine room every time you want to make water?

And thanks for the vids, next best thing to being there.
  10. @halsar1729: What issues would arise for RV folks recycling thier shower water with a water maker?
  11. @francoismaurice79: Very educational.  I follow many sailor and often they miss on showing those technical videos. You hit a homerun
  12. @notarookee778: Mystery solved...
  13. @sickbastd: Just a curious question.  Does the graduated sight glass contain water? It looked rather yellow to me?
  14. @mutinyvisual: So no problems with it?

- Here's What Happens When The Generators Die On Your Crab Boat | Deadliest Catch: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] on the wizard all right if you guys are ready we'll gohe and start okay Roger geted up ready to go oh oh whoa Houston we got problems the chief up Roger just welcome up Roger where's where's Mouse did the engine just die all together yeah okay first a CH there he is with the main generator down the ship went blocked out right now engine shut down for some unknown reason Captain Keith goldurn looks to his chief engineer Thomas mariso for a fix I'm going and KCK those off and then we'll figure it out up there then I'll have you come down and figure out what happened we don't know we have no idea what happened at this point we're still trying to assess the situation downstairs what we do know is this our main generator went down we went dead ship um and at this point right now we're just starting everything back up hopefully the chief will uh be able to figure out what the problem is yeah first day is not going so well for us right now

  Top Comments:
  1. @ryand4533 [41 likes]: All the gear on that damn boat and they don’t have safety lighting??? I would have some sort of emergency power/lights hooked up to batteries.
  2. @TheMrmodernmonkey [22 likes]: love how someone screams POWER when the lights go out lol
  3. @TechMechanocrat [16 likes]: Conclusion: the engineer forgot to switch on the charger to the generator battery to keep it running and it was using battery power instead of generating power to keep it running
  4. @JamesSlaysDrums [10 likes]: The way the lights just slowly one by one go out and everything shuts down gave me chills!
  5. @BabooTheFunkGod [9 likes]: 1:06 is that a John Deere oil filter
  6. @ohwowitsseth8746 [4 likes]: Nobody: 

Discovery Channel on YouTube: Hey look what happens when a generator dies on a crab boat
  7. @WilleJamesHuff [3 likes]: Nice electrical sound effects added as it happened
  8. @JohnJohnson-ud5fl [3 likes]: Research would say The Wizard is the oldest boat of the fleet
  9. @user-fp4dm6od1b [3 likes]: He is yelling over a running engine screaming "everything turned off"
  10. @sontungle2641 [1 likes]: I see a John Deere engine in here.
  11. @randyogburn2498 [1 likes]: Why don't they have battery backup safety lights or a 12 volt system powered by an alternator on the main engine?
  12. @gary63693 [1 likes]: Someone obviously put the toaster on and blew a fuse
  13. @conqueringlion420: Heres what happens but first we must force Mike's voice over down your throats
  14. @U2BEMatchmaker: Sorry that happened on the first day. Hope it gets better.
  15. @BGFutureBG: noted thanks!
  16. @squirrelhunter1300: Could not have happend to a better person
  17. @donkarlo7401: Damn Keith all the money u make crabbin. Buy a FUCKIN streamlight.
  18. @USAIRFORCE621: This is what Keith gets for treating Discovery's crew who are all doing their jobs like shit, karma is a bitch!
  19. @pizzalicker4576: I find it hard to believe that this piece of shit is allowed to even hold a captains license much less possess one.
  20. @cooper6674: Captain sig flicking his 111th fat but off top dec at 1.46

- We REBUILT Our DC Generator with Bus Alternators!: Kind: captions Language: en We rebuilt our boat's generator with bus alternators that we purchased off of eBay. Our original DC generator head from Alibaba was crap and we were hoping that these alternators would work better. I had great plans for them and a design in my head to run two of these massive alternators in parallel to give us the power we need to run everything on Tumblr. However, sometimes the plan in your head just doesn't work out and [music] things break catastrophically. Watch what happens as I try to make my idea a reality. We're Bla and Janice and this is Tongaroa, our 1969 78 foot aluminum yacht we found abandoned in Alaska. So far, we've ripped out the old Detroit diesels, rebuilt and marinized a pair of Cumins truck engines, and tackled wiring, grinding, [music] and fabricating from bow to stern. But we're just getting started. There's so much more to come. We've got big plans [music] for Tangaro. And the goal isn't just to live aboard. It's to tinker across the Pacific to Japan by way of Alaska. If you're into boat work, engine rebuilds, [music] and making old things new, subscribe and join us on our never- ending sea trial. So, if you guys have been following along in our stories, you will remember that I built a gen set based on a Alibaba DC 24VT uh generator head and had some issues come up with that. The generator just never performed uh right from the get-go. It didn't produce the amperage that it was speced out for. um it ended up having problems where charging would cut in and out. Uh big issues and just it wasn't feasible to keep. So we decided on doing something a little bit different. When I say we, I mean I because Janice has nothing to do with that. She would prefer not to. Um we ended up going with a alternator setup. So, what I did was I got a hold of well six very large DC alternators uh just like you'd have in a car or in our particular case a bus. Um and I was going to set those up to and did set those up to run our DC side um because they can produce lots of amperage and it just seemed like a good idea. >> Exciting. Our new alternators are in Canada. So Blaine and I are just heading to the airport right now to clear them into Canada through customs and pick them up. Could never be said that my father does not know how to build a crate. These are our new alternators in here. And uh there's got to be a screw every four or 5 in. This this thing could survive a a nuclear holocaust. Okay, moment of truth. Yep, those are some big ass alternators. We got the new alternators. Um they weren't what they said they were. However, they are still good alternators and uh still very ample for what we're after. So, I'm I'm not too upset about it. Um but yeah, definitely not Dellstar 400s, which I I had anticipated uh with the amp alternators. What we've got is a Dellstar 300, which is a 330 amp alternator. And then we have a Pintex PX833, which is also a 350 amp alternator or 330 somewhere around in there. Um, which is still way more than what we need. So, I'm I'm okay with that. Uh, but u but not what I not what I expected coming in. Um, the Dellstar 300's actually might work out better uh just due to the fact that they're a little bit smaller size-wise. they'll fit in my generator enclosure a little bit better. Um but um yeah, so I'm gonna get cracking with trying to get these up and working on our system and um I think these are going to go on the engines and these are going to go on the generator. And just to give you an idea of how big these are, that's um that's my my hand on there. That's a that's a pretty big alternator. Um, even the Dellstar 300's big, but uh, the PX833 is certainly a beast. So, these are going to get dropped off probably tomorrow over at the alternator shop here in town just to have them test them and see what we've got here because obviously they are used alternators. Hopefully, they're good. Uh, there's not a lot to go wrong with these. These are are um brushless alternators, so there's not really much for wear parts short of um bearings anyway. So hopefully they all perform as we [snorts] would hope. Alternators and the reason why I chose them is they're pretty reliable. There's not a lot to go wrong with them. Uh these were externally regulated so I've got control of them. And I just figured that they'd be something that I could set up to be able to do what I wanted to do with them uh and do so fairly reliably. Uh so what I decided on was a dual alternator configuration. Um, and the reason why I did that is mainly because I didn't want side loading loading on the generator. Uh, the the actual diesel motor. Uh, these are fairly large alternators. They weigh in at about 95 lbs a piece. They are huge. Um, and they're capable of putting out a continuous 300 amps. Um, and you know, over time, all of that load pulling on the generator, uh, the the the diesel motor could possibly have some problems with bearings. So, what I decided to do was run two alternators because I wanted not only to split the load on the bearing, I wanted to split the load on the alternator. Uh, I didn't want to have one alternator running peak output because that induces heat, uh, just more wear on the alternator altogether. But if I took two of them and I only demanded half amperage on them, then that would work for me. Not only that, the the amperage that these could put out was less in a single alternator than what I wanted ultimately. Uh so two alternators just made sense. So it worked out really well that with two alternators, I could configure them. So they each had their own set of belts, but they were tensioned with each other. So I had one tensioner that went across the top of the two alternators that tension them together. And what that meant was that my side loading on my generator bearings were next to nothing because they were each pulling in an opposite direction at the same load. So once again seemed like a pretty good idea and it for that purpose it did work out pretty well. So I'm back at the shop today and it's time for me to do a little bit more work on this DC generator. So what I've got is my plate that about bolts to the back of the diesel engine. So, that's my bolts to my prime mover. And then this is going to be my new generator head. Uh, possibly even two of them. So, I've got to build a framework to hold this in place. Uh, and it's going to bolt to this guy. I've got a triangulated end. So, it's cuz I mean it's going to be a lot of weight back here. These are like 90 lbs each. These alternators ridiculously heavy. Um, and there might be two. Uh, so I've got to make sure that I get far enough back that this bracket will support most of the weight of these alternators. um and support the back of the generator head or the generator as well, uh the main diesel engine. So, I just kind of start by getting a look at it and figuring out um how it's going to all work. And one of the main things that I wanted to concentrate on as well is I've got this pulley that's going to be on the back. And these are big alternators and they're going to put a lot of load on it. And I want to make sure that um the load that is on these these uh alternators is not going to create a lot of undue stress on the generator bearings. So say I put one of these on here, generator spinning, creating load on the belt. That's going to pull this pulley across uh to that side, which is going to create more load on the generator bearing itself. Uh which is what I don't want. So, what I'm going to end up doing is mounting these generator or these alternators a little higher, and I'm going to put one on each side likely. And what that'll do is split the balance between the two sides of the the pulley, uh, which will keep from overloading one side of the bearing. Uh, so that's what I'm going with for starters. This plan is definitely subject to change, but that's what I'm going to try to do first. So, you see, I got this mocked up here. The flywheel is fairly centered. The pulleys in the center are fairly centered as well, and they're actually bolted to the flywheel. I've got my alternator sitting here where it's clear of the actual pulleys. So, now what I'm doing is I'm figuring out these lower portions here. Not sure if you can see that. There we go. That's better. So, this is going to be the the mount portions on the underneath. So, the alternators will actually pivot on these. Um, and then I'll have some sort of a tensioning mechanism at the top. But for now, I'm going to get these guys put in and get my basic lower frame done. And then I'll start tackling some reinforcements and whatnot. All right. So, there I have my little base frame. Now, that is not going to be enough because this is not enough to prevent this whole thing from flexing here. So, I've got to do some sort of a strut from the back to the front here to triangulate that to give it some rigidity. Problem being is I've got the pulley right there. So, if I try to go too low, I hit the pulley. So, I've got to figure out a way to get around that. And it's probably going to be making some sort of a bracket up here that spaces it out a little bit. Um, but we'll see. I'm going to play around a little bit. See if I can't figure that out. Just one little brace there. I'll probably do some gussets in these corners here just to give that a little bit more strength, but that should do the trick. So, now I just got to weld all this stuff up and uh then I can bring it to the boat and do some testing. This is an exciting one for me. Um these are the regulators for the alternators that we've got and uh I have been very excited about these. So, we're going to check them out. These are the Wake WS500 Bluetooth modules. And um so they're all programmable via Bluetooth. You don't need cables. Oh, we got the >> So you don't need cables. >> Well, you need cables to attach the [laughter] the weight speeds to the alternator. >> Like I see cables, >> but you don't need to need them to attach to your phone or a laptop. So, two cables. We've got two I'm assuming these are the current sensors. So, these are the 500 amp shunts. So, that's what measures our current throughput on our alternators. I've got alternator temperature sensors times two. And then of course I've got the wig speed regulators. Have a look at these. These are super awesome. They have an incredible capability on them and they integrate very well with my system. So I'm very very excited to see how these work. Now I got to get my alternators working. >> Sorry. What are you making? >> I'm making pivots for the generator alternators. >> You're fabricating those on your lathe? >> Yeah. >> So, I got to fabricate those up and then I got to weld them onto my framework. And what do those pivots do? >> Uh that's where the the alternator can rock in and out. So if I got to change a belt, I can lock the alternator in and take the belt off and then it'll lock back out again. And then at the top, I'll have a um a spring that I can load up for tensioning up the alternator. Yeah, that's it. Hey everybody. While Janice has been working on the tender, I've been working on the generator. So, this is the new configuration for the DC generator set. I'm currently doing the fabrication and mockup on it. Uh, this is the first alternator. There will be a second one right here. And uh pretty excited about getting this up and running. This will be a lot better. We won't have little kickouts like the old generator does. It'll be better at maintaining voltages and it will put out more amperage. So, we're uh we're really excited to get this up and running. Hopefully, I'll have this done possibly even this weekend. So, we'll see. Yeah. So, I had uh I had to alter some pulleys cuz that's a taper fit on the end of the the flywheel there. And then I've just been building up. These are just mocked up right now. I'll reinforce them, but that's basically how I've got it set up. And then there will be a a spring-loaded mechanism up here at the top to keep pressure on that alternator as well. Uh, as well as the second one that'll be mounted next to it. >> Why are you doing two? >> Uh, one's not quite enough amperage. And if I run two, I can bring the speed down on the alternators and they'll last longer and generate less heat um because I don't have to run them as high amperage to get the amperage ultimately that I need. I am back at the shop here today doing a little bit more time into my generator bracket here. So, just doing some of the finish up welding. Yes, I know it looks like dog but um unfortunately just not getting good weld quality on this. Not that it's not good quality. It'll stick. It's just not pretty. Uh but anyway, yeah, I'm just going to finish up doing some reinforcement on all the little ears and whatnot. And then I've got to build some feet for the motor mounts. Um I probably got another couple hours here anyway to monkey around with this. So, we'll see how it goes. [music] >> [music] >> All right. So, that's alternator one. Um, what I've had to do is two separate belts because I have not yet been able to find a single 10 rib belt that is short enough to fit between these two pulleys. Um, you'll see that the alignment slightly off as well. Uh, the flywheel is actually going to be farther off this plate when it's mounted on the motor. Plus, I've put in adjustment bushings inside of here. So you can see these black delrin bushings slide back and forth inside of these tubes. So this whole alternator can be shimmed back and forth to align with my my main pulley. So that should work out pretty well. I've got to build some motor mounts to come off the bottom of this. And then I also have to build a plate up here that can actually tension up the alternators as well. Um I think I'm going to do something. I've got some extra um exhaust hangers that I have left from doing the exhaust on the boat. And I think I'm gonna maybe do something with that bolt and spring to get me some uh spring loading on these alternators. So, we'll see. I'm going to play around with it, see what I can figure out, and uh hopefully I'll be able to get it loaded. I have faith. >> It is the middle of December, but we had a warm day yesterday and our generator kicked out today >> already. I freaking hate this generator. It's only been running for about 20 minutes, >> which is why Blaine is going to the shop to work on generators today. >> Yeah, even though I've got a nasty head cold and I'm probably not going to get anything done. >> A, you have a man cold. >> I've got a man cold. >> But we got to sort out the generator issue. Um, cuz this just isn't working. >> Back to the alternator brackets here. Um, just tacking up some feet for mounting. That's going to be my project for today. And then I've got to make some brackets for adjusting the tension on the alternators and such, but uh slowly getting there. Now, there's kind of how it's going to be set up. And you'll notice if you look from the back back here that what I've done is I've tried to get this alternator as flat as possible in line with the main pulley. And the reason being is cuz I want to reduce the amount of of side loading on the crankshaft. So what'll happen is once I get the second alternator mounted on this side, those belts will come out to this side and that should balance the forces between the two sides of the um the the pull on the crankshaft. So should should keep the the loading on the crankshaft minimal. All right, so I'm back to working on the generator on the boat here. And I've got to figure out a place to mount all these regulators and things like that. Um, and I've got to do it in such a way that I don't disturb what's in here. Uh, cuz I have to basically leave everything that's in here operational right up until the last minute when I switch it over. Uh, cuz we are 100% using this generator. Um, and I can't have it down. So, I'm going to think I'm going to mount everything over on this side over here. Um, that'll give me room to where I can get it all ready to go, get all the wiring done, uh, ready for connections. And then, uh, once I get the new generator, um, alternators here, then it'll be a quick swap over and hopefully it'll only be within a day. Um, and then I'll be able to sneak by with our batteries until I can get the new setup running. So, I'm got a little piece of plastic here that uh because I don't want conductivity on the mounting plate. I like keeping everything isolated. So, I've got a little piece of plastic I'm going to put in over here. And then that'll be the mounting plate for the regulators and everything else. Um yeah, I think that'll work out pretty nicely. All right, I've got all of the generator mounting bracketry all ready to rock and roll here. Just got to shoot some paint on it and we're good to go. That'll go out to the boat probably tomorrow. And the uh adjustment arms here, so they're ready to go as well. But uh hopefully we'll have this project uh be pretty quick here. So what I'm doing now is I'm just making up a little um spacer/sleeve and spring seat. Um, so that'll sleeve through for the crossbolt. That way it's not running metal on metal. And then I'll have I'll machine a little spring seat into that as well. Um, that's delin, so it should hold up pretty well. But, uh, yeah, we'll see. And there we have it. One little bushing. So that sits inside my spring like so. And then my adjuster rod goes through that. Sorry about the bouncy camera. And there we go. And then that goes through the hole in my bracket. Keep it centered. All right, this weekend is the weekend. I've begun the conversion of the generator. So, as you can see here, I've got my two wake speed regulators mounted. I've got my shunts mounted down here. I'll have some fuses mounted over there shortly. And then got to run some cables. I've got my uh big um 313 MCM cable running from upstairs. So, this stuff, even in engine room applications, should have around a 400 amp capacity. Um, and that should do quite nicely for what I'm doing. But anyway, I'm going to carry on with this and uh hopefully we'll have this running maybe even today, but likely going to be tomorrow. Okay, so I'm currently working on the gen set trying to get it cut over to the new generator configuration. And uh unfortunately, or maybe that's fortunately, I've uh been kind of forced to take care of the bus bars on the um the battery bank. Uh when I put it into the new location, I just put in some temporary for cables just to connect up my battery bus bars up to the main bus bar. Um that's going to have to get resolved now. Um I don't want to connect everything up the way it is. for would be right on the very edge of what would be capable here. So I want to make sure my bus bars have full amperage capabilities which in this particular case the next bottleneck is going to be that battery switch. Those are only capable of 600 amps continuous. So that will be my next uh my next limit. So I'll have to figure that out later. kind of hard to find um reasonably capacity a reasonable capacity switches um that are not massive. So anyway, that'll come from a later time. But right now, what I'm going to do is all of this stuff is going to get mounted to a board here. And my bus bar is actually going to be continued on with a piece of 90° aluminum here. This fuse is not going to be on this holder. It's going to be bolted to that piece of aluminum. And then there's going to be um a battery switch here that's going to be accessible through this locker. And then I'll have this all walled off with a piece of plywood. Uh I've got a second one of these switches that will be mounted on the other end of the positive bus bar to another fuse that will go down to my generator head. That way I'll have a generator maintenance shut off here as well. Um, and I'll have no no real limitations on my my generator output because it's only capable of about 400 amps anyway. So, that's the plan. Unfortunately, I've got to go to the shop and do some machining for my bus bar stuff. Um, and then I'll come back and hopefully get this generator cut over this afternoon. Now, I'm still working on reconfiguring my bus bar setup. Uh, getting rid of the temporary one for a permanent one. kind of got forced into this by redoing the generator um because I'll be doing higher amperage with the new setup and my temporary setup's not meant for that. So, what I've got is you can see I'm rebuilding the bus bar assembly on the back here. Um it was just simple four odd cable to fuse to break or to switch to contactor to the main bus bar. Uh now that's all getting built in. So, I'm getting rid of all these little four out links cuz technically they're they're only rated to about 320 amps. Uh, which is borderline for this system. So, we're we're getting rid of them. Um, so I'm working on removing this bus bar and then building up another one here. So, this is my main feed. This is my main battery shut off here. This is the where the contactor will sit. Then this is my uh switch for my generator. So, I'll have a service switch so I can shut down the the power to the generator setup. Uh, and then I'll have a fuse here for the the generator cable coming in and then some other fuses for some other things. Uh, but that's what I've been working on. Uh, it is Christmas Eve and uh feverishly trying to get this working because Boxing Day we are leaving to go to the Broton Archipelago. So, I'm in a bit of a rush, which is never a good thing. This is one of multiple fail safes on this system to prevent any overcharging on the batteries. So, that's kind of the main shut off for the alternators. It should never even need that. The alternator charge profile should keep it from even getting to that point. Um, so basically the way that it would start is my charge profile would keep the batteries from charging uh beyond a certain bank voltage. If I get out of balance on my cells and one cell voltage gets a bit higher and exceeds the the settings for this relay, this relay will shut down which will turn off the regulators. So, another thing that I have to do is I have to move all of these electronics in here or just relays that uh control glow plugs, starter solenoid, all that stuff. Uh cuz I've got them mounted inside of the generator head. So, they've got to get removed from there and mounted externally. Not sure where I'm going to put them yet, but I think temporarily for now, I'll just screw them to the framework here. Um, and then I'll tackle the rest when I have more time because right now we're kind of in a pinch. But that's always the case. Okay. See here. Now, the issue with permanent magnet generators is that they're magnetic. So, even when you get all the bolts out, you still got to get that generator head off of there. And those magnets are super powerful. Um, so it requires a fair bit of coercion to get off. So we're uh we're going to use some coercion tools like uh these coercion tools and these coercion tools and we're going to make this happen. All righty. [snorts] Okay, getting there. Not too much farther. >> [snorts] >> As you can see, it wants to go back on again. Oh, now we're getting lots on there. Okay. Should be harder for it to suck back on again. Now, not saying impossible, but it's more difficult. [sighs] Oh, you silly. Oh, we get to take apart this mess, too. This is a magic box. As far as I'm concerned, I'd imagine it's got some sort of transistors in it to control the voltage and current because this is a permanent magnet generator head. So there's no um field per se and there's no um control that way. So as far as I know, this is does its own special crazy stuff. And uh I'm going to leave it at that. I just know that it's enormously painful to deal with and [clears throat] I can't be can't wait to get rid of it. [gasps] It has been quite frustrating. Once I get all these wires off, I got to flip this mess over. And there's a whole bunch more on the other side. As promised, all the wires on the other side to take loose. Glad I didn't disappoint. So, I think these work with uh rather than dodes, I think they use transistors to turn on and off the current. Um something to do with the permanent magnet setup. I am just purely conjecture here. Um, but I seem to remember reading something about that for permanent magnet generator control. Uh, because you can't alter the current by um adjusting the field. It's got a a set output. So to to do the voltage um adjustments, it's got to turn it on and off with uh rectif or um transistors instead of diodes. Okay, now that the control modules are out of the way, I should be able to get this works out of here. >> [sighs] >> Time to get the stator out of the way. Old permanent magnet [sighs] stator and such out of the way. Now I've got to get the um rotor out of here. There's definitely some weirdness going on with a couple of these magnets. Looks like they been chipped, but uh I'm not going to worry about it. And fast forward to the future. I've got all the old generator stuff off. I've got my new backing plate on that I made up. Uh that's a a CAD drawing to a water jet. So it's all pretty accurate. Now I've got my bracket that I've got to put on. Okay. So got the new bracketry connected here. Um unfortunately I obviously miscalculated the motor mount feet. Um totally screwed that measurement up. So I'll have to figure something else out for that. Um, but anyway, I've got to get the alternators mounted up here. Um, and then I got to get the rest of this wiring done. But, uh, so far so good, I think. >> Yep. So, the bolts are actually going to be coming through the other side. So, that plate's going to flip all the way 180°. >> Okay. >> Okay. Go ahead and try to >> like this. >> Yep. Okay. Hang on. I got to get my hand out of the way. I can't slide it far enough forward with my hand there. >> Go forward. Oops. >> Hang on. I got to rotate it. >> Hang on. I just got too much on the way. Stand by a sec. There we go. But >> teamwork makes dream work, baby. >> Yes, it does. >> That's it. Your job here is done. Well, you're going to have another one to do that, right? >> Nope. Uh, the other one I can do by myself. It's just this one I couldn't. So, they're just in the way. >> Yeah. Unfortunately, they don't make 10 rib belts this short. >> At least not that I was able to find. So, I've got two five rib belts instead. [gasps] >> 10. >> Yep. It's going to have to do. [sighs] There we go. Oops. Thank you. Okay, there we go. All right, there's one. Now I need to play around with and get the shims in the right place. >> Okay, [snorts] >> get my belt alignment right. Thank you. You're welcome. >> Okay, alternator's on. I got my adjuster in place, but I haven't got it tightened up yet. uh do that here quickly now. And um then I got to start getting all these things changed up and sorted that are going to be in the way now that I've changed things around. I've got the wiring connected for the alternators uh on the regulator side as well. Yes, I will have to do some tidy up on that. Uh unfortunately, I'm going to have to redo a lot of the mechanical stuff on the generator cuz it all gets in the way with the new alternators. So, I've just got stuff kind of zapped up here for the time being, but I'm going to do a test just to see how things run. What I'll do is I'll fire up the generator first, the the actual diesel, uh, get it running, and then I'll power up the wake speeds after that. But, hopefully things work out okay here. Now, at this point, I was pretty happy with this configuration. Uh things were working well, making lots of amperage, uh charging the batteries fast, minimal generator run time, and then disaster happened. Um, one of the pivot bolts on the inboard alternator sheared, and I'm talking a half inch thick bolt that's pivoting in two separate points. So, it's not double shear, per se, but it did have two shear points on it, just on two different mounts. Um, so yeah, a lot of force there. And I think just with 95 lbs of alternator vibrating around on there, eventually it just snapped. Uh, so what I did, uh, rather than reinventing everything is first of all, I had to get a new fan because what happened when that bolt sheared, the fan dropped down and uh, hit the actual ear that the pivot bolt went through. And let me tell you, that was a pretty horrendous noise. It was like a screech, vibration, terrible, like I could hear it from the back of the boat and I came running to shut the generator down. Um, so the fan was destroyed. Uh, it had spun around and had taken off every single one of the fan blades on there. Um, useless, completely useless alternator at that point. So, what I did was, um, I decided that first of all, I needed to get a new fan. So, called up my buddies at Brian Roberts Auto Electric. great guys uh in Victoria. They rebuilt alternators. Uh really good work. They're dealers for Dixie Electric who made the alternator. It's a Dellstar 300 alternator. Um and they gave me a call back and they said, "Hey, um we tried to call Dixie Electric and they told us that that part was for internal use only and not available for sale to the public." And I thought to myself, "What the shit?" like how can you have an alternator that you cannot sell parts for to people in the aftermarket? And I wasn't even, you know, it wasn't me calling in and asking for this. It was a a distributor and uh account holder for Dixie Electric. So, I found that to be a little bit crappy. Uh, fortunately, when I had first started looking into these alternators, I did contact a gentleman in Vancouver uh, who was one of the local distributors for Dixie Electric. And, um, so I did have his contact number. So, I messaged him and I said, "Hey, I'm working on a bit of a prototype here. I had a failure on it. I lost a fan. They're telling me that this fan's not available. What can we do?" And he says, "No problem. I'll figure something out." So he talked to his supervisor, whatnot, got back in touch with Brian Roberts and they said, "Hey, you know what? Look, we will just send you out a fan. No charge. We'll call it a sample to sort you out." And of course, I'm, you know, I was not expecting that. I expected to pay for a fan. And I was through the moon that they were just sending a fan out for free. And uh quite honestly at that point my opinion of the service and you know assistance of uh Dixie Electric and Dellstar super happy with them. Um I mean because not many people would do that. So got this fan in. They sent it out perfect. Um got it all assembled. And what I figured I'd do is I believe that initial bolt that I had in there was a grade five bolt. So, next thing I had to try because I didn't want to have to redo everything was shifting up to a grade eight bolt. And um got it all back together again. Things were going gang busters and even in less time than the first time had another failure of a pivot bolt. Same exact thing again with a great eightbolt this time. Um, I was less than happy and uh it was obvious that gonna have to do a little bit of changes on this to make it work the way I want it to. Another fan. destruction again. >> Oh yeah, >> even I'd say I'd almost consider it worse than mine. Why? >> Uh because the whole brake mount came So >> I'm stuck. >> You can see my pivot plate here. And then that is a half inch grade eight bolt times two sheared. So that's what held the pivot plate on to the alternator and that snapped right in half. So obviously the engineering is not sound. We're going to have to reinvent this and uh do it differently cuz this is obviously not working. >> [clears throat] >> I did realize in hindsight that if I had had the fan guards on these that might not have happened. So what I decided after that second failure was obviously this was not a viable option. I was going to have to do things differently. And what I had also noticed when I was replacing the pivot bolts was that the the two cradle bolts that were both half-inch bolts into the side of the alternator, um, when I went to take them out to replace the cradle bolt, um, or sorry, the pivot bolt, I realized that they were starting to break, too. One actually broke as I was trying to unscrew it with very little tension on the wrench. So, it was obviously cracked through as well, ready to go. So, at that point, I knew we were going to have to do things differently. this was not going to work. So, what I decided on was I made a complete cradle. That was my my first starters. I mounted that alternator in a cradle with all four of the mounting bolts being contributing to holding the alternator in place. So, now I've quad quadrupled the ability of this mount to hold the weight. Then what I did is fortunately when I built my main mount um I built it for some little delrin sleeves like vibration damper slider sleeves in there uh to clamp down on the alternator and that left me room to put a bigger bolt in. So what I did was I went with a thinner steel sleeve and I took out the 1/2-in bolts and I put in 3/4 in grade eight bolts. These are monstrous pivot bolts. All right, so time has come for me to revisit the mounting on the alternators for the generator. And uh this is what I'm working on here today. So I'm actually converting these back to um the actual uh saddle style or cradle style. So I've got my two mounting plates. I'll weld that guy in the middle. Uh and then I'll build up uh plates here and here and then do mounting strips on either side. So, basically, this cradle will bolt down to the plate on the generator and uh rather than having any sort of tensioner off of the alternator, all the tensioning will be done by stretch belts. So, that should work out better because I think what's happening right now is with the vibrations, there's just too much load on two bolts to hold the the full weight of the alternator. Uh cuz these aren't the ones I have on the generator, but they're close and they weigh about 90 lb. So, having a three-cylinder generator vibrating around with 90 pounds of weight just on two half inch bolts, I think is too much. So, with a with the cradle assembly, uh, I'll be using all four bolts and the weight of the alternator will actually be sitting in the cradle. So, the bolts won't necessarily be holding the weight of the alternator. The cradle will do that. So, hopefully that'll fix the problem and I won't have any more broken bolts and fragged fans. So, we'll see how that goes. All right. And I am working on generator stuff today, trying to get this mess sorted out. So, I'll show you guys what I had. So, basically where this where this bolt's going in, um I had this plate here and that plate bolted with those two bolt holes to the side of the alternator. So, that was my pivot. And then I had another plate bolted up on the top row of bolt holes that are rotated around now, so you can't see them. And then I had a pivot arm bolted up there. So basically all of the the weight loading was on the bottom two bolts on this plate. So what I've done is I've now got a full cradle on that pivot. Now I've got to this one I've got to finish up. Actually I've got to finish the other one up too. This one I've just got tacked in place on that on that cradle. So that will sit uh actually another thing I'll point out too. This was the original bolt and that is the new bolt. So this is a half inch one. The new one is a 3/4 inch pivot bolt. Uh so much much heavier duty. Uh all grade eight, so about as strong as I can really get on that. Uh without specialty bolts. Um so yeah, now I've got a cradle. All four bolts on the alternator are uh attached to that cradle. So, there's no more full load on just two of the four bolts. So, I'm hoping that will make a good difference there and eliminate my bolt braking problem. But, we shall find out. So, basically, I'm going to use roughly the same idea here as I had before. Uh, I've got an adjuster. Mind you, I am going to upgrade the size of this guy. Uh, he's going to go on the top of that one, and that's going to span across to the other alternator. So, they'll tension against each other. That means my crankshaft loading is going to be the same because they're roughly about directly opposite of each other on the generator itself. Um, so basically, they all tension against each other. So it they're the load on the actual bearings uh will be neutral because there's not going to be any direct belt loading on it cuz they're tensioning against the other alternator. Um might be an ever so slight amount, but you'll get a better idea once I get them in place and show you what I've got going on there. Okay, shifting to the other alternator bracket. Slightly different design, but same basic idea. Uh, so yeah, just going to last weld that I've got to do is just on that arm. Uh, and then I can mount up the other alternator and I can start figuring out how I'm going to do the tensioning. Might just temporarily put something on there just to get some tension happening for now cuz it's going to probably be rainy over the next day or so. It'd be nice to have the generator operational. So, I'm just going to play around a little bit and see how it goes. >> Heat. Heat. So, finally I've got these alternators mounted in such a way that I don't have to worry about those portions breaking anymore. Uh the 3/4in bolts have proven to be sufficient. Um shifting to a cradle mount and altering the angle of the plates so the cradles are more just holding the alternators from falling rather than having a heavy shear load on the bolts has really helped as well. So I'm I'm not really worried about that happening again. Um, I did have some belt failures initially that I'm always worried about having having that I think might be something that um prevents me from having total comfort in the system. So, yes, it it works and it puts out every bit of amperage that I want it to. Uh, the alternators work super reliably. So, you know, I tell them what to put out, they put it out. And being I'm not asking for max amperage out of them, they do so pretty easily. They don't generate a monstrous amount of heat. I think the hottest I've seen was about 55 to 60 um degrees of temperature on these. Uh so they seem to be working out all right. Um however, I'm just not overly happy with the system. Um the belts are always a concern. Um I just I hate the belts. That did not work out as well as that I I had hoped. uh they seem to be behaving themselves, but it's always an issue that's in the back of my mind. Um alternator efficiencies, which I knew was an issue to begin with, uh that's still an issue. So, we're burning more fuel uh to put out the amperage that we're we're looking at. I did spin the alternators a little bit slower because the slower you turn the alternator and the less amount of amps you demand out of it, the better the efficiency is on them. Uh when they start getting up to really high RPMs, the efficiency drops a lot. And being I'm not having a lot of heating issues with these, I can spin them slower and they still maintain temperature. Uh so that's that's a benefit. But even still, I mean, we're talking I'd probably be lucky if I was getting 70 to 75% efficiency out of them. And compared to some of the modern permanent magnet generators that they have nowadays that are running 85 to 90, sometimes more, um not anything to write home about for the 75% that I might be getting. Um, so does work for now. However, I'm always looking for something else to do. And you know what? I don't admitting failure. Um, and I think this was one of those ones that was about as close to a failure as I could possibly think. Um, it it's not something that I want to have long term. Uh, so going to look into something else and uh, you guys are just going to have to stay tuned. See what happens with that. If you enjoyed this story of failure, check out this one where we actually have success by rebuilding two Comets truck engines to put in Tonera. And don't forget to check out our website and join our online crew for an extra video week and lots of other perks.

  Top Comments:
  1. @jamesarnold6059 [1 likes]: I respect you even more for sharing your failures & allowing us to learn with & from you. I'm impressed by your design & fabrication skills nonetheless. I admire tangaroa & your journey. Thanks again for sharing!
  2. @Lordlindef [1 likes]: THIS ONLY FOR MEMBERS VIDEOS, NOT GET SEEN OF ANYONE.
SO JUST OPEN IT UP.

SEE THE NUMBERS MAN AND GET TO REALITY SO YOU GETS 70% MORE VIEWERS
  3. @Lordlindef [1 likes]: Love this channel. 

Should have bean whit you lovley peoples ❤❤❤
  4. @davidvanamburg6663 [1 likes]: Whyv  is 12 volt and not 24
  5. @amblelusters7309 [1 likes]: Why not use belt tensioners? They are more forgiving on a belt than a hard adjustment. Looks like you dont have a lot of room, but it might make belt life improve. Wish I had a dollar for every "engineering" failure in my life but that does add excitement. 
Love your channel.
  6. @ExtraordinaryHorizons [1 likes]: Even when things go sideways, you guys always find a smart way through😉
  7. @Zarathustra-H-: Sooo, did they send you a second fan after the second bolt sheared?  😅
  8. @MickeyMishra: I'm kind of surprised the car audio guys haven't started to take advantage of these really large format bus alternators
  9. @johnsfarm7760: An off the shelf generator coupled with a few EG4 Chargeverters would save you a ton of headaches.  That would require 48V which would also be MUCH better for your battery bank size.   I have a 48v 75Kwh bank and when not charging with solar I use 3 chargeverters running off a 12kw generator.
  10. @murphyslaw907: I’d slow down that kohler, no reason to be doing 1800rpm anymore. That will help you a bit on the fuel consumption and make it a tad quieter too.
  11. @jamest.5001: I think id make a long bolt , from a bar of 4140 or 4340, cut the threads  then  heat treat it . With the bolt running  through  both  holes . The  tensioner is the problem. They are designed to have a solid mount for the adjustment.  This would make all the difference. A 4340 bolt  with steel tube between them would be a good upgrade, even without heat treat. Possibly better than grade 8. Maybe  close to a grade 10 (may require heat treat to be better than grade 10) getting ARP to make a bolt from 8740 or whatever the rod bolts and main studs are made from would be the ultimate bolt as far as I know.. with a rolled thread, probably something like 240,000 psi tensile strength.   The cost would probably  be $50 for a couple bolts .  I doubt they would break.. I would totally  get a 24"-36" bar of 5/8" 4340 or 4140 steel, Chuck it in that lathe , turn it down to 1/2" and thread it. And mill a head on the opposite end, maybe  just a 9/16" thread, 5/8" long. with a 1/4 shoulder run a 9/16 thread nut on it  , what 7/8"  15/16" nut size? Weld the nut to the  e thread.  And grind it smooth, making a long bolt roughly 12" long. Make a spacer to fit between  mounts , so a single bolt will clamp evenly, then heat treat the bolt . Because the heat affected the area of the weld. It's plenty strong as is, with the vibration and weight the heat treat , normalize, and temper to reduce any hard spots around the weld area. Allowing more plastic deformation before things get serious  and bad starts being possible..  I would  also get a chunk 1" her to make a couple of oversized nuts for the bolts . 🔩  maybe  make the ones that get welded on? To allow a 1" wrench to fit both ends. And possibly  have a under cut flange , so there is nothing to dig into the surface  when tightening the nut down.  It's just a smooth round area on both sides about 1/16" - 1/32" to keep a smooth area for a washer or lock washer yo perform its best 👌.   With the nut  being 1/4" over size, make it about 5/8" - 3/4" tall, also maybe .850" or .875" or .900" -.925" tall with the undercut flanges.  Possibly  heat treat the nuts along with the bolts , the  threads could possibly  be toughened up a bit  to mm watch  the cold rolled  tube spacer   and make extra thick washers while making nuts.   About 3/16" thick and made round from the 1" her,  grind flat on both  sides with a surface grinder.  Leaving 3/16"-4/16"  (aka1/4")😂   the bolt being the most fancy part. , may as well  cold blue them, or black oxide. Best yet, NICKEL PLATE THEM! PREVENT RUST,  you can do it at home , just toss in. A couple "NICKELS" 😂 COPPER PLATE THEM FIRST, GET A FAIRLY THICK COPPER PLATE. .00006" and build up about the same nickel , keep the nickel under .00015" and over .000075" so cut the threads .000081" and .00016"   extra  clearance, tap the nuts first  then single point the bolts.  And make the bolts fit the nuts lose then plate to fit. Mays well engrave the date and any other info, a laser engraved would be cool, add names dates , maybe pictures on the head of the bolt. Even plate the washers. If you are going to do cool, be good a doing cool 😎 , a .0001" - .0005"  thick nickel plate on washers is good. Especially  if boiled in bees wax.  Heated to about 220°f after a acid etch.  About 20 minutes at 220°   or use teak or tunge oil heat the polished  , acid etched  plated bolts and such cleaned with 91-99% alcohol ,  then heat to 250°f drop into tung oil teakoil or bees wax, the wax /oil already hot, 220°-250°f 10-30minutes , to drive off any moisture  then remove and cool.  After cool allow to dry and hand polish  with  cotton  cloth.  It should shed water  preventing rust. If nothing else is available.  Heat engine oil to 300° soak alcohol cleane parts for 10-30 min.  Remove to cool , polish clean with a rag. water should bead up. 🎉Enough rambling,  have an Awesome 👌  day🎉
  12. @dubstepdoshe: nice supra
  13. @JustinRman: Looks like you know how to pull your wire.🤣
  14. @BWhitten: If I may offer a suggestion:
Those numbers on the data plate are not set in stone. You could use the phrase "wishful thinking". The numbers used to determine that are  subject to maximum conditions. The fan rating is typically insufficient at anything other than maximum RPM. The people who make them will sell more parts when it isn't cool enough. You could find a way to increase the pitch on the fan blades and /or vent the input to outside air - carefully. Engine room temp is not your friend.
  15. @wallacegrommet9343: The mistake was using a non-express bus alternator.
  16. @minibikemadman: coulda did some mechmans and saved a little weight .
  17. @jons6125: Im sure your aware …but i find in experience the fully threaded bolts far far weaker in situations where they are aloud to vibrate
  18. @dubrowin: If I understood correctly, you destroyed an alternator fan twice. You talked about the problem to replace the first one. Did you also have problems replacing the second one?
  19. @dadejazzba402: 2 or 3 v belts
  20. @Pippy626: A idea would be hard mount alternator and use dual bolt and nuts push them apart kilnda like a AC blower wheel does the tensioning

- SAILBOAT TECH: How to transform your ENGINE into a GENERATOR! // Ryan's Tech Corner #10: Kind: captions Language: en hi guys so during our trip across the mighty atlantic and throughout the first few months here in the caribbean i came to the conclusion that the charging systems on polar co were drastically undersized we already had a ton of solar no room for a generator wind is too noisy and a hydro generator just costs too much this leaves us with our last solution the alternator in this video i'm going to talk about what an alternator is how they work challenges with alternators on boats and how we will transform our basic engine and alternator to a monster power generator just want to mention that this video is not sponsored and we purchased all of the products we discussed in the video ourselves so what's an alternator an alternator is a device that attaches to your engine you will find these on boat engines car engines and even small airplane engines their first job is to recharge the starter battery so that you can start the motor again the next time their second job is to supply power to devices running like lights and they then charge the battery to support house loads like hair dryers and chart plotters most alternators found on boats coming off the production floor are the same ones found on car engines the alternator that we have on polar seal is a common 80 amp hitachi alternator how does an alternator work typically an alternator is operated by the engine and is connected through a series of belts on polar seal's yanmar engine the alternator is activated when the engine is turned on and the belt starts spinning the belt is attached to a pulley which is on the outside of the casing this pulley then attaches to a rod which is inside of the alternator which is called a rotor inside the alternator the rotor turns with some magnets on it and it spins as the engine runs the rotor spins inside the housing called a stator the stator is essentially a big ball of wires wrapped around an iron ring having the rotor spin inside the stator is what produces electricity through the principles of electromagnetism however the electricity that it's producing is ac or alternating current like is found inside the wiring of your house the problem with this is most electrical systems on boats cars planes operate in dc if you're not sure what ac and dc means you can check out this video on the basics of electrics which we produced so to change ac to dc the alternator has a piece of equipment called a rectifier this is a series of diodes that converts ac to dc and once the current has been converted to dc it passes through a very basic charge regulator and then to the batteries the regulator controls the basic output voltage of the alternator simple right it's true car and truck alternators are actually very simple they were designed to be used with lead acid batteries provide a charge to the battery the one that was being used in starting the engine and then provide small power output to meet the needs of the vehicle well the problem on boats is that we were asking the alternators to do a lot more than what they were designed to do today's boats are asking for more and more power from our electrical systems a boat might have 300 amp hours of power it needs to have replaced in its batteries plus the loads which are currently on the dc system with an alternator operating at full speed at efficiency which you will never ever come close to it would take nearly five hours with polar seals alternator to charge the a good example is when we crossed the atlantic ourselves our two ways of charging were through the solar and through alternator if it had been a really cloudy day or cloudy for multiple days we need to run the alternator and the engine for multiple hours some days up to eight hours just to get our batteries up to eighty percent that's a lot of engine running time just for your batteries so why the lack of efficiency anytime we create energy we produce heat and alternator is no different the alternator produces about 50 percent of its heat in the stator the coils that are wrapped around the rotor and about fifty percent of its heat in the rectifier most alternators are attached directly to the engine block which because it's producing energy is also producing heat typically in a very confined space as the alternator and the engine compartment heat up the efficiency of the alternator is going to decrease so how hot does it have to get well some cheap alternators can produce so much heat that you can literally fry an egg on top as the temperature increases the energy output starts to decrease so the longer your engine runs the hotter it gets the less alternator output you're going to have on a boat we're asking the alternator to provide a lot of power for a long period of time which also increases the heat another issue impacting efficiency is the rotation that happens inside the alternator so the alternator spins faster it's going to produce more power most alternators are designed for a maximum output a specific rpm which is well above the rpm that our diesel engines can run at to get around this we use a larger and smaller pulleys you see here the flywheel on polar seal is very large compared to the alternator wheel so every one rotation that the engine makes the alternator might make two or three rotation while this helps getting the alternator closer to its maximum rpm it is still nowhere near the maximum output on top of all of this we then have inefficiencies with the belt which is turning the alternator if the belt is too loose it will slip and not provide good energy transfer from the engine if it's too tight it would create too much friction and thus more heat this is why it's so important to check your belt tension during your engine checks your engine manual will describe the maximum tolerance for your belt but to check you simply push down on the belt and see how much it moves so how does all this inefficiency translate to power output well on polar seal we have an 80 amp hitachi and there are times when i only see 20 or 30 amps output you can plan your alternator output generally to be between 50 and 60 efficiency range but it will decrease as the alternator ages to expand our alternator problems we now add lithium with normal lead acid batteries because the resistance is so much higher the batteries can only accept a certain charge load as the batteries become topped up the resistance increase and the alternator dials back the output it will continually do this throughout the charge cycle lithium does not work this way the resistance is low throughout the entire charge cycle lithium can handle a massive amount of current with charging these basic alternators don't understand this so if you connect an alternator to a lithium battery it will just keep pumping out power and power and heating itself until boom smoke done bye bye there's a really good video from victron energy which shows what can happen when you connect a lithium battery to a standard alternator i wanted to show you myself but sophie said no so remember to send your complaints to instagram ryan and sophie's so great ryan you're being grumpy again and just telling us all the problems we have with alternators what is the solution well my youtube friends there are some very cool solutions on the market and i'm about to tell you about them so what have we decided to do on polar seal i looked at most options available i wanted as high output as i could safely manage as lithium has its safety limitations i wanted good efficiency and i also wanted a charge controller that could handle lithium batteries a few that i looked on the market were bomber alternators and regulators american power alternators and regulators mark gracer alternators and wake speed alternators and regulators in the end we decided to go with a 180 amp alternator from mark racer what's unique with mark's design is that he has removed the rectifier away from the alternator so if you remember from the start of the video i said that the rectifier is what turns ac power to dc power it's also what generates nearly 50 percent of the heat so moving this part away from the alternator into its own cooling box will allow for better efficiency of the system super cool we also decided to include a wake speed 500 regulator with our system the wake speed regulator is one of the most unique and advanced on the market as of 2020. it can sense both current and voltage of the entire charge system and allows me to set the limits for it so for example the maximum charge current i want going into our entire lithium system is 150 amps if i am running the alternator on a day where our solar system is providing a lot of current my alternator might be pushing out let's say 140 amps while my solar is producing 50 amps the total of this is well above the 150 amp limit the wake speed will recognize this and dial back the power of the alternator to meet this limit it also has a lithium charge setting which is programmable and is important with any lithium setup there are a lot of other alternator chargers out there with lithium settings balmer being one of the most popular however many of these will only sense voltage and not current so that's one of the drawbacks another cool feature of the wakespeed 500 is that if you're on a catamaran you can connect the two charge controllers without the need for a center fielder a topic for another time maybe when we get a cat lastly we decided to upgrade our pulley and belt system to a serpentine system this will allow for less slippage and more efficient energy transfer and hopefully last less black dust all over the engine compartment changing the belt was not really a choice but a necessity as the current belt system was just not powerful enough to meet the needs of our new alternator we ordered the entire system through ocean planet energy who we are not affiliated with nor do we do any product exchange with but they did offer us great support check out mark's kit and ocean energy's website using the link below first sizing when looking for a new alternative the general rule of thumb is to purchase one with an output which is between 20 and 30 percent of your battery bank size a special note here for lithium battery owners you also need to ensure the batteries can accept the entire load of your alternator on polar seal our maximum charge current is 200 amps for our lithium batteries which i don't like to do so i keep things below 150 amps our 180 amp alternator factoring in all of its inefficiencies would be perfect for this job next is the physical size of the alternator most alternators are packed in small engine compartments and include very small alternators we call these small case alternators you can find small case alternators which will produce energy upwards of 200 amps and that should be good enough for most of us the problem with small case is that they're harder for them to dissipate heat and have a bit lower efficiency if you would like to have more output and a bit higher overall efficiency you will need to start looking at large case attachment points are another thing you need to consider there are a few different types of attachment points based on the make and model of your engine on the mr we use a saddle mount which looks like this so before you order an alternator check with your dealer or distributor to ensure that you get the correct type of mounting another important thing to remember is that when you put additional loads on your engine you will take away some horsepower that would normally be there to power the propeller a rule of thumb not requiring a lot of math is to use one horsepower for every 25 amps of alternator output on polar steel we have calculated this to be about six horsepower for our new alternator that translates to a lot of horsepower when we already feel a bit underpowered while motoring so this is something to consider the last consideration is the belt and pulley system on your engine most marine belts and pulleys are barely big enough for standard alternators that come with the engine so the odds are you will need to make modifications to this by either adding a second belt or a serpentine belt if you have a common engine like yanmar volvo or beta there are lots of kits available on the market to help with this pro number one lots of extra power for the induction stove number two higher efficiency from operation so you need to run your engine a lot less to produce more power number three if changing your charge controller you can handle more advanced batteries and charging setups like lithium now for the cons the first one complexity the systems are a bit more complex to stall than your basic alternator con number two cost we spent nearly 3 500 on our setup which what i will admit is a little eye watering what but during our atlantic crossing we put 90 hours on the motor over half of this was for charging only there was one day we were on the crossing where we ran the engine for nine hours nine hours just to charge all i could think about other than noise was how much fuel we were wasting and how much wear and tear we were putting on the motor this all adds up so when trying to decide if the cost of a high output alternator it was worth it i looked inside nigel calder's book the boat owner's mechanical and electrical guide the bible for boat owners so that's it guys that's how you turn your engine into a super duper generator using a high output alternator we know that the pace of these videos has been a little slow lately and that's because we're back and we're working on a bunch of different projects but we do have another video where we talk about how we installed this alternator and we also have some other tech videos coming so please bear with us they are coming we're gonna have them they're gonna be great but that's it for now thanks for watching bye-bye i can't believe we spent 3 500 bucks on this

  Top Comments:
  1. @galvestonwebworksdavidadam4806: Super
  2. @JennySusanti-u1q: Great video. How would your video change if you were running a hybrid sytem where the propellers or water jets are electric. Regards Philip
  3. @Big_Perm: I'd like to see an adapter kit to add another alternator. Mounting brackets, longer belt and some connections should be all that is needed. One could probably DIY one for really cheap.
  4. @mikefranks4528: That is 1960 tech, my friend. Let's get with the times for 2025. Check out Safiery with their Bidirectional Motor Generators (BMGs) and Scotty AI. Their alternator (actually BMG) is not controlled by diodes but an inverter!  Check them out when you get a chance. It will blow your mind.
  5. @bobrose7900: Just to add after watching this again, heat management of the alternator is paramount, so low engine speed low output which sounds obvious but alternators can go to full output at quite low rpm and their inbuilt fans will not cope and thermal runaway will occur, most external controllers can be programmed to output at different rates for different rpms.  A second alternator setup is much preferred, engine battery(lead acid) for standard alternator and second for lithium house bank.  I have a sense switch that will take the house alternator out of circuit for starting and manoeuvring.  The other item to consider is to get your house bank on a 24v system, reduced current and cable sizes but may require a dc-dc inverter for some equipment
  6. @Nicholas2011ist: Throw a shaft generator on... Using a permanent magnet dc motor as a generator through an mppt regulator on a boat your size could easily offset 99% of your electrical loads under sail
  7. @MrGentlebutfirm: Honda EU22i
  8. @peterkadelbach7010: Great informative video. Thanks so much. I have a much clearer plan for my upgrade now. 🙏
  9. @VortexMotiveVision: Very helpful, thanks.
  10. @willsavard3696: Do y’all have a DC air conditioner?
  11. @123klaas: $3500 for a different alternator and a replaced rectifier and different belt?!!! 😵‍💫🧐🤨
  12. @BoazShoob: Love your videos! From what I know, if a lithium ion battery starts burning, there's no way to control that and it will eventually burn the boat to the ground (well... to the water). So a serious one... what would you guys do in the unlikely event of your lithium ion battery combusts?
  13. @willarddevoe5893: Semi trucks have huge brushless alternators.  I dont understand why one system is better than the other system.
  14. @claussvensson8670: I have been informera that runnning your main envise for charging the batteries with the alternator is harmfull to the main engine in the long run. You have any comments on this.
  15. @svDansleau: Hey Ryan
Could you do a 1 or 2 year review on your solar and more importantly the Alternator set up that you have. Looking to upgrade our Yanmar and want to know if your happy and what you might do differently today.
Derek sv Sandii
  16. @Lew114: How did the alternator expense compare to the bar bill?
  17. @moriver3857: What? WHAT! Lol
  18. @mboyer68: How about a propane generator? A new 1000 watt propane generator will run 60 hours on a 20lb tank. They're light and portable and very quiet, and some are made to be able to connect together. You can run a typical sailboat AC unit with two 1000 watt units together. 1000 watt propane generators sell for ~$530 on Amazon. I'm thinking of going this route and trying to figure out if it's a mistake? I decided to look into this because my friend has had a small 4 stroke gas Yamaha generator for probably 20 years. It always starts, runs perfect, it's very quiet, small and light. It's the size of a small cooler. Plus, no part of the exterior gets hot, the exhaust is hidden, and I've seen it get knocked over, it immediately shuts off. It also has low oil and other emergency shutoff systems, and it's old! 
So...if you were running two 1000 watt units on your crossing, you would've gone through probably four 20lb tanks (assuming the manufacturers rating of 20lbs/60 hours is with no load) in 93 hours i think you said. Include tank changes, where to put them, where to put the generators, ya, long passages would be tough with this setup. Plus, given the global inconsistency with propane tank fittings you might have to carry either different tanks or adapters, which I'm not sure are legal or safe. Ya, I'm talking myself right out of this...unless I'm not going far!
  19. @apollo8352: Please do not run your main diesel engine just to charge your batteries.

Hi I have years of experience as an electrician and working with diesel engines and big industrial diesel generators, as well as onboard my own boat.  I enjoy your videos very much.  But was horrified you ran your main engine crossing the Atlantic for nothing more than battery charging.

Unfortunately diesel engines have a problem, if you run them to long only lightly loaded they glaze up their bores and piston rings and injectors.... this shows up with reduced performance, excess smoking, and eventually higher and higher oil consumption.  It should be all diesel engine owners goal to make their diesel work fairly hard when running to prevent the glazing...

If the glazing in the engine is only slight you may find a good hard run makes the engine run better than ever, but this will only happen in a boat if the propelor is big enough to make the engine work hard.  

If left unchecked cylinder glazing, and piston ring glazing will eventually cause enough lube oil consumption the engine goes into a run away situation which has two possible outcomes, either the engine speeds up uncontrollably and blows up mechanically or you physically get close enough to the speeding engine to block off its air intake with some solid object that will not get sucked into the engine, (certainly not your hand). 

Of course engine run away and excess oil consumption can be fixed by having the engine dismantled and deglazed, but that is a major engine rebuild.  Some fuel additives claim to deglaze your engine, but I'm not aware of any produce used by professional diesel engine owners, which says lots. For the sake of induction cooking I think the true cost for you, is massively more than just the fuel used! 

While your alternator upgrade is great, the two things I would say is reduce your amps well away from the alternator maximum rating, and if possible add a wind turbine and more solar to give you more power.... also install an alternator cut out switch on the field input,  to cease battery charging if your engine is slightly under powered...so can turn off battery charging when you need the extra horse power in those situations..

As a side note I'm currently running an under powered RV, (land yatch), and it has 1100watts of solar, 110 amps of engine alternator, current to charge the 300AH lithium house batteries is limited by the resistance in the cable length which gives maximum house battery charging between 35 and 50 amps, well below the alternator rating, I can adjust the house battery charging to occur as a dynamic load on down hill runs or if I'm desperate I can charge batteries on flat runs, but I never charge house batteries with the engine while going up hill...  .  The starter battery is a standard connection to the engine alternator and takes care of the over volts from alternator output switching...that is caused by the delayed effect of the alternator voltage regulator needing to reduce the alternator internal magnetic field which is slow reaction, before the alternator output reduces, hence volts go up....  

The voltage spike of an alternator needs to be addressed some how with lithium batteries otherwise when the battery management switches of the charge current the delay in alternator response will cause a high voltage spike that can damage everything else including the battery management circuitry.  I have seem a couple of examples now of good lithium batteries having their battery management circuits destroyed in what could have been a fire on board, if things had turned out worse....     

Happy sailing
  20. @basilroland: Ryan's eyes are upside down.

- Narrowboat Engine Service | Will the Generator Start?? | Tony Gets His Hands Dirty | Vlog 28: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hello and welcome to today's vlog hi you do say hello then yeah i do okay what have you got well first of all let's introduce ourselves i think everybody knows who we are john and tony yes [Applause] first thing first things first yeah um i'm not going to be part of this vlog that much because it's not my scene but one thing i've got to do is i've got to thank my wonderful niece carla because she knows and i'm sorry to people out there i don't like sloths or sloths whatever you call them but she has made this wonderful thing for me she's it's the first time that she's embroidered and i've got to show you because it's to do with making new memories and she has made look at that isn't it beautiful making new memories and i even think that this sloth is beautiful so thank you carla from the bottom of our hearts absolutely beautiful and we shall find somewhere to hang it and whilst we're also thanking people um i don't know if you know this but we sold our car a few weeks ago because obviously we don't need it when we go cruising but a couple who we've met here from january when we first moved in um said well we're going cruising for a week lucky so and so they are aren't they yeah and i was i was cooking that night and i had the side hatch open and uh dave came and said here's our car keys if you want to use the car to go somewhere please do so now we think that's a wonderful thing i don't know if you get it anywhere else but you certainly get it here uh in the marina and you certainly get it with other boaters um so dave and lynn dave and len thank you so much thank you very much indeed that was very very sweet it meant we could get out for a couple of hours and you didn't crash it did you no i didn't know we went out and got some chippy chips yes i've got my figure to look after you know yeah but yes as jan says uh this vlog is all about the engine service so if you want to know how to do and this is a very basic service because we're talking about somebody very basic i.e me but uh i'm being instructed by somebody who is very experienced in all things mechanical if you want to know about servicing engines or anything like that then obviously this is the vlog for you if you don't we don't mind you can spin right to the edge i went straight across my head i went um but yes if you've got a narrow boat and you want to look at somebody else's engine and how it works and how to service it then here's me and charlie so here we are in the engine room first job to do before charlie comes and shows me the ropes is to start the engine run the engine for about 20 minutes or so that thins the oil that makes it easier to get out of the tank hello charlie good morning good afternoon good afternoon tony nice to see you now you're not just some random narrowboats owner are you you've got a bit of background i've got a lot of background um on water right um i joined the royal navy when i was 17. did an engineering apprenticeship and 18 years later i left being taught numerous skills i'm a jack of all trades yeah and a master of many i like to think anyway what did you end up being in the royal navy and what was that i ended up being a charge chief right basically third in command of the whole marine engineering department of a warship these little tiddly engines are are they [Laughter] right okay and what are we going to be doing today what you're going to be teaching me i'm going to teach tony how to do a basic engine service so after this he'll be able to do his own um we've got two engines uh he's got the main drive engine and he's also got a generator which we're going to do later this is a beta it's 50 horsepower very very good rolls royce of canal boat engines was according to me this provides all the power for charging his batteries teaches water and more importantly it drives the boat through the water main thing yeah i always put these mats down okay obviously so if i do spill oil it's it goes on those and not having to mop up everywhere okay so this is your hand pump which pumps the oil out the sump yeah into a container um just to the bottom of it is a 90 degree it's normally red but somebody's painted it blue that's nice oh yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah we just opened that yeah also on here we have a blanking cap yeah yeah and it's just to save oil spillages all right okay yeah see just a little drop in there yeah okay presumably and then i'll let you do so it's like just pump yeah that's it it pumps on the upwards all right okay and how many liters of oil are talking about well my 43's got six liters in but i'm not sure how much this has gotten i won't read the ball but i'm gonna start to get the book out yeah but the thing is um it'll start spitting and splurging obviously they won't be as smooth as this yeah no i've already got plenty of muscles in the arm my workout done for the day yeah i can see that's now filling up yeah that looks like getting to the top yeah so always keep empty ones yes handy yeah i found that out with the toilet we've got one to fill the cassette toilet with uh flush stuff because it's electric flush but you need to fill up the the flush in water if you see what i mean this has got more than six liters in it yeah it feels like it how's my technique so far it's wonderful nice nice constant rhythm that's it well i used to be a musician you know did you yeah keyboard i've got a guitar no i can't feel any you can keep going like that all day and you'll probably suck a cap full out right right filter's down there and that's come off by hand doesn't it you yeah i always attempt to get them off by hand very rarely do they ever come off but it saves messing around with tools if they do one screw which this one has done which is good um i always carry little carrier bags um because they all there's still a lot of oil in the filter and i put the filters straight in here then it saves a lot of mess rather than sort of balancing on somewhere and they always tip over and you've got oil puddles everywhere um i always have an oil absorbent mat in the bilge because it's on sideways you're always going to get oil running out and that'll collect it save a mess so here we go here's where we get messy and we miss the mat actually still quite a lot of oil in there so what we're going to do is try and tip it into a container um next trick is identified the new water filter i've got a few filters arriving so you got a 50 50 chance of getting it right because the box actually says oil filter as opposed to fuel filter so we might yeah so if you're ever in doubt just compare the size of the two which is which is right now before we screw that on it's got a rubber seal there yeah yeah which is very dry because what we want to do is just dab some oil on there yeah just so it goes on a lot simpler i always utilize what's come out just a little dribble on doesn't need a lot it's just to put a little bit on there okay screw it on all the way down right and i always like to do them hand tight as much as you can with your hands right yeah yeah that'd be fine that's why that one came off some people really mechanically put them on no need but you do need to put a lot of force on it because if it's too loose it will actually vibrate off right then the first thing you'll know is you've got no oil left in your engine because it's all in there okay yeah that's that's all filtered on important tool number two funnel yeah as much as you think you're good at pouring in little holes you're not and there's lots of nooks and crannies so the last thing we want to do is get oil all over the engine okay yep now what type of wallet is this this is it's a 1540 mineral oil yeah and it's got an api specification of cc which is for this engine the api is a standard of what additives are in the oil for the diesel engine on narrowboats because they're not doing a lot of work and they're doing a lot of idling they do not need a lot of additives in because they've got nothing to protect because it's not working hard if you put extremely high grade oils in um the additives will actually start what we call glazing the balls and you then start having leaky oil rings start burning oil and creates all sorts of problems so always make sure the uh the oils are api cc for this engine it does vary you need to check different engine and books um we did have to get a different oil for the generator because that's got a different api rating to it of course of course yeah nothing's important no no nothing straightforward today yeah um the reason why containers have got no labels on whatsoever is because um i actually obtain my oil from a company that mixes their own oil um to your specification rather than carrying loads of brands on the shelf and it you have to buy a 25 litre drum minimum and so i actually bought lots of five liter drums and filled them all up made it a lot easier that's why it's got no labeling on it right okay right because we know we nearly need to there's about eight liters of oil in this so i can put the first five liters in without checking anything yeah i was just going to ask how do you know when you've reached it up other than looking at the dipstick but yeah we've taken it all out so check the dipstick yep let's have a look yeah that's coming up just about there yeah we're about three quarters of the way up yeah that's enough to run uh i'll bob some more oil down when we're finished empty containers in right yeah yeah there we go that's it full of oil we've now changed the oil filter changed changed the oil um and we're moving on to the fuel system now um what i'm actually going to do now is remove the air filter box the reason being is the fuel filter's right underneath it and it just makes it so much easier to get to with the air filter and before that what do we need to do we need to take the um we've isolated the fuel yeah so we've found that because we've got two tanks here aren't we yeah we've we're getting to understand the fuel system now so i've shut the fuel off even though it won't gravity feed into the engine on this boat it's good standard practice to turn it off yeah yeah okay so we're now down here this is just a clamp bolt that holds this one can i just say i supplied all the tools here today and there we go we'll get that out of the way um that gives us access to the move that out of the way to the filter fuel filter which is just down there and again um when i unscrew it i'm going to try and do it by hand um i always put this under the filter because the fuel filters are normally upright um just to catch any fuel that's that's going to run off the top of it um because we don't want fuel sloshing around the engine bay and again is it quite easy whoever serves this engine last time has been trained like me well you don't really want to use mechanical devices do you really or anything there is no need when you're putting these things on to use a mechanical device a good hand pressure is enough to keep them on yeah um and generally if they have been put on using hand pressure they'll come off using hand pressure but a lot of people like to really crank and there's no real need for it so there's a fuel filter and we've caught all the fuel in the tray so we're not making a mess and again we need to pull that off stinks smells a diesel it was fries on and if you ever wonder why we fit fuel filters because people say well they don't ever look dirty if when you do this yeah yeah you can then that looks like there's a lot of rubbish in there there is some yeah there's something i don't know if anybody can see that one yes because that's actually fallen off the uh the filter element yeah and yeah it's gonna be difficult with the uh with the camera you probably won't see in there but you get that in the light and you can see the normal an awful lot of debris in the bottom of that so that has not been changed in a long time here again same looking shape so i think we're in luck there and the fact it says fuel filter on the side of the box it does yeah yes they've got to make this idiot proof because there's people like me around uh you know idiots that we'll be doing this sort of stuff so yeah and do we do the same thing do we put a layer up no always we don't put oil on the top do it but do we put a piece of um fuel on the top we do look just to lubricate that rubber because it's dry yeah and it's going onto a dry face so it just gives you a bit more like a suction sort of thing well it does but it lubricates it so when you do tighten it by hand you can get a bit more otherwise it'll lock up and it'll feel tight and it's not yeah yep okay and that just basically screws back on a little bit of hand pressure there yep that's that done really we can open the valve up again now okay yeah now then before we do anything else yeah we've got a filter full of air yeah so we've got to bleed that off okay um if you get the camera down here this this little bit here is the uh what they call the lift pump which picks the fuel out of the uh out of the tank puts it through the fuel filter and then puts it into your injection pump yeah and on it is a little lever so you can manually operate it if i could remember yeah that manually operates that lift pump right normally it's operated off the camshaft from the engine yeah yeah um so we can pump fuel manually right and on top of the filter there is a bleed screw yeah that bolt there you see it again my fingers pointing right to it next to this pipe here yep yeah so we've got to slacken that off and then what we do is pump away until we get fuel coming out the top and then that's all the air going right um if you forget to do that when you start your engine it will actually run because there's still fuel in the injection pump yeah but it'll start pumping air through into there and it won't run long enough to actually get rid of that air and it will stop and then you've got a big problem right because you've got to get the air out injection pump which is a pain in the neck again if you just put this under there it stops any fuel running into the bilges and then we pump away it does take a while oh there we go just you just saw some fuel coming out there yeah yeah so as soon as that comes out you can tighten them yep and just right around the top of the and there we are done we've already checked these but just a reminder to tony when he's doing his servicing um have a good check of the belts yeah make sure there's no wear cracks in them got two belts on here driving two alternators that's about as tight as you want them if you over tighten the belt a you put an excess pressure on the belt but you're also putting excess pressure on the bearings yeah um alternator not too bad but the water pump bearing will fail if you over tighten the belt so a little bit of movement in there um if it's too slack it will soon let you know because it will start screeching when it starts right yeah these are tooth belts so that's not bad the other belt um it's a slightly different construction it's what we call a multi multi-rib belt it transmits more power because it's a far bigger alternator than that one up to 70 amps for v-belts when you start going above that then you need your multi-rib belt right because the other thing to do which we've done before as well is check the water of course okay just be very careful when you've been running your engine this is hot because it's like a car you've got to let the pressure away before you and that is exactly where we left it last time right before we went out for our disaster the leak is fixed so the leak is fixed yeah we had a leaky thing down there found an extremely good engineer to find that problem which was down here wasn't it it's this thing it was this gizmo this gizmo here yeah there's there's what he's got on here is what we call the heater matrix um it's just like a radiator in the car but it's got a fan in there and it blows hot air down these pipes want to keep his feet warm when he's cruising the other put a bit of heat into the bedroom goes in here it's again it's utilizing um free heat yeah because we need to lose the heat out of the engine so yeah that's one way of doing it i did notice that even though we had problems with the stove and we weren't getting any heat obviously because we had that problem with the thermostat and the pump not kicking in is that because we've been cruising i did leave the engine on to make sure the batteries were topped up is that when we came to bed this room which is sometimes going to be a bit chilly was actually quite warm because we'd had the engine on so yeah yeah it's doing its job yeah they're not that efficient but it's utilizing heat that you would normally chuck away into the canal so yeah and as tesco say every little else yeah that's right yeah right what we're going to do now is start the engine up you've got an oil gauge on here as well and that's okay so we've got a nice little pressure up there so please have a look around the gym yeah as i say it it takes a little while for the oil because it's got to fill the oil filter up before it'll get the pressure up but it's not long yeah if it doesn't come up after about 15 20 seconds switch the engine off okay watch ollie what we've got here this is the right we're now on to the generator having successfully done the main engine um normally we would run the engine uh get the oil up to temperature and do the oil change first unfortunately we seem to have a problem with the generator and it runs for a while then stops and then does very little and i've come to the conclusion that the fuel filter's blocked and i'm really keeping my fingers crossed that it is that because otherwise i have no idea um so we're going to change the fuel filter first with the hope we can get this engine running properly and then we'll do the fuel and do the oil change got it yep this is not as easy to get out is it no basically what we've got here is a chain through a very big nut as we do is put the filter in the chain and when we turn the nut it will wind the chain up and clamp the filter again quite easy to use he says ah well that's where it ends unfortunately we couldn't go any further with the service on the generator the fuel filter that charlie thought was the issue wasn't obviously the issue and the generator still doesn't run properly it runs for about 10 seconds and then stops altogether so we've got to get some further investigation from onan who make the generator side of things and kubota who make the engine side of things to see what the issue may be and hopefully this is the last thing that we need to do before we can go out cruising but it's a very important vlog um some people might be interested in it and it's not fun and cruising and whatever but i think it's i think it's important and eventually i will learn how to do these things um but tony with under uh charlie's instruction uh did very well so uh we hope you enjoy it and learn a bit from it yeah and if you've got a few tips from it you know even if it's just a case of getting some of those oil absorbent rags or whatever you know because they're really good those things um or any other tips that charlie's passed along the way during the vlog um then at least we've done something right today if that's the case then please give us a thumbs up and if you haven't already subscribed to the channel then please do so and also if you subscribe hit the bell icon i was going to say that's an improvement john but i think i might get told off sloth off exactly yeah and that bell icon if you click that that means that youtube will notify you next time we upload a vlog um don't know what we're going to be doing next um no because this one's a bit late going out um you may have heard that um a b and b the boat brokerages have moved here uh moved from crick um and they've got lots of new shiny boats and some second-hand boats for sale so we may show you around those next weekend because next weekend is the may bank holiday and that's when we're hoping to leave the marina for the summer and get off cruising so if we don't see you next week we'll see you in the future stay with us if you want to become a patron and get some behind-the-scenes gossip what do we what me and jan get up to behind the scenes when the camera's turned off then you can become a patreon and get a few little perks i get a few perks tonight no okay and i think that's all we need to say isn't it on that yeah stop i'm gonna stop now see you next time stay safe everybody happy cruising bye you

  Top Comments:
  1. @ladygardener100 [1 likes]: I change my own oil and filter, but once year I get an engine service by a professional, in this instance I used Shire Cruisers, and they used their own oil, if it's good enough for their tough envi, it's fine by me.
I change fuel filter once per annum assuming there is no problem.
  2. @keithweybury5212 [1 likes]: Well done Tony. Keith
  3. @stuartcox2785 [1 likes]: Another great video both
  4. @EskdaleHawks1 [1 likes]: Great video, I'm not very mechanically minded so very much appreciated instructional video. 👍🏻🙂
  5. @freespeech3673 [1 likes]: A friend put us on to this video.  A bit like working on my truck but upside down! We were a few berths away from you at NK earlier in the year. 
Good luck when you get around to the next service.
  6. @edmundsmith151 [1 likes]: Good vlog but when i service my artic it has Kat Engine i put fuel in to new filter not so much pumping to fill it up   Ed
  7. @narrowboatvloggl [1 likes]: Hi Jan and Tony, I would love to feature some clips from this vlog on the next vloggl episode, please let me know if that is ok?
  8. @stephaniewilson3955 [1 likes]: It will be entertaining when Tony tries to do this himself.  I would have made him do it under instruction rather than just watching.  I hope you took notes, Tony!  At least you have the video to check back on.
  9. @jerrykell7815 [1 likes]: Excellent vlog. Thank you both. We're looking at selling up and moving onto the cut in 3 years time and the engine service is one area I'm wary of with no mechanical knowledge at all. Charlie explained all of that in easy terms and I feel confident to carry out those procedures now after watching that so again, thank you both for a quality vlog. Take care and looking forward to your next one.
  10. @kellyfisher9042 [1 likes]: Love keeping up to date with you. We took the girls on a canoe the other day and I did think of you guys! Tom said I wonder if we see jan I did laugh and say this is not a canal!
  11. @terencesanderson6196 [1 likes]: Out of interest would you ask Charlie how many hours of running would you do before changing the belts as a matter of routine to save disaster as seen on Minimal Lists recent vlog
  12. @terencesanderson6196 [1 likes]: Aah now i see - what you have to do is have a Chinese takeaway the night before you service the engine which then gives you the plastic trays needed to do it properly
  13. @eecommencal265 [1 likes]: Really informative. Well done Charlie. I’ll have to get your details.
  14. @chow24 [1 likes]: Surprised you don't have 2 fuel filters per motor. ....just wondering why it doesn't  shows the number of subscribers you have..? From my phone.     thanks for your time on the videos
  15. @chrisp4313 [1 likes]: Hello to you both .I have followed you from the start but only just subscribed .Although i know how to do my own engine service its always nice to see someone else's set up and pick up a few tips along the way.
Really hope you get sorted with the generator side of things and can get out on the cut very soon.
Happy cruising and may catch up with you both sometime NB GLITTERING PRIZE
  16. @cheflovestocook: Brilliant Tony and Jan. The tips Charlie share are very helpful
  17. @paulbarty9296: That was a good helpful vlog and some good tips. Im hoping that canal river rescue will be resuming their weekend engine and electrical course soon now we are out of lockdown ☺
  18. @ronbearman6783: Hi guys
    A very good blog a professional at work very instructive on how to do it properly
  19. @stevesrepairs5778: Thanks to you both for a very lovely and informative vlog. Take care and all the best. Stevie
  20. @markhill1353: Yes please let's see some new or used boats for sale Tony, all the best.

- How To Fillet A Wahoo with Captain Rush Maltz: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hey guys this is captain rush from local knowledge and today i want to talk to you a little bit about cutting long fish kingfish wahoo we're gonna go through a short demonstration here show you guys how to do it first thing you're gonna do you're gonna make your initial cut right that's that 45 right here right behind the pec fin okay obviously while who are real soft fish you don't have to put a lot of pressure on them then i like to spin my fish around a little bit all right be careful they have sharp teeth then i'm just going to cut right down along the dorsal all the way down to the tail boom now people do it different ways what i like to do is now take it in sections depending on how big the fish is so i'm going to take a third cut right down boom come back around let me just move this all right all the way down through the belly i'll back around so now i'm ready to start taking my sections off the fish just lift up a little bit and i'm just laying the blade of the knife right along that backbone got boards a little small for this guy laying it right along the backbone popping it off nice clean section right there see how easy that comes off come up take my second section right down along the backbone like i said you don't need much pressure these fish are so soft the knife cuts right through it pull it back last section right here right up along the backbone down i like to come over top of the ribs at this section see how i'm leaving the ribs along the fish on the fish i like to come right there a couple little cuts so now i've taken the fish into three sections so now i'm just going to get rid of this guy for a second and i'll come right here to my tail section and what i like to do everybody has their own personal preference some people like sashimi some people like to grill it some people like to saute it however you like it well now you can take it and cook it in all these different ways so i'll just take this back section off and you can use that for whatever you want let's say here you like just me no skin i'll come right down along the bloodline then lay my knife super flat so i'm not getting any skin and take it off just like that see that nice loin you get there then i'll come back later on i'll clean that red off so that's one section that's one way i'll come to this middle section get rid of a little bit of this excess and then i'll take this just like this and i'll make a slice down but if you notice i'm not going all the way through the skin i'll make another even slice separate it there that one went all the way through open it up and look how pretty that is it's like a pork chop you get those medallions right there four sections that's great for grilling okay so you got those two different ways to cut it now okay now if you like port if you like the chops you take this section make a couple chops or you come back and you can just cut that loin off again see how pretty that is all clean fresh white meat and that's how i cut wahoo

  Top Comments:
  1. @rogbass [4 likes]: This is why the internet was created. To learn from masters.
  2. @chrisredding6034 [4 likes]: I don’t think rush has one single hater out there at all. He is like the epitome of a Florida fisherman that everyone likes. Keeps mostly to himself and is just a badass fisherman.
  3. @edgarisaac668 [3 likes]: When he said watch out.... I thought he was going to mention his beer not teeth 😂
  4. @chrisredding6034 [3 likes]: Great video. Keep doing this guys and it will blow you up. I’m telling you! Have a cleaning portion after every video. That’s what people want to see.
  5. @peady64 [2 likes]: I love the idea of slicing the fillets in thirds on the bone. Sheer genius.
  6. @alexnajarian5519 [2 likes]: Thanks Capt! Can’t wait to use the chop technique during HST season (I was scared for the Modelo for a second there…)
  7. @erroldavis2983 [1 likes]: Left too much meat on the head and the collar, different strokes, or different folks. Your way is certainly not mine. what are you afraid of use a longer knife.
  8. @hoosierpete [1 likes]: That's the best technique I've seen .
  9. @juliogonzalez3003: Worst filet video ive seen
  10. @erroldavis2983: Are you doing a demonstration on filling, a Wahoo??? or are you doing a beer commercial? 😅
  11. @wjstewdog: Use that knife on those palms and hydrate a little

- How to drive a boat in rough water | Big sea throttle techniques explained | Motor Boat & Yachting: Kind: captions Language: en john mendes here with the latest in our how to's this one's all about hanging out on a day when you're not so sure if you should be or not so not for the inexperienced and you've got to be very certain of your equipment both personal and boat before you go out on a day like this but if you go to sea often enough there will be a day when you think i've got to get home and it's horrible so what do you do well not only have we got a rough and windy day but we've actually got wind against tide as well just to make it a bit more fun when it's rough obviously there's two well three ways we can travel we can go downwind we go upwind and we can do a beam sea downwind is usually the most civilized the key with downwind is we keep the bow up and we try and sit on the back of a wave and as it dissipates we power and accelerate through the braking wave into the back of the next wave that's the most civilized way to travel upwind that's probably the hardest that's where we're going up the face of every single wave over the crest and down the other side and then of course there's a beam seat that's where everything's coming in on the side and sometimes if it's very rough going upwind is difficult so you might tack by making a upwind into almost a beam seal work your way across the waves there's one key rule don't travel flat out because you might need power to get you out of a situation and if you're going flat out there's nothing left the other key thing is it's all about the throttle you've got a steer to go around the worst of it but it's all about the throttle and there's a little thing to always think about if the bow is dropping we increase the power to lift the bow if the bow is rising we ease the power to let the bow slow down so just think about that bow dropping power up bow rising power off if you keep that in your head and go gentle you'll get wet because you'll get it wrong at some point you can have a lot of fun and learn a lot we'll do a little bit of a film for you the audio will be difficult because i need to zip up a to protect the mic and to stay a little bit dry we'll see how we get on okay so we're going to go into an upwind session to start with as i need to make my way back up that way so i'm going to practice what i preached i talked about turning around i said look for flat water so just getting the boat going bigger breaking wave there don't want to turn yet there comes the crest power and turn now a little bit of power to lift about that was quite expensive and now i've got to work my way from quite an angry scene so bow rising power bow dropping power on and it's on and off all the time how long raise the bow ease power and ease power and ease hold tight and power again to get the power up and he's power again that's it at knees again and we're just working our way all the time and down we're doing about 12 knots he's at the top here we go again and he's uh bigger one there and as i said you won't get everyone perfect so here we go a bit flatter there looking for the flat patch a little bit better bigger one here hold tight and bow up hey over we go that was a large one hold tight another big one here power up keys at the it that's a nice big one there a bit steep here they're quite close together yep that's a big one and here we go again power up and ease over the top back door there comes the next one power up again and down hold tight big one that's it nice little ease there power up again that's a big one all right i think that's enough for that okay so we're going downwind now so the first thing i'm doing is raising the trim quite a long way because i want to keep that bow up and then what i'm really looking for is sitting on the back of a biggest wave so i'm sat on quite a big wave here nicely and i'm just opening up a fraction so you can hear me slightly better got to make sure i don't overrun it there's the bell there's the point there we are just sitting on the back sitting on the back we're doing a nice 15 knots quite happy the big boat in front of me is just broaching badly so we'll leave them to it so all i'm doing is just looking for the wave sit on the stern of the wave and most important there's the breaking crest don't want to go anywhere near that keep the power just going gently just sitting on the edge of the froth there you can hear i've lost drive he's back a little bit trimmed down the fraction here comes the wave again sit on the stern of it so i'm sitting on the rear face i'm looking not to overtake the wave that allows me to just sit the boat there gently as the wave starts to dissipate just a little bit of power to push me through and then the same on the next one i'm sitting on the top there you can see my bow is so high so so high as it dissipates a little bit of power and then just in front of me there's the next one looking at that sitting there don't want to go too quick sit on the back sit on the back and then power through again bow up again here comes the next wave sit on that surfing surfing surfing and then sitting on the waves sitting on the wave that's nice just keep the power as it starts to dissipate a little bit of power look for the next wave here's one here keep that bow rising as it falls ease a little bit of power again get the bow back up and every so often i'm gonna look behind me to make sure there's not a big one about to catch me up bows nicely up that's good sit there sit there sit there don't let it catch a little bit of pound through we go there's a nice one in front of us there here comes a nice big way let's sit on that one for a bit sit there sit there sit there sit there sit there sit there sit there get that bowel back up a little bit of power and then ease again here he is sit down sit sit sit sit pow hold about hold hold hold hold hold as we start to fall a little bit of power and on to the next one you see it's starting to break accelerate now keep that bow up run run run run sorry so you can there see the spectacular danger when you're going down sea if you accelerate too early and push your bowel through the wave you end up wearing it and that's where ribs are good because the buoyancy column means we just shake the water off and it drains out the stir but you got to be really aware that water is heavy and it can make things very unstable so don't overtake a wave because you punch into the back of the next one and it all gets a bit exciting so you've seen the fun and joy of upwind and downwind still pretty greasy out here so we're just going to do a little bit of beam seat hey because we want to get home and be it just give you an idea but you can make quite reasonable progress so i'm going to run pretty much across the waves then i'll come up slightly into them and then down slightly into them just so you can see the different angles techniques pretty much the same bow rising ease about falling power so i'm just bringing her up to speed i'm just working the waves so i'm always looking there that's where the sea is coming from and that's where i need to be looking so do i go up and wave so here i'm going up here comes the next one ease power again here comes the next one and i'm looking too beyond it i need to see what's coming power over he's power he's he's here power again and you can make good progress we're doing good 20 knots boat's quite comfy just looking all the time that's the danger keep watching up there round the back of these here it comes again ease up and down little trough here bring the speed up a little bit get it running a little bit of trim up a little bit of power there and then these again so we go up and over so we're just coming back in having had a very entertaining afternoon little word of warning we've had a great time and we've been driving within the capabilities of us and the rib just been gusting force eight at times and there's been some quite vicious sea some big holes by all means go and gently explore both you and your boats capabilities don't go mad this is a nine meter rib two big engines on the back it's got a lot of capability be careful with what you get up to but enjoy [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @MotorBoatYachting [203 likes]: Credit to our camera man, Richard Langdon of Ocean Images, for shooting this with handheld and drone in very challenging conditions. We hope you enjoy it!
  2. @wernerstrohlein1697 [1 likes]: Bad english
  3. @mikeyosrs-w4h: Fair share of experience driving 18' inflatable RHIBs through some pretty rough seas. I have had a lot of luck trimming the bow up and powering through the waves. Lots of fun. But man does it make for bumpy and wet ride.
  4. @12gauge1oz: "Be careful what you get up to", lolol
  5. @marx2000-y8v: Thank you
  6. @martinrix8116: Superb video - very useful
  7. @soloitaliano4934: How big are these swells? 1.6m?
  8. @boristhebulletdgr: Actual James Bond
  9. @KurtOnoIR: It's pretty amazing when you see some old man in a Boston whaler or something he's had for years do this. They hardly get wet. Like how the hell do they do that. Larger more powerful boats giving everyone spinal injuries, tossing dogs and worse as some old man just goes cruising past in his old boat...with dry clothes. Seen it a couple times. Very impressive.
  10. @AlessandroBacci-k9e: Very wet hull!
  11. @TracyWessel: Thank you!
  12. @ValentinasBoy: c beam? sea beam? what is it called and what is it?
  13. @StinkNinja: As a Canadian hearing your accent you could have told me “you threaten the sea with its life and you should be fine” and I would think, yup checks out. I have seen too many movies.
  14. @andystevens3865: Nice one John, great lesson!
  15. @ovidiocorchero2795: lmao at the casual intro in 100ft waves
  16. @bergeracvandamme: My method is simply power, power, power at all times. I believe it's essential to assert one's dominance over the ocean.
  17. @JRG2552: Wow, thank you. I learned a lot.
  18. @nicholasallmond7233: Like doing a wheelie
  19. @ngoziroots: Great advice for the illegals
  20. @familytrieserichiltz940: So…are British boats left side drive and Americans are right side drive while cars are opposite?!? If so I NEVER knew this!

- WATCH this video before going offshore  -  Boating tips & mistakes for beginners on small bay boats.: Kind: captions Language: en outboard motors are more reliable than ever therefore small boat owners like myself are venturing further offshore with their single motors today we're going to talk about something we have a lot of experience doing and that's taking a bay boat offshore hey guys welcome back to life by the bow if you're new here i'm clay but if you were to go through some of our fishing videos you will see that we fish out of this boat a lot offshore and a lot of that has to do with just due to the fact that it's just so easy to manage this boat as mentioned these outboards are way more reliable than they ever have been before in the past so we're able to take this boat out on a calm day with a pretty good peace of mind that we're going to be nice and safe out there and we don't have to worry about any motor trouble for the most part we always go out there we have a good day we come back in with little to no trouble obviously not all of us are that experienced when it comes to boating some of you may be watching this video with a lot of experience and you may be able to take away from this and learn a couple things because not everybody knows everything including myself so if you guys want to add something into this video at one point go ahead and write it in the comments section that way we can just kind of create a platform just to keep ideas flowing and help people out but without further ado let's go ahead and jump right into it and just talk about some of the things that you should do as far as preparation kind of x y and z before you do take a bay boat offshore so once you get about 10 15 miles offshore down here in the florida keys you start to completely lose cell phone reception and depending where you're going out of different places in florida different places around the united states or different places around the world your cell phone coverage may vary but that's at least how it is for us down here that's why taking the bay boat offshore becomes a big deal simply just because god forbid you have an issue you can't call anyone for help so the number one thing that we make sure that we always have on this boat before we go out is an e-perp this one's a little smaller a little cheaper than some of them but still works the same way basically you flip this antenna up push the button and that locks into gps coordinate and sends a distress signal to the coast guard so that's definitely something you do want to have it really can save your life another thing i always have in the boat is my spot tracker and basically what a spot tracker is it's a little tiny gps tracking device i hide that in my boat the reason why i hide it is because i actually use it for security purposes in case someone steals my boat basically the way that it works is that little tiny tracker hooks up to an app on my phone communicates via satellite basically i can track exactly where my boat's at god forbid somebody steals it it'll send me a text alert and i can see all the coordinates based on where the boat's been and actually track it in real time to see where it's going and the reason why that's relevant here is because i typically always install that app on someone's phone back home that's close to me just in case god forbid something were to happen they could track me communicate with coast guard and say you know hey this is the last place that you know i was able to track him or say for example this is where he's at right now another thing to have that's very useful is a vhf radio that works via radio waves but that's only good for i believe i'm don't quote me i'm going to research this just to be 100 sure i'm just going to put it up on screen there but um that only works within a certain range but it's definitely still good to have on the boat in order to communicate to boats nearby if you're close enough near shore you can still communicate with land now these next few things may seem pretty obvious to a lot of you but unfortunately not all of us are as educated as we should be and those things simply are an air horn flares life jackets throwables fire extinguishers and a first aid kit i may be forgetting some things if i do i'll go ahead and add that to the video but it is actually the law to have these things on the boat the reason why is the law is because it can save lives it may sound ridiculous but there's been times where i've actually had fires on my boat and it was actually really scary and i'm very glad i had a fire extinguisher when you're on the boat as much as i am you've seen it all just when you think that it can't happen to you it does happen okay so now that you have all your essentials all the things that you should be taking with you i didn't mention food water but that should be a pretty obvious one making sure that your boat has enough fuel you may think okay now it's time to go offshore it's a glass calm day just like this we're ready to go let's go out there let's get after it i gotta tell you i've done that a lot and it always hasn't been as promising out offshore as it is here near shore wind direction is a huge thing here in the upper keys if you get a west wind you can walk out to the ocean and it'll look glass cop and the reason why it looks glass calm is simply just because the chain of islands is protecting you from that wind therefore the water isn't affected by the wind so there's no waves so that can be a huge misconception so you may leave from the dock thinking that you're good to go but once you get out there you may realize that it's pretty dang nasty so you always want to make sure that you're checking your forecast before you go and not just for when you get out there you want to make sure that that forecast is consistent throughout the entire day because it can say that you know there's no rain it's glass calm say at 9 00 a.m 8 a.m whenever you decide to leave but you know after you're fishing out there all day the forecast can change and by 11 o'clock it could be blowing 20 knots so whenever you're checking the forecast to go out because i've been stuck out in storms in a little boat like this it's scary stuff and you just want to make sure that you always know what's going on weather-wise throughout the entire day rather than just when you decide to leave first thing in the morning now that you've determined the forecast you figured out the wind direction the next thing to start thinking about is current down here in the florida keys we have what's called the gulf stream and the gulf stream actually travels north so say for example you have a north wind that's counteracting against that water trying to flow north with the gulf stream you're obviously going to have bigger waves it may look good here but once you get offshore you start dealing with some current you're gonna start dealing with some bigger waves so another thing to note and this is a huge one and i've figured this out time after time after time the hard way unfortunately and that's simply that the weatherman is not always right trust your gut if you pull up to the boat ramp the weatherman says it's supposed to be slicked out calm and it's simply not that way at the dock don't go like i said he's not always right you should always just use your best judgment and typically for the most part i don't leave the dock if it's not nice at the dock now you may be able to read currents wind directions all that kind of stuff a little better than i can but personally like i said if what i see at the dock doesn't match up with what the weather man's saying i simply don't go you know you may have that buddy that says oh man well the forecast says this and it says that just because the forecast says that doesn't mean that that's always what it is moving along i'm going to talk about loading your boat and this could actually have a huge deal to do with how your boat rides and how it performs basically the way that i set this boat up whenever i'm heading offshore is i like to put all of my weight forward and the reason why i like to put all my weight forward is simply just because that's going to help the boat sit a lot more level the more level your boat sits the easier it's going to be for that entry to cut through the waves entry being the front of the boat it's also going to allow me to stay on plane at slower speeds that way the rear end of the boat's not sagging when it's sitting nice and level it's just going to help to keep that boat pushing through the waves now you may actually figure out that you prefer things to be in the back of the boat that varies from boat to boat this boat on the other hand it handles very well with weight up front whenever i'm offshore but when i'm near shore and i'm cruising around in the back country i always like to put things towards the middle or the back just to gain more speed and fuel economy of course when you put things in the front it's going to slow you down it's going to affect fuel economy but on the other hand it's going to equate to a way softer and better ride and i prefer a better ride over fuel economy because it can get really bumpy in this boat some days last but not least i'm going to talk about sea time and this is huge basically what sea time is is just the amount of time that you're spending driving your boat understanding your boat learning the ins and out how it performs how it handles and the reason why this is so important is just because you do not want to be operating a vessel that you have very little knowledge over controlling so start out small you know start in the bay then start going out towards the ocean then work out towards the reef then finally start getting comfortable to the point where you can go offshore can it be a glass calm day and you can get away with going out there and coming back sure but as mentioned earlier in the video things get nasty things get ugly and you want to know how to drive a boat and most importantly you want to know how to operate yours to the fullest so there's a couple things that i'm going to go through that you guys should know i'm not going to describe every single one of them just because those are all videos within themselves but just to give you guys an idea learn how to work your trim tabs trim tabs have a lot to do with how your boat rides how it performs and these can be something that can be the difference between a dry soft ride and a very wet nasty ride another thing to keep in mind is your route a lot of the times i take a longer route simply just because based on what i calculate my head between depth wind direction currents more than half the time the longer route is typically the softer route say for example this is the angle at which i'm heading offshore to get to my destination this is where i'm at this is land and this is where i'm going rather than taking that angle straight out and having to deal with those heavy seas from here to there what i'll do sometimes is i'll ride the shoreline or get in some shallow water behind a reef and i'll simply take the extra five ten miles going this way just to take off say two three maybe even four or five miles going straight into the waves in a head seat but that's really it guys that's really all i have in mind and all i have to share for today i'm sure there's some things that i'm not thinking of that's the beauty of youtube that's the beauty of having you guys watching because if there's something that i missed i'd greatly appreciate if you guys would put it in the comments below just to kind of help everybody out you know that's what i want these videos to serve as is a platform where people can come for information not only to make their fishing experience better but to also make their boating experience better life by the bow that's what it's all about but i really appreciate you guys watching hopefully you enjoyed this video if you guys like fishing go ahead check out some of our fishing videos obviously check out avail performance gear but yeah that's really it until next time i'll see you guys thanks for watching

  Top Comments:
  1. @BigRigsLongWeekend [4 likes]: I frequently go offshore in a 17 ft bay boat with a 70 hp Yamaha for years. Ive ran it all the way out 46 miles.   I pick days where the sea state stays under 1ft all day.  Ive had a few squirly moments. But for the most part its always been fine. I've Always have a working radio. But I've never had an EPERB.  This video just reminded me to get one. So I will be getting one soon.
  2. @kevinmason3141: good to leave a float plan with point of contact, when you leave, when your going to return, where your heading etc...
  3. @brianlee6849: Being that this video is five years old.And it wasn't available at the time.  What do you think about having Starlink on your boat? This technology has made some huge leaps Just recently and I think soon it will be available directly to the cellphone. What do you think?
  4. @Spaceman-si9cs: You can call for help. Get a sat phone or get to mobile and get the starlink add on.
  5. @Alphasig336: VHF range depends on Antenna and power
  6. @fakename9024: What Brand of boat is this?
  7. @iwantosavemoney: Am new and learn their is so much to know about ocean fishing and tides the weather it is a lot to take in to be honest
  8. @TheCastIronTraveler: Hi, I'm a newbie looking to buy my first boat.  Who do you recommend I talk to in order to get some straight up advice on type, size, budget, etc.?
  9. @MattsFishingEscapes: Being a weather man is the only job in the world you can be wrong every day and still keep your job. 😂
  10. @hagenthemagen: 4:37 one lucky dolphin 😨🫣 (well, and outboard)
  11. @staviebai: And yet, neither of the 2 people on the boat in the 'safety video' have a life jacket on !😂
  12. @kevinsills5532: Great video! VHF is line of sight or around 11 miles. Use a kill switch. Also teach your wife/buddy how to run your vessel BEFORE you need your wife to run your vessel 😎
  13. @kucci8157: curious to know the story about the fire.
  14. @PrinceofWalesisland: The VHF radio range is dependent on your transmitter/receiver, as well as the antenna height and type.   5-10 miles range would be a cheap hand held unit.
  15. @FrankJohnson-r3e: Put on a side band 😅
  16. @GaBoatGirl: Love your channel.  You and your wife are a beautiful couple who have beautiful hearts.  You explain boating so well.
  17. @MichaelKumbier: Always have a knife on board in case you have to cut an anchor line.
  18. @cat0987-x1i: my goofy ass goes offshore in a 12ft aluminum vhull, i like to have an anchor but having enough rope for deep water is hard to carry with everything else i need so i actually carry a drift sock to slow me down incase anything happens that way when i call someone i don't go super far from where i am when i make the call, besides that i have all the basic safety gear, another thing is, if you are going out in a small boat, if the waves are crashing and not rolling, best not to go out, my 12ft boat goes out of the inlet with 6-7 foot waves no issues if they are rolling waves, if they are crashing I will sink, its good to check what type of waves are out there and what their spacing is, smaller boats like mine will actually out perform a larger boat with 6ft waves due to the spacing, i will just put over the waves and roll over them while a bigger boat will go over one and crash on the next, best thing for someone to do is just get comfortable with their boat and have faith in it, if you don't have faith in your boat or your skill don't attempt to go offshore or at least not alone
  19. @josiah.caspersen: How big is this guys boat? Like 24'??
  20. @ItAintMeBabe99: Good advice.  Does the spot tracker require a monthly subscription ?

- Boating 101: Docking Fail! How NOT to Dock a Boat and Why.: Kind: captions Language: en the biggest mistake that I see Florida voters especially with single engines doing is docking and maneuvering and not keeping enough momentum on the boat you get a little bit of wind and things get kind of scary in a real quick hurry so right now I don't have a lot of momentum I have wind blowing me back I'm kind of lost the bow to the wind it's going turning around and remember from our other videos we always want to have our nose into the wind it makes the docking procedure much much easier but what I see a lot of times especially at our floating dock because the wind bounces off the building because people will get sideways to the dock like I am right now and what ends up happening is they'll drive to keep driving towards the dock then they realize that they can't go there so they back up they turn away and you'll usually see a lot of power and then now they didn't go anywhere except straight back so then they turn and they try to go to the dock again but now they're so close they can't get anywhere so you just keep going back and forth in the back back and forth moment moment and you're trying not to hit the dock guys the best approach is the best docking so what this tells me is I had a really really poor approach what I need to do is back away get myself lined up again once I'm lined up then I can give it some gas and go towards the dock get my nose upwind once I'm upwind get it going shift into reverse a lot of reverse turn towards the dock and we're gonna we're gonna make a bad approach end it and start with another good approach and now you can come back to the dock we're docking in sideways and putting the boat up nice and tight we're squaring it off so we're ready to cleat remember bad docking all starts with a bad approach make a good approach have a planned approach and as the captain of the boat make sure everybody on board knows what they're gonna do and what their process is in the docking maneuver thanks for your time safe boating

  Top Comments:
  1. @mateoluckydog [6 likes]: Another common mistake i ve seen is not having the steering in the right position justo before applying rhe power !!! FWD or reverse .....
  2. @bjackson30303 [4 likes]: Worse scenario is a flock of dock birds all yelling different direction as you try to work the problem.
  3. @Soulsilver75 [4 likes]: Thanks for this!  Wish I had watched this before last weekend!  hahah   Just got a bigger boat and the big difference is how much more the wind effects it, even at anchor.  I was out just practicing handling the boat in the wind on only my 2nd time piloting this "new" boat and  I was so nervous coming back into dock that I totally screwed up my approach and parked in the slip next to mine and had to redo the whole damn thing.
  4. @forrestshadow [2 likes]: Steer, then gear
  5. @MichaelBrown-oc7rr [2 likes]: This video was made for me. Thanks
  6. @JMc.D [2 likes]: I had my brother and a couple of friends out on a 30ft twin screw recently. I was docking stern to with a slight cross wind and against the tide. Got blown off which is fine I was just going to have another approach but last minute they all panicked and started moving about blocking my view and moving the boat quite a bit in the water. Asked them calmly to stay still and got it on the next attempt but should have been clearer with them from the get go.
  7. @chatchawantayommai6771 [1 likes]: Thx for this vdo
  8. @billmccreadymccready5727 [1 likes]: Outboat7s
  9. @djarretmagbee [1 likes]: What brand and model boat is this?
  10. @Misteribel: What wind? 😂😂😂
  11. @MichaelWillems: Bow in the wind. OK. But what if you have to dock the other way, like when I get fuel? Port side has to be docked, whatever the wind.
  12. @PhilbyFavourites: That’s still pretty poor….

You’d have been far better off restarting your approach from six boat lengths out. If you’ve cocked it up, then admit it to yourself and start again with the correct approach and you can hit it in a oner, not the jiggling backwards and forwards as you demonstrated…..
  13. @2discoveredm788: I drive boats daily and i will say he is a pro. I work at a marina so i see alot of boats approaching our docks

- What to Do If You Make a Mistake at Work [How to Handle It]: Kind: captions Language: en y'all one week into my new job I made a huge mistake I was so focused on one part of a task that I completely missed something totally obvious that sort of messed things up for a really big client now luckily my boss was very forgiving I knew things happen but I didn't want that mistake to happen again but here's the deal mistakes happen big mistakes and small mistakes and this is something that's really close to my heart because this is something that I don't think we talk about enough in the workplace and I think people have a lot of Shame around the mistakes they made at work so today we're going to talk about big mistakes small mistakes what to do if you made a mistake and honestly if there really is such a thing as a mistake so big you can't recover from it so make sure you stand till the end because we're going to talk about it all it's going to be a pretty raw video so to me there's sort of two different types of mistakes there are process mistakes and there are people mistakes one is a lot easier to fix than the other so let's talk process first so a process mistake to me is a mistake where you didn't catch something in a process where something went wrong where you had an oversight of a detail Etc so if that happens which it can't happen and get ready if you're new at a job it's probably going to happen a lot because you're just you're trying to adjust to things first thing to do is if you see it first fix it then I think 99 of the time you do need to own up to it let your boss know hey I made this mistake here's what I did to rectify it because there might already be some damage done so let them know how you rectified it and what you're going to do so that mistake doesn't happen in the future so for example you know now I've created a checklist for myself so that I can't miss that step right it's sounds so obvious but we do forget things this is why I'm a huge fan of taking notes double checking your work triple checking your work especially when you're new because we mess these things up this is why also four years into a job you still should look at that checklist because we get complacent and we forget about little steps and we need to keep remembering to go through them basically on process mistakes the big thing to me is own it whether you figure it out first or your boss comes to you and tells you about a mistake don't blame shift don't make excuses own it say you're right I should have caught that you're right I shouldn't have done that I'm so sorry I do think depending on the situation there are times where you can explain yourself right sometimes you messed up because you thought you were doing it the right way because of something you read or something you saw or like sometimes it's gonna need to have a conversation to go with it so they understand why you made the mistake you weren't just doing some wild and crazy thing so I do think it's worth explaining but still own the fact that you made the mistake then talk about how you're going to rectify things to not make that mistake again okay so now let's talk about people mistakes okay so here's what I mean when I say people mistakes you've done something at work that offended somebody or you've received a complaint or somebody thought you were rude in some way or you just had a bad day these are hard let's just acknowledge this these are hard people mistakes are hard no one wants to be told that we hurt someone's feelings or that someone complained about us we could be misunderstood maybe we were having a bad day it's not an excuse but it does happen like there's just something about these that it cuts to the core because no one wants to be seen as someone who was a mean person a rough person a hard person in some way and yet somebody didn't have a good experience with you and that's hard and I want to acknowledge that because here's the thing you are not the first person to have someone make a complaint about them you are not the first person to have a bad day and maybe not react in the most professional manner at work it doesn't mean you get to continue that behavior it doesn't mean you don't need to improve that behavior but I want you to know you're not alone because there's a lot of shame in this sort of thing and what I've discovered is nobody talks about the fact that they had complaints about these toys of things because they're shame no one's going around telling people like yeah I got written up at work or yeah I had five complaints about me if you have five complaints that's a problem but like yeah somebody complained about me last month because there's Shame about it they're not gonna tell people so when it happens to you you feel like you're the only employee this has ever happened to and I want you to know you are not because here's the thing we are human we are messy we misunderstand we misinterpret and we unintentionally offend let's be honest sometimes we just have bad days and sometimes so do they and those things create tension and clashing and conflict and that's hard but that's part of being human and this also means that sometimes we hurt each other even at work and while of course we again I'm not trying to condone bad behavior or say like let it happen like that's not the point we should be trying to improve but I don't want 99 of your awesome work to be completely shadowed and undermined by a complaint and so that's why I'm putting so much emphasis on the like give yourself Grace part now if you get told hey somebody complained about you or hey there's a conflict with a co-worker and you're brought in to your boss's office to talk about it number one don't get defensive don't blame shift things like that I will say explain the situation from your side sometimes there's perspective that needs to be given sometimes the person who complained didn't tell the whole story so I think if you can in a calm manner share your understanding but also if you know you had a bad day on the fact that you were probably not in the best place own the fact that this was not your best behavior or that you were already mad at yourself about it like that's the honest truth don't get defensive own your part but explain anything that maybe was left out if you can apologize ask if you can apologize to the person ask if you can call them up basically ask if there's any ways you can remedy the situation and if they say you're getting written up for this sort of thing this is a really key one stay with me here if they say you're getting written up what most places won't tell you is that if you're getting like a a write-up a letter in your file for HR you can write a rebuttal you can write your side of the story once they've written yours so ask your supervisor can I write a rebuttal to the letter that's going in my file I will be extremely transparent right now I got written up once for something and I fully owned part of it was my fault not my finest moment but part of what was said in that file was not the whole truth it did not give context to everything and so I wanted my side to be stated too and so I added it I added in my part just to show like hey there are two sides to this story so just know you can say something but HR will rarely tell you that you're allowed to so I want you to know you can say something on your side ask if you can put your side into the file and then here's the big thing and honestly maybe we should have started here but you're gonna have to give it time but your reputation can be changed this is a huge thing to me I hate I already kind of said this once I hate that a lot of times work will Define or we will feel defined at work by one mistake by one time something happened with somebody or something that happened once one year and something that happened once two years later and yet the two years of daily work and awesome reviews and awesome success stories gets washed away by two people and this is why I have a huge huge hard time with anyone on Instagram or Facebook or YouTube or wherever being like your reputation is all that you have and you do not want to ruin it never ruin your reputation well of course no one seeks out to ruin their reputation right but the second you make a mistake now we're like oh my reputation is ruined everybody hates me I am now defined by this moment and I have a really hard time with that because that's soul crushing because you feel like you can't come back from it and I promise you you can it's gonna take time and it means you need to grow as an individual but I want you to know your reputation is not roomed you can still do a really good job depending on the place it might be a warning sign that you probably should start looking elsewhere but it doesn't have to Define you for all time and so I want you to know that if you are someone who's made a mistake at work that's really the point of this video I want you to know that you are not alone you are not the first person who's made a mistake at work you will not be the last because we are messy people and you can move on from it and you can improve as a person and your reputation is not destroyed forever and there will still be somebody else who hires you and you can still get a promotion and you can still be looked at as a valuable member of the team you're just not perfect and that's okay so that's today's video a little bit different over here but it was something I really wanted to talk about if you are willing I would love for you in the comments to share any mistakes you made at work and if you resolve them don't give you know you don't have to give details that are too raw but I think it can really help people know that they're not alone they're not the only one I one time confided in a friend that I got talked to about something at work and then I found out she'd been talked to about her tone multiple times and I'm like you have like you've never told me that so I want to normalize this idea that nobody is perfect at work we all have things we can work on that's it for today if you want more information on things in the workplace you might want to go watch this video on quiet quitting and I'll see you in the next one bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @CassThompsonConsulting [110 likes]: If you want to know that you and I are not the only ones who have made work mistakes, read all these comments below. Thank you everyone for being so open and sharing your own mistakes. They are a part of life! We're not alone!
  2. @mahdiehnakheinezhad8505 [6 likes]: I made a mistake and today I have realized that I did! I feel so stressed because I am not new at my job and I guess I didn't expect to be blind sided at this point! Your video and comments helped me to consider the fact that mistakes happen! And I am not alone!
  3. @vixenmmh [1 likes]: So basically take accountability
  4. @diplomatsafe [1 likes]: I made a terrible mistake at work that involves money, and ive just wasted all of my 22 years in a management position.  Regrettably, i cannot turn back time and correct it anymore. One mistake, and it felt like im the worst person on earth. I've resigned, and probably i'd just watch sunsets everday, living off with measly amount of savings i have left.   Still, thanking God for everything
  5. @ZapWern: I made a mistake at my work today and I've been working on the job for more 2 months. I feel like I'm incompetent and  a failure.
  6. @destrianandasafa685: I unconsciously make a mistake at work. So I have a friend from different team, but we're still in the same division. I told him that I had many spare time cuz my workload is little nowadays. Little did I know that actually my team and his team had a beef bcz they think their workload is too big and want to share some workload to my team but my editor reject iy said that our staff already had many workload. The problem is, he leaks that chat to his team and now they mad at my team. I think I just make this beef bigger by saying I got too much spare time. I'm really stressed right now because I feel unprofessional and talk too much, which makes it hard for me to separate my personal and professional relationships. In the end, I'm causing a rift between the two teams😩😩😩
  7. @salwadoll9844: I made a very stupid mistake due to mental overload worrying about some family issues and i fixed it immediately but i know i will be judged for it , I wish i can be at peace again in my work wish everyone safe productive days at work ❤
  8. @Psalm91-x8q: I’m late to the post.  Today I realized I scheduled someone for the wrong time at work for a speaker- long story short, I had to call the speaker to see if they could shift.  I am juggling a lot at work and the person requesting the speaker asked to change the time snd I forgot to update the calendar.  I apologized and now just leaving it in God’s hand.  I had been dealing with extreme exhaustion.
  9. @fujimotochiaki2487: I got in more trouble for fixing/rectifying a mistake. Twice.
  10. @babysealsareyummy: An RFQ that was forwarded to me completely slipped though the cracks on my end. It’s due this coming Wednesday. I feel like I’m going to vomit 🫠
  11. @phenstep: I made a mistake last night.😢😢
  12. @maddyv2603: today i made a mistake at work and i work in veterinary medicine. this video helped me a lot and also reading the comments🤍
  13. @GodEmperorofMankind9: I work fast food and was filleting chicken. It's my second job (still in highschool) and my first in fast food. I'm two and a half months in. Anyway I thought I did everything right and I did. On the Filleting. But then I had to restock the cabinets and I thought I did that right but apparently missed a few items. I also got some things stickers messed up but that was minor. I keep beating myself up over it for some reason
  14. @EvangeliumDiSilenti: I made a big people mistake today. I was not thinking clearly as it was a fast paced moment in the day and one of my coworkers caused me a great frustration. Now i am terrified to go to work tomorrow.
  15. @denisewarburton1204: Thank you,🙂 I needed to hear this. I'm having a ruff time and appreciate your video
  16. @thewildflowerdiaries2706: Made a mistake at work today and I'm feeling pretty shaken about it. Own up to it, but now I'm stuck waiting for feedback.Anyone got tips on how to keep going with my day? How do you guys deal with this anxiety?
  17. @area41tv: I researched for a video with this very information due to a 5-person call or inquisition as I call it I am having today. I got a lot out of this video, thank you.
  18. @revontulet: I mistranslated a document from the mayor of my city. I did email an apology, but I think my coworkers now won’t trust me and would rather us AI tools 😢
  19. @gabps.: My boss overreacts and starts getting personal. Today I made a mistake, apologized for it and tried to fix as much as I could right away. But he kept saying "why have you done that??? And in my birthday, this is my birthday gift". So even though I know it's something human, the way he reacts makes me feel like I'm so incompetent. Is very awful.
  20. @averygaietysalvar7795: I made some mistakes at work and still thinking how to confess those things. There will be consequences. Hoping I'm going to be regular employee after that 🥺

- Rude Guest Throws Money in Daisy's Face | Season 3 | Below Deck Sailing Yacht: Kind: captions Language: en give us six shots of coffee padron okay sure six shots chill it up don't chill look nice i'm gonna go skinny dip and i'm going in the water every time dino guys talks to me i just all right have a good one chaps see you in the morning here you go are these espresso martini shots it's cafe patron no you i'm not yeah yo let's go up top there's no music up there yeah they can put the music i'll put the music in there there's no music up there daisy can we get this music upstairs can we go on the guy bridge yes i'll set i'll put it up there baby she's gonna put this music upstairs for us sorry can someone start carrying the table i'll start calling the table i think it's nice i'll have the azul would you like that on the raw yes i would we just need some music we need a blanket they got blankets right hello help i'm pedro he's like my girlfriend can i get some music and and blankets we're getting tequila you want the camera to kill us you want to cast that three minutes chris you want to cast azul not really but then give us three then i want a blanket of music oh then why don't we go on upstairs because it's nicer it's cold my wife's not like i don't know there's nobody there's nobody on this boat what's up come over here pedro yeah i think they're going to be up for a while they're going to be up for ages you ready it's time there she is she's got a blanket for you this is all fallen on you i feel terrible for you that's okay i don't mind i don't know but you're gonna be a million places at once it's not enough you want me to make you a drink okay can we change the bartender please he doesn't know what he's doing if you give me a second i'll be down in a moment i'm just trying to sort the music out i need a shot of sambuca i want to dance i can't get this thing this should connect i'm getting i'm totally aggravated with the whole crew do you want me to try and play it through the speaker if you don't make this work right now come on help me out man we want to hear a little music before we go to bed with the you get me really busy oh my god espresso martini couple espressos oh my gosh all right let's service up let's go don't leave i'm baby don't leave no i'm i'm done this came to an abrupt ending daisy here yes that's for the aggravation for tonight no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no honestly i can't except we take that 100 euro note and shove it so far off his hole we got thrown out of here he has no cost no manners and he's a who doesn't deserve his wife i'm paying 60 thousand dollars 60 000 penny [Music] you

  Top Comments:
  1. @boatfan57: Guests should not be putting their hands on the crew or just throw money at them. Rich but classless idiots.
  2. @DianaB888-x5z: I don’t get it.  You are guests on the boat, regardless of how much you paid. Why are they so ridiculously rude and the behaviour is dreadful.  Not class at all.
  3. @Triple265: surely the women are told NOT to wear high heels?? they ruin the decking
  4. @benjohnson5505: These scum need to learn manners
  5. @jaytorr6701: The guests were white trash. But at the same time the staff is useless. I have been on much cheaper yacht holidays, and the staff was 10 times more accommodating and attending. The couple on the deck wanted blankets to enjoy the deck, don't know how many times he asked. They wanted some music on the deck, she could not make it happen. Run out of ice.. If indeed the cost is 30k per day, anyone who hires them is being ripped off.
  6. @yarrayarra3731: This is why we have maritime law
  7. @colinsaunders7450: i loved the episode where captain sandy told a whole bunch of obnoxious guests the owner of the yacht dont need their money & for the guests to show the crew more respect,
  8. @colinsaunders7450: being rich dont make you a respectful person..those guys just showed how trashy they really are...
  9. @andrewmaloney5646: Bunch of  goofballs pretending to be rich.. this show is about as stupid as Sister Wives
  10. @jessijamesguitars7502: No please no thank you, trailer trash.
  11. @pixiejemm: Have they never heard of please and thank you
  12. @gymkanadriftsports: Typical yanks totally disrespectful.
  13. @DistressedVicountess: These people are worse than animals.
  14. @Daftboy-jx7kt: She took the money..soooo..:face-green-smiling:
  15. @jasperdalesamaniego3407: Throw it in this direction.... Meaning "MY" direction! 😂😂😂😂😂









But seriously... That's rude
  16. @Ashley-z3n: I thought they weren't allowed shoes on board
  17. @tedfaun2159: Bad behaviour. Also true that there should have been more crew to help. I would be annoyed too if i'd paid 60k and felt like the night was prematurely ending because of short staff. Would never do that though.
  18. @mariancounsellor: Daisy is my second favourite Chief Stew after Hannah. She didn’t deserve that! Being rich and drunk is no excuse for bad behaviour!
  19. @happydays7143: I think I would be expecting music and blankets for $60000!!!!!
  20. @anthonyd975: Women who wouldn't b without them men if no money😂😂😂😂

- How Falling Behind Can Get You Ahead | David Epstein | TEDxManchester: Kind: captions Language: en so I'd like to talk about the development of human potential and I'd like to start with maybe the most impactful modern story of development many of you here have probably heard of the 10,000 hours rule maybe you even model your own life after it basically it's the idea that to become great in anything takes 10,000 hours of focused practice so you'd better get started as early as possible the poster child for this story is Tiger Woods his father famously gave him a putter when he was 7 months old at 10 months he started imitating his father's swing at 2 you can go on YouTube and see him on national television fast-forward to the age of 21 he's the greatest golfer in the world quintessential $10,000 story another that features a number of best-selling books is that of the three polgár sisters whose father decided to teach them chess in a very technical manner from a very early age and really he wanted to show that with a head start and focused practice any child could become a genius in anything and in fact two of his daughters went on to become Grandmaster chess players so when I became the science writer at Sports Illustrated magazine I got curious if there's 10,000 hours rules correct then we should see that elite athletes get a head start in so-called deliberate practice this is coached error-correction focused practice not just playing around and in fact when scientists study elite athletes they see that they spend more time in deliberate practice not a big surprise but they actually when they actually track athletes over the course of their development the pattern looks like this the future elites actually spend less time early on in deliberate practice in their eventual sport they tend to have what scientists call a sampling period where they try a variety of physical activities they gain broad general skills they learn about their interests and abilities and delay specializing until later than peers who plateau at lower levels and so when I saw that I said gosh that doesn't really comport with the 10,000 hours rule does it so I started to wonder about other domains that we associate with obligatory early specialization like music turns out the patterns often similar this is research from a world-class music of me and what I want to draw your attention to is this the exceptional musicians didn't start spending more time into the practice than the average musicians until their third instrument they too tended to have a sampling period even musicians we think of as famously precocious like yo-yo ma he had a sampling period he just went through it more rapidly than most musicians do nonetheless this research is almost entirely ignored and much more impactful is the first page of the book Battle Hymn of the tiger mother where the author recounts assigning her daughter violin nobody seems to remember the part later in the book where her daughter turns to her and says you picked it not me and largely quits so having seen this sort of surprising pattern in sports and music I started to wonder about domains that affect even more people like education an economist found a natural experiment in the higher ed systems of England and Scotland in the period he studied the systems were very similar except in England students had to specialize in their mid teen years to pick a specific course of study to apply to ORS in Scotland they could keep trying things in university if they wanted to and his question was who wins the trade-off the early or the late specialized errs and what he saw was that the early specialized jump out to an income lead because they have more domain-specific skills the late specialized errs get to try more different things and when they do pick they have better fit or what economists call match quality and so their growth rates are faster by six years out they erased that income gap meanwhile the early specialized errs start quitting their career tracks in much higher numbers essentially because they were made to choose so early that they more often made poor choices so the late specialized errs losing the short term and win in the long run I think if we thought about career choice like dating we might not pressure people to settle down quite so quickly so this got me interested seeing this pattern again in exploring the developmental backgrounds of people whose work I had long admired like Duke Ellington who shunned music lessons as a kid to focus on baseball and painting and drawing or Maruyama Mirza Connie who wasn't interested in math as a girl dreamed of becoming a novelist and went on to become the first and so far only woman to win the Fields Medal the most prestigious prize in the world in math Vincent van Gogh had five different careers each of which he deemed his true calling before flaming out spectacularly and in his late 20s picked up a book called the guide to the ABCs of drawing that worked out okay Claude Shannon was an electrical engineer at the University of Michigan who took a philosophy course just to fulfill a requirement and in it he learned about a near century-old system of logic by which true and false statements could be coded as ones and zeros and solved like math problems this led to the development of binary code which underlies all of our digital computers today for finally my own sort of role model Frances Hesselbein this is me with her she took her first professional job at the age of 54 it went on to become the CEO of the Girl Scouts which she saved she tripled minority membership added a hundred and thirty thousand volunteers and this is one of the proficiency badges that came out of her tenure it's binary code for girls learning about computers today Frances runs a Leadership Institute where she works every weekday in Manhattan and she's only a hundred and four so who knows what's next we never really hear developmental stories like this do we we don't hear about the research that found a Nobel laureate scientists are 22 times more likely to have a hobby outside of work as our typical scientists we never hear that even when the performers of the work is very famous we don't hear these developmental stories for example here's an athlete I've followed here he is at age six wearing a Scottish rugby kid now he tried some tennis some skiing wrestling his mother was actually a tennis coach but she declined to coach him because he wouldn't return balls normally he did some basketball table tennis swimming when his coaches wanted to move him up a level to play with older boys he declined because he just wanted to talk about pro wrestling after practice with his friends and he kept trying more sports handball volleyball soccer badminton skateboarding so who is this dabbler this is Roger Federer every bit as famous as an adult as Tiger Woods and yet even tennis enthusiasts don't usually know anything about his developmental story why is that even though it's the norm I think it's partly because the Tiger story is very dramatic but also because it seems like this tidy narrative that we can extrapolate to anything that we want to be good at in our own lives but that I think is a problem because it turns out that many Golf is a uniquely horrible model of almost everything that humans want to learn Golf is the epitome of what the psychologist Robin Hogarth called a kind learning environment kind learning environments have next steps and goals that are clear rules that are clear and never change when you do something to get feedback that is quick and accurate work next year will look like work last year chess also a kind learning environment the grandmasters advantage is largely based on knowledge of recurring patterns which is also why it's so easy to automate on the other end of the spectrum are wicked learning environments where next steps and goals may not be clear rules may change you may or may not get feedback when you do something it may be delayed it may be inaccurate and work next year may not look like work last year so which one of these sounds like the world we're increasingly living in in fact our need to think in an adaptable manner and to keep track of interconnecting parts has fundamentally changed our perception so that when you look at this diagram the central circle on the right probably looks larger to you because your brain is drawn to the relationship of the parts in the whole whereas someone who hasn't been exposed to modern work with its requirement for adaptable conceptual thought will see correctly that the central circles are the same size so here we are in the wicked work world and they're sometimes hyper specialization can backfire badly for example in research in a dozen countries that matched people for their parents years of education their test scores their own years of Education the difference was some got career focused education and some got broader general education the pattern was those who got the career focused education are more likely to be hired right out of training more likely to make more money right away but so much less adaptable in a changing work world that they spend so much less time in the workforce over all that they win in the short term and lose in the long run or consider a famous 20-year study of experts making geopolitical and economic predictions the worst forecasters were the most specialized experts those who'd spent their entire careers studying one or two problems and came to see the whole world through one lens or mental model some of them actually got worse as the accumulated experience and credentials the best forecasters were simply right people with wide-ranging interests now in some domains like medicine increasing specialization has been both inevitable and beneficial no question about it and yet it's been a double-edged sword a few years ago one of the most popular surgeries in the world for knee pain was tested in a placebo controlled trial some of the patients got sham surgery that means the surgeons make an incision they bang around like they're doing something then they sew the patient back up that performed just as well and yet surgeons who specialize in the procedure continue to do it by the millions so if hyperspecialization isn't always the trick in a wicked world what is that can be difficult to talk about because it doesn't always look like this path sometimes it looks like meandering or zigzagging or keeping a broader view it can look like getting behind but I want to talk about what some of those tricks might be if we look at research on technological innovation it shows that increasingly the most impactful patents are not authored by individuals who drill deeper deeper deeper into one area of technology as classified by the US Patent Office but rather by teams that include individuals who have worked across a large number of different technology classes and often merged things from different domains someone whose work I've admired who was sort of on the forefront of this a Japanese man named gunpei Yokoi Yokoi didn't score well in his electronics exams at school so he had to settle for a low tier job as a machine maintenance worker at a playing card company in Kyoto he realized he wasn't equipped to work on the cutting edge but that there was so much information easily available that maybe he could combine things that were already well-known in ways that specialists were too narrow to see so he combines some well-known technology from the calculator industry with some well-known technology from the credit-card industry and made handheld games and they were hit and it turned this playing card company which was founded in a wooden storefront in the 19th century into a toy and game operation you may have heard of it it's called Nintendo yokoi's creative philosophy translated to lateral thinking with whithered technology taking well-known technology and using it in new ways and his magnum opus was this the gameboy technological joke in every way and it came out at the same time as color competitors from Sega and Atari and it blew them away because Yokoi knew what his customers cared about wasn't color it was durability portability affordability battery life game selection this is mine that I found in my parents basement seen better days but you can see the red light is on I flipped it on and played some Tetris which I thought was especially impressive because the batteries had expired in 2007 and 2013 so this breadth advantage holds in more subjective realms as well in a fascinating study of what leads some comic book creators to be more likely to make blockbuster comics a pair of researchers found that it was neither the number of years of experience in the field nor the resources of the publisher nor the number of previous comics made it was the number of different genres that a creator had worked across and interestingly abroad individual could not be entirely replaced by a team of specialists we probably don't make as many of those people as we could because early on they just look like they're behind and we don't tend to incentivize anything that doesn't look like a head start or specialization in fact I think in the well-meaning drive for a head start we often even counter productively short circuit even the way we learn new material at a fundamental level in study last year 7th grade math classrooms in the US were randomly assigned to different types of learning some got what's called blocked practice that's like you get problem type a aaaa bbbbb and so on progress is fast kids are happy everything's great other classrooms got assigned to what's called interleaved practice that's like if you took all the problem types and threw them in a hat and drew them out at random progress is slower kids are more frustrated but instead of learning how to execute procedures they're learning how to match a strategy to a type of problem and when the test comes around the interleaved group blew the block practice group away wasn't even close now I found a lot of this research deeply counterintuitive the idea that a head start whether in picking a career or a course of study or just in learning new material sometimes undermine long-term development and naturally I think there are as many ways to succeed as there are people but I think we tend only to incentivize and encourage the tiger path when increasingly in a wicked world we need people who travel the roger path as well or is the eminent physicist and mathematician and wonderful writer Freeman Dyson put it and he Dyson passed away yesterday so I hope I'm doing his words honor here as he said for a healthy ecosystem we need both birds and frogs frogs are down in the mud seeing all the granular details the birds are soaring up above not seeing those details but integrating the knowledge of the frogs and we need both the problem Dyson said is that we're telling everyone to become frogs and I think in a wicked world that's increasingly short-sighted thank you very much you

  Top Comments:
  1. @amrutaa2723 [12 likes]: Unique surname
  2. @va1xakh [12 likes]: David WHAT?!
  3. @dekxi-py [6 likes]: The good Epstein
  4. @isaaczacroland [2 likes]: Im 27, no driver’s license, no diploma, i feel so left behind.
  5. @thomasbeheard [2 likes]: There are no “ahead” or “behind”, we are on our own paths
  6. @Pho2-TheArtist [2 likes]: As someone who is 15, I'm glad I found this so early on so I could try out more stuff <3
  7. @akhribabderahmane2405 [1 likes]: I already failed two years in college I'm in 3rd year I'm getting stressed till getting illness and fever... I felt like I was Left behind any tips to overcome this
  8. @odettebalog6214 [1 likes]: You need to pay attention to what happens inside your head. My default thinking is "I am useless", which causes an action paralysis in moments when I really need to find a solution.
  9. @marlineolney8166 [1 likes]: This video slapped my confusion right out of me.
  10. @snoozyq9576 [1 likes]: I felt anxious and behind for years. Then I realised I don't need to be anywhere in particular. I've felt better since then.
  11. @leminh1899: David, a really great person, unlike his surname
  12. @stutisharma7291: I will be starting an undergrad degree at the age of 22 and it’s a 5.5 year degree. I feel like my life is over, and I am too late. I had so much to do, things didn’t go as planned. I thought I’d be studying abroad at 19, new country, new people, new me. But everything changed, it did not go as planned. I had to drop the idea because I couldn’t make it there, and start fresh in my homecountry. Since, we have to compete here in order to get good colleges, and it’s no money game like yk it is abroad, i have to start over the things I thought I’d be leaving behind,again. Rn I am scared to take another drop year( I already took 2 while waiting for the abroad dream after finishing senior HS ) life did not go as planned, and rn I feel like this is the end of my world, that I’ll still be completing undergrad while my peers will be enrolled into master programs, ahead of me…
  13. @Bloomio95: Don’t have ADHD, but wondered if I have it for the last year, because the last three years I felt immense brain fog and lack of focus, not ever really wanting to do the thing I was supposed to do. I pulled through, but it was tough. Now I realised after quitting (or massively downregulating) social media with screenzen, my focus is through the roof. It even went to unhealthy levels, as I need to remind myself to drink and go to the toilet. Single best thing I could have done. In a couple months, I dissolved my social and performance anxiety and body pain. I truly feel much better at 30 than I have at 25 and definitely more capable. Second best thing, I got sharpened the vision of my future and am now much more interested in learning new technologies and actually starting projects instead of procrastinating and feeling overwhelmed. I’m still interested in many many things and want to improve many things about myself, which makes my days super full with applying for jobs, learning new skills, working on the projects, working on myself, building the life I want to lead and doing a variety of sports disciplines. God, what will happen if kids come around

Any advice on that?
  14. @kafilcodes: humans do need broader knowledge !
  15. @ssrajamouli-q3x: Any doctors here who were forced to study medicine because you were smart in high school and did not know what to do in life? I'm dreading my job everyday and it would be great if someone shared a non clinical career which requires my medical degree and also pay well for my student debts 🥲
  16. @Lorraine70: Beyonce started off young and now she's a billionaire
  17. @ciaofficial1723: 28 Failed attempt at abroad , broke still living with my parents , enrolled now as a freshman college
  18. @atahanyldrm1926: I am 29 and I finished college at 27 because of psychological issues between ages 21 and 25. I worked at a very small company for 2 years and now I am jobless. Now I feel that I am so behind in life. I blame myself so much for it. I keep getting the ideas that if I was stronger, I would have a so much better life now and in the future. I am having anxiety attacks constantly because of this. I feel like it is all over for me.
  19. @SMD24: From a person being deported to America within the 1 child rule policy, well my education became a tragedy and unfortunately it takes a bachelors/on the job training to finally see how education makes sense and what the purpose is which is by utilizing knowledge and not fail at the job. Like a puppy, everything was hard, having to learn new language, words, math, reading useless science and social studies in a nutshell not only but my brain wasn't that big nor intelligent. And so in a situation elementary and middle-high is useless in a situation especially for the people who's been deported in a tragedy. I'd say bypass and straightup to a university sadly. Anyways, I was a fallen behind person but went tremendously ahead all because of a bachelor's in media in a nutshell alongside with some helpful tragedy electives. Workplace wise, its a tragedy because the city of pple doesnt know me. In a small town, its easier in a nutshell. It's sad that it takes family pple and workplace pple for education workplace meeting. Overall, the consequence of being deported in a situation
  20. @busybraintutorials4573: I dropped out of uni just before the beginning of final year. I was so lost and didn't know what I wanted to do with life, but during the time I was away from school, I made discoveries about myself that I wouldn't have made otherwise. I got closer to my dad, who has now become my best friend and a huge pillar in my life. 
I returned the next session, despite feeling behind, and I completed my degree. It was different when I went back- I became a straight A student iny final year and it was such a fulfilling experience for both me and my dad when I finished uni.

I am currently freelancing as a digital marketing specialist and just hit a new career roadblock, but I know that I'll figure it out after a while, and this video is a pretty good motivation to keep striving, despite feeling behind everyday❤

- How to Cross a Boat Wake Safely | Boating Tips from The Boat House Group: Kind: captions Language: en Hey guys, Tim at the boat house. Today we're going to pass along what I call Tim's tidbits. And today is going to be how to properly cross a wake. So obviously the idea is you want to minimize the event as much as possible. So take it as far back from the vessel that is making the wake. And remember, we're crossing across it. We're not going to try to launch over it and we're not going to try to stay in it. So cut through at about a 45°ree angle, give or take. Don't slow down. Don't speed up. Maintain your cruising speed. just cut through at an angle because all that's going to do is cause you to literally skim over the top. If you come to a stop, you're going to set down in it. You might end up riding it out or if you get too much in the middle, you're going to surf it. You're going to get kind of caught in the middle. It's going to force you to kind of stay behind the boat that you're trying to avoid the wake. So, if you just cut through at a 45, stay up on plane. You'll end on the other side nice and safe and enjoy the rest of the day of your boating. And we'll see you out there.

  Top Comments:
  1. @stephenseils1839: Thank you for this advice.  Keep them posted

- Experience Albany in The Bahamas: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] yeah

- DETECTIVES JUST FOUND IT: 2.8 Miles From The Boat — Lynette Hooker's FINAL Location EXPOSED: Kind: captions Language: en 30 days on the clock and we still haven't found a single trace of Lynette Hooker. No clothing, no remains, nothing to prove she actually entered the water she supposedly fell into. We know why. And the locals who live on that water, they know why, too. One journalist spent 5 days on the ground in the Bahamas and returned with a map and a location we haven't released. Somebody covered their tracks well. What was found 2.8 nautical miles north of the boat Soulmate might be the answer we've been hunting 30 days for. I have to be clear, Brian Hooker has not been charged with a crime and denies all wrongdoing. Before we go further, subscribe and stay with us. What this journalist found in the mangroves changes the entire timeline. This is investigative reporting and expert analysis. It is not an official finding from any law enforcement agency yet. There are missing persons cases and then there are the ones that just haunt you. Not because the story is unique. Disappearances happen with devastating regularity, but what makes a case break through is something much harder to define. It is a feeling that settles in fast and just refuses to lift. You get the sense the official story is structurally flawed. It feels like a scale with weight on one side and nothing on the other. No one prays for that feeling, but families who live it understand something the rest of us only observe from the outside. When a case gets this kind of public attention, the investigation starts to move very differently. Silent witnesses finally start coming forward. Details we quietly set aside suddenly become impossible to explain in public. The pressure from coverage is not the same thing as justice, but it keeps justice from falling asleep. In the Lynette Hooker case, that pressure arrived naturally without us needing to manufacture any momentum. This story already had everything it needed right inside it. A 55-year-old mother from Michigan 10 years into retirement with her husband. From the outside, it looked like a dream. A 40-ft sailboat named Soulmate, social media posts full of sunsets and snorkeling, a life that broadcast contentment to anyone watching. Then, on the evening of April 4th, 2026, it all ended. Just a short dinghy ride across a shallow lagoon she knew well. She was an experienced swimmer and sailor. Her own daughter told her she would never just fall off a boat, but she was gone. The story jumped from the sailing community to national headlines within days, driven by questions that just refused to go away. The husband's account of that night kept showing inconsistencies. And that water is simply the wrong kind for taking someone permanently. There was one detail the family shared with us that eventually went public. She had bought a one-way ticket home. She was leaving, but she vanished before she could board that plane. Beneath it all was a geographic impossibility we kept hitting. What exactly does it take for a body to just disappear in the Sea of Abaco? The lagoon is shallow, clear, and enclosed. We ran grid searches and full drift analysis. The Coast Guard flew overhead, dive teams worked the bottom, and we still have nothing. That means either the story of where she went in is wrong, or we were never searching the right place. That is the question Ashley Banfield went to Elbow Cay to answer, spending 5 days measuring distances and talking to the locals. These people know those waters better than anyone who arrives from the mainland. She came back with a specific location, a specific distance, and the willingness to put her name on both. The map she drew points north, and that is exactly where you and I are going today. The Sea of Abaco is not the kind of water where people vanish and stay missing. It is a roughly 100-km saltwater lagoon separating Great Abaco from the barrier cays, with Elbow Cay on the east. Shallow everywhere, only a few meters deep in most spots, with areas where boats drawing 4 ft are warned off entirely. The carbonate shelf is just that close to the surface and no runoff enters from the surrounding islands. The water is completely saline and remarkably clear. On a calm afternoon, you can see the floor without even leaning over the rail. This is a marine highway, not a wilderness. Ferries run it daily along with charter boats and local traffic. The Sea of Abaco is watched and known. When Lynette was reported missing at approximately 4:00 a.m. on April 5th. The report didn't come in until 4:00 a.m. Though the incident happened the previous evening. Our multi-agency response was immediate. The Royal Bahamas Police, the Defense Force, and the Hope Town Volunteer Fire and Rescue all assisted in our search. The Coast Guard conducted aerial sweeps while drift analysis experts ran models based on the time Brian provided. That data gave us the foundation for the search as my team tried to find any sign of Lynette in those waters. We focused on the location near Aunt Pat's Bay, analyzing the tidal patterns and documented currents across that lagoon on the night of April 4th. Every simulation yielded identical results. Had Lynette entered the water exactly where Brian claimed, physics dictates she would have drifted toward the Sea of Abaco or its eastern coastline. Our search team swept that entire zone and found nothing. Stick with me because some people offered a very simple explanation. Sharks. The Abacos are home to some of the most vibrant reef systems in the Atlantic teeming with diverse marine life. It is a fair question, but here is the truth. The Sea of Abaco is not a hunting ground for open ocean predators. This shallow low salinity lagoon simply does not attract the great whites or tiger sharks known for the complete consumption of a body. Even in those rare instances where shark predation occurs in the open sea, forensic evidence consistently proves that clothing fragments and biological traces eventually surface and wash up along the shoreline. Our investigative teams conducted exhaustive searches covering every predicted drift zone with absolute precision. We found absolutely nothing. No clothing, no physical remains, not even a single fragment of evidence. The shark theory collapses when you consider the total lack of trace material in a lagoon searched by air and dive teams. What this lack of physical evidence tells us and what our experts finally concluded is that Lynette Hoeker was never in the water we were searching. We moved our focus to solid ground solely because the open water provided us with no leads. This was no administrative move. Professionals only redirect to land when they suspect the subject was never in the water at all. That strategic pivot is exactly where our investigation truly begins. The water offered no answers. The question was where we should look next. Brian Hoeker claimed to police that he and Lynette left the Abaco Inn at approximately 7:30 p.m. that night. They took their 8-ft dinghy across the Sea of Abaco toward their vessel, the Soulmate, anchored near Tahiti Beach at Aunt Pat's Bay. He described a rapid decline in conditions reporting 20-knot winds and increasingly choppy, dangerous water. A sudden gale caught them. He claimed Lynette was steering when she was simply bounced right out of the boat. The safety lanyard went overboard with her, instantly killing the engine. He says he dropped anchor, lost an oar pin, and threw a cushion she never grabbed. He alleged the wind separated them so quickly that he completely lost sight of her just 10 minutes after the sun had finished setting. He shouted, silence followed. He claimed he eventually paddled and drifted across the water to Marsh Harbor. He finally reached the boatyard in the early hours of Sunday morning, located a witness on the dock, and reported his wife missing. Police were not notified until 4:00 a.m. That gap between the incident and the report covers nearly the entire night. His story was simple, and together we are going to watch it fall apart. Surveillance footage we pulled clearly shows the couple leaving the Inn and heading for the dock around 6:38 p.m. Not 7:30. On that specific evening, the sun did not set on Elbow Cay until 7:26 p.m. That time discrepancy is much more than a simple rounding error. If the couple left at 6:38, they were on the water in clear late afternoon daylight, not the heavy descending darkness that Brian's account requires. His whole narrative depends on the specific claim that visibility on the water was extremely poor. That the sun was gone, and that the darkness and currents conspired to pull them apart in an instant. But at 6:38 p.m. on April 4th, there was no poor visibility. It was golden hour, and the lagoon was well-lit. As Jim Todd told investigators, you simply do not lose sight of a person in the sea of Abaco under those conditions. Todd was a first responder who helped Brian onto the search boat the next morning. He knew those waters well. His assessment was blunt. The chaotic conditions Brian described did not exist at 6:38 p.m. on a clear April evening. Now, you and I have to address that 9-hour gap, which Brian Hooker has never explained to our satisfaction. He claims he spent those hours paddling, drifting, and calling out for her. He says he fired flares from the dinghy, and that the anchor lines tangled. His story supposedly accounts for the entire night. Yet it fails to explain why a man who just lost his wife didn't seek out the nearest boat, or any inhabited structure to call for professional help at the earliest possible moment. The Coast Guard, the police. Search and rescue teams could have been deployed within the hour. Instead, the call did not come through until 4:00 in the morning. You and I are looking at a massive unexplained gap in time that the investigation has not yet publicly accounted for. This departure time holds a second darker implication. Carly Allsworth was adamant that her mother never piloted the dinghy. Operating that outboard was always Brian's responsibility, never Lynette's. Brian's statement places Lynette at the helm specifically because his story requires the person at the controls to be the one who falls. If the daughter's account of their habits on the water is accurate, then the foundations of this case begin to crumble. The mechanics of her driving and somehow bouncing into the sea do not hold together under a professional investigative lens. Carly raised another point in an interview that simply does not fit into Brian's version of what happened that night. As a Marine, he was trained to handle high-pressure physical emergencies and complex water operations. He was trained to function under pressure, yet he did not dive in after her. Why not stop the boat, drop the anchor, and search? The Sea of Abaco in that specific location is shallow and perfectly navigable for a rescue attempt. He describes Lynette swimming toward the sailboat, which he estimated was roughly 1,000 yd away in the dark. A military professional watching his wife of 25 years vanish into the water. That contradiction remains a major red flag for us. What we found regarding the Soulmate that night only compounds the problems with his timeline further. Brian is explicit on one point that is becoming impossible to defend. He claims they never reached the sailboat. He maintains the incident happened entirely in the dinghy and the boat sat empty and undisturbed at its mooring all night long. Multiple witnesses tell a story that directly contradicts his official account. These witnesses saw flares being fired from the direction of the Soulmate well before 9:00 p.m. on April 4th. Flares do not fire themselves. If Brian and Linette never boarded the boat and it sat empty as he says, those flares have no source in his story. Someone fired them from that boat before 9:00 p.m. And the only two people tied to the Soulmate are Brian and Linette. According to the file, Linette is supposedly in the water and Brian is allegedly paddling toward Marsh Harbour. Neither story accounts for anyone being near the Soulmate at 9:00 p.m. These witnesses are a problem the suspect cannot solve. We also reviewed surveillance footage from Love Her Quarters, which has a clear line of sight toward the Hookers anchoring zone. That footage captured what appears to be light activity. It shows a small dark object moving near the Soulmate's location during that critical window on the evening of April 4th. The graininess of the footage prevents a positive identification. It shows activity near a boat Brian insists he never approached. That is a discrepancy we simply cannot ignore as investigators. This is a detail we cannot set aside. Now, let us look at Brian's own words together. On April 7th, he made a phone call to a friend unaware that his every word was being recorded by authorities. Brian described setting off flares from his position in the dinghy after his wife supposedly disappeared into the water. The flares by then had come. I had two flares and they did not see the flares. Witnesses saw flares at the boat. Brian says he fired them from the dinghy. Those two locations simply do not match up. Something was happening at that boat that night that his story cannot explain. Authorities searched the Soulmate under a warrant targeting digital recorders, tablets, and cell phones for material evidence in a missing person case. The warrant specifically mentioned a missing person case involving the potential of causing bodily harm to the victim. That specific language is chosen carefully. You do not use the phrase causing bodily harm for an accidental drowning. It means we believe the evidence points to a crime. The data on those devices has not been released, but it likely tells a very significant story to the investigators. Both the Bohemian and Coast Guard investigations remain open. They are still reviewing those digital devices for evidence. Records show Linette was photographed at 4:30 p.m. on the day she disappeared, seen at the pool area near the Abaco Inn. She's wearing a green bathing suit cover-up and her Apple Watch is visible. This photograph was eventually recovered as key evidence. This is a critical data point for the timeline, not just an emotional detail for the family. Because that Apple Watch which she was wearing when she supposedly fell overboard was later found sitting on the Soulmate. Brian Hooker claims they walked off the Soulmate together that morning and never returned before the accident occurred. If his story holds and Linette was wearing her watch when she went overboard as that photo establishes, she had it on hours earlier. That watch should have ended up at the bottom of the sea with her. Salt water would have fried the electronics. The tide and current would have dragged it away from the scene. It could not have made its way back to a boat she supposedly never stepped on again. Yet there it is. There is simply no mechanism in any version of Brian Hooker's statements that explains how it got back there. According to his account, the boat was empty. Someone had to board after she vanished to place that watch. We spoke with her closest friend Rachel Shaw. She backed up everything Linette's mother had already told the team. In the weeks leading up to April 4th, things were not nearly as perfect as her social media suggested. She had made a choice. That one-way ticket home was not some random or spontaneous impulse. This was the result of something that had been building quietly and privately away from any camera lens. The woman in those sailing videos chasing manatees and sunsets had already decided her time there was over. The ticket was bought. She was ready to leave, but she never made it to that flight. This context is critical. It provides the motive we must address when investigating a husband's potential involvement. It links every piece of evidence together. The messy timeline and the strange activity reported on the Soul Mate. We seized the digital devices to build a clear map of what was driving events on April 4th. The final part of Brian Hook as account to fall apart was the weather. He's a very experienced local. He is not some theorist reading a chart. He was physically out there on the water that night. He told investigators that the rough conditions Brian described with heavy chop and high winds just didn't exist. The Sea of Abaco does not get that rough without a major weather system moving through the area. There was no storm on April 4th. The conditions were nothing like what Brian claimed in his report. Let's look at the cumulative weight of this. Surveillance footage proves the couple left the dock much earlier. They left nearly an hour before Brian told us. It was February broad daylight, not even close to dark. Flares go off on a boat he says was empty. An Apple Watch travels backwards through his timeline. We seized the electronics from the Soul Mate under a warrant that specifically cited evidence of serious physical harm. And the local experts who were on the water that night say the conditions Brian described were a lie. Taken alone, you might explain these things away. A bad memory or a mistake in timing, it happens. Maybe a watch just gets misplaced. But these facts aren't coming from different cases or different suspects. They all point in exactly the same direction. And none of it is consistent with a simple accident. None of this lines up with a freak accident in a shallow lagoon in the middle of the Bahamas. This was the state of the case when Ashley Banfield landed on Elbow Cay. She wasn't starting fresh. She arrived after absorbing every public detail and was convinced that a real answer was waiting to be found. She believed the very geography of the Bahamas held a secret the public had not been told yet. She went to the island to find it and she located it in a place my team hasn't cleared. 30 days in and the investigation hasn't confirmed a search there. Elbow Cay is a 5-mi barrier island. Hope Town sits at the north end. It is full of old colonial buildings and narrow paths built for pedestrians. These lanes were made for walkers and golf carts. It is a working harbor active since the 1780s. That candy-striped lighthouse towers over everything. 120 ft of red and white visible for miles. It has been guiding sailors through these waters since 1863. One of the last manual lighthouses. It is a kerosene burning light. Every sailor in the Abacos uses it to find their way home. But most tourists standing at the base of that lighthouse never look far enough to see what's beyond it. Past the village and the harbor along the northern shore of Elbow Cay, the island's character shifts entirely. The Abaco Islands are primarily composed of thick tidal mangrove swamps that sit right alongside the beaches. This is not just a side feature. It is the dominant physical reality for huge sections of the island. This is the defining feature of the landscape. A perfect place for hiding a dark secret. Most of these small cays are entirely uninhabited. Thick coastal mangroves are specifically documented as abundant along the margins bordering the Sea of Abaco. Following the northern stretches of Elbow Cay past the lighthouse, we find waterways separating the island from the shallow flats. There mangroves dominate the landscape entirely. Their dense root systems pushing deep into the waterlogged sediment. Low canopy's interlock above the channels. In the dark, you and I would find them essentially invisible from the water unless we knew exactly where they were. These aren't places boats pass through casually. They certainly aren't on any official ferry route. You won't find them near any restaurant or beach rental. Navigating those channels after dark requires specific acquired local knowledge, the kind you only get from spending years on the water in this exact place. Studying the channels by feel. Banfield approached that geography with clear intention. She walked every accessible section of that mangrove shoreline. She measured distances from the Soulmate's anchoring position, relying on the local knowledge of professionals who navigate these waters daily. She interviewed Jim Todd, a man who had been on the ground since the morning Lynette was first reported missing. She sat with Captain Ronnie Duncan and spoke to unnamed local sources who requested their identities remain confidential. These sources provided knowledge of the Abaco geography that Banfield determined to be both reliable and highly specific. Her questions covered the water, the channels, the routes, the smell, and the total isolation of those northern waterways after dark. The picture those conversations produced was consistent and specific enough that after 5 days of investigation, she was finally ready to name a location publicly. Something journalists in active criminal investigations never do without careful consideration. The location she named aligns perfectly with every verified data point we have in this case. It finally answers the geography problem created by the earliest sea of Abaco searches. It explains the lack of drift zone evidence and sits exactly 2.88 nautical miles north of where Lynette was last seen alive. Those mangrove waterways near the Hopetown lighthouse are exactly 2.88 nautical miles north of the Soulmate's anchor point. That is the precise distance Banfield confirmed through her consultation with local experts. These are professionals who navigate these waters for a living, knowing the channel depths like a city resident knows their own street. In a small outboard dinghy at normal speeds, 2.8 nautical miles takes roughly 20 to 25 minutes. Picture a dinghy leaving the Soulmate's mooring after dark, heading north along the western margin of Elbow Cay, entering the mangrove channels near the lighthouse before making its return. That entire round trip falls inside 1 hour. In the dark, small dinghy movement is completely unremarkable in channels that receive zero tourist or local traffic. These areas are confirmed to be entirely uninhabited after nightfall. We also know Brian Hooker is a former Marine. Blaine Stephenson confirmed this fact. An anonymous former neighbor described him as a man whose directness and discipline were the result of formal military training. He was someone who operated in absolute terms, prioritizing structure and This is relevant to the theory's logic. Field training teaches a very specific kind of situational assessment. We should consider how a man with that background standing at a marina with a problem to solve and a body of water to hide it would view those channels. He would recognize things an average person might miss. They are isolated, accessible, odor-masking, and have secured route systems. Those are not merely accidental coincidences of geography. These are the markers of a location that doesn't give things up. The odor is key. Mangroves produce a powerful, persistent smell of organic decay. Sulfur and decay, the chemistry of biological matter breaking down in warm, oxygen-limited water. This smell is strong enough to define the entire ecosystem from a significant distance. Experts confirmed this natural environmental odor would effectively mask any other smells in the water column or the sediment below. Not because of anything added to the scene, but because of what the environment already produces on its own. The root systems are the one element of this theory that simply will not bend under interrogation. Mangroves grow with unique prop root architecture. Thick structural roots anchor the tree into the sediment branching into dense interlocking lattices hidden deep beneath the water surface. If you walk through these waterways, the roots are everywhere creating a physical labyrinth in the sediment that has absolutely no equivalent in open water. In open water, tidal currents and shifting patterns move objects away over time. Eventually decomposition gases bring any remains toward the surface. In my line of work, open water usually gives up its secrets, but these mangrove roots, they're built to stay quiet. When evidence enters a mature root zone, it settles deep. Once it's in that lattice, the tide can't touch it. These roots form a fixed underwater vault. Anything shoved inside that structure, specifically wedged into that tangle, it stays put. We're not talking about adding weights or hardware here either. No chains or heavy weights needed. Nothing we could find later to prove someone intentionally hid it there. The roots are the trap. Nature provided the perfect hiding spot. Someone who saw this swamp as a storage locker instead of a hazard, they'd know exactly what to do. All they would need is a small boat and local knowledge. My sources on the ground confirm that much. The science behind these root zones is clear. They are documented containment fields. Even the silt down there stays still. It doesn't shift with the tides like open water sediment does. Combine that lattice with the thick sediment and you've got the perfect conditions to bury a secret. That heavy rotting smell of the swamp, it's the perfect cover. It masks anything hidden in those roots for years. It's not about being a mastermind, it's about using an environment that's biologically built to hold and obscure. This theory is built on the process of elimination. We searched the usual spots, nothing. We checked the drift zones. We gave the open sea every chance to return Lynette Hooker. It gave us back nothing. The waterways by the Hope Town lighthouse are the only places left standing after we cross everything else off. The easy access, the isolation, and that smell, it explains how a woman vanishes 30 days ago without a trace. She went missing in a shallow monitored lagoon. How do you leave no trace? The analysis here is chillingly precise. This is the conclusion. It's backed by local experts who know these waters better than any map. This isn't an official police report yet. The Royal Bahamas Police and the Coast Guard are still investigating. This case remains open and active. Right now, they haven't named a specific target for the next search. No agency has commented on the mangrove theory. Brian Hooker hasn't been charged with any crime. His lawyer is on the record, his client denies any involvement in his wife's disappearance, completely. This framework comes from deep field work. Five days on the ground talking to the people who truly know. With verified data and the fact that she's nowhere else, this isn't just a guess, it's an investigation. It's the work of someone who walked every inch of the island and sat with the local boaters. They measured the distance and confirmed just how isolated this spot really is. No one goes out there. This theory stands up to the one question every skeptic eventually asks me. Why these mangroves? Why not some other empty stretch of the coast? It's a perfect storm of factors. At 2.8 nautical miles, that distance is entirely accessible for a boat. It's isolated, no traffic, no cameras, no witnesses at night. The locals confirmed that for us. Then there's that root lattice. It acts like a cage, keeping things stationary while the ocean moves around it. That's why our drift analysis came up And then there's the smell of the swamp. The heavy scent of decomposition in the mangroves is the ultimate biological shield against detection. Plus it's right near a major landmark. Any experienced sailor could find this spot in their sleep. A person who spent months in the Abacos could find this in a dinghy in the dead of night. You have four key factors meeting at one spot just a short trip from where the boat was moored. That's what makes this solid. One factor is a coincidence. Four together, that's a lead. Finding all four factors 2.8 miles north of our focus area, that's not a coincidence anymore. She went on the record. That carries weight when you name a specific location in a case like this. You stake your reputation on it. She walked the ground and consulted the experts before going public. She did the math. Now what happens next is up to the detectives on the case. You and I have followed this since day one. Tell me your thoughts below. Where's the evidence hiding? Subscribe now. You won't want to miss it when the next piece of this investigation breaks. We aren't done yet. Stay with me as we follow the evidence for Lynette Roker. Today you and I are investigating the disappearance of Lynette Roker, who remains missing and is not yet declared dead. Early on the Royal Bahamas Police Force reclassified this case from a search and rescue to a search and recovery operation. That is a professional assessment, not a clerical one. A grim reality. It means the searchers have concluded based on water behavior and evidence that Lynette is almost certainly deceased. The United States Coast Guard criminal investigation is still active. Seized electronic devices from the Soulmate are still under review. We saw Brian Roker arrested on April 8th, held for 5 days, and interrogated as both witness and suspect. He was released on April 13th. The Bohemian prosecutor cited insufficient evidence to move forward with charges at that time. He is still a person of interest. That is something the Royal Bahamas Police Commissioner confirmed to us explicitly. His release was a matter of Bohemian legal timelines, not a resolution of the case in his favor. Our investigation continues. He returned to the United States and hired a new defense attorney named Crystal Marie E. Houwa. She is based in Grand Rapids. His stepdaughter Cally stated publicly that his decision to leave broke his promise. It flew in the face of his public statements to the media and his commitments to Linette's family. In interviews after his release, Brian said he would stay. He even canceled his initial flight home. He told reporters he had renewed his visa and swore he would never stop looking for his wife. Within 24 hours, he was on a plane to Atlanta citing a family emergency regarding his mother's health. Cally Harrisworth was blunt when asked about that move. She told the press it revealed his true character. Linette's mother Darlene Hamlet told us that her daughter had actually purchased a one-way ticket home in the weeks before she disappeared. She was leaving. She had made her choice, but she never made it to the airport for that flight. Hamlet admitted to the press early on that she was relieved when she heard about Brian's initial arrest. She had not heard from him in days. She was rushing to get an emergency passport to join the search. She described a family that grew up on the water. Boating and swimming was second nature, not foreign skills. The idea that an experienced swimmer fell off an 8-ft dinghy in a calm lagoon is hard to believe. Her mother never found that story plausible. Neither did Rachel Shore, a close friend who has now spoken out. Shore confirmed the mother's account. In the days before April 4th, Linette was not where the social media suggested. She had reached a turning point. She was ready to leave. That one-way ticket was no impulse purchase. That was a final decision. Her daughter Kaley has held her ground on this since the very first day. She does not believe her mother fell. She has raised serious allegations of physical violence and choking. She told the press, "There is a history of Brian threatening to throw Lynette overboard and a pattern of strangulation." Brian denies all claims. But she has questioned every single detail of the official account he gave to us. She's been vocal and relentless calling for a complete and honest criminal investigation into her mother's case. And she still asks the one question we cannot answer, "Where is her mother? Where is Lynette?" The Abaco Islands are beautiful. That lighthouse has been guiding vessels home since 1863. The mangroves are all dark and dense at night. They do not answer to our biology, although searching from above. If the theory is right, Lynette is in those mangroves. 30 days later, held fast by root systems that do not drift. She's hidden by an ecosystem that has been swallowing secrets long before our investigation ever began. It is a 25-minute trip from a mooring that sat silent and empty on April 4th. 2.8 nautical miles. You and I can see the distance between the official story and the evidence. Lynette Hooker is more than a headline. She was a woman who was planning to finally come home. Her mother was fighting for a passport to reach her. Her daughter refuses to stop asking the hard questions. Her friend knows she had made her choice. She had a ticket. She should have been on that plane. What do you and I think really happened on that boat? Tell us your theories in the comments. Every perspective matters. If you are not subscribed yet, do it now. When this case breaks, we will be right here. All information here comes from public records including the Drop Dead Serious podcast and other investigative sources. The Mangrove theory is an independent journalistic analysis. It is based on expert consultation, not a police finding. This is not an official finding from any law enforcement agency. As a detective, I'm making no assertions regarding any person's guilt or innocence. I am presenting this evidence for informational and documentary purposes only. If this story matters to you, share it. Visibility is what makes silent witnesses finally come forward. Which detail in this case haunts you the most? We are staying on this until Lynette is found.

  Top Comments:
  1. @jodyhallum9232 [9 likes]: Thanks to Ashley Bandfield’s trip to the island and her investigation: this is now a primal investigation!
  2. @Faiillia [5 likes]: The sea WILL give up Brian's secret, eventually....may he go to prison for murder 1.
  3. @IntrovertKing91 [4 likes]: There’s no way it took him an hour to get to the sailboat from the shore!!! 8:31
  4. @HelenABRAMSATLASACTION [3 likes]: He IS NOT A TRUE MARINE! HE MURDERED HIS WIFE. I WAS IN THE BAHAMAS WHEN. MR. BILLY CURRINGTON  RECORDED THE NOW FAMOUS SONG, "people are crazy. I am in the video, you can see only me setting next to the entire group. Mangroves hid alot. MURDER DOES NOT.  R.I.P. TO THE STILL LOVELY 😍 ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤😊ANGEL 😇  !.
  5. @LaetitiaJacobs777 [2 likes]: He has lied before and got fired for it. Personally I think he is a perfect manipulator.According to previous reports she wanted to leave him as she has done before. I have this nightmares that she is trapped under roots in shallow saltwater. 
The larnyard story also leaves a lot to question.
If she was steering the boat, how can you just bump off, if your are holding a steering object?
  6. @gilliantapper8259 [2 likes]: Well, he’s not as smart as he thinks he is.
  7. @Wen-e5y [2 likes]: We'll figure out what Brian did with Lynette❤
  8. @harperwebster5913 [2 likes]: I can picture something so horrific as her being tied to an anchor thrown overboard,ppl are pure evil when it comes to divorce and especially money.
  9. @nikki_LeMi_G [2 likes]: Did Detectives find her body yet?!
  10. @lindaross755 [1 likes]: And dumped her where the sharks were...cold.
  11. @DonnaSchaeffer-ry2em [1 likes]: Look in mangroves
  12. @DonnaSchaeffer-ry2em [1 likes]: U should have used thrbluminol fr blood
  13. @DonnaSchaeffer-ry2em [1 likes]: He made up that storey an told to SCT it out
  14. @DonnaSchaeffer-ry2em [1 likes]: I biebe Lynette set up flares fr help 3 men on het
  15. @DonnaSchaeffer-ry2em [1 likes]: She was taken on the boat an he killed her an summoned that itgr body at 9pm ft his help ro tslr her 2 men in that cost aurazza an him
  16. @suebullock9108 [1 likes]: She dies..he gets ins. She divorces..he gets 0.  She had a ticket to leave.
  17. @sfmwmca [1 likes]: Great
  18. @Gossamer6062: My heart just aches for Darlene and Carly hearing this. If he did this, what a monster!
  19. @DonnaSchaeffer-ry2em: Mangrovesvlook
  20. @sfmwmca: Bodÿ?

- Unreal Beauty That Only Boats Can Reach - InTooDeep Bahamas EP 4: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Welcome back to Into Deep. Last time on Into Deep, we left Nassau inbound for the Exuma Islands, home of some of the blest water in the world. We weathered out some wind on anchor before heading further south. This time on Into Deep, we continue our adventure deeper into the Exuma Islands where we weather out another storm on anchor, fix some minor mechanical issues, and explore some awesome spots that can only be visited by boat. As this series goes on, the videos are only getting more and more action-packed. So hop aboard, strap on your life jacket, and hit that subscribe button because episode 4 of the Too Deep Bahamas Adventure is here. All right, guys. Before we get right into it, I'd like to take a moment to talk about the sponsor of today's video, Jackie. So, you've heard me talk a lot about Jackaryi in the past, and you might be saying, "This Jackaryi looks a little bigger." Well, quit looking at my Jackary. I'm just kidding. This Jackaryi is bigger, and that's because this is the Jackaryi 1000 V2's big brother, the Jackary 2000 V2. Boasting double the output, this Jackary 2000 V2 is also a solar generator, similar to its little brother. You can charge this thing up with dual 200 W solar panels. Having the Jackaryi on board my boat is an invaluable asset because if my entire integrated power system fails, I have a reliable portable backup power system available. And if I had a home, I'd be sure to have two of these things ready to go on standby. And if one ran out of battery, well, I'd have another one ready to go. Jackary has a wide variety of backup power solutions. The other day I saw on my Facebook page that one of my subscribers ditched his fossil fuel burning generator for Jackary's 5000 plus model. So now his entire boat's power system is Jackary fueled. And by fueled I mean largely in part by the sun because remember you can charge this thing up with Jack's portable solar panels. Battery technology sure has come a long way. This Jackaryi 2000 V2 contains the smallest and the lightest 2 kWh lithium iron phosphate battery backed by Sullivan's industry report. I have already found a variety of uses for my Jackary 2000 such as powering my portable dive compressor. This just made unlimited diving a total possibility by the ability to bring my dive compressor, plug her in, just like that. And according to the Jackaryi, which is at 56%, I still have over 4 hours of compressor time and powering power tools on the go without the need to run extension cords everywhere. With hurricane season arriving and heatwave season upon us, it makes a lot of sense to have one or a couple of these ultra reliable battery backup power solutions ready to go. Whether it be for your home, RV, boat, camp, or car. So, be sure to check out Jackary's website. I'll leave the link in the description of this video so that you can go check them out for yourself. Thank you so much to Jackary for sponsoring today's video and for keeping me powered up when I need it the most. Now, let's get right into it. All right, we're pulling into the anchorage at Shroud Key. So, that is a moing field and we can anchor just south of the mooring field, sort of where that yacht's anchored. Look at that yacht. What a sweet machine that thing is right there. So beautiful here. The water's so crystal clear and blue. We're going to watch the jet ski. Oh, okay. Woohoo! We'll anchor like right over here. What a wonderful spot. All right, you want to get down there? Oh, yeah. Sweet. All right, we are anchored at Shroud Key. It is literally so so beautiful here. Look, there's a fish swimming right there. It is so nice here. So, we're anchored just south of the moing field at Shroud. It's time for the jet ski to go on the water. This is the perfect place for it. So, Casey's going to help me launch the jet ski. Let's do it. All right, I'm all vested up. Jet skis launched. I got the Insta 360 on the back. So, we are going to the Shroud Key dingy passages. Yamaha life jacket, but piece of junk seed jet ski. I guess I can't talk too much crap about the old Sidu, but ah, Yamaha for the win. Yamaha. I got the meta glasses on. We're going on the jet ski. We're going to the Shroud Key Dingy Passage. Get ready for some insta. It's going to be so fun. Oh, perfect. Your leg doesn't hit it. That's perfect. I will figure it out. Oh no. Heat. Heat. So, we made it to uh Shroud Key Beach. I guess there's a name for this beach. I think it's called Driftwood Beach, maybe. But either way, um it's pretty cool. I'm also glad you guys are watching this because usually I'm scared to go on the back of the jet ski with Gus. I trust his driving, but he likes to do wheelies and like glide across the waves and stuff and then I get thrown off and I don't like that too much. So, I'm glad you guys are here cuz that means I wasn't jumping off into the ocean. She means because the because the camera's on the thing, I wouldn't flip it with the camera on it. awesome. What? I'm going to go for a little swim right here. How's the water? Oh, it's beautiful. Oh, it's perfect. The tide's going out. It's going out. There's massive current, so be careful. I bet I could swim against it. [Applause] Wow, that is a big drop off. Well, to be honest, I'm not the greatest swimmer, so a little scared of the current. I should be a better swimmer with how often I'm on boats, but massive amounts of current in there. She said that's called the washing machine. Who did Lady. Oh, you just heard her say that. Yeah, I had heard the term washing machine before on Navionics. Now I know what it is. Wow. I was telling them how uh I'm not the greatest swimmer. Like I should be better at swimming with how often I'm on on boats. But that's crazy. That's the washing machine. I'm going to go out there and I'm going to float on my back and watch what happens to me. Okay. Oh. Isn't that crazy? That is crazy. Hell yeah. The tide is coming in. Yeah. I bet the best time to be here is high tide right before. That's awesome. Wow, it's ripping right here. Yeah. Don't drown me. All right, that Shroud Key dingy ride was a 10 out of 10. Hey, what's for dinner? Tacos. When I find Good morning. Good morning from Shroud Key in the Exumas. I am just peachy this morning. Well, I'm peachy every morning, but wow. It is so freaking beautiful out here. So, couple quick updates. I got the video on the Insta 360 of us going through the sha the uh shroud key dinghy route yesterday. And for some reason, my Insta 360 is not waterproof like it's supposed to be. It didn't even get submerged. It just got splashed and it shorted out and freaking started smoking. The thing's done. So, no more Insta 360 footage for this voyage, unfortunately. Secondly, last night was probably the most calm night on anchor that I have had in the Bahamas thus far. Finally, the wind is gone. It's so beautiful. So beautiful in fact that I filled the hot tub last night that's been going. But as the generator was running, charging the batteries, powering the hot tub, powering the air conditioning and all that stuff, it started surging. It was going like and it really made the inverter unhappy. Nothing broke. However, I need to figure out why the generator's doing that because uh I need that generator. Without that, our batteries die and then we're just dead. But I do have another generator. It's not hooked up to the inverter. In an emergency circumstance, I could hook it up to the inverter. That generator's fine, ready to go, fully serviced, all that. But I think the reason I'm talking so fast this morning is cuz I was just watching all these airplane uh videos because I'll say this right now, this summer we're going to get into something that I think you guys are going to really enjoy. However, that aside, won't get too far into that. Um I need to fix the generator. It kind of was exhibiting symptoms of uh fuel filter maybe, but I don't really see how the fuel filter could be clogged. Well, I guess I do see how. My tanks are probably filled with gunk. So, I'm going to do an oil change cuz the generator has 160 hours on it since the last oil change and it's time. So, I'm going to change the oil. I'll change the fuel filters. We'll fire it up and hopefully it's just fixed. That's the goal. Fingers crossed. Other than that, Casey's still in bed. She really likes her sleep. But it's like 10:30, maybe even 11:00 in the morning at this point. I've already had two cups of coffee, and I am ready to rip. I really like the color of the gold Semco that I used versus the clear. It really, really makes the wood look good. We're going to spend one more night here at Shroud Key. Probably we'll go back down the dinghy route and we'll go hang out at that beach a bit today. So, first I'm going to service the generator. Let's just flash right to that right now. I'll get dressed and service the gen set. Here's the gen set in question. See this water on the floor right here? Well, the raw water pump seems to be leaking a little bit only when you shut it off after running. It's a carbon seal in there and it's going to need a rebuild. I did uh have the impeller out at one point and the shaft is still tight, so the bearings not getting wet, but I would not say it's ideal that that is leaking. I do not have a rebuild kit. I don't have a seal kit for it. Not to mention, usually you need a press to press the bearings off the shafts. Um anyways, gen set. Let's do an oil change. when it was exhibiting the symptoms of surging last night if I took load off of it like taking like I shut the air conditioning off which is a big load. It would come back up and kind of stop surging but you could tell it was still like maybe 100 RPMs below where it should be still producing good enough power to charge the batteries. However, that's just not good for anything. So, I'm hoping when I take this fuel filter out it looks like crap. So, I'm going to take that out first and we'll see what it looks like. So, I decided to do the oil change first cuz why not? So, let's pump the oil out of this thing. Right over here, I have this little manifold valve that allows you to select either the main engine, uh, starboard engine or the starboard transmission or this gen set. So, selected this gen set. I'm going to take a sample cuz I always send the oil out to have it analyzed. This gen set has come back extremely healthy every time. But let's select starboard gen on the valve. Let's crank her up and we'll take our sample about halfway through. That pump does not sound good. [Laughter] Heat up here. always makes such a mess doing no reason at all. That sucks. Hopefully I got that on camera. That sucks. What a piece of All right, oil filter is tight. Good. Now, see what that fuel filter looks like. This is the telltale as to if that was really the issue. The level in the bowl is low. That could potentially mean low pressure fuel pump. That filter doesn't look terrible. It's a little clogged. And you know what? Is this a 10? Yeah, this is a 10 micron. Okay. So, it definitely does look a little clogged. It's a good sign. It's a good sign. Good sign. Good sign. Let's pop a new filter in there. Looks like clean fuel. Looks like clean fuel, no water. I'm going to hold off on changing uh the primary filter, the fine filter, cuz I think it's fine. Um that's a 10 micron in there. Usually there's a 30 in there. Probably all I have is tens. Oh, look. I got a 30. Holy crap. All right, we're going to put a 30 in there. So, the last one was a 10. This one's a 30. So, we're going to have utmost fuel flow now. Very curious if this will solve our problem. All right, let's change the O-rings on the cap. Make sure she's sitting flat. Okay, nice and flat. Change this one. Not bad, but got the new O-rings. Might as well swap them out. I see far too many people, mechanics, whatnot, just go through, they're like, "Oh, the O-rings, they're they're fine. You don't need to change them." Well, you know what? They're in the bag and they're going to get thrown out if you don't. So, you might as well cuz now we got freshy new O-rings. But before I put this on, I want to fill that up with fuel. All right, now we're filled up and we can rule out the ray core is being an issue cuz we got a 30 micron in there. So, we're going to have better flow than ever. All right, let's fill this thing up with oil. Guys, don't judge with the Super Tech oil, please. This stuff's just as good. This oil is literally fine. Half of these oils are made in the same damn factory. This is two gallons. This thing's supposed to take eight quarts. So, this is eight quarts. But I'll stop right before the end cuz she might uh she might not need all eight. We don't want to overfill her. All right, let's fire that up. See where that gets us. I'm going to shut the output switch off because I don't want the inverter to kick over. All right. Well, clearly we lost our prime even though I shut the valve off. So, she might take a little bit to get her prime back. Looking good. Sounding good. I'm going to clean up. Shut this down. Check the oil. See if it's fixed. Let's see if it's good. I haven't loaded it yet. Let's load it. The inverter takes 15 seconds to kick over. So, you'll see it very shortly. You're going to see it over. And then there it is. You'll hear it load up. I'll report back on its success rate. All right, generator's been running for about an hour now. It seems to be rock solid. I haven't turned the AC on to see if loading it up uh has an adverse effect on it. But it's pretty loaded. Charging the batteries in the mix of making a Kasha omelette. Looks wonderful. It's pretty much done. I'm going to take that off the off the heat right there. But I'm also making water. I have the water maker running. And this is the first time in history that I have taken a sample of the water to try it. Fresh out of the water maker. I have to say Seawater Pro nailed their water maker. This water, it's tasteless. They say water maker water has no minerals or anything in it, so you should add minerals or something. Well, I'll tell you right now, this water, it's literally tasteless. You're hiding. No, I thought I heard you call me, but then I came in and Come try this water. Oh god. This is fresh out of the water maker. Like literally fresh out of the water maker. Tell me what you think it tastes like. What do you think? It tastes very good. It kind of just tastes like like Poland Spring or something like Well, I think it tastes like nothing. Anyways, if you're in the market for a water maker, whether it be portable, whether it be for your boat, whether it be they even sell a house system, go check out seawaterpro.com. No, I'm not sponsored by them. Just a group of kickass guys making good water makers. All USA made. Just quality. Check them out. Look at this. Chef Gus. I'm going to split it with Casey. And now it is time for dinner. So I just made us pasta. Threw some sauce over on there and it's some good sauce. If you look at the ingredients, it's only the best. No, no preservatives or nothing. I have a better one than this. This is kind of commercial, but it's organic, non GMO. Anyways, not the best for protein for the night, but Casey made us these drinks with some pineapple in them. They're pretty good. Ready for dinner? I'm ready. It is absolutely picture perfect out here. We just ate our uh our dinner. It was awesome. There's the hot tub. That's the filter out of it. I took that out cuz we're just doing salt water. But the hot tub is officially at 104° offgrid system powered. It is so nice. So, what I'm thinking is right now I'm going to fly the drone cuz a ton of boats pulled in here and uh it looks pretty cool. We're anchored out with a bunch of boats and then we're going to go in the hot tub. I'm going to jump in the water, I think. Cool down. Even though I mean I don't know, get cold in the water maybe. I think it's hard to get cold in this water though. But it's so nice out. Absolutely awesome. Just a relaxing evening. Tonight will be the real test for the generator. See if it if uh the fuel filter fixed it. But at least she's got fresh oil in her now. It's so nice out. It's beautiful. Wow. I've been trying to call. I've been on my own for long enough. Maybe you can show me how to love. Maybe I'm going through a tr. You don't even have to do too much. You can turn me on with just a touch. Baby, I look cold and empty. No one's around to judge me. I can't see clearly when you're gone. on myself. I blinded by the lights. No, I can't sleep till I feel your touch. I said I'm drowning in the night. Oh, when I'm like this, you're the one I just I'm running out of time cuz I can see the sun light up the sky. So I hit the road in overdrive, baby. Oh, the city's cold and empty. No one's around to judge me. I can't see clearly when you're gone on myself. I'm blinded by the lights. No, I can't sleep in till I feel your said I'm drowning in the night. When I'm like this one night, I'm just looking back to let you know. I can never say it on the phone. I'll never let you go this time. I said I'm blinded by the lights. No, I can't sleep until I feel your touch. Hey, hey, hey. I said, "Ooh, I'm blinded by the lights. No, I can't sleep till I feel your touch." So, you probably just saw that sunset and now we got the hot tub. 104°. How is it, Casey? It's wonderful. Take your little swimming. Come in. I'm going to go jump in the cold water. Well, not cold, but you know what I mean. And then get in. What you making, Gus? Key. I'm making a spinach omelette this morning. So, the wind's going to be picking up. Today's Sunday, and the wind's going to be picking up on Tuesday. So, uh, we're going to move probably today. I wanted to take the center console through the dinghy route, but of course not without making a spinach omelette. So, we got to do this. You got any thoughts, Casey? Um, I would love to go down the dingy the dingy roof. Apparently, there's some other cool things we can do like Rachel's bubble bath. What? I think there's something called Rachel's bubble bath. Really? What is that? beats me. I got to look into it a little more. Oh, all right. Well, all right. So, you guys see me make all sorts of omelettes and stuff, but this right here is one of my favorites. It's a spinach omelette. It's just one brick of frozen spinach, some eggs, and some cheese. Highly nutritious. I feel like I have been eating so good. Feel good. All right. This is what my premier spinach omelette looks like. This omelette, which is now complete, consists of really only spinach, eggs, and a little bit of uh fresh graded parm. So, I've got some really exciting news. So, right now we are still at Shroud Key and today me and Casey are going to hop on the center console and we're going to do a nice scenic tour route through the Shroud Key dinghy route all the way up to the waterfall washing machine area where the Shroud Key dingy route lets out into the ocean and the tide's going out. You have a rushing current of water so you can hang out in there and just float around. It's really cool. We'll head back to the boat and then we are going to head a little bit further south today. We're going to anchor somewhere between here and Waldrick Wells. I think that's how you say it. Walrick. Walrick Wells. Anyways, really exciting news is on Wednesday we have some friends showing up. I met a guy by the name of George at the Into Deep meetup. We had been chatting before that, but he owns Elite Fenders. All of my fenders by boat fenders. the the inflatable fenders, awesome fenders, by the way. He owns the company and him and his girlfriend Casey, so there'll be two Casey's on the boat, are coming out. She is a record holding spear fisher woman and he is also a spear fisherman. They are also sailors. He's similar to me and means that he likes to fix stuff and set his boat up and stuff like that. So, they weren't able to bring their sailboat out here this year, but they've been here many times before. So, they're coming out to enjoy the time on a power boat. They're going to show us around a little bit. Probably do some spear fishing, hanging out. Should be a lot of fun. So, that's kind of the tentative plan. The wind's going to be picking up soon, but it'll calm down by Wednesday when they fly in. Where we're going to pick them up is Staniel Key. And apparently, we can dingy right to the airport to pick them up. So, pretty cool. But for now, we're going to eat breakfast and we are going to head on out to the Shroud Key dingy route to do a nice scenic time lapse, show you some sea turtles and all the other stuff you see in there. So, enjoy. All right, Casey, what are we doing right now? We're going in the dinghy canal at Shroud Key. Woohoo. She calls out to the man on the street. Sir, can you help me? It's cold and I know where to sleep. Is there somewhere you can tell me? He walks on, doesn't look back. He pretends he can't hear her. Starts to whistle as he crosses the street. Seems embarrassed to be there. Oh, think twice cuz it's another day for you and me in paradise. twice cuz it's another day for you, you about. She calls out to the man on the street. He can see she's been crying. She's got blisters on the soles of her feet. She can't walk, but she's trying. twice. It's just another day for you. Oh Lord, is there more anybody can do? Lord, there must be something you can say. You can tell from the lines on her face. You can see that she's been there. Probably been moved on from every place cuz she didn't fit in there. Oh, think twice. It's just another day for you. Just think about it. It's just another day for you and me. It's just another day for you and me. Paradise for you and me. Just Paradise for you and Paradise. It's just a paradise. All righty. So, we just hung out here for quite some time. It was so nice. Casey, words on this place. It was so nice. I was swimming for a lot of the time. We've been here for probably 3 hours. But it's time to go home. So, we're going to head home and uh if it's not too late, make it to Wal Wells today. But the tide came up, so it should be a little easier to get through the canal. Let's time-lapse it. I remember the day that you went away and my daddy spent the night at the bar. Well, I grew up broke, working down the road, fixing up beat up cars in the corner of the house, find an old guitar. So I wrote a song smoking big cigars. Yes, I did. It was the middle of the night and you went home. I had a feeling that something was right. So I slung my guitar in the seat of my car and I headed out through the night. It wasn't long till I heard the sound of my daddy on stage with his favorite man. Raise your glass and sing along. We're all about where we belong. Whether you're a country boy or a country girl from the city of the stakes on open road and sing along. You said son that day your mama went away with a damn net aart. She sing that memory keeps a piece of her in my heart. So when I heard the band about to play our song, it was her way of saying that I got to move on. Raise your glass and sing along. We're all right where we belong. Whether you're a country boy or a country girl from the city of the six or road, raise your glass and sing along. Raise them up now. Want to raise them up now. Raise them up right high. You got to raise your glass and sing a country girl from the city or roll, raise your glass and sing along. You got to raise your glass and sing along. Just sing along. Come on, raise your glass and sing Yeah. All right. Right now it is 7:41 p.m. The sun just went down and after doing some research and looking at the evolving weather forecast for the wind that's coming in tomorrow, I have made the decision that we are going to take off right now and do about 15 to 20 m. The wind is calm all day tonight and rather than get beat up tomorrow, wouldn't really get beat up, but we'd be cruising in the wind. We have a direct path with no obstacles to where we're going. So, we might as well just send it. What do you think, Casey? I think it sounds like we're sending it. Casey's like, "Oh, no." But you know what? Little night travel. I'm always down for a little night travel and some calm water, especially when there's no clouds in the sky. So, I'm going to go check the oil real quick right now, and then we're going to get on our way. Yeah. Heat. Good to go. Heat. Heat. right here. Perfect. Awesome. All right. I'll have you off. Yeah. Oh, that's only right. Go for it. Little more right there. All righty. So, I am on the fly bridge right now. We are underway. That is us. We're doing 8.7 knots at,50 RPM. Must have some nice assisting currents. So, here's the deal. Here's my thoughts. Uh, that's Waldrick Wells there. And then this right here is Bell Island. Tomorrow, for the wind, since it's going to be coming out of the the west in the northwest, I want to come in. It's like this direction. I want to come way in here if I can, but there's no way I'd try and get in there at night. So, I'm thinking because we have to cut through here and this is a sketchy little area to cut. So, my thought is that I'll anchor right here for the night, which is nice and open, easy to get into. You have a tiny bit of protection, but the wind's going to be coming like this, so you won't really have much protection tonight. However, it's not supposed to be very windy tonight. So, we will be solid. The wind picks up tomorrow. Um, but yeah, that's us. That's where we left from and that's where we're going. Probably an hour and a half, 2 hours, somewhere in there. Casey, hi. That's crazy. I don't know if you're going to see that in the camera, but every time the radar came around, it totally messed up the camera. That's actually nuts. I've never seen that All righty, we made it. We are pulling into the anchorage. Anchoring there. And we came from all the way up Nice. Get her all anchored up and we'll see you in the morning. All right, set her down. Down goes the hook. All right, so we took off about 5 minutes ago and I'm coming through the sketchy of the sketchiest cuts in this whole area. Um, you basically follow the deep water in here because if not, you're getting stuck. So, I'm going to come through here and uh we'll go from there. Wish us luck. All right. You can kind of see where you need to go. I think I see our path. You got to get real damn close to those rocks. Wow. It looks like we're going to have to scooch right by these rocks. That is some sketchy. Wow. That's all sandbar. This whole thing should in. But you can kind of see I think I can see the deep water. That's all I'm saying. Damn. You got to get mad close to those rocks. That's crazy. Basically driving into the rocks right now. ft empty. turning 11 ft. Oh yeah, we got it. Wooy That's a scary one. Look at that. Holy crap. All right. Deep water. Wow, that shivered me tempers, let me tell you. All right, let's go anchor this thing. Definitely nice and shallow in here. We're going to let out probably 100 ft of chain. Wind's going to pick up. We should get nowhere near any of that. That's going to be shallow here. All right. Anyway, if you're touring around up this way, stop by and say hi. Again, the boat's high cotton. We may go head to a beach and I may swing by later and say hi. Hi, Cotton. That sounds great. Thank you very much for reaching out. Good talking. Thanks, G. Same to you. Clear. Back to 16. All right. So, we are here anchored right outside Bell Island. I'm not thrilled with the spot because when the wind starts pushing us this way, first of all, we're a little close to the rock. Second of all, when the wind starts pushing us, might get a little shallow over here. But, starting to blow. I think we might go to uh a place called Rachel's Bubble Bath, which is near here. I think it's basically just like a swelly area where the water rushes over a sandbar. The tax man is right there while the Bahamas Land and Sea Park warden, he came. It's 35 bucks. 35 bucks for me to anchor here for the night. He said I should be good where I'm anchored. So, I'm feeling good about it. But yeah, I think we'll hop on the center cons before it gets too windy and then we'll head on over. head on over. I'm going to take a quick little swim under the boat so I can look at the anchor, see how it's uh how it's performing, per se. See if it's dug into the ground real nice. Cuz this was a hard ground. That's why I was concerned. I dove under the boat with a measuring tape to see how much distance I had under the props. Should have brought the camera, but you're going to see it right now. Anyhow, um the ground is really hard. That's why I really don't want the boat to touch the bottom here because one little hit would uh would definitely bend a prop or something. When we swing this way, when the wind starts coming out of the north, shifts from southwesterly to west and then to northwesterly. We're going to swing over here. So, I'm going to get in the water and we're going to go take a look at the anchor, shall we? Heat. Heat. across the right, me and Casey are going to go off to Rachel's bubble bath. I really don't know what it is, but we're going to find out what it is. I was a little worried about being anchored here because of how shallow it is. However, I did my due diligence. I dove on the boat twice. I checked the anchor. I dove all the way over there, did a visual depth sounding based on my height, which if I can stand on the ground and my head's not above water, the boat can definitely sit there. And I had, put it this way, I had my hands in the air like that and I was just touching the surface. So that's probably seven, six and a half, seven feet. Um, with my hands up in the air like that. I also drove the center console all around. Basically zigzagged a depth mapping. It gets a little shallower over there, but we still have 3 ft under the keel at low tide. So I Oh, and the anchor is buried. The anchor's buried. So, me and Case are going to take the center console out. I was worried. I definitely alleviated my worries and I feel pretty good about it now. So, off we go to Rachel's bubble bath. There's the brow. I will say that jet ski makes it look like a toy mobile. All right, we've made it to Rachel's bubble back. Apparently, you anchor here and you walk in yonder and it's not really the right wind or tide from what I understand. However, it's like a pool and the waves crash over from the ocean. We're going to go check it out. It's freaking windy. We're definitely going to get thrashed tonight on anchor. There's a lot of boats anchored in here for this blow. It's pretty crazy. I'm glad that I did my due diligence so I feel better about my anchor situation. That anchor is grabbed and I'm confident that we have enough depth where we are no matter what happens. So, well, as long as the anchor doesn't drag, but highly doubt it will. Highly, highly doubt. I gotta get the sand out of my flops or I'm gonna be walking in a sandpaper. You ready for the bubble bath? Oh, you got your little mer and everything. I guess the purse cuz you're a woman. I never carry a purse. It's just my phone was in here and I was trying to reach in to quickly grab my phone. It was just easier to grab the bag. The phone in there. Aha. So, there was deep thought behind it. Oh wow, look at the all the old conch shells. Holy crap. Those are ancient. They have been eroded. That's insane. What's even more insane is how that forms in the wild. Absolutely nuts. In that underwater video, you probably saw I picked up that baby conchk. That's just a baby. I wonder if there's a size limit on conchs. Wonder if they move into a different This is cool. Wow. This is too cool. I bet you this water. It's definitely a little bit warmer. Holy crap. Holy crap. This way. This way. Honey buns. If I were to exclude the foliage, I would say that this would resemble, in my thoughts at least, what the surface of the moon looks like. Just a bunch of sand and rocks and hundreds of thousands of years of erosion from space dust. But then the ocean comes into play. I think I have found the bubble bath. This is so cool. So at high tide, my guess is that the waves get pushed over over on top of that those rocks and it creates this like effect. But since the tide is low right now, this water is way warmer. Ouch. It's actually much warmer than the ocean water for sure. I might have just cut my foot. Wow. Uh, it's Rachel's bubble bath. I'm going to climb up that rock right there. Hey, be careful. I I think I cut my foot on a rock. Once you get in the water, the rocks are sharp. I'm wearing my shoes. Make sure you wear your shoes. These rocks are literally dangerous. They have good grip once you get Oh, yeah. That's exactly what happens. So, this is definitely Rachel's bubble bath. The waves get pushed right over there at a high tide. Oh, yeah. Let's climb up here. Rachel's bubble bath. What's crazy is the ocean side is really calm today. See all the boats? It's really calm because the wind is all out of the southwest right now and then shifting totally westerly eventually. making its way to Northwesterly. There's a yacht coming in though, probably going to uh he's probably going to Compass K Marina if I had to guess. Come to Rachel's bubble bath. I found a live sea urchin. You found a live sea urchin? Yeah. And two right next to it. Wow. It is so freaking nice out here. It is It's uncomprehendable. I'm I am so beyond thankful to be healthy after getting chopped open about a year ago for uh Oh, I know that that I got it in the comments. I know I got it in the comments. What'd you get chopped open for? They uh I had an infection in my intestine from Crohn's disease. Sucks. But I have to say I've been feeling pretty damn good. So, I don't want to take any medications. I I'm I don't want to say anti- medication, but I feel like natural remedies are the best. So, yeah, that's how I ended up with a big infection. That and the fact that my diet, I mean, I eat clean. I try to eat clean, but you know, you go out to eat a lot, you don't know what's in half that crap. So that's what happened to me. Water's way warmer here than it is right on the ocean side. It was a wet ride getting over here, but all right, I feel like that's enough about Rachel's bubble bath. We might head over to check out the aquarium after this. We'll stop at the boat and uh grab our masks and snorkels. And apparently the sea aquarium is a spot that you should not miss. So, we'll probably go check that out. Look, here's the sea urchin. You can see it moving around. Look at this cool thing I found. Wow. And then also look at this. It's a baby conchk. Yeah. Look, I put it right back where it goes. But you see it moving. Yeah. That's so cool. And there's another one. That's so cool. This one's cool. The big one. Oh, yeah. He's living in there. Wow. And then this one looks like it's actually moved quite a bit cuz it was over there. Holy crap. They crawl around. Look at this one. That sea urchin is nuts. You step on that thing. That's a bad day. What? I wouldn't want to step on that. I know. You can't hold it. What do you think it's fondling? That ring thing that it's fondling. Grab it. Look at that. That's not part of it. That is a I wasn't sure, so I didn't touch it. No, that's not part of it. That's like a piece of It's trying to eat it, maybe. You don't want to get stabbed by one of those. I think they have venom. I don't think they're deadly, but No, as long as Okay, look. It's like a Oh, look at that thing. That is an ugly creature. What do you suppose that thing does? Look at this thing. Looks like a table placer. I know. Decoration. All right. If you look closely, you'll probably see some other Oh, here's another conchk. There's like three conchs right there. They're baby conchs. They're probably all still alive. I wonder if their shells grow. I feel like I should know that. I don't. They're everywhere. I would think they're like snails where they move out of their shell and then they enter a bigger shell. But how are the shells created? Maybe the conchk grows the shell. No. No way. No way. I feel like that one's edible. But this is the land and sea park. You can't take anything from here. No conchs for us tonight. Steak only. All right, back to the boat. Casey loves it. All right, we're leaving Rachel's bubble bath. That was beautiful. We're going to try and get back to the aquarium for today. I'd like to hit the aquarium today. So, we have to cross this sound and it's going to be a little choppy out there. So, we'll see you at the aquarium. All right. It appears as if we've made it to the aquarium. There's two dinghy moorings here, but it looks like they're both occup. All right, so welcome to the Exuma K's Land and Sea Park snorkel site. $12 per person. Oh we got to pay. We'll pay tonight. We'll pay online tonight. But anyhow, uh we're going to jump in here. Casey's scared. She's scared of the water. I'll take you guys with me. I should run my footers, though. Be careful though cuz we don't have flippers on. So if you're like let's throw a rope in the water so you could grab a rope. Here we go. Hey, there's no current. You're all right. No current. No current. Hey, just be careful not to uh be careful not to accidentally crash into the boat. It'll hurt. The boat will hurt. If you hit the propeller with your foot, it'll hurt. So, be careful. All right, that was super cool. We're out of here. Level 40 out. Level 40. Woo! Why did you do that to me? You're getting good at dealing with it, though. my. We're home. Hot tub. All right. Tonight at Bell Islands, we are having a pretty simple dinner. Just a couple hot dogs, buttered bun. Not the most nutritious meal for sure, but it is what it is. So, I'll keep you guys posted on how the wind goes tonight. This anchorage is filled up though, so I'm going to do a drone pass. Check this out. This place is full. Bell Island anchorage protection popping. All right, guys. It is What time is it? It's 11:30 p.m. I've been working on the computer, editing videos. It is the windy night tonight. The wind is absolutely cranking. I'm in this anchorage and it's packed with boats, but I'm like at the lee end of it. So, everyone would drag into me and I would drag into the rocks, but I am pretty damn confident in my uh in my rock. Now, I got probably about 100 ft of chain out. And all I have to say so far is all hell is breaking loose over there in the anchor. Do you see all the anchor lights? I see spotlights. I see running lights. I see people moving around. That catamaran over there, it's got blue underwater lights. He was over there. I saw someone running back and forth on a dinghy. heard some vague screaming, but it's like uh it's too windy to really hear anything. So, it's absolutely pouring rain right now. Pouring. Pouring. I am just praying that my anchor holds all night. The wind is pretty much fluttering between Oh, it's just lightened up for a split second, but I assure you it'll be back over 30 shortly We're holding tight right now. You can see our our axi in the center So, fingers crossed cuz those people out there dragging around, they're out in the rain right now trying to reset their anchor. Crazy thing is that we are a heavy heavy heavy boat with a lot of windage. Heavier and more windage than any boat in this anchorage out of the probably 50. Maybe not 50, maybe 30 that are in here. Crazy. But I got a big old anchor. So hopefully that thing stays stays true. Fingers crossed. I don't want to have to fire this thing up. Good morning. Good morning. I literally just woke up. I slept in peace because I've got that Garmin GPS right next to my bed now. So, if I were to swing out of my anchor circle, it'd be alarming. Wake me up right away. Anyways, as you can see here, all night wind shifted. We came around, but we are right in our little circle. That anchor did not move. Still blowing 25 knots, 23 knots. Um, yeah, the anchorage seems pretty peaceful this morning. Couple boats are gone. I think the ones that drag, but I would not want to be picking up my anchor to leave right now unless it was like, I'm dragging. We got to go find somewhere. Um, but yeah, so I had a major problem with the inverter last night. Uh, nothing to do with the batteries, everything to do with the inverter. I think the main circuit breaker failed cuz you just can't reset it. It won't reset. It's a It's a Chint. Uh, that's the brand. Double pull 100 amp breaker. And it's been popping way below 100 amps. I have an amp meter in the uh in the engine room and it's been popping way below 100 amps. Not to mention, I even measured the amperage through the wires with my uh inductive amperage meter. I have to take the inverter apart because now it won't even reset at all. So, I can't charge my lithium. Uh it's the breaker that controls the output power from the generator into the inverter. So, I'm going to go try and take it apart. I ran on the batteries all night. The batteries are at like 20% right now. So, I started up my other generator that has not ran since Portland, Maine this summer. The thing fired right up and it's an ancient generator, but I did an oil change on it, sent the oil out for analysis, came back good. Um, fuel filters, all that. So, that generator is running right now. It's probably good for it to stretch its legs a little bit. And uh yeah, I'll go see if I can fix the inverter. I'm going to have to bypass that breaker for right now. But the saving grace is that there's another breaker. There's a breaker on the output side that will still protect that. And then the breaker on the generator will protect the input side. So, we should be all set. Alrighty. Well, I've got the cover off the inverter. I had to take the walls apart to get to the screws on the side. Look at the size of that transformer. Holy crap. That's insane. And that right there looks like a problem. So, I'm guessing that was a loose connection because if it weren't loose, we wouldn't have had that problem. Those wires wouldn't be burnt like that. See this loop that they do? That's for some sort of interference purposes. I'm going to be careful where I touch in here because I'd bet you there's a big capacitor somewhere. Maybe those back there that are holding juice. But, I'm going to take this apart. see if I can fix it. All right. Well, I'm pretty deep into this inverter right now. That was definitely the problem. I bet you this connection was loose because I was not drawing anywhere near to the rate of rated amperage. Soon as I undid that screw, the plastic broke apart. That's the wire. Absolutely destroyed. For some reason, they use two doubled up wires. I have some nice six gauge wire. I'm going to make new wires for this. And for now, I'm going to feed it right into the AC input. Since there's a breaker on the invert on the uh since there's a breaker on the generator side, I won't really need to worry because if there was any sort of short from either in the inverter or through this wire, it would immediately blow the breaker on the generator. So, versus like grid power, which is what this thing's really designed for. So, I'm going to undo these, make some jumpers. They're going to go from there to there. And this thing should work perfect until I'm able to get a new breaker. Getting her done. I know deleting the breaker is not the best thing to do, but I'm so If I don't do this, then I can't use my off-grid system and then I'm I would have to disconnect the generator and plum it back into the panel. Unless I wanted to run the old generator all the time, the one that's running right now. I really have no choice but to do this until I can get a new breaker. Um, and like I said, it is protected on the generator side. So, if there was a short in any of these wires going through any walls or anything, it would immediately blow the generator's breaker, the main breaker on the Jenny, which by the way is a 75 amp breaker. So, that would have blown if I was drawing too much power in the first place, considering this is a 100 amp breaker. Never blew that breaker. So, all right. I'm going to make some wires and I'll report back and we'll go back in. So, basically, this just goes from here to there. That goes from there to there. I've got some nice six gauge wire I can use. All righty. This is what I came up with. Two nice thick wires that go down straight there, bypassing the breaker. I'll put the breaker back in there just as a dummy. But look, doesn't even reset. This breaker literally does not reset anymore. You can see that side's still good. That side's junk. So, these are way thicker than what was there. I'll put a little piece of hose there to keep it just away from everything. And this is going to work good. I'll check the connections on the other breaker just to be safe. I found a couple other loose connections, too. This is factory and you know shouldn't be happening but all right wired up. Little protection right there. Junk breaker is just chilling now doing absolutely nothing. Doesn't even reset. Other breaker for the output still in check. We are good to go. Let's put the cover back on. See what she does. All right. So, it's still pretty windy. Still cranking 20 knots. Uh, look at the depth, though. 3.3 3.4 ft. Right now, it's low tide. And I am so curious how much water is underneath the keel right now. Depth binder says 3.3 3.4 3.2 3.3. Um, so this will be a good gauge for me as to the depth finder's exact correspondence to ground clearance. Let's go take a look, shall we? All right, let's go for a little swim. It's cold and windy, but we got to do it. It's not that cold. Here we go. Wow. We're We're dealing with inches, inches, inches. All right. So, as you just saw in that video, I dove under the boat and there is not a lot of room. Sorry, I was holding my breath and I couldn't really hold the tape measure and but we had like four, six, six max in underneath the propellers and four under the keel. So, I think if I pull my anchor in, we're going to get back into slightly deeper water. And now that the wind is shifting more northerly, uh, and ultimately easterly, it's starting to get rolly in here. And I'm worried that with the boat rocking that the props are going to touch the ground. And the ground's not that soft. So, um, I think what we're going to do is pull the anchor in and see if we can scoot on out of here. Uh, head towards Daniel Key, go out in the ocean for a couple miles, and then swoop back in. Should be good. All right, time to pull the old anchor in. And we still got a nice hefty breeze with us. Can do it. What is it? I got it. We had to empty the hot tub. We're leaving Bell Island. We're going to Staniel. Casey and George are coming out tomorrow. Oh yeah. I loved it here at Bell Island even though we were only here for like a day. The sea aquarium was really cool and so was Rachel's bubble bath. I wish we got to check out the cave and climb that mountain, but we'll find some other caves to explore. Little shallow in here. Look at the shaws. Sorry guys, it's covering this the microphone, but can only do so much. It's pretty windy out today. Let's check on the center console. Here we go. Bell Island. See you later. Bell Island, you housed us quite nicely. And with this wind, I think the ocean side's going to be nice and beauty. Nice and beauty. Nice and what? Nice and beauty. We got a tanker coming up. oxide in deeper water, which I like. All right. So, we popped right out in the ocean and now we're popping. We're popping right back into the cut through Conch's Rock. Conch rock cut. Conch cut. I guess it goes by many different names. However, there are some rocks you got to be careful of in here. I actually see them over there. Some surface rocks and then more over there. My path looks pretty clear. We're going to cut right in here and we'll be good to go. Major current and major wind in here. That's Rachel's bubble bath right on the other side of that thing. That's where we were. Sheoo. That's quite the vessel, huh? Wow. She's a beauty. All right. And a short while later, here we are pulling into Big Major Key. This is the anchorage at Big Major. Going to find a nice spot to anchor up in here. And this is where we'll spend our next couple days at least. Sweet. Wind's going to settle down tonight into tomorrow. So, we don't really need to worry too much. But get the boat in here, anchor out. Should be an awesome spot. All right, we are anchored and we're getting bobbed around with the seas slightly, but the wind's going to calm down. And we have arrived. Power off the electronics. And me and Casey are going to try and go to land today. Maybe we can go eat at a restaurant or something. Holy crap. Anchor grabbed real good. So, and we have a lot of room here. Depth is not a concern, so that's always a good thing. Hey, this is Sincerity back on channel 17 over. Hey, Sincer. It's Freestyle. Oh, hey Freestyle. You're right in front of me. Roger that. That's pretty cool. Nice hatter. Sincerity freestyle. This is sincerity. Can you hear me? Right. That's a nice Hatteris you got there. Thank you. It was a 54 motor yacht that somebody had the kindness to put an extension on it back around 2000 to make it a 62 cockpit motor yacht. And so when I got this, Pat Murphy saw it and got rid of his 53 and got a 67 cockpit motor yacht. Wow. Yeah, me coming from the 50 motor yacht, I can see how awesome having that cockpit is. Yeah, that's the one drawback. I love new boat, but the not having a cockpit changes a lot of what you do. Absolutely. Boarding, unboarding, you can fish off the cockpit. It's awesome. Yeah. And this one, unlike the factory ones, is about 7 ft deep. So, it's a big garage in there. And I've got the water maker. There used to be a jet ski. Now I' got a couple deep freezes and you know all the all the toys are down Wow, that is too cool. It's too bad that uh Pat's not out here right now. Yeah, he he goes later in the year. I think he's going north this year. I might see him on my northbound track. I see you're from Tampa. Yeah, live in Tampa. I still work full-time. So Starlink has me out here. I've been here about six weeks, but I gota go back in a couple weeks. That is too cool. Are you by yourself or rotating crew? Today I've got my 27year-old middle son who's here, which is a relief. I've had a bunch of old guys like me. It's kind of nice. Wow, that is awesome. Little rolly out here right now, huh? Nothing compared to last night. Last night, I was ducked out behind Bell Island and believe it or not, it was calm uh sea wise. It wasn't rolling, but the wind was ripping. Did you have a good hold? Yeah, we held real nice. Didn't drag an inch, but there were a couple boats in there that had some trouble. Yeah, I don't like that. And it was tight in there, too. It was tight. How you been doing towing that toe? I was surprised when you had it still paid out when you backed up down on your on your anchor shing tow. Yeah. So, I had that tow line made at Miami Cordage. It's all daema, so the rope floats. The line floats. Um, usually I have it connected to the toe eye on the center console, but when we left earlier, I I forgot to connect it to the toe eye, so we dragged it by the cleats, which is bad today. I didn't want to stop because we were just going to get tossed out there. Ah, the daea. I forgot. Well, that explains that we're we uh we insulted you for no reason. No worries. I I was tying it up on the hip for that exact reason. Um but then I realized that the boat just kind of floats behind us no matter what we do. Nice. Nice. Like having a hard hard bottom boat around here. Yeah. It gets you where you got to go quickly, that's for sure. How many do you have on board? Does that take everybody? Right now it's uh it's me and my friend Casey. Just the two of us. Well, nice big boat for two people. It's a lot of fun. We uh we run it well together. Yeah, I'm like that with Sky here. One of my many seconds. That is too cool. Hey, do you know of uh where we could land? It's been a while since we hit land, and I was thinking we take the boat over to Staniel. Is there anywhere over there you can pay or whatever? So, Staniel Key Yacht Club has the best accommodations for dingies and tenders of any place. It's actually a little seaw wall marina. I was going to offer if you drive, I'll buy it and uh buy you guys a little dinner in a couple minutes. Oh man, I'd be totally game for that. Well, anytime. We've been tied up on here for for a full day, so more time sitting alone doesn't matter. We're watching you on the show actually right now cuz I had to verify the name of the boat. No way. That is too funny. I think uh we'll probably get a little splashed up, maybe a little wet heading over there, but I'm all for it. Sounds great. We'll just stand by 17 and figure out what we're going to wear so we can get wet and stuff like that. Copy that. I'll be on 17 as well. Freestyle stand by 17. All right. Looks like we are going to get some dinner with you guys might remember. I got another one. Yes, it is. This is sincerity. I barely got your calm, but I could hear you. Thank you very much. I appreciate it. That's that's awesome to see so many so many people out here. It's too cool. Well, you recognize your voice. We are anchored uh in Big Major right now. Over. Yeah, right about midway. Come back. Oh, this might be them on the power. Yeah, I'm just pushing on the radio. Copy. That is too cool. So many people out here. So, we're going to go get dinner with the guys on freestyle. I think it's a guy and his son. I think his son's Hey, so yeah, this is free. Yeah, I'm in big major as well on the helic. You must be up in the north end. Yes, sir. We are uh up in the north side. I'm going to see if I can see you right now. I'm not seeing any power cats in here, but very cool. Very cool. I'm sure we'll cross paths at some point. Yeah. No, I'm not on a Power Cat. I'm on the Toycraft 44 CPMY. Oh, gotcha. Are you adjacent to me? No, I'm behind I'm behind the Nord Haven. Another road. There's a power cat off to my starboard at my old 2:00, but I'm about even with the cut. Oh, yeah. I think you're on the other side. I think I am uh south of you over Oh, roger that. Okay. Yeah, we're we're up up tight and close. Okay, so you're over by Stan. Exactly in front of uh Big Major, but on the Staniel's side. Yeah, I got you. All right. Yeah, I'm on the east side. Cool. Very cool. Well, thanks for reaching out and uh I'm sure maybe we'll cross paths at some point. Yeah, love your channel and you know you guys kill it. I know you put a lot of work into it. You guys bust it. So, pretty cool. Thank you very much. I appreciate that. What's the name of your vessel? Free flow. I'm actually a loop boat left out of Wisconsin up in Lake Michigan. Very cool. That would be the goal for me to make it up there to the fresh water. This old aluminum boat would love that. Yeah. Right on. Yeah. Come up and see Paul Johnson and Burger and all that right out of Manito. So come to find out my boat was actually built in Lake Michigan. No kidding. At which yard? Up at Sturgeon Bay. Not sure exactly where the build sheet had said uh Fort Lauderdale, but then I spoke to the guy that ordered the boat back in 79 and he said, "Oh yeah, we drove it back from Michigan. Wow. I would guess it was Palmer Johnson and Sturgeon Bay. There wasn't that many more aluminum hall manufacturers up there or Burger, but Palmer Johnson. Very good chance maybe Broward subcontracted them. Yeah, that could be from that vintage. They were uh they were kicking all of them. I grew up there. But yeah, they were they were knocking on the butt. Pretty interesting because uh the two sister ships to this boat had to get completely replated and this one is still original and she's not corroded. Wow. Yeah. Yeah. If you see a PJ symbol in there or something like that. Yeah. Palmer Johnson. Pretty cool. Thanks for the info. All right. We'll keep it up and uh yeah, I'm going back to 16. Sincerity back 16. Too cool. Too cool. All right, we are off from the Broward on the Center console. Going to go pick up the boys on freestyle. We're going to meet them. They're friends with Pat, so I'm sure they're awesome. And we'll go grab some dinner. and whatnot. It's going to be a wet ride over here. This is breakwater. Yeah, there it is. You go around this little breakwater and then there's a beach. We're at a really high tide right here. This is weird. All right, so we're pulling into Staniel Key right now with Sky, Bruce. Sky and Bruce, friends of Pat. And uh right here, Gus. Over here. Over there. Yeah. You're going to go around this brake wall right here. Oh, in there. Got it. Got it. Got it. Got it. Oh, cool. Wonder if we can successfully tie this thing. Well, you're going to want to beach it. Tie it to the tie rope. All right. We'll do our best to beach this thing up, but this is where we are. Got to thread the needle here. Okay. You got the uh Slow get you. Oh yeah. All right. I suppose we can beat her. I should look at the tide though before we uh Yeah, cuz it might be better for me to just tie it up along the piles right there. I don't think that's kosher, but I don't know. I'm going to look like that. Yeah. I'll tell you what, Casey, you get off here. I'm going to tie it along the piles. Okay. past you when the mermaid busted these gut hives around the house. Did they? Yeah. With their big uh big Good morning. Good morning from Stan Key. I am standing here with a frozen shrimp in my hand because right now we have a shark and he's swimming around. Let's throw that in the water and see if sharky comes up and surfaces for it. We have some guests aboard. Welcome, George. Hi. and Casey. Casey with a K. So, we have two Casey's aboard. There's a rock in the middle here. How excited are you? On a scale of 1 to 10, about 12. All right, Gosh, tell us where we are. We at the top of Boooo Hill right now and it's quite nice. No one's around to judge me. I can't see clearly when you're on blinded by the lights. No, I can't sleep until I feel your touch. I said, "Ooh, I'm drowning in the night." When I'm like this, you're the one I trust.

  Top Comments:
  1. @InTooDeepBro [257 likes]: I can't thank you all enough for all of the support and advice in the comments of every video, It is truly amazing. You guys (and gals) make these videos possible.🙏 I have some very exciting stuff to come! If you are interested in checking out Jackery portable power stations, click here!
https://www.jackery.com?aff=2269&utm_source=affiliatly&utm_medium=affiliate&utm_campaign=affiliatelyus
  2. @DavidArden [1 likes]: Just love this videos 🎉
  3. @Kimian111: Stop killing those beautiful conchs.
  4. @brian2ize: Big cleetus fan here and the t shirt 👌 love it
  5. @DJEyeBee: Those urchins aren't too bad or too sharp. Google a long spine purple urchin if you want to have nightmares about stepping on things!
  6. @DJEyeBee: Bruh... tightening that oil filter with the  strap wrench was DIABOLICAL.
  7. @jeffgrigg917: You need sola pannels and a charger to be more off grid
  8. @Movieman1965: Hey, Gus. I kmow this video post is 11 months old. But, regardless, I got curious about the Jackery. I checked over at Project Farm. He had tested it and it had the highest ranking except on price. Keep up the great adventure content! Thanks.
  9. @rkass2871: Wake up and put a ring on her finger.  You’d make her the happiest woman in the world.
  10. @edwuest9047: Smart man change everything
  11. @randallwalton2687: You over tighten that oil filter
  12. @darrenknowles842: I like watching y'all get progressively more tan in each episode! lol.  From an iridescent Maine white, to golden.
  13. @Kimian111: She looks like she's struggling.  Why don't you give her some swimming and treading lessons?  It looks awkward and dangerous.  I don't think she was having fun snorkeling.
  14. @Southernanjel: That sunset was absolutely stunning. Great video.
  15. @RonnieForgione-e7z: Casey rocking the Skynyrd shirt 28:50.
  16. @ericmartin5720: Please give the artists you have so masterfully chosen, the groove is just perfect. Detroits are the soundtrack, and when they are off options run wild, try Kentucky Headhunters, they rock!
  17. @paulacollum2198: Hey, at this time 42:53 it actually looked pretty good. It kinda looked like a commercial video, but it actually looked pretty good.
  18. @1selfdefense727: Casey needs a set of fins,concentrating on legs it will keep her a little more horizontal. She seems like a wonderful young lady, with a little more confidence and time she will be fine.. thank you Gus for great videos!
  19. @1selfdefense727: What a beautiful tranquil place!
  20. @burgundypoint: Where the black tips at?

- A GIRL'S SIMPLE BOAT LIFE; single-handed island hopping the Bahamas [ep 78]: Kind: captions Language: en I have been loving the Newfound freedom of sailing to the win schedule however even with this Freedom hurricane season is already here and I have boat work that I am looking forward to doing in the Southern Caribbean and a lot of distance to cover to get there the Bahamas is my favorite place in the world and I'm finally getting to my favorite outer Islands but I have to start working my way South which begins today this clear water is something that I will forever be in love with and I hope you enjoyed these last weeks of it with me thank you for joining in this life with me I couldn't do it without your support especially patrons and I'm so excited to continue sharing it with you yeah you want to sail today well today yeah Mako I have not checked the radar but it's supposed to be clear skies when's coming from south Southeast it's not the perfect direction for where I'm planning to go but I don't really have plans I'm just trying to go with the wind but I think this is this is supposed to be the only day of clear skies that I get but it's also red sky and morning Sailors take warning so we shall see I think tomorrow and the day after is supposed to be stormy again the toy um but I need to get the dinghy up put dive gear away all that drink some coffee so we'll keep you posted but I think we're gonna be sailing today no Mako don't get that Mako don't get that you're on fire this morning oh my God [Music] thank you I guess it's really time to leave the Exumas we'll see you never know where the wind's gonna take me at this rate because I have no idea where I'm going today giving another place again another Bittersweet moment if this really is my last time in the Exumas for a while for a long while it's very bittersweet but it's the story of the life lately keep leaving places and keep making memories and hopefully this one behaves from Boston he hates the sound bye she loves Sundays and champagne can't stand anything that she can't change fact I realized once I got here was I have not been through Daniel cut my boat since I brought my boat back from Puerto Rico and that was in the dark not fun it's very stressful and I haven't been here to cut since then so kind of crazy like yeah how pretty 24 years old don't know how to be alone I've lost all control handle twice so my update is I'm maybe half a mile out of the cut I'm going two to three knots with 11 knots of wind the wind is directly in my face it's not even a close haul it's directly in my face and I'm going three knots and that won't even get me to my destination so I'm not sure if it's worth it today and I think I may turn around and I've never really done that so what can we do well we made it the full like two miles south of where we were yep but this water is so pretty I wonder if you guys will make bets on how long it actually takes right I don't even know it's gonna take forever I think good morning it's about eight o'clock 7 may go the wind was supposed to change directions shocker that it did not so this is where the wind was from yesterday and it was supposed to be from there today that's a good 10 15 degrees which would make a different sailing but because it's still more from the East I'm going to try to sail down south Exuma chain yesterday the wind was not perfect for that and it may still be too much on my nose today but I need to start I need to move if I can and in a few days the wind just dies so I'm gonna attempt to move I think it actually shifted like halfway to where it was supposed to be so now it should be like directly in my face to go out of the Exumas it's called the thorny path for a reason I'm not even on the thorny path yet foreign is on right now Maine is two-thirds out the wind's at about 20 25 degrees and I'm going straight South which means the wind is as predictive I just couldn't tell in the Anchorage so I'm gonna go down to a cut that's about 10 miles south of my motor sale there charge the batteries and tasty and from there I should be able to cut across the Cat Island or somewhere and hopefully I make it before dark but it's an easy Anchorage so no big deal if I make it after Dark that is the current ripping officially saying goodbye to the examples seven and a half knots 10 to 12 knots a win super happy I have not sailed quickly in a while I've not sailed in deep water in a really long time but you guys have never seen me such a fish probably won't happen it's beautiful out here it is absolutely gorgeous out here sunny skies two to four foot swell and a long swell a lot prettier than yesterday was down a little bit than it was yesterday I don't even have the full main now autopilot is acting up a bit but it's holding heading ish keeps varying but I'm just gonna let it be I've messed with it a little bit I've made sure the heading is correct so it's not as bad as it was but yeah so beautiful out here and it feels so good to say it's so easy to say when there's people around and there's meetups and all that but that's one thing we have to decide as Sailors is when it's good to go for us for the boat and when we need people time but right now I've been waiting for wind for a while and I knew I needed to go a little update it is still beautiful wind is still going 10 to 12 knots we're going five six knots we've gone about 25 miles and we have another 25 miles well straight shot we have 30 mile straight shot we have 30 miles but we're going to show you guys Street night it's 30 miles to there but we're going there and that's about 20 miles to that point now my other option is to go down to Long Island because the wind's coming from like right there but the wind is also supposed to shift to straight in front of me which would give me the angle so I don't know what I'm doing but it's beautiful out here some of you have asked is Sterling working out in the ocean and the answer is yes it does work out in the ocean I still have my RV plan which means that I lose it once I'm a certain distance from land which I'm okay with going in these hops I have my Garmin in reach on so I still have contact with people in an emergency now for a long Crossing I probably would switch to the uh I think it's two dollars per gigabyte plan but for now I'm keeping my RV plan because so a lot cheaper for uploading a fingertips and I can't do it hey what are you doing no that's our fishing line that's why I don't catch stuff the fishing line got a knot in it and it had seaweed on it but I couldn't reel it and try to pull it all in so now Mako has a toy but safe to say we made it back in Cat Island and I'm just praying I don't get bit by mosquitoes tonight because this island is terrible for that and I get a hot shower because the engine ran for two hours I have just spent the morning debating what I'm gonna do I think I'm gonna Sail Out see where the wind takes me literally it would be nice to stop in Long Island and see everyone I just I really love it here and yeah I would like to get to Grenada but I also know it's late in the season but there's also work I want to do on the boat I don't really want to stay in Dr for hurricane season so I do think I need to start going so I'm gonna raise the sails and head on my way but that was I think it's almost 10 o'clock now yeah so I've been debating all this for four hours this morning some years and wins calm down for a little bit it's now back up to 15 to 18 knots going back to five knots we're going like three knots for a little bit but we're also going pretty far upwind I put the Mainsail out a little bit more I decided to go into Calabash Bay I love it so much there it would have going to be a shorter trip and I know tomorrow I probably wouldn't be doing anything anyway if I didn't get in until three to seven a.m was my ETA so might as well get some sleep being one of the most beautiful days and get some free comforters with happy hour and that's the plan good so one thing that I got is a mini washing machine um and I'm very excited about it I have turned this head into a laundry room I'm filling it up with water right now so I just put the shower hose in it takes a few gallons of water per load um it draws 10 15 amps per cycle but here's the timer so 3 6 9 12 15 soft standard and then you push drain to drain the water out and it also has the spinner the spinner Works beautifully so most of my things once I hang them out dry super quick and I'm really happy because the laundry machines at the all the laundromats have ruined a lot of my stuff so I really can't tell you guys how excited I am about this one um just being able to do this while I asked to do other things has been it's made my life so much easier water's full it's that easy so I'm at 71 Watts before it runs and then it jumps to 260 so that's about 200 Watts yeah so about 15 amps which is not bad for 15 minutes obviously the lithium batteries make this possible 3000 watt inverter from Xantrex makes this possible so huge shout out to Xantrex for basically providing me with the means of being able to do laundry on this boat completely solar powered and it's very exciting after soaking in the views of this beautiful water and getting some rest it was time to move another 70 miles south to Clarence town about 16 to 17 miles but I've only actually made like seven to eight miles of progress I am attacking back and forth the wind is almost exactly in the direction I want to go I'm trying to make short tacks because it said it was gonna die this afternoon so if it does die I'd like to be close to land and just motor long Land versus having a motor all the way from Attack way out there it's just a beautiful sunny day full sales out well Mains almost fully out um blue blue water have not caught anything two foot long swell with one foot Chop on top it's gorgeous autopilot swing pretty good it's Shug it a little bit but that's the update keeping I'm reading and also books I read a lot of you ask I have a list of books that I've read and such on my Amazon list so check that out if you're interested I have the books that I kind of deal with for where the self-help ones and fun reads on there so that link is below as long as a lot of other things I use so if you're interested you can check that out but thanks for tuning in and hopefully we well we'll be there tonight engine is on it is 6 45 49 we have about 10 miles to go and going seven to eight knots now and this Anchorage is super easy but if I go to the spot I want it's between a sandbar and floral head but if it's already dark the Anchorage is super easy it's just super watered so I haven't lost my anchor yet last year and I did this passage I lost my anchor always tired safety line your anchor not your chain um we should be pulling in right after the sunset to be my guess I have about two miles until 2.2 miles until I am at uh the first marker which goes into the cut so I'll probably start taking down the sails in a few minutes and definitely having some swell out here it's so beautiful out excited the sky is on fire tonight wow this yeah I spent way too long at this Anchorage I know way too well so this is actually the spot where I changed my anchor underwater last year look at this clear water make it over probably not so it feels good to be home hopefully we'll not be here that long again so I'm up here doing a workout yesterday there were dolphins that was amazing the Dolphins are so cute and playful and today there is a massive tiger shark I was in this Bay for three months last year didn't even get a reef shark till the end of it I can't focus on my workout because I know she's circling but she's not coming super close and I want to say close to the boat if I get in little update happy Fourth of July belated um Mako what have we been doing all day what have we been doing all day is that it what are you doing I think that explains oh [Laughter] I think that explains how Mako and I have been feeling today really oh my goodness oh my goodness um Mako and I have been relaxing I read one book in the past two days I've been editing and working but um I've been doing about two boat projects per day what you haven't been doing anything about to get picked up by some of my friends that are training for free diving and we're gonna go ahead to a beach around five o'clock and I've been asked to bring mango so that will be an interesting but yeah it feels really good to not do much I know it doesn't produce content for you guys but we all need vacations and when you live out here sometimes a vacation is doing nothing but sitting down reading a book so I've just been working out working and reading visit with friends and my mom comes in two days makeup what you're just living the worst life yeah you're talkative today what's going on I know you have a rough life and you're going first stay you know you hey where are you going Miko he's a mess yeah you're on land there were so many memories that I will cherish forever from this episode and I hope you enjoyed it as well next week is a really special one for so many reasons my mom comes to visit and we spend my last week in the Bahamas exploring some beautiful places thank you all for your support because I literally couldn't be floating without you all especially my patrons and just a reminder if patreon isn't your thing there are multiple ways to help out in the description including simply subscribing sharing and commenting

  Top Comments:
  1. @laurenlanders [21 likes]: Give a little extra support 💞 The circumnavigation is JUST beginning... all of your help goes towards more gear to make the videos a bit better and the boat safer and more functional for myself as a single hand (and maybe an extra treat for Mako)

PATREON COMMUNITY:  

 patreon.com/laurenlanders   
Paypal: https://www.paypal.com/paypalme/sould...
Venmo: https://account.venmo.com/u/souldelamar
Mako Treats: https://www.buymeacoffee.com/laurenalanR
  2. @kyleheon5050 [3 likes]: Your cat is the best part 🎉
  3. @brandonwoodley9238 [1 likes]: Ever sine I saw wolf of Wall Street I have wanted to go to Granada ❤😊❤
  4. @MrJ-3z [1 likes]: Can you film the Milky Way at night.  Must be beautiful.  Or just sleeping at night. Oh my😗🌵🌵🌵🌵🇺🇸
  5. @PWCaustralia1: The :hand-pink-waving:👠good thing is that there is no room for feminist ideologies when you are alone at sea. Whether you want to or not, you will wash your own dishes
  6. @barryberland981: How does your happy, funny and goofy Mako remain from not falling overboard?
  7. @JohnSk82: 24:05 Oh God what a view
  8. @theBroG: The cat people everywhere be like :)
  9. @davidsnyder4801: I have a friend who has a cat named Mako.... after the shark !
  10. @kismetology8031: cheeks in the thumbnail reported
  11. @annetted2162: I think you should give more background on why you need to be somewhere and when you need to be somewhere and what your plans are just seems like a lot of content, but no context if you know what I mean
  12. @brandonwoodley9238: ❤
  13. @alexwonner7469: The dolphins episode is simply fabulous. It reminds me the story of Jacques Mayor who dived in North Caicos and obviously the fabulous French movie “ Le grand bleu” . I can watch this movie 100 times. I can watch your short dolphin episode 100 times as well….Super beautiful.
  14. @hamzaouamrouche57: HI MAKO🖐❤️
  15. @hamzaouamrouche57: ❤SLAY FIT LAUREN❤
  16. @josefuentez6277: Will you marry me 😊
  17. @TonyAnkele-y5l: You are an inspiration to everyone . 😊 You salty swabby😊
  18. @AnilB-Reddy: Hi Laura... I Love you so much.. please make me your pet
  19. @fred4923: 0:04 0:04 0:04
  20. @ChasWarren-y2x: Great video as always, but the wind noise does get in the way, especially when you are speaking.

- Equipment Failure? No Problem for Sig and Keith | Deadliest Catch: Kind: captions Language: en on the Northwestern just setting this down a little bit West where we were you know things change overnight especially bairdi I could see that they're moving around a lot but we'll just try to box these in this will go pretty quick because we want to get moving on it while just 50 yards away crap into a Feeding Frenzy that's a good way to start Bingo okay if you're ready let's dump it yeah just set it if you're ready we need to stay close to each other [Music] we're carpet bombing and building a big cloud basically we are chumming the crab into this area Captain Sig and Keith bet on well Bait A lot of it using their combined Arsenal to pack twice the herring in half the area saturating the sea with a pungent odor only a crab could love we set our gear so then it's as tight as we can get it we can share the crab you know not a big fan of setting gear right next to somebody but hey if my number's double I between the two of us we should be able to mop up our cabinet that's all we're after man just get this boat to the dock and get rigged for a Paleo this takes one good set you know and then we can make and make Roger that Roger well we'll see how this partnership works I'm still holding my breath I know any more bad blood no more of this stuff put the gear together and then make it happen I want to be done what the hell's going on with this thing steering's gone Clark arm steering Compass missing is there a seagull in my mast ers throw some food out there maybe he'll eat it disrupting the signals so we're losing autopilot so I'm gonna try to be patient I'm feeding the eagles with uh with our bait right now oh we know that they want the herring all right nothing for some reason the autopilot's not working this is not good the satellite on top of the Mask broken in half let's see how come it's gone oh my God you're gonna be jog sticking that's what it looks like to me with a patriotic foul doing the Northwestern autopilot foul everything's going to be by hand from now on that's the way it looks that means you can't leave this thing for one for one gun unbelievable Captain Sig relies on his own bird's eye view old-fashioned charts and a compass to stay the course starboard auxiliary low oil pressure foreign anything else really okay tell me what's going on with the engine rooms because I'm kind of getting scared okay now we stop again I can't take this anymore I'm serious I'm getting tired of it right now this boat this boat that both alarms four I really I want to get out of here what was it was for the hydro cooler it was just leaking on top of it so the starboard was just sucking water right into the air filter we just changed the air filter and stopped the leak we just closed it okay alrighty we need to be right and tight for opies bottom line you know this isn't working hey you got me yeah I got no autopilot damn Eagle hit the thing and smashed it never had the whole day let's just find a way to catch our crab and get the hell out of here the crab will find a way into the tank we need our good luck we'll get it done everybody's focused here with Western hopefully we'll box them in if there's bear dye here we're taking them home here we go right now you know we're looking for averages the numbers look decent enough we should be able to hit our mark I really took the autopilot for granted you have to monitor this jog stick every single second until we get into town the crab in together first pot's coming up just cross your fingers this crab and the rest of the gear that's all I can say crabs yeah well that'll work that's what I'm looking for right there yeah that just from here I can tell by the size of legs wiggling around that you know that's a good thought s 45 45. good volume there the size we're looking for yeah these are looking up here 7-0 right on man run on 7-0 to make clouds working the big Cloud's working thing thank you there we go what'd I say what I say [Laughter] whoa whoa I'm ready bang I told you triple digits this is getting better and better we're stronger together and that's all there is to it we've got our gear set super tight and the crab are just gravitating towards it I'm benefiting six benefited we're taking every little scrap we can I'm real glad that we uh came out here to do this man it's uh coexist and that's a good thing working with Keith some things haven't changed but you know at the end of the day knows what he's doing uh we got the job done and that's all that matters [Applause] after all the headaches the sand fleas the bad start to a partnership with Sig things are finally working out Northwestern and The Wizard are going to get their crab

  Top Comments:
  1. @commonsense31 [45 likes]: I love their new approach of Working together instead of competing against each other. 
It also makes sense, because all of them have quota’s
  2. @shanechostetler9997 [25 likes]: If the cameras weren’t rolling, that eagle would have been bait😂
  3. @tucobenedicto109 [25 likes]: Wizard to the Northwestern:  " were on a 285 heading what do you got?"  
Northwestern, " I got a compass and the stars. Eagle took out the auto pilot!"
  4. @-_-Code-_- [12 likes]: That eagle that broke the satellite dish is Phil Harris letting Sig know hes hanging with him...
  5. @Boots_293 [8 likes]: I love that Sig knew the issue was a bird basically right away haha
  6. @uuzd4s [6 likes]: I worked for Icicle Seafoods in Petersburg Ak from 80-94. I knew both those Skippers and they both sold to us.  The U.S. Coastguard Loves to recruit Captains from SE Alaska because that particular group of Islands represents over 70% of the U.S. Coastline . . . it's a Rockpile and if you can navigate thru that, you can navigate anywhere. Sig was never gonna have any problem having to navigate "old school" using the tiller & Charts. You can sure tell a Norwegian but you can't tell em much !  : )
  7. @projectboys7660 [5 likes]: ANYTHING ELSE!! Really! What a legend!
  8. @adssco120 [4 likes]: LOL.. Anyone notice from inside the wheelhouse, outside there is a blizzard with snow and heavy swells and wind. Then  we see footage from the deck you see calm weather..... No wonder they say the Bearing sea is confused.
  9. @bobbysexton3982 [2 likes]: Josh and Jon and Casey should had warn about Keith lying to them every one should leave Keith in the dark and don't let him get any crab the only time to help him if his boat is sinking or man over board thats it
  10. @Vic10270 [1 likes]: Recent episodes have Edgar at the helm with Mandy nowhere in sight. Explanation?
  11. @2nicnag2: I could never do this job but I think I think I could at least attempt watch so the guys can sleep, my husband has an insanely hard manual labor job but he says even he wouldn’t join a boat going crabbing
  12. @jaimeschmidt1264: And Keith goes to something his generation can't figure out.. he wants to be cool but,b *unst unst unst"... For real, ummm nope not cool.
  13. @breizhgamer2693: Avec 70 crabes ils sont contents, pourtant je me rapelle des premieres saisons ou ils pechaient entre 400 et 700 crabes
  14. @michaelfassilis4194: That eagle in the mast is just Captain crab-fart bubbles 😁 messin with ya' ..
  15. @edpoints1127: The satellite dish was fine... Even after the eagle left. Setup for TV? 🤔🤔🤔
  16. @johnled4375: What did you say Jonathan you're going to jail now Alaskan Alaskan car is coming after every one of you yeah I've reported every one of you and you're not getting any of the catch nope
  17. @johnled4375: Just so you know Sid the Coast Guard's coming after you they're already aware of you Josh Johnson case Jake they're aware of all of you you're all going to jail
  18. @johnled4375: Time Bandit or not trying better wizard if you're up there in my boat you're going to jail the last can Coast Guard check to check that boat I believe it's on by John Ledford Senior yep and I want Keith taken to jail he's not getting any of the cats either if it's my boat yeah well the bank and right there did you have the bank right there I'll tell you yeah he's on my boat he's going to jail too yep you better hope you ain't got my boat up there Jonathan if you got it up there you're going to jail and tell me that right now check check your Time Bandit too yeah if the Sega goes up there if it's up there he's going to jail I'm done went through this once with them already I'm not going to it twice I want them all in jail now yeah Cecilia Marie I want it I want it Jake Josh I want a mall in jail yep take them all to jail
  19. @johnled4375: Said I know you got my boat up in Alaska I'm fixing to have the Alaskan police arrest you yeah the boat stoled in the Northwestern it's supposed to be in Las Vegas said tuck it went back up to Alaska I want him arrested and all the cats that he's caught is to go payable to John Ledford Ledford yeah let John Ledford Ledford racing that's where she got payable okay yeah see it's not getting a penny of the money that he's catching he's going to jail for everything that he's done him and his daughter they're all going to jail yeah I told you she said if I caught you with my boat I'd take you back to jail now you get the boat back to Florida coast guard US Coast Guard that Northwestern is stolen yep get it back yep take him to jail yeah he's probably up by the Russian border I would imagine yeah get it get it get his ass and get him arrested thank you yeah she's going to jail too Mindy I'm Prosecuting both of them yep yep thank you
  20. @dlfidgaf: yeah that was a great catch. but how old was that clip. are those guys dead now today.

- $46,000 Worth Of Equipment SINKS To The Bottom Of The Sea! | Deadliest Catch: Kind: captions Language: en The weather's just miserable. We got an orderly right now and be in the trough, but oh well, but we'll be loading this boat. Pray to God. These are 200s and 300s. Come on, baby. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Oh, yeah. They got crab legs. Yeah, baby. Awesome. Woo! Yeah, baby. Woo! 270. Boom. Yeah. Push, push, push. Now we're rolling. Time, man. It's rocking. We got a crowd killing machine that's made to make people money. We're swinging full speed. We're right in the groove we need to be in. It's good to be captain. It's good to be the king. I see a very bright future for us going home, my friend. Damn it. I see alarms going off left and right. Hey, Neil. I got no propulsion. I got alarms going off everywhere. Got no prop turning port side. Hey guys, jump them ground shut down. I need people relaying to me. Andy has lost propulsion on his port side propeller, slowing the time band to half speed. Yeah, it's the shaft's spinning. The shaft's spinning. Yeah. So, the shaft's spinning, but I have no problem. The propeller shaft is spinning, but it's not providing any power. Give me a GoPro and let's do it now. Let's see what got down there. We'll get any kind of light we can get. Andy's only option. Examine the prop with one of production's waterproof cameras. Okay, you're rolling. You in gear, Eddie? Yep. It's in gear. Should we do it again? Looks like a rudder. Just a shaft. That's the shaft. There ain't no props hanging off. That's the shiny part where the problem goes. You got no problem. It looks like my shaft totally snapped off, which is means you're in a world. So, oh yeah, looks like it broke off. The time bandit has lost one of the two propellers that drive the boat. Seriously. [Music] $26,000 propeller at the bottom of the ocean with $20,000 shaft is no longer good. Got $100,000 bill coming up. Plan D. We're going to Dutch Harbor right now. in Dutch Harbor. We now know that our shaft could twist off. Unheard of ever happening that I know of. Bottom line is we ain't got a propeller. So, I have $300,000 of crab still to catch. I mean, this is some serious serious money loss. Shaft's probably two weeks. My season's over. Basically, I can tell you that my season's over right now. I'm just sick. With over 100 grand and repairs needed, Andy's Opilio season is in jeopardy. How are you doing? Better than I was on the road. On the bell. Right on. Tech boss Scotty Hillstrand calls his father, Jonathan. I can't believe our shaft broke. Dude, did you hear about all that? They got it broken right there where you think Oh, yeah. I just talked to Ian down in Atoria and he said there's a a 90 ft boat all set up and they're looking for a skipper, but I thought about maybe going trying that out and then uh you know if it if it worked out and I could lease the quota. If you get above the quota and that's where you make well that's where you make the difference. With the time bandit's future uncertain, Scotty looks to put their remaining quota to use on another vessel. Let's go get Captain May. Okay. I really miss you. All right. Miss you too, man. Okay. Love you. Bye. I just had to talk with my dad. I just feel like at least you'd have another contingency plan. So, I'd like to maybe lease the quota. Having the quota to be able to bring over to another boat is huge leverage to get in the wheelhouse. I just got to see if Andy at least has quota to me. You have no idea. No idea. So, anyways, I was talking to my dad a little bit about quotas and stuff. If you guys do end up deciding to lease the quota out, I just wanted to know what your guys's lease rate would be. Scotty, we don't have a plan right now. We don't know what's going to happen in anything. So, okay. Just trying to make a plan, but you know, if the more quota I can get, the more the better it would be as a business plan to walk up to approach somebody for the opportunity to do it. Yep. Yep. Got no propeller on the port side of my boat. Last thing I'm worried about is quota right now. So, we'll miss you, man. It's been great having you here. Good solid hydro guy. You a Seahawks fan? We'll let a few of you guys go watch the game. Scotty says he wants to go to lease quarter now and go run a boat. We're not going to ever do it and it's not your boat. And yeah, Eddie worked underneath me 8 years. Yeah, they have to all learn. The problem is that Scotty wants to run the boat the first year. All these years, Scotty could have been running this boat for salmon tender, but he only want to run the boat for crab. There ain't no family legacy. There ain't no heritage bull. I'm I'm a captain. I'm a captain. I got a license. I'm a cap. No, you're not. You don't know. It's been like really hard for me to get through to my uncle. I've been trying to talk seriously, and you know, it's a family business. I'd love to have the opportunity to take it over, but I just feel like there's something more inside of him that's going on that I can't pick through. And I don't know what what's what's going on inside his head.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Therecanbeonly123 [11 likes]: To be fair (all melodrama aside) the Hillstrands' boat certainly is the one you'd want to work on- or your way up to. Between Johnathan and Andy, you've got solid captains who seem to look after their crews foremost.
Respect from someone whose ancestors in the 1890s spent 88 days on a ship from Orkney-Scotland to New Zealand- knowing that would damn near break me!
  2. @rkr7372 [10 likes]: It’s always been very noticeable that Andy  doesn’t like Scotty for some reason or another.
  3. @EwokNips84 [2 likes]: Andy's freaking out about expenses and said he's only worried about the prop not the quota. If he leases the quota wont he be able to make a little money back instead of just sitting at the port and not fishing? Seems kinda dumb to me but what do i know? He seems kinda pissy, which i understand, he's stressed out pretty bad, but that doesnt excuse his behavior towards his nephew. He's just trying to help out and Andy just blew him off
  4. @rangerjones5531 [1 likes]: Scripted crap
  5. @edmay1545 [1 likes]: So
 The crew filming. This is not supposed to interact. Or help but yet the captain for lack of a better word is using help from the camera crew. This show is totally freaking fake.  Just like.
All the captains
  6. @chantelrhine8965: This is what happens when you dont pull your boat
  7. @CurtisAllen-t7g: Andy was never a captain anyway...Johnathan has been the man the whole time
  8. @monicadombrowski3611: Andy Hillstrand looks like Forest Gump. Was Andy an actor before driving the boat?
  9. @CurtisAllen-j8n: 3 hundred thousand of crab to catch..and he does not care if he catches it after being presented with a offer....not a smart business owner in eyes..did not want to see someone be a hero besides himself.
  10. @TheKingofkingspliluse: I couldn't imagine spending a million dollars to replace my motors, entire drive train, and 2 brand new 5 blade  props for one of them to fall off two weeks later.  I wouldn't have been able to keep my cool at all...
  11. @KingOfTheHill2025: Andy is a man baby... acts like he can't be humbled. Every man can be humbled
  12. @KAIJUKING123: At least only the prop snapped off the shaft and not further inside the shaft.
  13. @nicknorris100: Both guys are wrong here
  14. @anthonyvespia6662: Johnathans son looks just like him. His dad and uncle are legends. I hope he'll be a great caotain. 🚢 🦀 🌊
  15. @paulrash8861: Shaft problems are not good😊
  16. @BravoOneGT: I never understood quotas what if they catch their coat but they still got 20 pots in the water
  17. @BadgerBadgerBadger28: Never ever try sell someone’s else’s quota it ain’t yours
  18. @YouTubeOGSinceO6-vv9jn: So the propeller broke off. Then how did you propel back to the harbor? I'm confused
  19. @scallen3841: This guy bitches about everything
  20. @conqueringlion420: He’s a b. Thats what’s going on

- The Secret of Piper Alpha Oil Rig Disaster lies at the Bottom of the Sea: Kind: captions Language: en It was in the year 1998 that the world's most advanced and largest oil producing oil rig resounded in the sea near Scotland, and within minutes the sea froze. Despite three months of hard work, the investigation team could not find out the real reason behind this accident. However, after three months, when the debris of the oil rig was pulled out from the sea, a small piece of paper was found in it, and what was written on that piece revealed the truth of the entire accident. When TV videos once again showed the audience, in 1976, in this very part of the deserted sea, 100 kilometers away from the Scottish city of Aberdeen, another oil platform, known as Piper, started the work of oil extraction and production. Flower was a very strong and advanced oil platform, which had the capability to withstand a storm of 185 kilometers per hour. So this was in a part of the ocean where no city was inhabited for a long time. No, but Piper Alpha was a city in itself because at one time it housed 226 workers who worked 24 hours a day in shifts. Apart from being a high-tech facility of its time, Piper Alpha was also the most productive work place in the world. In its heyday, Delhi used to produce more than 1.3 million tonnes of oil. Seeing its success, after just four years, i.e. in 1998, it was also used for processing natural gas and liquid petroleum gas. Its total weight was 20,000 tonnes, which is equivalent to approximately 100 train loads. If we estimate its height, it was again 900 feet high, while more than half of it used to be under the sea. Yes, it was not a floating oil platform, but surprisingly, its foundation was raised from the bottom of the sea 750 feet. The main work of I. Ahilya was oil production, which was done on the production deck. There were several modules installed on this deck, in which Module A pumped oil and gas and Module B. It processed sea oil and gas. To power all of this and supply the entire electricity network, there was a model ultimatum equipped with heavy generators. This is a very complex process that requires regular maintenance of parts. For this maintenance, Piper Alava had an army of over 200 workers, for whom compartments were built above the production bench. Workers kept their waste here, for which there was also an entertainment cafeteria and sleeping quarters. July 6, 1978, like in other countries, was a routine working day for these workers. At 7:45 AM in the morning, the maintenance staff received permission from the control room to maintain a pump. The shift operator in the control room granted them permission after completing the paperwork. Let us tell you here that this is routine work to maintain the system on any offshore oil platform, hence there was nothing out of the ordinary about it. Normally, offshoring takes place several thousand meters below the bottom of the ocean. The oil and gas are pumped from below, processed, and then exported through pipelines using compressor pumps. This is because we're talking about crude oil, natural gas, and LPG, which are highly flammable fuels. Therefore, several safety valves are installed throughout the pipeline so that if any pump malfunctions, the valves for dangerous gases emanating from the ground automatically close. On the production date of Pipe Ahimsa, Pump A was underpressuring gas, while Pump B was also shut down, as its job was to provide backup to Pump B. Normally, Pump B runs for several days, and after that, the second pump is switched on, or if one pump malfunctions, the second pump is started. At 12:00 noon, the maintenance workers were busy opening Pump B's safety valve, as it was their maintenance duty, and they had already obtained Shubh's permission for this work. It was already 6:00 p.m., but Pump B's safety valve was still under maintained. It could not be completed, due to which the workers scheduled this work for the next day and there was no danger in this also because the pump was doing its work and if there was any problem in it at night, then the gas volume would be automatically controlled by the staff. The time for the morning shift to end had come and all the workers handed over the charge to the night shift workers. A total of 6 workers were working in the night shift, while the remaining 164 workers went upstairs to relax in the living quarters. It was a routine working day for the night shift workers as well, but now the time came when things started going wrong. At 9:45 in the night, the control room staff got an alarm that the pump had stripped. This pump used to pressurize the gas at 78th stage, this is the same pressure as the air pressure in a car's tyre. The pressure should be increased these times. A team of pump operators went to the pump and tried to restart it. Normally the pump starts easily, but this time it was not happening. Now the condition was such that gas was continuously leaking from half of the ground. Gas was accumulating in the tank, and if the pump didn't run for the next half an hour, the gas valve would close, and with it, the entire line production process. Of course, it wasn't that dangerous, but worker Rakesh Dont wanted to avoid it at all costs. The operators now had only one option left: to start the breakup pump, i.e., the pump. So, they went to the control room and checked the maintenance sheet. They found that the morning shift had n't started the maintenance work on the pump yet. Seeing this, it was decided to turn on the pump. Everything returned to normal as soon as the pump was started. But 10 minutes later, at 9:55, several more alarms started ringing in the control panel. These were n't morning alarms, but gas leakage alarms, indicating that there was a leak somewhere in the ring. Before the control room staff could do anything else, there was a sudden loud explosion, and a fire broke out in the ring. A captain, who was passing by, witnessed the entire scene and reported that a blue flame had first erupted in the room. This explosion had caused a gas leak. It caused a commotion throughout the ring. Some workers jumped into the water to save their lives, while others, following the instructions, waited for helicopter rescue. Meanwhile, all the automatic Shutter systems were activated, shutting down generators, pumps, and compressors. The place that used to be bustling with noise 24 hours a day was now filled with a terrifying silence. But this silence didn't last long. At 10:20, there was a second explosion. Due to the raging fire, helicopter rescue was out of the question. The entire incident was written and recorded by the nearby technicians who were installing the underwater pipeline. By this time, the news had spread like wildfire. News channels around the world, including Europe, began reporting on it. Before anything else could be done to extinguish the fire, a third explosion shook the entire Piper Alpha, sending production modules and living quarters into the sea. That day, which had been a routine work-in, was about to become a sad day in history. 167 workers lost their lives when the caffeine workers managed to save their lives in extremely difficult conditions. From the first blast to the third blast, it took a full one and a half hours for the Ahilya pipe to be destroyed and this news dealt a major blow to the oil industry. On the other hand, the workers working on it started resigning from their own pockets and many oil platforms were shut down in the name of safety checkup. All the questions were being raised that how such an advanced and so productive brake was destroyed. An investigation team was formed which had to get to the bottom of this matter but they had nothing except photographic evidence and a few eyewitnesses. Initially, no one knew the real reason for this accident but after three months when the debris was taken out from the bottom of the sea, a paper document was found in it which revealed the whole truth. On the day of the accident, at 07:45 AM on Shubh, when the maintenance team had asked for permission to maintain the pump, they had also taken the permission to maintain the safety valve of the pump. For this, permission was sought on a separate document and the investigation team had received this document. Before turning on pump B, the night shift people saw that the maintenance of pump B was not started but they did not see the document for removing the safety valve of the other two pumps which had already been removed by the day shift people. Both the pump and the safety valve are present in different rooms, that is why no one noticed that the safety valve of pump B was not present. Due to the absence of safety valve in pump B, gas leaked from it and within 10 minutes the gas came out by tearing the firewall of module C and suddenly a fire broke out in it. The fire that broke out in module C soon reached the cylinder P where thousands of tonnes of crude oil was present in the cylinder. Due to the fire of this crude oil, there was a second explosion which damaged the LPG gas line and due to the damage to the LPG gas line, there was a third explosion. If you want to estimate the magnitude of this explosion, then just know that in the first At the time of the fire, there was so much gas present in it that it could have met the domestic consumption of the entire United Kingdom. Due to this small mistake, not only did the company suffer the loss of two more workers but many lives were also lost in this accident. Even today, there is a sculpture in the memory of these workers in the Scottish city of Aberdeen, where their families visit regularly. I hope that when this TV video is also liked and shared by all of you, I thank you very much for your loving comments. See you in the next wonderful video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @M_UMAR07 [1 likes]: 😱😱☺️
  2. @motivationalspeechyt777 [1 likes]: Bhai Aap Voice Keise edid kar te ho 😅
  3. @SceneRahasya [1 likes]: Puri Pakistan mein sirf yahi padha likha Insan hoga 

Baki to sab gawar hi hoga😂😂😂😂
  4. @NopeBano-zu8gm: deep water horizons mystery
  5. @shivamrajak1770: Talent have no boundaries ❤❤❤
  6. @subhashkumar3447: भाई वह कागज का टुकड़ा इतनी ज्यादा आग लगने पर भी जला नहीं और इतने महीना पानी में रहने पर भी खराब नहीं हुआ 😮😮😮
  7. @dabbubabbu4426: S जयशंकर sir ने सही कहा था की यूरोप की परेशानी दुनिया की परेशानी
पर दुनिया की परेशानी यूरोप की परेशानी नहीं,,,
  8. @AfnanKhan-dm1tf: 2026 kon Kun de kar haaa🎉
  9. @HansBrand-1772: THANK YOU & LOVE YOU!! SIR ❤
  10. @smaamirhasan108: Pump me only liquid ka process hota h brother 
Compressor me gas ka process hota h 
Please sahi tariqe se jankari rakha karein
  11. @ramkumarjatav4496: 100%supr videos ❤❤
  12. @adamalikhan1357: So it was a human error
  13. @treadingshorts9893: Ongc me ho aap
  14. @manojsamantara4624: Ohhhh😮
  15. @shafiqkhansahib7525: Acha mazak ha har jes daba hogi banda mara gya....likan 
Wo pepar sahi salamt ha 😂😂😂😂
  16. @mj.official.x: My first video watching this Chanel , amejing knowledge ❤
  17. @BilalAhmad-kk2og: Zen tv❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
  18. @BilalAhmad-kk2og: O staad g very good
  19. @MuhammadFida-o5k: Imagin zemtv like my comment ❤😊
  20. @DeepakKumar-sm6zq: 100 milian ka comment Karen aapka website 1000 ko device mein chalayen aapka ek ek location sar Ham dekhte hain Kahan Se Kya video se banate hain aapka bahut Sundar awaaz bahut Sundar aapka awaaz Sa Aisa sar 🇮🇪🇮🇪

- Why the Bermuda Triangle Still Terrifies Scientists | Documentary For Sleep: Kind: captions Language: en Hello there and welcome to Life Beyond Scene, where curiosity gets cozy, strange stories settle down beside science, and even the darkest corners of the map are allowed to speak softly for a while. Tonight, we are drifting toward a place that has lived in the public imagination for more than half a century. Not because it is hidden from the world, but because it is right there on the map, crossed by ships, flown over by planes, watched by satellites, studied by experts, and still somehow able to make the mind pause. The Bermuda Triangle, a stretch of the western North Atlantic, often drawn between Florida, Bermuda, and Puerto Rico. Though rather inconveniently for anyone trying to be dramatic with a ruler, its borders are not officially fixed. It is less like a fenced off danger zone and more like a story people have drawn over the ocean again and again until the lines began to feel real. And yet, even if the triangle is not marked by warning lights on the water, even if pilots do not generally avoid it as if it were guarded by sea monsters with clipboards, the name still has a certain chill to it. Say Bermuda Triangle, and suddenly the room gets a little quieter. You may imagine a lonely ship radio going silent, a compass needle turning in a way it should not, clouds gathering too quickly, waves lifting out of nowhere, or an aircraft disappearing from radar while someone somewhere is trying very hard to sound calm. It is one of those mysteries that almost everyone has heard of, even if the details have become a bit foggy over time, like an old photograph left too near a bathroom mirror. Before we go any further into these waters, I'd love to know where you're listening from tonight. Are you somewhere near the sea where the sound of water is ordinary and familiar? Are you far inland with the ocean existing mostly as a thought, a holiday memory, or a place on a weather map? And if you have ever crossed the Atlantic by air, or sailed through open water, did you find it peaceful? Or did some small part of your mind look down at all that blue and think, "Well, this is beautiful." But it is also a very large place to misplace a person. That may be the real reason the Bermuda Triangle still holds us. Not because it proves monsters, aliens, lost cities, or secret portals are waiting between the waves, but because it points to something we already know and often prefer not to think about. The ocean is enormous. The sky above it is enormous. Human machines are clever, strong, and covered in switches, but they are still moving through a world that is much older, heavier, and less interested in our schedules than we would like. A ship can be large enough to carry hundreds of people and still become small once the horizon closes around it. A plane can be full of instruments and still depend on fuel, weather, visibility, communication, and the ordinary good fortune of everything working at once. That is not supernatural. It may be more unsettling than supernatural because it is real. If you find this kind of slow exploration soothing, strange, or simply a good way to let the day loosen its grip, I'd be very grateful if you gave the video a like and subscribed. It helps this quiet little corner of the internet reach other people who enjoy science without shouting, mysteries without panic, and bedtime stories that may occasionally mention rogue waves, which are not ideal for sleep, I admit. But we shall discuss them very calmly. And as always, I do hope this is interesting enough to keep you company, but not so interesting that you find yourself wide awake at 3:00 in the morning checking whether your house plants are aligned with magnetic north. That would be understandable, but perhaps unnecessary. So, settle in. Let your shoulders drop a little. Let the room around you become ordinary and safe. We are not boarding a doomed ship tonight. We are not stepping into a thunderhead. We're simply looking at the story of a place, how it formed, why it grew, why it frightened people, and why scientists, even when they reject the wildest claims, still find the real conditions of that region worthy of respect. The Bermuda Triangle has been called many things. A graveyard, a trap, a mystery zone, the devil's triangle. That last name has done a lot of work over the years, mostly because humans are very good at taking uncertain geography and giving it a dramatic title. The moment a place has a name like that, it stops being just water. It becomes a stage. Every incident inside it starts to feel connected. Even if the same kind of incident somewhere else might be filed away as bad weather, bad navigation, bad luck, or a very regrettable day at work, a missing boat off another coast might be a tragedy. A missing boat in the Bermuda Triangle becomes evidence. This is important because the triangle is not a laboratory with neat walls. There is no official switch you pass where the normal Atlantic ends and the mysterious Atlantic begins. Different writers and storytellers have drawn it differently. Some make it smaller. Some make it enormous. Some include the Bahamas, parts of the Caribbean, and broad routes used by commercial shipping and aircraft. If you draw a large enough shape over a busy enough stretch of ocean, you will inevitably capture accidents, disappearances, storms, mechanical failures, navigational mistakes, and stories that arrive without all their paperwork. The ocean does not need a curse to be dangerous. It has weather, depth, currents, darkness, and distance, which frankly are already doing plenty. And yet, there are cases that helped build the legend because they were genuinely frightening. Not frightening in a cartoon way, not with glowing tentacles rising politely beside the ship, but frightening because of silence. Silence is one of the great engines of mystery. A vessel sends no clear distress call. A plane is lost after confusion over position. Wreckage is not found or not found quickly or not found at all. Families are left with facts that do not connect into a satisfying shape. Investigators can suggest likely causes, but likely is not the same as certain. And where certainty ends, imagination moves in, takes off its coat, and begins rearranging the furniture. Think of how different a story feels when it has an ending. A storm struck. The engine failed. The crew made this decision. The wreck was found here. That is terrible. But it has edges. People can grieve around it. Now think of a disappearance with no final position, no wreckage, no last explanation, only a route, a time, a name, and then nothing. The human mind does not like nothing. It will fill the empty space with theories because theories are easier to hold than absence. A strange light is easier than a missing body. A magnetic anomaly is easier than accepting that the sea can hide evidence with a patient we cannot match. This is where scientists and storytellers often part ways, though not always as sharply as people imagine. A scientist does not need to believe the Bermuda Triangle is supernatural to find it serious. In fact, the serious part is usually the natural part. Sudden storms can build over warm ocean water. The Gulf Stream can move swiftly enough to carry debris away from where a search team expects it to be. Shallow banks can rise near deep channels, creating complicated waters. Tropical systems can develop and change conditions quickly. Human navigation, especially before modern GPS, could become uncertain over open sea. Small mistakes can grow when there are no road signs, no landmarks, and no helpful person at a petrol station telling you that you should have turned left 20 m ago. The region is also busy. That matters. A quiet pond with three boats a year will probably not produce many legends, unless one of the boats is crewed by unusually dramatic ducks. But a major area of ocean near the southeastern United States, the Caribbean, and routes toward Bermuda sees a great deal of traffic. More traffic means more incidents. Not because the place is enchanted, but because probability, like a tired accountant, keeps doing its job. If enough ships and planes pass through an area over enough years, some will encounter trouble. if that area already has a frightening reputation. Each new trouble seems to confirm the old story. Still, there is a difference between saying the Bermuda Triangle is not proven to be unusually deadly and saying there is nothing to learn from it. That would be too simple. The triangle remains interesting because it gathers together many things that make CN air travel vulnerable. Weather, navigation, mechanical reliability, communication, human judgment, ocean currents, waves, and the difficulty of search and rescue all meet there. It is a kind of public classroom, though one with rather poor lighting and far too much water. Scientists may not be terrified of the triangle as a magical place, but they are very aware of how dangerous ordinary nature can become when several risks arrive at once. And that word ordinary deserves a moment. Ordinary does not mean harmless. A hurricane is ordinary in the sense that it belongs to nature. So is lightning. So is a wave taller than a house. So is a current that can move wreckage before anyone knows where to look. So is human error after fatigue, stress, confusing instruments, or poor visibility. The natural world does not become less dangerous because it is explainable. In some ways, explanation makes it more sobering. A monster can be imagined away. Bad weather cannot. A curse can be laughed at. A fuel calculation cannot. A legend may fade, but physics continues turning up to work. Perhaps that is why the Bermuda Triangle still terrifies people who know better. Not because the evidence points to one giant hidden cause, but because the real causes are familiar, scattered, and difficult to defeat completely. No matter how advanced our technology becomes, travel still involves trust. You trust the engine. You trust the forecast. You trust the instruments. You trust the person reading them. You trust that a small issue will remain small. Most of the time that trust is rewarded so routinely that we forget it is trust at all. We sit on planes, watch clouds pass, sip something from a plastic cup and feel mildly annoyed if the snack is disappointing. We do not spend every minute thinking about altitude, pressure, fuel, or the great dark ocean below. Because if we did, air travel would be less transportation and more a group anxiety exercise with seat belts. But the Bermuda Triangle invites those thoughts back in. It asks what happens when the systems we depend on fail quietly or all at once. It asks why some emergencies leave clear trails and others leave only questions. It asks how much of a mystery comes from the event itself and how much comes from the way the event is remembered. It also asks why we are so drawn to places where knowledge feels incomplete. Because humans do love a gap. We may complain about uncertainty, but we also gather around it. We make documentaries, books, maps, late night conversations, and videos like this one. We say we want answers, and we do, but we also want the feeling of standing near the edge of what is known, provided there is a warm blanket nearby and no immediate need to operate a radio. There is also something strangely personal about the Bermuda Triangle. Most famous mysteries sit at a distance. Ancient ruins, deep caves, distant planets, locked archives. But the triangle is part of a modern world of travel. It involves ordinary routes, working crews, training flights, cargo vessels, private boats, holiday waters, and places people still visit. Bermuda is real. Puerto Rico is real. Florida is real. The Bahamas are real. These are not mythical corners beyond the edge of a medieval map where someone has drawn a dragon because they ran out of coastline. These are places with airports, beaches, families, weather reports, and very normal people ordering lunch. The mystery sits beside the ordinary, which makes it harder to dismiss emotionally, even when we understand it rationally. The legend also grew during a time when media could carry fear faster than careful investigation. A disappearance at sea might begin as a report, become an article, turn into a book, and eventually settle into public memory. With details sharpened in some places and blurred in others, the story becomes simpler as it spreads. Ships vanished, planes vanished, compasses spun, no wreckage, no explanation. That version is easy to remember. The fuller version is slower and less tidy. It includes weather records, maintenance questions, training histories, navigation uncertainty, search conditions, conflicting reports, and sometimes the uncomfortable phrase unknown but probably not impossible. Unfortunately, unknown but probably not impossible does not make a very exciting poster. And yet, for our purposes tonight, that slower version is exactly where the fascination lives. Not in proving that every wild claim is true and not in flattening the whole subject into nothing but exaggeration, but in walking carefully between them. There are myths here. There are misreported details here. There are cases that probably have ordinary explanations. There are also genuine losses, real people, real fear, and real environmental hazards. To treat the Bermuda Triangle only as nonsense misses why it became powerful. To treat it only as supernatural misses what the ocean can actually do. So we will let the story breathe. We will begin with the legend itself because legends are not just mistakes. They are records of what frightens a culture. Then we will move through the famous disappearances not to exploit them but to understand why they echoed so loudly. We will look at the geography of the region because maps matter especially when a place becomes famous for being hard to explain. We will talk about compasses, magnetic variation, storms, waves, methane theories, aircraft, human decisions, and the very practical problem of finding wreckage in a moving sea. We will also return now and then to the quieter question beneath it all. Why does this story endure when so many experts have argued that the triangle is not statistically extraordinary? The answer may not be that science has failed. It may be that mystery is not always removed by explanation. Sometimes understanding the pieces makes the whole thing feel even more impressive. A wave does not need to be supernatural to be terrifying. A storm does not need a personality to change lives. A compass does not need to be cursed to confuse someone at the worst possible moment. And an ocean does not need to hate us to swallow evidence. It only needs to be deep, wide, and moving. For now, picture the map in the simplest way. To one side, the coast of Florida with its ports, beaches, and busy skies. Far out in the Atlantic, Bermuda, sitting alone compared with the crowded islands farther south. Below Puerto Rico and the wider Caribbean, warm waters, trade routes, reefs, storms, and long histories of travel. Between these points stretches a region that is not empty, but it can feel empty once you're inside it. From above, it may look like blue glass. From a cockpit, it may look endless. From a deck at night with clouds covering the stars and the radio quieter than you would like, it may feel like the world has narrowed to the sound of the engine and the dark line where water becomes sky. That feeling is not evidence of anything strange, but it is the soil where strange stories grow. And the Bermuda Triangle, more than almost any other modern mystery, has grown very well. The legend did not rise from the water all at once. It gathered slowly, case by case, headline by headline, until a busy part of the Atlantic became something much larger in the public mind. Before it had a famous name, it was only ocean. Ships crossed it. Planes flew over it. Weather moved through it. People worked, traveled, traded, trained, and vacationed across it. There were harbors, routes, islands, schedules, cargo manifests, passengers, maps, and weather reports. Very normal things really. But then scattered through the years, certain disappearances began to collect around the same rough piece of sea. And once people began looking at them together, the ordinary map started to feel less ordinary. That is often how legends begin. Not with a single thunderclap, but with a pattern people think they can see. One ship vanishes. Then another story is remembered. Then a plane disappears. Then someone notices that all these events can be placed inside the same large triangle if you are generous with the edges. And humans are very generous with edges when a mystery is involved. We like a shape. We like a boundary. We like being able to point and say there that is where the strange thing happens. It makes fear easier to hold. A nameless open ocean is too large. A triangle fits neatly into the imagination. Long before the phrase became famous, sailors already knew the Atlantic could be dangerous. That was not new. The sea near the Caribbean and the southeastern United States has always been a place of movement and risk. Warm water feed storms. Reefs and shallow banks can damage ships. Currents can move with surprising force. The Gulf Stream runs like a powerful river through the ocean, carrying warm water northward and carrying debris away from where people might expect to find it. A small boat in trouble can be moved far from its last known position. A piece of wreckage can disappear into distance before a search even begins. None of this requires anything supernatural. It only requires water, weather, and time. Still, once a place gains a reputation, every detail begins to feel suspicious. A delayed radio message becomes eerie. A missing lifeboat becomes a clue. A compass problem becomes part of the pattern. A lack of wreckage becomes the loudest fact of all. The Bermuda Triangle legend grew because it offered something both frightening and simple. It suggested that there might be one hidden answer behind many different accidents. One place, one force, one secret under the waves that is much easier to remember than a 100 separate explanations involving storms, fuel, maintenance, navigation, communication, and human judgment after a long day in difficult conditions. The name itself helped Bermuda Triangle. It sounds official, clean, almost scientific. It sounds like something that might appear on a naval chart with a warning symbol beside it. But the strange thing is that the name came after the stories had already begun. The area was not declared dangerous by nature, then investigated by frightened travelers. The reputation was built by writers, reports, retellings, and the human habit of connecting dots. In the 1960s, the phrase became widely known, and once it entered books, magazines, television, and schoolyard conversations, it became difficult to remove. A good name can hold a mystery together even when the evidence beneath it is uneven. It gives the story a handle, and people do like a handle, especially when carrying something heavy. The older nickname, the Devil's Triangle, added a darker flavor. It made the place sound less like geography and more like a warning whispered between sailors. Of course, the ocean has collected these kinds of names for centuries. Sailors have always named dangers in dramatic ways. Partly because danger at sea deserves respect. And partly because spending weeks with nothing but water around you gives the imagination a lot of free time. Storms become beasts. Currents become traps. Fog becomes a wall. Rocks become teeth. These are not scientific descriptions, but they tell us how people felt. The sea was not just a route. It was something you survived. The Bermuda Triangle legend fits into that older tradition. It is a modern sea story wearing the clothes of aviation and radio technology. Instead of wooden ships and lanterns, it has aircraft engines, control towers, military training flights, distress calls, and search planes. But the emotional structure is ancient. Someone sets out. The weather changes or the instruments confuse them or no one knows exactly what happened. Then they do not return. The sea keeps the evidence. People on land try to explain it. The gap remains. The story grows. One reason the legend became so strong is that disappearance is different from disaster. A disaster with wreckage is terrible, but it gives the mind something to rest on. There is a place, a cause, a sequence. Investigators can say this failed, then this happened, then this was the result. A disappearance is colder. It leaves people staring at a last known position, a planned route, a time on a clock, and then empty space. When there is no wreckage, the imagination has room to keep walking. It can walk for decades if nobody stops it. The ocean is very good at creating that kind of room. On land, evidence has a better chance of staying where it fell. A broken vehicle remains beside road. Tracks, marks, debris, witnesses, cameras, and buildings can help. At sea, the scene does not sit still. Waves break things apart. Salt water damages material. Currents move debris. Storms scatter everything. Deep water hides what sinks. Even today with satellites, sonar, GPS, aircraft, and trained search teams, finding a lost vessel or aircraft in open water can be extremely difficult. In earlier decades, it was far harder. A missing ship could become a mystery not because it had entered another dimension, but because the ocean had no obligation to preserve the evidence politely for investigators. That does not make the stories less haunting. In some ways, it makes them more so. The facts are simple enough to understand, but they do not feel comforting. A boat can sink quickly. A plane can run out of fuel. A radio can fail. A pilot can become disoriented. A storm can arrive sooner than expected. A search can cover the wrong area because the last reported position was wrong. These explanations are ordinary in the sense that they belong to the real world, but they are not small. They remind us that travel depends on many things going right at the same time. As the legend spread, certain themes repeated themselves. Compass needles were said to behave strangely. Radios were said to go silent. Skies were described as strange or empty. Ships were imagined as vanishing without a trace, as if the surface of the water had opened for a moment and then closed again. Some stories were based on real losses. Others were exaggerated. A few were attached to the triangle even when the details were uncertain, distant, or not quite inside the usual area. This is another way legends grow. They do not always lie directly. Sometimes they gather loosely. They borrow. They simplify. They leave out the dull parts. And the dull parts are often where the explanation lives. For example, bad weather is not always remembered with the same force as a final mysterious message. A maintenance issue is less memorable than a spinning compass. A known navigational problem is less exciting than a pilot saying the ocean looked wrong. Human error is uncomfortable because it is human and because it can feel unfair to blame people who are no longer here to explain themselves. So the story drifts towards something outside human responsibility, a strange force, a cursed area, a scientific anomaly. That does not mean people are foolish for wondering. It means people are trying to make tragedy feel less random. The Bermuda Triangle also became famous during an era when aviation still carried a certain wonder. Planes had become common enough to connect the world, but not so ordinary that people had stopped seeing them as remarkable. A large aircraft crossing over open ocean still felt like an act of confidence. It still does if you think about it for too long. You sit inside a metal tube above miles of water, eating a small packet of biscuits while pretending this is a normal Tuesday. The fact that it works almost every time is one of the great achievements of modern engineering. The fact that it does not always work is enough to keep old fears alive. Ships too carried a different kind of unease. A ship looks permanent. Even a medium-siz vessel seems too large to simply vanish. From the dock, it has weight, railings, engines, crew, equipment, and purpose. But scale changes at sea. A ship that looked enormous in port can become a dot between waves. A storm can make a stronghold seem fragile. A mechanical failure far from help can turn a routine passage into a serious emergency. And if no distress call gets out, the difference between safe and missing may be discovered only after someone notices the vessel did not arrive. The legend beneath the waves, then is not only about the Bermuda Triangle. It is about our relationship with systems we trust. We trust schedules. We trust that departure leads to arrival. We trust that a route exists because many people have taken it before. Most of the time that trust is justified. Planes land, ships dock, people complain about delays instead of disasters, which is a very good sign for civilization, even if it does make airport waiting areas slightly gloomy. The Bermuda Triangle frightens us because it interrupts that assumption. It says, "What if a journey simply does not finish? What if the route is known, the machine is real, the people are trained, and still the ending is missing?" There is another ingredient in the legend, and it may be the most powerful one. The Bermuda Triangle sits in waters many people associate with beauty. blue seas, warm air, islands, beaches, coral, cruise ships, holiday brochers, and photographs where everyone appears to own at least one white linen shirt. It is not a frozen polar passage or a remote black trench at the bottom of the world. It is near places people visit for rest. That contrast makes the fear sharper. The same water that looks peaceful from a hotel balcony can become dangerous beyond the reef. The same sky that looks bright in a postcard can build thunderstorms. The same region that promises escape can become, in the legend, a place from which people do not return. This contrast helped the story spread. It gave people the uncomfortable pleasure of looking at a beautiful place and imagining something hidden inside it. Not hidden in a literal sense necessarily, but hidden from easy understanding. A calm sea surface can reveal almost nothing about what is happening below. Depth, current, temperature, reefs, wreckage, sandbanks, marine life, and old debris can all exist under a smooth blue skin. From above, the ocean can look empty. Beneath it, the world is busy. that is not mystical. It is just difficult to see. Scientists, investigators, and skeptics have often pushed back against the legend by pointing out that the area is heavily traveled, that many cases have practical explanations, and that the number of disappearances does not appear extraordinary when compared with other busy parts of the ocean. This matters. It keeps the story from becoming careless. It reminds us that a famous mystery is not automatically a real anomaly. If millions of people cross an area safely and a small number do not, the losses may be tragic without proving that the region itself is uniquely strange. Statistics are not always comforting, but they are useful. They are the sensible friend at the sleepover who turns the light back on and explains that the scratching sound is probably a tree branch. But even that sensible friend may still glance at the window. That is where the Bermuda Triangle lives now somewhere between explanation and atmosphere. The strongest versions of the legend are not supported by evidence in the way believers sometimes claim. At the same time, the oceanic and atmospheric risks in the region are real enough to deserve respect. The myth says there is one terrifying secret. Science says there are many ordinary hazards and ordinary hazards can become terrifying when they overlap. A sudden storm is enough. A compass misunderstanding is enough. A strong current is enough. A tired decision at the wrong moment is enough. When several arrive together, mystery may not be far behind. The legend also survives because it is flexible. If a ship is lost, the triangle can include the sea. If a plane disappears, it can include the sky. If instruments fail, it can become magnetic. If weather changes, it can become atmospheric. If wreckage is missing, it can become oceanic. If all practical explanations sound incomplete, it can become supernatural. A flexible legend is hard to sink because it changes shape around objections. When one theory weakens, another rises. Aliens, Atlantis, sea monsters, time warps, methane bubbles, rogue waves, secret military experiments, magnetic fog. Some are imaginative, some are loosely connected to real science. Some belong more comfortably in late night television, preferably watched with snacks and a healthy sense of caution. The scientific sounding theories are especially interesting because they show how much people want mystery to feel respectable. A sea monster is fun, but a magnetic anomaly sounds like something that might have a diagram. A time portal is dramatic, but methane hydrate release comes with laboratory words. Rogue waves are real, powerful, and frightening, so they can be pulled into the legend even when they may not explain every famous case. This does not mean all such ideas are wrong in every situation. It means a real phenomenon can be used too broadly if it is asked to explain everything. Science usually works case by case. Legends prefer one grand answer. That is one of the reasons they argue so often. A careful view of the Bermuda Triangle must allow for uncertainty without feeding fantasy. Some events probably have explanations that are now beyond recovery because records were poor. Witnesses are gone and physical evidence was never found. Unknown does not mean impossible. It means unknown. That may sound obvious, but it is a point worth keeping close. The word unexplained can be very tempting. It sounds like a door opening onto something extraordinary. Sometimes it is only a locked filing cabinet with half the paperwork missing. Still, people are not drawn to the triangle only because they misunderstand evidence. They are drawn because the subject gathers several old fears into one place. Fear of the deep, fear of being lost, fear of machines failing, fear of weather, fear of silence after a distress call, fear that the world is less controlled than our routine suggest. These fears are not childish. They are part of being a small creature on a large planet. We can build engines, charts, satellites, and rescue systems. But we cannot make the ocean small. We can only become better at crossing it. There is also a quieter reason the legend stays alive. It gives the ocean back some of its old power in a world that often feels mapped and measured. We live with digital maps in our pockets. We can zoom from our street to the other side of the planet while waiting for toast. We can check weather radar, flight paths, shipping data, satellite images, and sea surface temperatures. This is astonishing. It is also easy to mistake information for control. The Bermuda Triangle reminds people that knowing where something is does not mean we have mastered it. A map can name a place without making it safe. A forecast can warn without preventing. A signal can fail. A search can miss. In that sense, the legend beneath the waves is not only a collection of old stories. It is a warning about confidence, not a warning to avoid the Atlantic or to fear every flight or to become suspicious of cruise brochures. More of a reminder that routine travel is still a partnership with nature. The sea has conditions. The sky has conditions. Technology has limits. People have limits. When those limits are respected, the world opens. When they're ignored, even familiar roots can become dangerous. As the story grew through books and television, it also became entertainment. That part is uncomfortable because real people were lost in the incidents that built the legend. Behind every famous disappearance were families waiting for news, crews doing their jobs, pilots following orders, sailors making decisions with the information they had. The mystery industry sometimes turns them into pieces of a puzzle and forgets they were human beings. A karma telling should remember that. The point is not to decorate their losses with wild guesses. The point is to understand how fear, grief, incomplete evidence, and public imagination can turn separate tragedies into a single lasting myth. And once a myth becomes familiar, it teaches people how to hear new information. A boat goes missing elsewhere and it is a sad report. A boat goes missing near the triangle and the old machinery starts up immediately. Was it the same force? Did the compass fail? Was there a strange cloud? Did anyone hear a final message? The legend becomes a filter. It does not only explain events after they happen. It shapes what people notice in the first place. Details that match the story are repeated. Details that make the story less strange are often left behind. Not always intentionally, but because plain facts do not travel as quickly as eerie ones. There is a lesson in that, too. The Bermuda Triangle is not just a mystery about ships and planes. It is a mystery about storytelling. It shows how facts can be arranged into a pattern. How a name can make separate events feel connected. how missing evidence can become stronger in the imagination than evidence found and how people can be both skeptical and fascinated at the same time. You can know that the strongest supernatural claims are unsupported and still feel a small chill when you look at the map. You can understand currents, storms, and navigation errors and still find the open Atlantic at night a little too large for comfort. That may be the honest place to stand. Not in panic and not in dismissal. Somewhere more careful. The Bermuda Triangle is not a proven doorway to another world. It is not an official zone where physics takes a holiday and compasses throw up their tiny magnetic hands. But it is also not nothing. It is a busy, weatherprone, historically significant region of the ocean where real accidents have happened, where searches have been difficult, and where the lack of complete answers has given the public imagination decades of material. The terror is not that science has no answers. The terror is that science has many answers, and some of them are still dangerous. By the time the name became famous, the legend already had what it needed. It had a place people could picture. It had unexplained losses. It had enough real geography to feel grounded and enough uncertainty to feel open. It had the glamour of tropical waters and the dread of open sea. It had aircraft, ships, storms, compasses, radios, and missing wreckage. Most of all, it had silence. The silence after a call fails. The silence after a vessel does not arrive. The silence after search planes return without finding what they were sent to find. And that silence leads naturally to the stories that made the triangle famous. The cases people return to again and again. Not because they all prove the same thing, but because each one shows a different way a journey can vanish from certainty into doubt. Some began as routine assignments. Some involve trained crews. Some were later wrapped in exaggeration. Some still leave questions behind. To understand why the Bermuda Triangle became such a powerful legend, we have to move from the broad outline into the individual disappearances where the map becomes a timetable. The timet becomes a search and the search becomes another unanswered line in the long record of the sea. There are some stories that begin loudly with explosions, alarms, witnesses, fire, and wreckage. And then there are the stories of the Bermuda Triangle, which often begin in a much quieter way. A ship leaves port. A plane lifts from a runway. A crew checks instruments, follows a route, makes ordinary decisions, and expects an ordinary arrival. Somewhere along the way, the ordinary thread breaks, not always dramatically, not always with a final shout over the radio. Sometimes there is only a routine message, a position report, a weather note or nothing at all. Then the clock keeps moving. The destination waits and the people expected they begin to realize that something is wrong. That is the part that gives these cases their lasting weight. Not only the loss itself, though that is serious enough, but the silence after it. A silence that begins as a delay, then becomes concern, then becomes a search, then becomes a question that may remain open for years. The Bermuda Triangle legend was built from many pieces, but its strongest pieces are these. Ships that should have arrived and did not. Aircraft that were heard from and then were not. Searches that covered water and sky and came back with too little. It is one thing to lose something small. a key, a receipt, the lid to a container that absolutely had a lid 5 minutes ago. It is another thing entirely for a vessel of steel or a group of military aircraft to enter the record as missing. One of the oldest and most important stories connected to the legend is the disappearance of USS Cyclops. She was not a little fishing boat or a private yacht with a hopeful engine and a captain who had perhaps trusted the weather forecast a bit too warmly. Cyclops was a large US Navy collier built to carry coal and later used to transport cargo. In March 1918 during the First World War, she disappeared while returning from Brazil and she took more than 300 people with her. The US Naval History and Heritage Command notes that numerous ships searched for her, but she was never found. No wreckage, no clear distress call, no final explanation that could be placed neatly into a file and closed with a sigh of relief. It is difficult to overstate how strange that must have felt at the time. A ship that large does not feel vanishable when you're standing beside it. It has height, weight, engines, compartments, crew, cargo, noise, smell, routine, and authority. But size is a very local illusion. A ship may look huge in harbor and become very small once weather, distance, and water are allowed to participate. Cyclops was carrying manganese ore, a heavy cargo, and later analysis from the Navy has suggested that a combination of design characteristics and cargo may be among the most likely explanations for her loss. That is not as dramatic as a sea monster wrapping one thoughtful tentacle around the hull, but it is more useful and perhaps more unsettling. A ship can fail not because one impossible thing happens, but because several possible things happen together at the wrong time. The mystery of Cyclops also shows one of the great difficulties in all disappearances. The farther back we go, the less complete the record becomes. Weather data may be limited. Communication may have been delayed or missing. Maintenance details may be incomplete. Witnesses are long gone. The ocean floor is wide, uneven, and not particularly interested in helping historians. If a ship went down quickly in deep water, the evidence might be beyond practical recovery for decades or forever. That does not make the event supernatural. It makes it difficult, and difficulty when mixed with loss can feel very much like mystery. Cyclops became part of the triangle legend later after writers began gathering old disappearances into a single pattern. At the time, it was a naval tragedy and an unsolved wartime disappearance. Later, it became one of the stones in the foundation of the Bermuda Triangle story. This happens often with legends. They reach backward. Once the name exists, older events are pulled toward it, like bits of metal toward a magnet. The event did not need to know it was inside a legend when it happened. The legend arrived afterward carrying a label and a long memory. Then there is flight 19, perhaps the most famous case of all. If the Bermuda Triangle had a central scene in the public imagination, this would probably be it. Five US Navy TBM Avenger torpedo bombers taking off from Naval Air Station Fort Lauderdale on December the 5th, 1945 for what was supposed to be a routine overwater navigation training flight. The war had ended only months earlier. The pilots and crew were not characters in a ghost story. They were military aviators doing a training exercise over familiar training areas using aircraft designed for serious work. According to the Naval History and Heritage Command, the five aircraft of Flight 19 were lost during that training flight and a PBM Mariner aircraft sent out to search for them was also lost. The phrase routine training flight does a lot of quiet work here. It is precisely because the mission was routine that the story became so disturbing. Dangerous operations carry danger openly. People expect risk in combat, in storms, in experimental flights, in damaged machines. But routine has a way of calming everyone down. Routine says this has been done before. Routine says we know the steps. Routine says we will be home later. When routine becomes disappearance, the mind notices. The radio communications from Flight 19 have been retold so many times that they have almost become theater. In the simpler and spookier versions, compasses fail, the pilots become confused, the sea looks strange, and the formation drifts into the unknown. The fuller picture is more complex and less theatrical, though still deeply troubling. The flight appears to have become uncertain about its position. Navigation over open water can be unforgiving, especially before modern satellite systems. If a pilot misidentifies islands, a coastline, or direction, each correction made from the wrong assumption can carry the aircraft farther from safety. It is the kind of mistake that can grow quietly, not like a door slamming, more like a small leak behind a wall. Weather and fading daylight added pressure. Fuel is patient but not generous. It burns at its own rate regardless of confusion, arguments, hope, or the desire to get home. Once aircraft over water are lost and fuel becomes limited, the situation becomes very serious. A pilot can remain calm, trained, and brave and still be trapped by arithmetic. Distance, direction, fuel, daylight, sea conditions. These are not dramatic villains. They are numbers, and numbers can be very cold company. The loss of the search aircraft makes the story even darker. A PBM mariner was sent out to look for Flight 19 and disappeared as well. Mariners had a known reputation for fuel vapor problems. And one likely explanation is that the aircraft exploded, but the timing of its loss attached it permanently to the mystery of Flight 19. This is one of those details that shows how legends gained strength. If only the training flight had been lost, the story would already be haunting. But when the rescue aircraft vanished too, the event seemed to double itself. It gave the legend a second silence and two silences close together are very hard for the imagination to leave alone. Still, Flight 19 is not frightening because it proves a paranormal force. It is frightening because it shows how quickly confusion can become fatal when people are suspended between sea and sky. A road traveler who is lost can stop, ask for help, read signs, or wait. A pilot over water cannot stop and think for an hour. The aircraft keeps moving. The fuel keeps dropping. The sun keeps lowering. The ocean below may be too rough for survival, even if a controlled ditching is possible. Every minute matters, and every wrong assumption becomes expensive. A few years later, another kind of disappearance entered the growing mythology. In December 1948, a Douglas DC3 aircraft registered NC16002 vanished during a flight from San Juan, Puerto Rico to Miami. It carried 29 passengers and three crew members. The aircraft had reported near the end of its route and then it was gone. The wreckage was not found. The official investigation could not determine a probable cause because too much evidence was missing. Later summaries of the case note problems before departure involving the aircraft's electrical system and batteries and uncertainty over whether important communications about wind changes were received. This case does not need strange lights or impossible clouds to be unsettling. In fact, the ordinary details may be worse. Batteries, radio communication, windshift, position reporting, fuel. These are practical things. the sorts of things that belong in checklists and reports. But when practical things line up badly, they can create an outcome that later looks almost unreal. A flight near its destination should feel safe. Miami was not some unknown island on the edge of a blank map. It was a major destination with lights, runways, and people waiting. But being near a destination is not the same as being there. A small navigational error near the end of a long flight, especially over water and at night, can be unforgiving. There is a particular sadness in flights that vanish close to arrival. They carry a different emotional weight from journeys lost in the middle of nowhere. Everyone on board may have been thinking in ordinary arrival thoughts. Collect your things, stretch your legs, find transport, go home, sleep, maybe complain about the flight later because humans do enjoy surviving minor inconvenience and then giving it a detailed review. Then something happens or several somethings happen and arrival never becomes landing. The gap between almost home and never found is very small on a map and very large in the mind. The Star Tiger and Star Aerial disappearances added still more unease to the skies around the Triangle legend. These were British South American Airways aircraft and they vanished in 1948 and 1949. Star Tiger disappeared during a flight from the Azors toward Bermuda. Star Aerial disappeared almost a year later after leaving Bermuda for Jamaica. Britannica notes that Star Aerial made a routine communication not long after departure and then disappeared completely. These cases have that same quiet structure, a known flight, a normal message, and then absence. What made these disappearances so disturbing was not only that aircraft were lost, but that modern aircraft seemed to challenge the old idea of the sea as the main keeper of secrets. For centuries, ships had vanished because the ocean was large and communication was poor. Aviation was supposed to rise above that old uncertainty, at least in feeling. Planes were fast. They had radios. They crossed distances that once took days or weeks. They belong to the new age. And yet, over open water, an aircraft in trouble could still disappear into the same old problem. No witnesses, no easy wreckage recovery, no clear final scene. That is one of the quiet truths behind the Bermuda Triangle. The sky over the sea can be just as lonely as the sea itself. From the ground, we often think of aircraft as constantly connected. But for much of aviation history, communication over ocean routes was limited, imperfect, and dependent on equipment, range, weather, and procedure. A missed transmission might mean nothing. Then it might mean something, then it might become the last known point in a disappearance. The line between ordinary silence and dangerous silence is not always clear at first. Ships continue to add to the legend as well. The Marine Sulfur Queen, a converted tanker carrying molten sulfur, disappeared in 1963 with 39 men aboard. The Coast Guard report states that the vessel was last heard from at 1:25 a.m. Eastern Standard Time on February 1st, 1963, and that the ship and crew disappeared. The report also drew attention to the vessel's conversion and condition, placing the mystery less in a magical disappearance and more in serious practical concerns about whether the ship should have been at sea in that form at all. The Marine Sulfur Queen is a good example of how the Bermuda Triangle can turn engineering failure into folklore. A ship carrying molten sulfur already sounds like something that should be handled with care and preferably by people who are not also having a bad week. The vessel had been converted from its original use, and later investigation raised concerns about structural and safety issues. Those details matter. They do not make the loss less tragic and they do not remove every question, but they shift the feeling of the case. The mystery becomes not what impossible force took this ship. It becomes what risks were built into the ship before it ever left port. That question is less glamorous but far more important. Legends tend to focus on the final moment because that is where the darkness gathers. Science and investigation often look earlier. They ask about design, maintenance, loading, weather, training, inspection, communication, and decisionm. They ask not only what happened at the moment of loss, but what conditions made loss more likely. This is one reason scientific explanations can feel less satisfying than supernatural ones. They spread responsibility across many ordinary details. A ghost is easier to understand than a maintenance history. The sea, however, does not care which explanation is more satisfying. It works with conditions. If a vessel is weak, overloaded, poorly converted, caught in rough seas, or carrying dangerous cargo, the risk increases. If a plane has electrical problems, radio limitations, uncertain position, or fuel concerns, the risk increases. If weather reduces visibility or changes faster than expected, the risk increases. The Bermuda Triangle legend often presents disappearances as sudden and clean, like a magician pulling a cloth from a table. Real accidents are often messier. They develop from chains of small and medium problems that may not look fatal until the chain is complete. Another recurring theme is the missing distress call. People often ask why no one called for help. It is a fair question, but not always a mysterious one. Emergencies can unfold too quickly. A radio may fail. A crew may not understand the danger until it is too late. A pilot may be too busy trying to control the aircraft. A ship may lose power. A vessel may capsize, break apart, or sink before a message can be sent. Panic is not required. Even skilled people can run out of time. And sometimes a distress call may have been sent but not received or received unclearly or lost in the limits of older communication systems. The lack of wreckage is another powerful part of the legend. It feels wrong. When something large breaks, we expect pieces. We expect proof. But the ocean is not a dry floor where evidence stays put until someone sweeps it up. Floating debris can scatter. Heavy debris can sink into deep water. Currents can move objects far from the search area. The Gulf Stream, which runs near parts of the triangle, can carry material quickly away from where a vessel or aircraft may have gone down. Search teams often begin with a last known position. But if that position is wrong, old, or incomplete, the search area grows fast. A few hours of uncertainty can turn into thousands of square miles. That is not a mystery in the supernatural sense. It is geometry being unpleasant. And when searches fail, stories harden. People say no trace was ever found and the phrase lands heavily. Sometimes it is accurate. Sometimes small traces were found but did not answer enough. Sometimes wreckage was discovered years later and failed to receive the same attention as the original disappearance. The first version of a mystery often becomes the version people remember. Corrections arrive later, wearing sensible shoes and carrying documents, and they rarely get the same applause. This does not mean the famous disappearances should be dismissed. They deserve attention precisely because they reveal how hard transportation over open water can be. Flight 19 shows the danger of navigational uncertainty and time pressure. Cyclops shows how a large vessel can be lost when evidence is swallowed by distance and depth. The DC3 case shows how electrical and communication issues can matter, especially near the end of a long overwater flight. Marine Sulfur Queen shows how ship design and condition can turn a voyage into a risk before the weather even has an opinion. Each case is different. The legend tries to make them the same. That is where we have to be careful. N OA's position is worth keeping beside us as we move through these stories. There is no evidence that mysterious disappearances happen more frequently in the Bermuda Triangle than in other large heavily traveled areas of ocean. That statement does not erase the losses. It places them in context. A busy ocean will produce accidents. A famous ocean will produce famous accidents. The difference matters. If a region has many ships and aircraft passing through it, the raw number of incidents may seem impressive, but numbers without traffic volume can mislead. It is a little like saying a large city has more lost umbrellas than a small village and therefore must contain an umbrella eating curse. Tempting perhaps, but not our strongest work as a species. Still, even if the triangle is not statistically exceptional, the stories remain emotionally exceptional because they are told together. The human mind is a pattern-making machine. It connects names, places, dates, and details. It does not like isolated tragedies floating separately. It wants them tied with string on a board, preferably in a dimly lit room where someone has access to too many red pins. The Bermuda Triangle became famous because it gave people a pattern they could see. Ships, planes, silence, no wreckage, warm water, strange name. That pattern is simple enough to remember and flexible enough to survive. But when we slow down, the pattern changes. It becomes less like one giant secret and more like a collection of warnings. Do not underestimate weather. Do not overrust routine. Do not ignore maintenance. Do not assume communication will work because it worked yesterday. Do not forget that navigation is a skill, not a decorative feature. Do not expect the sea to preserve your evidence. These are not glamorous lessons, but they are the kind that keep people alive. The truly frightening part of the Bermuda Triangle may be that the stories do not require the laws of physics to break. They only require people and machines to meet difficult conditions in a place where rescue is hard and evidence is harder. That is enough. A compass does not need to spin wildly for a pilot to become uncertain. A wave does not need to be legendary to damage a ship. A storm does not need to be the worst storm in history to overwhelm a crew already dealing with another problem. Most disasters do not begin as disasters. They begin as manageable issues that gather company. There is also a difference between terror and panic. Panic says something impossible is out there. Terror, the quieter and more durable kind, says something possible is out there and it has happened before. The Bermuda Triangle still frightens people because the possible explanations are not comforting. Mechanical failure is possible. Human confusion is possible. Sudden weather is possible. Structural weakness is possible. Failed communication is possible. Deep water hiding wreckage is possible. None of these need a glowing portal. None of them care whether the story becomes famous afterward. As we look at the disappearing ships and silent skies, it helps to remember the people inside these cases. A radio operator leaning towards static. A pilot trying to decide which direction is west. When the sea below offers no helpful answer, a crew member on a ship that feels different in rough water. A family member waiting for the arrival call. The legend often turns them into evidence. They were more than that. They were workers, travelers, officers, passengers, sons, fathers, friends, and strangers who expected the normal rules of departure and arrival to hold. Most of the time those rules do hold. That is why we trust them. But the exceptions are enough to leave a mark. So the Bermuda Triangle's famous disappearances are not best understood as one locked room mystery. They are more like a long hallway of partly open doors. Behind one door may be navigation. Behind another weather behind another, cargo behind another mechanical failure. Behind another poor communication, behind another simple bad luck arriving at the worst possible moment with its coat already on, the legend invites us to throw all the doors open and look for one monster at the end. Science asks us to look carefully behind each door, even if the answer is less dramatic than expected. And that careful looking leads us away from the names and into the place itself. Because ships and planes do not vanish in a blank space. They move through geography. They move over currents, between islands, across shallow banks and deep channels, through weather systems and magnetic variation, under skies that can change from clear to dangerous with very little concern for human plans. To understand why so many stories gathered here, we have to stop treating the Bermuda Triangle as a symbol for a moment and begin treating it as a real part of the Atlantic with real distances, real roots, real water, and real conditions that can make even an ordinary journey feel much less ordinary once the land has dropped out of sight. To understand why the Bermuda Triangle feels so unnerving, it helps to stop thinking of it as a single dark patch on the map and start thinking of it as a real stretch of ocean with real shape, real movement, real weather, real depth, and a slightly inconvenient habit of refusing to fit into simple explanations. The geography matters. It matters more than the name, more than the rumors, and certainly more than the dramatic maps that make the place look as though nature itself took out a pencil and drew a warning sign between Florida, Bermuda, and Puerto Rico. Nature, as far as we can tell, did not do that. Humans did. Humans saw a collection of events, drew lines around them, gave the shape a name, and then acted surprised when the name began to feel powerful. The first strange thing about the Bermuda Triangle is that it is not an official place in the way a country, a sea, or a national park is an official place. You cannot sail across a clearly marked border and expect a sign floating beside you saying, "Welcome to the Bermuda Triangle. Please keep your hands and feet inside the mystery at all times." Its borders have shifted depending on who is telling the story. Some versions draw the triangle from Miami to Bermuda to Puerto Rico. Others stretch it farther, taking in more of the Atlantic, more of the Caribbean, and more opportunities for accidents to be counted inside it. The larger the triangle becomes, the more incidents it can collect, which is very useful if you're building a legend and less useful if you're trying to be precise. That lack of fixed borders is not a small detail. It is one of the reasons the legend has been so hard to pin down. When the place itself is flexible, the story can be flexible, too. If a vessel disappears near the expected area, the triangle can seem to reach for it. If a plane is lost along a route that passes somewhere near the region, the story can include that as well. This does not mean every writer who ever discussed the Bermuda Triangle was being dishonest. It means that once a place becomes famous for mystery, people begin to treat geography with a softness they would never accept from a parking ticket. The map becomes less like a measurement and more like a mood. Still, even if the edges are uncertain, the general region is very real. It lies in a part of the western North Atlantic where the coast of Florida, the islands of the Bahamas, Bermuda, Puerto Rico, and the wider Caribbean create a complicated meeting ground for sea routes and air routts. This is not a remote dead zone at the far end of the world. It is close to major ports, airports, holiday destinations, military training areas, and commercial routes. It is crossed by cargo ships, cruise ships, fishing boats, private vessels, military aircraft, commercial planes, and people who simply want to get from one warm place to another without becoming part of a documentary later. That heavy traffic matters because danger often appears where movement is common. If thousands upon thousands of journeys pass through a region, some will go wrong. The Bermuda Triangle's reputation can make those incidents feel like proof of a special danger. But a busy region will naturally produce more reports than a quiet one. A road with a million cars a year will have more accidents than a country lane with three tractors and a sheep who seems to know what he is doing. That does not automatically make the busy road cursed. It makes it busy. The same principle applies at sea and in the sky, though the consequences can be much more serious and the wreckage is much harder to find. The geography of the region also changes very quickly from one kind of water to another. Around the Bahamas, for example, you can find shallow banks where the sea is pale turquoise, bright, clear, and beautiful enough to make travel brochures look almost restrained for once. The Great Bahama Bank is a broad area of shallow water. And in places, the edges of these banks drop away into much deeper water. Nearby, features like the tongue of the ocean create a stark contrast between shallow bank water and deep blue basin. From above, this is stunning. From a navigation standpoint, especially for smaller boats, shallow banks, reefs, channels, cuts, sand bars, and sudden depth changes require attention. The ocean floor is not a smooth bathtub. It has shelves, ledges, holes, slopes, and underwater geography that can matter very much if you're moving across it in weather, darkness, or poor visibility. This is one of the quiet tricks of tropical water. It can look friendly. Clear water can give a sense of safety because you can see color, light, and sometimes the bottom. But clear does not mean simple. Shallow does not mean harmless. A reef is not softer because the water above it is pretty. A sandbar does not move out of the way because your boat has plans. Channels can funnel currents. Tide can change how water behaves in narrow passages. Wind against current can make waves steeper and more unpleasant. And if a vessel is underpowered, poorly handled, damaged, or caught at the wrong angle, even a beautiful day can begin to develop sharp little teeth. Beyond the banks, the water becomes deep, very deep in some places. This matters for the mystery because deep water hides evidence. If a plane goes down over land, investigators may find wreckage, burn marks, broken trees, impact scars, or debris spread across a field. If a plane or ship goes down in deep ocean, the situation changes completely. Heavy pieces sink. Floating pieces scatter. Salt water damages what remains. Currents move debris away from the last known position. Search teams are forced to work with estimates, drift models, weather, reports, and sometimes very little certainty. If the last position was wrong, or if no one knew exactly when the trouble began, the search area can grow from difficult to enormous with depressing speed. This is where the geography becomes part of the fear. The Bermuda Triangle is not terrifying because it is a hole in the world. It is terrifying because it contains a lot of ordinary ways to lose track of things. A vessel can leave a known harbor, pass beyond easy sight, and enter a space where location depends on instruments, skill, communication, and conditions. A plane can fly over water that offers very few visual references. Before satellite navigation became common, position could depend on radio navigation, compass headings, dead reckoning, celestial navigation, landmarks when available, and human interpretation. Over open water, a small error can become a large one. There are no street corners in the Atlantic, no helpful road signs, no sleepy petrol station attendant telling you that Bermuda is definitely not that way. The Gulf Stream adds another layer. It is a powerful ocean current that moves warm water from the Gulf region through the straits of Florida and up along the eastern coast of North America before continuing into the North Atlantic. Near the surface, it can move quickly enough to carry floating debris far from where an accident may have happened. That matters in search operations because the place where something goes wrong is not always the place where pieces will be found. A life jacket, cushion, oil slick, or fragment of wood may not stay politely above the sinking site, waving at rescuers like a well-trained clue. It may travel. It may spread. It may break apart. And if the sea is rough, the evidence may become even harder to recognize. This also affects how people remember disappearances. When wreckage is not found, the absence feels meaningful. It feels like the ocean has done something impossible. But in a moving current, absence can simply mean that the search area was wrong, too small, too late, or too difficult. That is not comforting, but it is practical. The sea can hide things without being mysterious. It can hide them by being large, deep, moving, and dark below the surface. That is already enough. Weather is tied closely to geography, too. Warm ocean water can feed storms. The region sits in an area affected by tropical weather systems during hurricane season. And even outside major hurricanes, thunderstorms, squalls, and sudden local changes can create danger. A sky that looked manageable at departure may not remain that way. Pilots and sailors know this, of course, but knowing a thing and escaping it are not always the same. Weather is not a decoration in a disappearance story. It can be the main character even when the legend would prefer a more exotic guest. Small craft are especially vulnerable. A large cargo ship and a small private boat do not experience the same sea. What's uncomfortable for one may be life-threatening for another. A sudden squall, engine trouble, a navigation error, or a delayed decision can place a small vessel in real danger. The Bermuda Triangle region has long attracted private boers because it includes desirable islands, warm waters, fishing grounds, and roots that look manageable on a map. But maps flatten distance. They make water look still. A line drawn between two points does not show fatigue, fuel concerns, mechanical trouble, cross seas, a failing radio, or the simple discomfort of realizing that the weather has changed and land is not where you would like it to be. That is one of the reasons the triangle's geography has such psychological force. It is close enough to feel familiar, but open enough to become dangerous. Florida is not remote. The Bahamas are not remote in the public imagination. Bermuda is famous, visited, photographed, and very much part of the modern world. Puerto Rico is a major island with cities, airports, and history. These places are not fantasy locations. They are real, reachable, and connected. Yet between them lies open water large enough to make human confidence feel temporary. The mind does not expect mystery beside vacation brochures and that contrast makes the story sharper. There is also the problem of visual sameness on land. Even a lost traveler has references. Hills, roads, buildings, signs, rivers, lights, fields, and towns all help the brain understand position. At sea, especially beyond sight of land, the horizon repeats itself. Water in every direction can make distance difficult to judge. In the air, cloud cover or haze can make the surface below look featureless. Before modern systems, this placed more weight on instruments and calculations. If those instruments were misunderstood, malfunctioning, or contradicted by what someone believed they saw, confusion could build. Not because the place was enchanted, but because the environment was poor at giving helpful feedback. The Bermuda Triangle sits in a region where islands complicate this even further. The Bahamas, for instance, are not one simple land mass. They are an archipelago of islands, caves, channels, banks, reefs, and passages. From above or at sea, especially in poor weather or fading light, identifying the correct island or bank could be difficult. If a pilot or sailor mistook one feature for another, the resulting navigation decisions could be wrong while still feeling reasonable at the time. This is the dangerous kind of error. The one that does not feel like error while it is happening. It feels like solving the problem. Only later does the path reveal itself as a mistake. The geography also creates search problems because the possible environments are so varied. A missing vessel might have struck a reef in shallow water, drifted into a current, sunk in deep water, burned, capsized, or been broken apart by weather. A missing aircraft might have gone down in shallow water where wreckage could be scattered, or in deep ocean where recovery would be extremely difficult. The same general region contains conditions that require different search methods. Shallow banks may be visually searchable under good conditions, but sand, coral, and clear water can also create confusing patterns. Deep basins require sonar and time. Strong currents require drift calculations. Weather can delay or disrupt everything. The map may be a triangle, but the search problem is not neat at all. Another part of the geography of fear is distance. On a classroom map, Florida, Bermuda, and Puerto Rico can look close enough to sit comfortably in one glance. In reality, these are large ocean distances. Bermuda is isolated far out in the Atlantic compared with the island chains of the Caribbean. Routes between these points cross wide stretches where immediate help may not be available. Distance changes the meaning of trouble. An engine problem near a dock is an inconvenience and possibly an expensive afternoon. An engine problem far offshore is a different story. A wrong heading near a coastline can be corrected when land appears. A wrong heading over open sea may use fuel before the mistake becomes obvious. This distance also affects communication. Today, technology is far better than it was during many of the famous Bermuda Triangle cases. GPS, satellite communication, emergency beacons, improved radar, better forecasting, and stronger search and rescue systems have changed the risk picture. But the legend was built largely from incidents that occurred when navigation and communication were more limited. A missed report, a weak radio signal, equipment trouble, or a misunderstanding could matter a great deal. It is easy to look backward from the age of smartphones and assume every missing person should have left a trail. Earlier, travelers did not move through that kind of connected world. They moved through gaps. And even now, the ocean can create gaps. Devices fail. Signals may be blocked or lost. Batteries die. People make mistakes. Weather interferes. A location beacon helps only if it works and if someone receives and responds to it. Modern tools reduce risk, but they do not delete geography. They do not make deep water shallow. They do not stop currents. They do not calm storms. They do not turn a poor decision into a good one. The Bermuda Triangle remains useful as a reminder that technology improves our odds, not our importance to nature. The triangle's location also places it near roots shaped by history. Ships have moved through these waters for centuries because the Caribbean, North America, and the Atlantic world are connected by trade, colonization, war, migration, tourism, and commerce. Sealanes are not random. They follow useful paths, ports, currents, winds, and economic need. Aircraft routes developed for similar reasons, linking islands, mainland cities, military bases, and long-d distanceance travel. Where roots gather, stories gather. A region crossed by many people over many years becomes a collector of human experience, and not all experience is safe. There is a strange unfairness in how geography is remembered. A safe crossing leaves almost no story. Thousands of ships and planes passed through the region without incident and no one writes a famous book called Everything Went Quite Well between Miami and San Juan. It would be accurate, perhaps even reassuring, but it would not sell many copies. Accidents, on the other hand, leave marks. They are repeated, renamed, and linked together. The geography becomes known not by its normal outcomes, but by its exceptions. That is understandable. Humans are built to remember danger. Still, it can distort the map. A place crossed safely every day can become famous for the few journeys that did not end as planned. The idea of the Bermuda Triangle also benefits from its simple shape. A triangle feels deliberate. It has points, sides, and an inside. It is easy to draw and easy to remember. If the same incidents had been scattered across an irregular blob called the generally unsettling Western Atlantic Patch, the legend might not have traveled quite so well. A triangle feels designed even when it is not. It gives the illusion that the place has structure and intention. People are more likely to believe in a mystery that fits inside a clean geometric form. It looks tidy, and tidy mysteries are easier to discuss after dinner. But the actual geography is not tidy. It includes shallow turquoise banks, deep blue basins, island chains, open ocean, fast currents, shipping routes, air corridors, reefs, storms, and long distances. It includes places full of tourists, and places where at night the nearest light may be far behind the horizon. It includes calm days where the water looks like glass and dangerous days where a small craft would be very foolish to test its luck. It includes modern navigation and old stories, scientific skepticism and human fear. The triangle is not one environment. It is many environments wearing one famous name. This is why the geography can be frightening without being supernatural. It does not need a single hidden force. It only needs complexity. Complexity is often the real source of danger. When currents, weather, navigation, vessel condition, communication, and human decisionmaking all interact, the outcome can change quickly. A storm alone may be survivable. A mechanical issue alone may be survivable. A navigation error alone may be survivable. But combine them and the margin narrows. The Bermuda Triangle legend often looks for one cause beneath the water. Geography suggests something more practical and more serious. Many causes sharing the same space. That may be why scientists remain interested, even if they are not frightened in the way old television specials would like them to be. The region is a natural meeting place for questions about oceanography, meteorology, navigation, search and rescue, risk perception, and human storytelling. It shows how a place can be ordinary in statistical terms and still extraordinary in cultural memory. It shows how a famous map can shape what people believe about accidents. It shows how natural hazards become more powerful when evidence is difficult to recover. And it shows how the ocean, even in a mapped and monitored age, still resists being made simple. If there is fear in the geography, it is not the fear of a monster under the surface. It is the fear of scale. The water is larger than the vessel. The weather is larger than the plane. The current is stronger than the floating debris. The search area is larger than the last known point. The map is cleaner than the world it represents. And somewhere between those facts, the Bermuda Triangle found its reputation. This does not make every disappearance mysterious in the same way. It does not prove that the region has a special appetite for ships and planes. It does not mean pilots whisper nervously to one another every time they cross it, or that sailors pass through with one hand on the wheel and the other writing a farewell letter just in case. Most crossings are normal. Most journeys end exactly as expected. People arrive, collect their bags, tie up their boats, check into hotels, eat dinner, and never think about the triangle at all. Ordinary success is the main event. The legend survives on the rare failures. Still, when we place those failures inside the region's actual geography, the stories become easier to understand and harder to laugh away. Not because the wildest claims become true. But because the real world becomes clearly dangerous enough. The warm water, the shallow banks, the deep channels, the fast current, the changing weather, the long routes, the heavy traffic, the uncertain borders, and the difficulty of search all help explain why this area became such fertile ground for fear. The because it is nowhere. It is terrifying because it is somewhere very real and real places have real ways of humbling us. And once we understand the map, the next question becomes more specific. If geography creates the stage, what are the forces acting on it? One of the oldest claims attached to the triangle is that compasses behave strangely there, that navigation itself becomes unreliable, that the simple act of knowing which way you're going can begin to break down. Some of those claims have been exaggerated, some misunderstood, and some tied to real concepts in Earth's magnetic field. So, from the shape of the water, the islands, the currents, and the distances, we move toward the needle, the dial, and the uneasy idea that a traveler can be moving with confidence while their sense of direction is quietly slipping away. For a mystery that spends so much time in the water, the Bermuda Triangle has always had one foot planted firmly on the compass needle. Long before people argued about methane bubbles, rogue waves, lost civilizations, or visitors from the stars with unusually poor filing habits, there was a simpler and more practical fear. What if the instrument telling you where to go was wrong? Not slightly wrong in a harmless way, like a bathroom scale after a holiday meal, but wrong enough to send a ship or plane away from safety while everyone on board still believes they were heading home. There is something especially unsettling about compass confusion because a compass feels honest. It is small, quiet, and wonderfully serious. It does not blink, boast, or ask for applause. A needle turns, settles, and points. That is all. It seems like one of the most basic agreements between humans and the planet. We stand here. North is that way. The rest can be worked out from there. So when stories of the Bermuda Triangle began to include spinning needles, strange readings, and pilots unsure of direction. The fear felt deeper than ordinary mechanical failure. It suggested that the world itself might be refusing to give straight answers. Of course, the first thing to understand is that compasses are not magical truth machines. They are useful instruments that respond to Earth's magnetic field. And Earth's magnetic field is not the same thing as the neat geographic grid printed on a map. Geographic north or true north points toward the north pole on Earth's axis of rotation. Magnetic north points toward the moving region in the Arctic where Earth's magnetic field guides a compass needle. Those two directions are usually not identical. The difference between them is called magnetic declination or magnetic variation. And navigators have had to account for it for centuries. NAA's National Centers for Environmental Information defines magnetic declination as the angle between magnetic north and true north. And it changes with both place and time. That sounds simple when said slowly in a warm room with no one depending on you to find an island in the dark. But at sea or in the air, declination matters. If your compass points a few degrees away from true north, and you do not correct for it properly, that small angle can become a large error over distance. Imagine walking across a field while aiming only a few degrees off your intended path. You might still arrive close enough to pretend it was deliberate. Now imagine flying or sailing for many miles over open ocean where there are no roads, no trees, no buildings, and no helpful sign saying, "You are now confidently wrong." A small navigational error can stretch quietly until it becomes a serious problem. This is where the Bermuda Triangle legend found a useful ingredient. The region has sometimes been associated with the agonic line. The line on Earth where magnetic north and true north line up. Meaning magnetic declination is zero. In such places, a compass points toward true north without needing correction. That sounds helpful, and it is if you know what you're doing. But if a navigator expects to apply a correction and should not or fails to apply a correction when one is needed elsewhere, confusion can result. NAA's Bermuda Triangle page mentions that there is some evidence for the idea that in the region a magnetic compass sometimes points toward true north rather than magnetic north. That sentence has traveled very far in the popular imagination. In careful language, it means navigation in the area can involve normal magnetic variation that must be understood. In dramatic language, it becomes compasses go mad in the triangle, which is much more exciting, though less useful if you are trying to stay alive. A compass pointing to true north is not misbehaving. It is not possessed. It has not seen something under the waves and lost its nerve. It is simply responding to the local relationship between magnetic north and true north. The problem begins when humans misunderstand the reading or when later storytellers turn ordinary magnetic behavior into a sign of something impossible. This distinction is important because the Bermuda Triangle legend often turns normal navigational complexity into a supernatural symptom. A compass does not have to spin wildly to create trouble. It only has to be read incorrectly, trusted under the wrong assumption, or combined with poor visibility, bad weather, stress, fatigue, radio trouble, or fuel concerns. Accidents rarely need one dramatic failure. They often need a small committee of practical problems, each wearing a sensible jacket and carrying a clipboard. Together, they can be far more dangerous than any single theatrical event. In the days before modern GPS, navigation over open water was a demanding skill. Sailors and pilots used compasses, charts, dead reckoning, radio navigation, celestial navigation, landmarks when available, speed estimates, wind correction, drift correction, and experience. Dead reckoning, despite sounding like a phrase invented by a pirate with a gloomy personality, simply means estimating current position based on a previous known position, course, speed, and time. It is useful, but it depends on good information. If your starting position is wrong, your heading is wrong, your speed estimate is off, wind or current is not properly accounted for, or your compass correction is misunderstood, then your estimated position begins to drift away from reality. Over land, reality may correct you. A road, river, town, railway, hill, or coastline can tell you that your mental map has wandered off over water, especially under cloud at night or in haze. There may be very little to correct the mistake. The sea can look the same in every direction, which is beautiful for postcards and deeply unhelpful for navigation. Pilots in earlier eras could misidentify islands or coastlines. Sailors could misread their position after current drift. A crew could believe they were west of a point when they were actually east, or think they had crossed a line they had not crossed at all. Once a wrong belief takes hold, every new decision may make sense inside that belief while carrying the journey farther from safety. This is why compass confusion became such a powerful part of the triangle story. It is not just about the instrument. It is about the terrifying possibility that a person can be wrong without feeling wrong. A needle gives a direction. A chart gives a route. A calculation gives confidence. Then clouds cover the sun. The radio signal is weak. The sea below looks unfamiliar. Fuel is decreasing and the mind begins to look for certainty. In that situation, the difference between true north and magnetic north is not a dry technical detail. It is part of the fragile chain that connects intention to arrival. One of the most famous Bermuda Triangle stories. Flight 19 is often told through this lens. The popular version suggests that the flight's compasses failed and the pilots became lost over the Atlantic. The fuller historical account is more complicated, but navigational confusion was clearly central to the event. Five US Navy TBM Avenger aircraft took off from Naval Air 5th, 1945 for an overwater training flight, and the flight was eventually lost. A search aircraft sent afterward was also lost. The details have been debated, retold, simplified, and dramatized, but the emotional force remains the same. Trained airmen, familiar procedures, open water, uncertain position, and the clock of fuel running down. The Bermuda Triangle did not need to invent navigational fear. It only made that fear famous. Every navigator knows that direction is not just direction. It is trust. A compass heading must be matched with correction, speed, drift, weather, and position. If any of those pieces become uncertain, the heading alone may not save you. Following a compass faithfully can still take you to the wrong place if the plan behind it is flawed. That is a rather uncomfortable lesson because it means confidence is not the same as accuracy. A person can be calm, disciplined, and mistaken. Magnetic declination also changes over time which adds another layer. Earth's magnetic field is generated by motion in the planet's outer core and it shifts. Magnetic north is not fixed in place like a pin in a map because the field changes. Magnetic models are updated for navigation. NOA's world magnetic model is used for navigation and heading systems and the current WM 2025 version was released on December 17th, 2024 to remain valid until late 2029. This is not strange in a Bermuda Triangle sense. It is normal geoysics. The planet is not a rigid compass card. It is a rotating, layered, active world with a magnetic field that slowly changes like a very serious geological cat deciding to sit in a different spot every few years. For most everyday users, this is not alarming. Your phone compass, aircraft systems, marine navigation equipment, charts, and models account for magnetic information in ways that are far better than older tools. But the changing magnetic field is a reminder that navigation has always required updates, correction, and attention. If you use old charts, ignore declination, misunderstand magnetic headings, or assume the compass points exactly where the map points, trouble can follow. Again, no curses required. A few degrees and enough distance can do the work. There is another word that sometimes enters the discussion. deviation. Declination is the difference between magnetic north and true north caused by Earth's magnetic field. Deviation is the error introduced by the vessel or aircraft itself. Metal structures, electrical systems, engines, cargo, tools, and nearby objects can affect a compass. On ships, magnetic compasses are adjusted and corrected because the ship's own magnetic influence can pull the needle away from what it would otherwise show. A compass beside the wrong metal object can become less trustworthy. This is why navigators treat compass use as a serious procedure, not as a decorative spinning toy. It is also why anyone who has ever tried to use a phone compass next to keys, a laptop, or a car door may have seen it behave with the confidence of a pigeon in a shopping mall. Now, place these ideas inside the Bermuda Triangle's geography. You have long overwater routes. You have islands that can be mistaken under poor conditions. You have weather that can reduce visibility. You have currents that can move ships or floating evidence. You have routes that were historically flown and sailed before modern satellite tools were available. Add magnetic declination, possible compass deviation, human interpretation, and time pressure, and the mystery begins to look less like one grand anomaly, and more like a place where ordinary navigation problems can become serious. That is not as neat as saying the triangle bends compasses, but it is far more believable. The legend, however, prefers a needle that spins. A spinning compass is a perfect image. It is simple, visual, and frightening. It tells the audience that even direction has collapsed. In films and television, a spinning compass is shorthand for entering the unknown. It means the normal rules have stopped. It is no wonder the image became attached to the Bermuda Triangle. It gives the invisible fear a visible sign. But in real navigation, the most dangerous compass problem may not be dramatic at all. It may be steady, readable, and wrong in a way that no one recognizes soon enough. That kind of mistake is harder to dramatize, but easier to believe. A pilot thinks he's north of the Bahamas when he's actually somewhere else. A sailor underestimates current. A heading is followed without the right correction. A radio beacon is misunderstood. A landmark is misidentified. A course is adjusted based on an incorrect assumption. Each step feels rational. The route becomes a trap not because the compass is possessed, but because the mental picture of the journey no longer matches the real one. This is especially important in aircraft because aircraft cannot simply pause. A boat can sometimes stop engines, heave to drop anchor in shallow water, or wait, though not always safely. A plane must keep flying. It has fuel limits, weather limits, daylight concerns, and mechanical limits. If a pilot is uncertain over open water, every minute spent deciding is also a minute spent moving and burning fuel. A wrong turn may not reveal itself until the range to safety has become smaller than the distance remaining. That is a very serious form of arithmetic. and arithmetic is famously unsympathetic to hope. Compasses also sit inside a wider system of navigation. Even if the compass is correct, it does not solve every problem. Wind can push an aircraft off course. Currents can affect vessels. A heading tells you the direction the nose or bow is pointed, not always the exact path over ground or water. This is an easy distinction to miss if you have never had to navigate in moving air or water. You can point one way and travel slightly another because the medium around you is moving too. A boat crossing a current must account for drift. An aircraft flying in wind must correct its heading to maintain track. Without that correction, the route can slide sideways. It is rather like trying to walk in a straight line across a moving walkway while pretending the walkway has no opinions. In the triangle region, the Gulf Stream makes this especially relevant for ships and debris and winds matter for aircraft. A navigator who fails to account properly for drift may end up somewhere unexpected. The error might not be obvious until the expected landmark does not appear. The expected radio signal is weak or fuel calculations begin to look uncomfortable. This is the practical heart of many disappearance scenarios. Not one huge impossible event, but a slow mismatch between expectation and reality. Modern navigation has reduced many of these risks. GPS can provide accurate position. Electronic charts can display location in real time. Aircraft and ships have multiple systems. Emergency beacons can transmit distress locations. Weather forecasting is better. Communication is better. magnetic models are updated. But the old Bermuda Triangle stories were shaped by earlier tools and earlier limitations. A disappearance from 1918, 1945, 1948, or 1963 should not be judged as if everyone involved had today's equipment. They did not. They traveled through a world with larger gaps. And those gaps became part of the mystery. Even now, people can overtrust technology. This is one of the more modern versions of compass confusion. A person may assume that because a device shows a line, the route is safe. But a navigation display is not judgment. It can tell you where you are, but not always whether the weather ahead is wise, whether your vessel is fit, whether your fuel margin is sufficient, whether you understand the route, or whether you're becoming too tired to make good decisions. The old compass needle and the modern screen both require a human being to understand what they mean. Tools are very helpful. They are not adult supervision. The Bermuda Triangle legend also reveals how technical language can become mystery language. Magnetic variation, declination, agonic line, compass deviation, geomagnetic field. These are real terms and because they are real, they can be used carefully. But they can also be used loosely to make a story sound scientific without actually explaining it. A storyteller can say magnetic anomaly and the listener may feel that something profound has been identified even if no specific anomaly has been measured or tied to the event. This is not science. It is atmosphere wearing a lab coat. That does not mean magnetic effects are irrelevant. It means they must be specific. What was the declination at that location and date? Was the compass adjusted? Was the navigator trained? Were charts current? Was there evidence of instrument failure? Were there other navigation aids? What was the weather? What were the winds or currents? What was the last known position? Without those details, saying magnetic mystery is a little like saying engine trouble after hearing a noise in the kitchen. It might be true if there is an engine in the kitchen, but we should probably check before becoming too confident. The reason scientists tend to be cautious about the magnetic claims is that a broad magnetic explanation for the Bermuda Triangle does not hold up as a single cause. N OA's page states that no official maps define the Bermuda Triangle and that the US Navy and US Coast Guard do not accept supernatural explanations for disasters there. Their experience points instead to the combined forces of nature and human fallibility. That phrase nature and human fallibility is not as flashy as the compass went mad, but it fits the evidence more often. It allows for bad weather, difficult seas, errors, mechanical problems, poor decisions, and incomplete evidence. It is less cinematic, but it is sturdier. Still, there is something emotionally powerful about the compass idea. Direction is one of the most basic forms of safety. A child learns very early that being lost is frightening. Adults cover that fear with maps, apps, signs, schedules, and confidence. But the older fear remains. To be lost over water is to have that childhood fear enlarged by geography. There are no familiar streets, no front doors, no neighbors, no shop windows, no porch lights. There is only the instrument, the calculation, the fuel, the weather, and the hope that the next decision is the right one. So when people hear that compasses may behave strangely in the Bermuda Triangle, the story lands in a very old part of the mind. It says, "What if north is not north? What if the one thing that should guide you refuses to agree with the map? What if you're not just lost but unable to know how lost you are?" These are powerful questions, even when the scientific answer is calmer. The answer is not that the triangle destroys direction. The answer is that direction has always been more complicated than most passengers realize. There is also a lesson here about certainty. A compass provides a direction, not a guarantee. A map provides a representation, not the sea A radio provides communication, if it works. A forecast provides probability, not a promise. Navigation is the art of making all these partial tools agree well enough to move safely through the world. In the Bermuda Triangle, the legend grew around moments when that agreement seemed to fail, sometimes because of real confusion. Sometimes because of later exaggeration, sometimes because the final evidence was missing. And missing evidence has a way of making every theory feel invited. The magnetic mystery, then is not best understood as a giant invisible force lurking between Florida, Bermuda, and Puerto Rico. It is better understood as a collection of real navigational challenges made famous by repetition and fear. Earth's magnetic field is real. Declination is real. Magnetic north moves. Compass correction matters. Instruments can be misunderstood. Human beings can make errors. Open water gives few second chances. Place all of that inside a famous triangle and the result is a story that feels larger than its parts. And perhaps that is why the compass remains one of the most lasting symbols of the Bermuda Triangle. It sits at the boundary between science and instinct. Science tells us how the needle works, why it points where it does, and how to correct for its difference from true north. Instinct tells us that a confused compass means trouble. Both are useful in their own way. The science keeps us from inventing monsters when none are needed. The instinct reminds us not to treat direction casually. By now, the idea of magnetic confusion has become so tangled with the triangle that it is hard to separate fact from mood. The facts are manageable. Compasses point to magnetic north, not usually true north. Declination varies by location and time. Navigators must correct for it. The agonic line is where that correction is zero. Earth's magnetic field changes. So models like the world magnetic model are updated for modern navigation. The mood is different. The mood is a pilot hearing uncertainty in his own voice. A sailor watching a needle and not liking what it says. A search team plotting possible positions across too much water. A family hearing that the last known direction may not have been reliable. That is where the Bermuda Triangle story keeps its hold. Not in the claim that magnetism explains everything because it does not. Not in the image of compasses spinning like nervous clock hands because that is more legend than evidence. It holds because navigation is a fragile agreement between tools, training, environment, and judgment. When that agreement breaks, the ocean does not need to become supernatural. It only needs to be large. And once direction becomes uncertain, the next danger often arrives from above rather than below. A compass can guide a route, but it cannot calm the sky. A chart can mark a passage, but it cannot stop warm air from rising, storms from forming, or visibility from closing around a pilot at the wrong time. Many of the triangle's most practical explanations begin not with magnetism, but with weather. the ordinary, measurable, and sometimes violent force that can turn a familiar route into a very different place before anyone has quite finished believing the day is safe. Weather is one of those explanations that can sound almost too ordinary at first. It does not arrive with the satisfying strangeness of a magnetic portal, a lost civilization, or a secret doorway under the waves. It is not dramatic in the way legends prefer, at least not until you are inside it. from a safe room with a roof above you and a mug on the table. Bad weather can sound like a background detail. A storm passed through. Visibility dropped. Winds increased. Seas became rough. These phrases are easy to read and even easier to underestimate. But to a pilot over open water or a sailor watching the horizon darken, weather is not background. It is the environment changing its mind around you. The Bermuda Triangle sits in a part of the Atlantic where weather has many ways to become difficult. Warm ocean water, tropical air, seab breezes, thunderstorms, squalls, water spouts, hurricanes, and fastmoving local changes can all belong to the same broad neighborhood. Not every day is dangerous, of course. Most days are not. Many crossings through the region are calm, ordinary, and so uneventful that the most memorable part may be a delayed sandwich or a sunburn, someone insisted would not happen. But the region has the ingredients for sudden trouble, and sudden trouble is exactly the kind that grows legends. A calm surface can be misleading. The ocean does not always announce its plans far in advance. A morning can begin with soft light, mild wind, and water that looks flat enough to polish. Then clouds build. The air feels heavier. A line of rain appears in the distance. Wind shifts. Waves steepen. A small boat that felt comfortable an hour earlier begins to feel very small indeed. A pilot looking down at friendly blue water may soon be looking at cloud layers, rain shafts, turbulence, and a horizon that is no longer easy to separate from the sea. Weather does not need to be historic to be dangerous. It only needs to be strong enough for the craft, crew, and situation in front of it. This is important because popular versions of the Bermuda Triangle often skip over ordinary weather as if ordinary weather could not possibly explain extraordinary fear. But weather is one of the most powerful forces on Earth. It moves ships, grounds aircraft, floods cities, closes ports, damages engines, blocks visibility, and changes decisions. It can turn a confident journey into a calculation of survival. The fact that it can be measured does not make it gentle. A thunderstorm does not become polite because meteorologists understand it. It remains a tall moving engine of wind, water, electricity, and unstable air. And it is very much capable of ruining someone's afternoon, or far worse. The Atlantic hurricane season officially runs from June 1st through November 30th. And the Atlantic basin includes the Atlantic Ocean, the Caribbean Sea, and the Gulf region. That does not mean every Bermuda Triangle story involves a hurricane. Many do not. It also does not mean that the region is dangerous only during those months. But it places the triangle near a seasonal system of risk that sailors, pilots, insurers, forecasters, and coastal residents take seriously. Tropical storms and hurricanes are large, organized, and often tracked carefully. But the ocean does not wait until a storm has a famous name before it becomes hazardous. Lesser systems, thunderstorms, squall lines, and local gusts can still create very real trouble. The National Weather Service notes that wind gusts from thunderstorms over water can be dangerous to small boats at 30 mph or 26 knots and greater. It also describes down bursts as powerful sinking air beneath thunderstorms, a hazard that can be especially dangerous to aviation during takeoff and landing. Those numbers deserve a little attention because they sound modest if you hear them while sitting still. 30 mph is not a hurricane. It may not even sound like a storm worth canceling a barbecue over, though your paper plates may disagree. But out on the water, wind is not just wind. It pushes against hulls, builds waves, changes handling, creates spray, and makes small mistakes harder to correct. For a small vessel, especially one already dealing with engine trouble, poor visibility, or uncertain position, a strong gust can be the difference between manageable and dangerous. Downbursts and micro bursts are another piece of the weather puzzle. A micro burst is a localized column of sinking air within a thunderstorm, usually no more than 2.5 m wide, but capable of causing damaging winds when the air hits the surface and spreads outward. To an aircraft, this can be a serious hazard because it can change wind conditions rapidly. A plane may encounter a sudden shift from headwind to downdraft to tailwind, which affects lift and performance. Near landings and takeoffs, this has been a major aviation safety concern. Over open water, the exact situation differs, but the principle remains unsettling. Air that looks like empty space is not empty at all. It can move violently downward and outward with little concern for the assumptions in a cockpit. Now imagine trying to tell that story after the fact if the aircraft is gone and the weather records are incomplete. A strange disappearance may become a mystery cuz no one survived to describe the sudden gust, the turbulence, the rain, the disorientation, or the chain of decisions that followed. Later, people may look at the absence and ask why there was no clear distress call. But in fast changing weather, a crew may have little time to explain. Aviating, navigating, communicating. Pilots are taught these priorities for a reason. First, keep the aircraft flying. Then know where it is going, then tell others. In a worsening situation, a long calm message for future historians may not be available, which is inconsiderate of emergencies, but very common of them. For boats, sudden weather can be just as punishing, though in a different way. A small vessel that loses power in calm water may drift, radio for help, or wait. The same vessel losing power and building seas has a much harder problem. Waves can turn the boat broadside. Water can come aboard. Equipment can break loose. Crew can become exhausted or injured. Visibility can fall. A radio antenna can be damaged. A billagege pump can fail. Each issue may be survivable alone, but weather encourages problems to meet one another. It is very sociable in that unfortunate way. Water spouts add another visual element to the fear. Noah explains that water spouts usually develop over warm tropical ocean waters and that they are seen in the Florida Keys more than any other place in the world. The National Weather Service describes water spouts as tornadoes over water with both tornadic and nons supercell types and notes that a mature water spout may have a spray ring at the surface. A water spout is not the explanation for every Bermuda Triangle disappearance. Not even close, but it belongs to the region's real weather vocabulary. It is a reminder that the line between ordinary cloud and dangerous rotating column can sometimes be much thinner than a calm postcard suggests. There is a particular unease in seeing dangerous weather over beautiful water. A thunderstorm over an industrial harbor already looks serious. A thunderstorm over turquoise sea can feel almost unfair. The color of the water suggests holiday. The sky suggests caution. The mind receives mixed messages. This contrast has helped the Bermuda Triangle legend in ways that are easy to understand. The region is famous for islands, beaches, clear water, and warm light. It is not a place people instinctively file under danger. So, when danger appears there, it seems to violate the setting. A storm in a dark northern sea feels expected. A storm over bright tropical water feels like a betrayal, which is perhaps unfair to weather because it never promised to behave for photographs. Tropical weather also has scale. A hurricane can affect a vast region and even if its center is far away, swells, outer bands, wind shifts, and deteriorating seas can matter. The National Hurricane Center issues outlooks and discussions for tropical systems because these systems can develop, strengthen, weaken, curve, stall, and surprise people who stopped paying attention too early. Mariners and pilots do not only worry about where a storm is. They worry about where it will be, how quickly conditions are changing and whether the planned route remains safe. A forecast is not a guarantee. It is a skilled estimate of a changing system and changing systems are famous for being rude to confidence. Before modern forecasting, this was even more difficult. Many of the famous Bermuda Triangle stories come from eras when weather satellites were unavailable or limited. Aircraft weather radar was not what it is today. Communication was weaker and forecasting over open ocean was less precise. Today we can watch clouds from space, track storms with aircraft, satellites, boys, radar, models, and ship reports. Earlier, crews had less warning. A vessel might leave with the best information available and meet weather that had changed faster than expected. A pilot might enter conditions that looked manageable at first and then lose visual references, radio clarity, or position confidence. When later investigators look back, the weather may be one of the most likely suspects, but not always one that leaves fingerprints. That is one of Weather's great advantages as a mystery maker. It can do damage and then move on. A reef remains. A mechanical defect may be found in wreckage. A cargo problem may be traced through records, but a squall passes. A downburst ends. A thunderstorm cell collapses. The sea may remain rough for a while, then smooth out as if nothing happened. By the time search crews arrive, the sky can look innocent. The ocean can look calm. People may wonder how such a peaceful place could have taken anything at all. Weather is very good at leaving the scene. The Gulf Stream complicates this further. Noah describes the Gulf Stream as a powerful current, fastest near the surface with typical maximum speeds of about 5.6 mph and an average speed around 4 mph. That may not sound fast compared with a car, but for an ocean current moving vast amounts of water, it is serious. Wind against current can create rougher, steeper seas. Floating debris can be carried away from a wreck site. This search area can shift if a storm or squall damages a vessel or aircraft and debris enters the water. The current can help separate the evidence from the location of the event. A mystery that began in the sky can become a problem of water movement. This is where the Bermuda Triangle becomes less like a single cause and more like a machine made of many moving parts. Warm water helps create unstable air. Thunderstorms create gusts, downdrafts, lightning, rain, and rough seas. Currents move vessels and debris. Visibility changes. Navigation becomes harder. Communication may become strained. If a craft is small, old, overloaded, poorly maintained, low on fuel, or crewed by people who are tired or inexperienced, the risk rises quickly. No one part of that system needs to be bizarre. The combination is enough. In aviation, weather can also create spatial disorientation. This is a plain phrase for a frightening experience. When a pilot cannot see the horizon clearly, the body's sense of motion can become unreliable. The inner ear can mislead. A bank may not feel like a bank. Level flight may feel wrong. Climbing, descending, turning, and accelerating can create sensations that do not match the instruments. Instrument training exists because the body is not a dependable flight instrument, despite having served us reasonably well when walking to the fridge. Overwater, where visual references are few, clouds, haze, darkness, and rain can make disorientation more likely if a pilot is not properly trained, equipped, or focused. A famous phrase in aviation is continued VFR into IMC, which means a pilot flying under visual flight rules continues into instrument meteorological conditions where visual references are no longer sufficient. This has caused many accidents around the world. The Bermuda Triangle does not own this problem. It is not even especially original in this regard. But the region's open water, islands, sudden showers, haze, and storms can create conditions where visual confidence fades. If a pilot becomes uncertain while also dealing with navigation problems, fuel limits, or communication issues, the situation can deteriorate. The same is true at sea with visibility. Rain can erase distance. Night can reduce the world to instruments, lights, and sound. A squall line can hide land, boys, or other vessels. A small craft may lose sight of a channel marker or mistake one light for another. In shallow areas with reefs and banks, poor visibility can be dangerous. In deep open water, it can turn a route into guesswork. If equipment is unreliable, the weather does not need to sink the boat directly. It can make the crew make a worse decision. That is often how disasters work. They are not single blows. They are traps set by conditions. Lightning is another concern, though it is often less discussed in triangle legends because it is too normal to be exciting. Lightning can damage electronics, radios, navigation systems, and electrical components. A strike at sea or in the air can be serious depending on the circumstances. Modern aircraft are designed to withstand lightning strikes, and many do, but equipment problems can still occur. Smaller boats may be more vulnerable. A damaged radio or navigation system during worsening weather is exactly the kind of practical problem that later becomes mysterious because no one hears the rest of the story. Rain itself can be a hazard beyond simple discomfort. Heavy rain reduces visibility, affects radar interpretation, fills small boats, makes decks slippery, and can accompany downdrafts and gust fronts. In aircraft, heavy precipitation can create turbulence, reduce visibility, and signal convective activity that pilots prefer to avoid. A cloud is not just a cloud when it is part of a thunderstorm. It is a structure with rising air, sinking air, electrical activity, water droplets, ice, and changing winds. From outside, it may look like a gray wall. Inside, it may be a very poor place to take a shortcut. This is another reason the Bermuda Triangle legend can mislead. It encourages people to imagine a unique danger inside the triangle, but weather hazards are widespread. Thunderstorms occur in many places. Hurricanes affect large parts of the Atlantic basin. Water spouts occur beyond the triangle, too. Downbursts and micro bursts are not Bermuda specialists with tiny passports. The real question is not whether these hazards exist only there. They do not. The question is how they interact with the region's traffic, roots, currents, geography, and history of reported incidents. The triangle is not frightening because it has weather no other place has. It is frightening because weather there can meet open water, heavy traffic, and difficult search conditions. There is also the human problem of believing the weather should behave according to plan. People like schedules. Ships have arrivals. Flights have fuel planning. Passengers have expectations. Cargo has deadlines. Training flights have routes. Private Boers have hotel bookings and dinner reservations. Weather does not care about any of this. It will not delay a thunderstorm because someone has already paid for a non-refundable room. That mismatch between human planning and atmospheric reality is a quiet source of risk. People may continue longer than they should because turning back feels inconvenient, embarrassing, expensive or unnecessary. Then the situation changes and the earlier decision becomes much more important. In many accidents, the weather is not a surprise in the absolute sense. It may have been forecast. It may have been visible. It may have been building. The surprise is how quickly it becomes unmanageable for the particular craft and crew involved. A strong vessel with experienced crew may pass through conditions that would overwhelm a smaller boat. A welle equipped aircraft with trained pilots may handle weather that would be dangerous for another pilot in another machine. Weather risk is not only about the storm. It is about the meeting between the storm and the traveler. A wave does not have to be huge in general. It only has to be too much for the boat it finds. This makes the phrase weather that turns without warning slightly complicated. Sometimes weather truly does change quickly. Small storms can build. Gusts can arrive. Visibility can collapse. And water spouts can form with less notice than anyone would like. Other times there are warnings, but they are missed, misunderstood, underestimated, or overtaken by events. In the legend, the weather often seems to turn like a villain. In reality, the turn may be a chain of observations and decisions, some of which only look obvious afterward. Hindsight is very good at weather forecasting, which is easy for hindsight because it arrives after the storm. To scientists and investigators, weather is not a vague excuse. It is something to reconstruct carefully. They look at reports, pressure, wind, satellite data when available, ship observations, aircraft communications, radar records, sea states, storm tracks, and the timing of distress or disappearance. Sometimes weather clearly explains an incident. Sometimes it contributes. Sometimes it is uncertain. But it is almost always worth asking about because weather changes the operating environment. It can turn manageable problems into urgent ones. A failing engine in calm weather is one kind of emergency. A failing engine in a squall is another. A navigation error in clear daylight is bad. A navigation error in rain and low cloud can be much worse. The public, however, often prefers explanations that feel less ordinary. There is a reason sudden violent weather and navigational difficulty does not travel as far as mysterious force field. One sounds like a report. The other sounds like a trailer. But the report is where the danger usually lives. The strongest scientific answer to the Bermuda Triangle is not that nothing dangerous happens there. It is that the danger is made of recognizable things. Weather, currents, navigation, equipment, human limits, and the difficulty of finding evidence afterward. Recognizable does not mean harmless. It means we can study it, reduce risk, and still respect it. The frightening thing about weather in the Bermuda Triangle is that it does not need to be rare. It can be part of the ordinary operating environment. Thunderstorms are ordinary. Squalls are ordinary. Tropical systems are seasonal. Water spouts are known phenomena. The Gulfream is a known current. But when ordinary hazards occur in a place already associated with disappearance, they take on a different feeling. A rainstorm becomes atmosphere. A gust becomes a clue. A water spout becomes a suspect. A hurricane track becomes part of the legend. This is how the triangle turns weather into memory. At the same time, weather reminds us why the wildest story is not necessary. The natural world already has enough power. A small boat in a strong thunderstorm does not require a curse. A pilot losing visual references does not require a portal. Debris carried away by current after rough weather does not require a vanished dimension. Nature is more than capable of producing events that feel impossible to people waiting safely on land. The gap between what happened and what can be proved later is where the legend grows. So when we think about weather in the Bermuda Triangle, we should not imagine a permanent storm waiting in the middle of the map. That is not how the region works. Most of the time, the sky is just sky. Flights pass, ships move, tourists arrive, fishing boats return, people take photographs of sunsets that are not ominous at all, just orange and pleasant and perhaps a little overshared. Then on some days, the atmosphere changes. Clouds build, wind rises, a shower becomes a wall, a manageable sea becomes confused, instruments become more important, decisions become heavier. The same place that felt easy becomes demanding. This is the practical terror of weather. It does not make the Bermuda Triangle uniquely cursed. It makes the ocean honestly dangerous. It shows how quickly confidence can be tested and how little room there may be for error when the nearest solid ground is far away. It also explains why some disappearances leave so few clues. A storm can damage, scatter, sink, and erase. A current can carry, deep water can hide. By the time the story reaches land, what remains may be only the root, the time, the names, and the word missing. That word has done more for the Bermuda Triangle than any storm ever could. Missing. It turns weather from an event into a question. If the wreckage is found and the cause is clear, weather becomes explanation. If the wreckage is not found, weather becomes possibility. And possibility is where legends are most comfortable. From here, the story moves naturally into another set of scientific suspects. Because weather is not the only natural force people have tried to place beneath the triangle's Some explanations come from the sea itself. Gas rising from the ocean floor, waves that appear larger than expected, currents that move with great strength, and ocean conditions that can damage vessels before anyone understands what has happened. Some of these ideas are plausible in certain contexts. Some have been stretched far beyond the evidence. All of them show the same thing in different ways. The Bermuda Triangle does not need one impossible secret when the real ocean already contains enough strange and powerful behavior to keep investigators busy. After weather, the Bermuda Triangle story tends to sink below the surface where the explanations become heavier, colder, and in some cases a little more dramatic than they first appear. This is the part of the mystery where science and speculation begin walking side by side. Not always at the same speed and not always with the same destination in mind. Some ideas are based on real natural forces. Some are possible in certain places but not proven for the famous triangle cases. Some sound scientific because they use good scientific words but once you look closely they begin to wobble like a folding chair at a family picnic. One of the most famous scientific suspects is methane. Not just ordinary methane floating around in the air, but methane hydrate. Sometimes called fire ice, which is an icelike solid made of water and methane gas. It forms in places where pressure is high and temperature is low, especially in sediments beneath the seafloor along continental margins. USGS describes gas hydrate as something that forms naturally when water combines with certain gases under low temperature and moderate pressure conditions with methane being the gas most often trapped inside it. This is real science. Methane hydrates are not invented for television specials. They exist, they are studied, and they matter to geology, climate research, and energy discussions. They just may not be the tidy master key that unlocks every Bermuda Triangle disappearance, which is inconsiderate of them really after being given such a dramatic role. The theory usually goes something like this. Methane trapped beneath the seafloor is suddenly released. Large amounts of gas bubble upward through the water. Those bubbles reduce the density of the water near the surface. A ship passing through that disturbed patch may lose buoyancy, sink rapidly, and leave little time for distress calls. In some versions, methane gas then rises into the air and interferes with aircraft engines, causing planes to crash as well. It is an attractive idea because it sounds natural, powerful, and unusual. It gives the triangle a hidden mechanism. No monsters required, just geology having a very bad day. At first glance, the ship part has a certain logic. Ships float because they displace water. If the water beneath a ship was suddenly filled with enough gas bubbles, the support from that water could change. The vessel might sit lower, become unstable, take on water, or sink. Experiments and discussions have explored whether gas bubbling can reduce buoyancy enough to affect a vessel. And the idea is not completely absurd in a narrow physical sense. But the trouble is scale, timing, evidence, and location. To sink a large ship quickly, the release would need to be very large, very sudden, and very close to the vessel. It would also need to happen at the right moment, under the right conditions, and then leave little evidence. That is a lot to ask of bubbles, even ambitious ones. A smaller vessel might be more vulnerable than a large ship, but even then the event would have to be extreme. Normal sealoor gas seepage is not enough. A few bubbles rising through the water are not going to swallow a cargo ship like a bathtub drain. They may disturb sediments, feed microbial communities, or create interesting research opportunities for oceanographers, but they are unlikely to make a vessel vanish in the grand theatrical manner that the legend suggests. Nature can be dramatic, yes, but is also quite fond of details, and the details matter. For aircraft, the methane idea becomes even more difficult. A plane would need to encounter a large concentration of methane in the air at the right altitude and location in a concentration that could affect engine performance or combustion. That is not impossible in every imaginable scenario, but it is not something that has been clearly tied to the famous Bermuda Triangle cases. It also does not explain navigation confusion, radio silence, weather, fuel loss, structural problems, or the many different circumstances involved in different disappearances. This is one of the problems with grand theories. They may explain one narrow kind of accident in theory. And then people try to make them explain everything from a missing tanker to a training flight to someone's uncle's fishing boat, which is asking quite a lot from one geological process. There is also a geographic issue. Methane hydrates are known in many places around the world. USGS notes that most methane hydrate deposits globally are found below the seafloor at water depths greater than about 300 to 500 m on continental margins. If methane hydrates alone made a region into a vanishing zone, we would expect many other continental margin areas to collect similar legends with equal force. Some have their own maritime dangers, of course, but they do not all become Bermuda triangles. That tells us the legend is not only about geology. It is about traffic, storytelling, missing evidence, media attention, and the human habit of turning clusters of events into shapes. A 2014 discussion reported by Liv Science and Southern Methodist University covered claims linking methane gas explosions to Bermuda Triangle vanishings. But scientists quoted in that coverage treated the idea cautiously with one calling it an interesting theory rather than a proven explanation. That is often where the best version of the methane theory belongs. Interesting, worth understanding, physically grounded in some ways, but not demonstrated as the cause of the famous disappearances. It is a suspect with a real address, not a convicted criminal. This is a good moment to remember a useful rule for mysteries. A real phenomenon is not automatically the right explanation just because it sounds impressive. Lightning is real, but it does not explain every house fire. Sink holes are real, but they do not explain every missing car. Bubbles are real, and methane hydrates are real, but that does not mean every missing ship in the western North Atlantic was taken by a gas release. Scientific explanations must match the evidence of each case. They need timing, location, mechanism, and consistency. Without those, they become stories with scientific furniture. Then there are rogue waves, which are another kind of scientific suspect and a much more immediately frightening one for sailors. NOA describes rogue waves, also called extreme storm waves, by scientists, as waves greater than twice the size of surrounding waves, very unpredictable, and often arriving unexpectedly from directions other than the prevailing wind and waves. That definition is unsettling enough without any help from legends. A ship may be handling rough seas and then one much larger wave arrives at the wrong angle with steep sides and a deep trough and suddenly the sea is not just rough. It is dangerous in a way the crew may not have expected. For a long time rogue waves lived partly in sailor stories. Enormous waves had been reported, but reports from exhausted crews in dangerous weather were sometimes treated with doubt. that changed as measurements and modern observation confirm that unusually large sudden waves do happen. The ocean is not a flat set of repeating ripples. Waves interact with wind, currents, storms, and each other. Under certain conditions, wave energy can focus, and one wave can become much larger than the surrounding sea. To anyone on a vessel in its path, this is not folklore. It is a wall of moving water with a very poor attitude. Rogue waves are especially appealing as a Bermuda Triangle explanation because they can damage or sink vessels quickly. A large enough wave striking a ship badly can break windows, flood compartments, damage equipment, roll smaller craft, or overwhelm a vessel already struggling in bad conditions. Unlike a hurricane, a rogue wave may not leave a broad weather system that everyone can point to afterward. It may be part of rough seas, but its exact moment can be hard to reconstruct. If no one survives, the wave leaves no witness. If the ship sinks in deep water and debris scatters, the evidence may be minimal. For a legend built on sudden disappearance, rogue waves fit the mood very well. But once again, fit is not proof. Rogue waves are real and they may explain some maritime losses somewhere, perhaps even some losses in or near the triangle, but they do not explain aircraft disappearances. They do not explain radio confusion before a plane runs low on fuel. They do not explain every missing vessel, especially those lost in conditions that may not have supported such waves. They are part of the ocean's danger, not a universal solution. A rogue wave is not the Bermuda Triangle wearing a wave costume. It is one real hazard among many. The Gulf Stream may help create difficult seas in some situations. Noah notes that the Gulfream surface velocity can reach about 5.6 mph with an average speed around 4 mph and that the current transports more water than all the world's rivers combined. A strong current meeting wind or waves from another direction can create rougher, steeper, more confused seas. It can also move debris far from where a vessel or aircraft went down. This matters because the lack of wreckage is one of the triangle's strongest emotional ingredients. If wreckage is not found where people expect it, the mind begins to reach for stranger explanations. But in a moving ocean, evidence does not wait neatly at the scene. Imagine a search team working from a last known position that may already be uncertain. Add hours of delay. Add wind. Add current. Add floating debris that moves at different speeds depending on shape, weight, and exposure above the water. Add sinking debris that goes straight down or drifts before it sinks. Add deep water, waves, and bad visibility. The search area expands. The clean dot on the map becomes a wide restless region. If nothing is found, it feels like the object vanished. But it may have sunk, drifted, broken apart, or moved outside the search zone. That is not satisfying, but the ocean is not required to be satisfying. It has other priorities, mainly being enormous. Another suspect sometimes mentioned is the sudden failure of the seafloor itself. Submarine landslides can occur when sediments on the ocean floor become unstable and slide down slope. Gas hydrate can be associated with seafloor sediments. And USGS notes that hydrate breakdown can release methane and water into surrounding sediments, increasing internal pressure. This can prime slopes for failure if triggered by something like an earthquake or too much sediment. Though USGS also states there is no evidence that gas hydrate itself causes seafloor failures. This is a careful scientific distinction which means it's exactly the kind of sentence that gets shortened badly in popular retellings. Hydrates may prime slopes under certain conditions becomes gas ice opens the seafloor and eats ships and from there the poor facts are already waving goodbye from the dock. Seafloor landslides can matter in the ocean. They may affect cables, disturb sediments, generate local water movement, and in some settings contribute to tsunamis. But again, using them to explain the Bermuda Triangle requires actual evidence for a specific event. Was there a landslide at the right time and place? Was a ship above it? Was the water depth appropriate? Was there seismic activity? Did records show anything? Without that, it remains a possible natural process, not a confirmed explanation. The seafloor is not perfectly still. But it is also not a trapoor waiting under every unfortunate vessel. Some people bring up underwater volcanoes, earthquakes, or sudden gas eruptions as broad explanations. These are real geological phenomena in the world. But the Bermuda Triangle is not generally treated by scientists as a unique geological danger zone. That explains its reputation. NAA states that there is no evidence mysterious disappearances occur more frequently there than in other large heavily traveled areas of ocean and that the US Navy and US Coast Guard do not accept supernatural explanations for disasters at sea. The useful point is not that geology is irrelevant. It is that extraordinary geological claims need more than a frightening map and a confident narrator. Then there are equipment failures which may sound dull until you remember that equipment is what keeps people alive in difficult conditions. An engine failure far offshore is not a small matter. A steering failure, electrical fault, fuel contamination, leaking hull, malfunctioning billagege pump, damaged radio, faulty compass, or failed navigation system can turn a routine trip into an emergency. On aircraft, mechanical problems may involve engines, instruments, radios, electrical systems, fuel systems, or structural issues. These are not exotic, but they are serious. A mechanical problem in clear weather near a runway is one thing. A mechanical problem over open water in poor visibility is another. The machine and the environment cannot be separated. The Bermuda Triangle legend tends to hide maintenance behind mystery. It focuses on the moment of disappearance because that is where the suspense lives. But investigators often look backward. They ask what condition the vessel or aircraft was in before departure. Were repairs needed? Was the cargo loaded correctly? Was the crew trained? Were safety rules followed? Was the aircraft fit for the route? Was the boat too small for the conditions? Was the fuel sufficient? Were the radios working? Did anyone ignore warnings? These questions are not glamorous. They also save lives. A mystery may begin at sea, but its cause may have been sitting in a checklist hours earlier. Human error is another suspect and perhaps the most uncomfortable one. People do not like to say it, especially when lives were lost because it can sound like blame. But human error does not always mean carelessness. It can mean fatigue, stress, poor information, bad visibility, confusing instruments, wrong assumptions, incomplete training, pressure to continue, or a decision that seemed reasonable at the time. Over open water, the cost of ordinary error can be high. A wrong heading, delayed turn, misunderstood radio call, fuel miscalculation, or failure to turn back soon enough can become fatal. Human fallibility is not a moral failure. It is a design feature of our species along with curiosity, storytelling, and the ability to lose sunglasses while wearing them. This is why the Bermuda Triangle remains useful as a study in risk. It gathers many hazards that are not unique on their own, but become powerful together. A storm, a current, a compass correction, a tired pilot, a weak radio, an old ship, a dangerous cargo, a wave, a bad forecast, a missing distress call, a delayed search. Any one of these might be manageable. Several together can become disaster. The legend looks for one hidden cause beneath the water. Real accidents often come from chains. There is a phrase used in accident investigation called the Swiss cheese model. The idea is that defenses against disaster are like slices of Swiss cheese. Each slice has holes, but the holes are in different places. Usually, one layer catches what another misses. But when the holes line up, a hazard passes through every layer, and an accident happens. The Bermuda Triangle is often imagined as one giant hole in reality. A more careful view suggests many smaller holes. weather, navigation, maintenance, communication, training, equipment, geography, search difficulty. When enough of them align, a journey can fail in a way that later looks mysterious. This is also why some scientific suspects are appealing but incomplete. Methane gives the legend a hidden seafloor cause. Rogue waves give it sudden violence. The Gulf Stream gives it moving evidence. Mechanical failure gives it practical weakness. Human error gives it decision points. Weather gives it changing conditions. None of these alone has to explain the whole legend. Together they explain why the region can produce frightening stories without needing the supernatural. The fear is not that science has no suspects. The fear is that science has many and several can arrive together. A vessel struck by a large wave may lose power. Without power, it may drift into worse seas. A damaged radio may prevent a distress call. The Gulfream may move debris. If the last known position was uncertain, search crews may look in the wrong place. Later, the case is remembered as a ship that vanished without a trace. Each link is natural. The final story feels unnatural because the links are missing from public memory. The same can happen with aircraft. A pilot encounters weather, becomes uncertain of position, trusts a mistaken assumption, burns fuel while trying to correct, loses communication or gives unclear reports, then goes down in rough seas. If wreckage is not found, the legend keeps only the silence. It says the aircraft disappeared. Technically, yes. Emotionally, the word suggests a clean and impossible removal from the world. In reality, the aircraft may have followed a chain of ordinary failures into a place where evidence was hard to recover. The scientific suspects also show how easily the Bermuda Triangle story borrows credibility. Real science gives us methane hydrates, rogue waves, ocean currents, storm systems, magnetic variation, and human factors. The legend takes those real things and sometimes stretches them until they cover more than they should. This is not unusual. Popular mysteries often survive by mixing genuine facts with large assumptions. The genuine facts keep the story from floating away completely. The assumptions give it wings or perhaps fins depending on the evening. A careful listener can hold both ideas at once. Methane hydrates are real but not proven as the cause of the famous vanishings. Rogue waves are real, but not an all-purpose answer. The Gulf Stream is real and can move debris, but it does not sink ships by itself. Weather is real and dangerous, but not every loss happened in a documented storm. Human error is real, but not every case gives enough evidence to know what people did wrong. Mechanical failure is real, but without wreckage, sometimes it cannot be confirmed. The honest answer is often less tidy than the legend and more useful than the myth. That may be the hardest part of the Bermuda Triangle for people to accept. We want one reason. We want a final reveal. We want the moment when the investigator turns from the wall of maps and says, "Of course, it was this all along." But the ocean does not always provide that kind of ending. It gives partial records, damaged evidence, delayed searches, and conditions that change before anyone can measure them. The truth may be different for each case. Some losses may be weather, some navigation, some mechanical, some structural, some human, some unknown, but not therefore impossible. Science at its best does not remove fear by pretending nothing bad happens. It gives fear a shape. It says, "Here are the hazards. Here are the limits. Here is what we can measure. Here is what we cannot know. Here is where a popular theory is plausible. Here is where it fails. That is calmer than legend, but not weaker. In fact, it is stronger because it does not need to force every disappearance into the same box. It lets each event be studied on its own terms. So, the scientific suspects beneath the Bermuda Triangle are not a line of villains waiting to confess. They're a crowded room of possibilities. Methane sits there looking dramatic but unproven. Rogue waves sit there looking very real and very dangerous but not universal. The Gulf Stream sits there quietly moving the evidence while everyone argues. Weather leans against the wall having already done a great deal of work in the previous part. Human error and mechanical failure sit near the door, familiar and uncomfortable. Deep water says very little because deep water does not need to explain itself. And perhaps that is why the mystery remains so difficult to sink. Not because it has no explanation, but because it has too many partial ones, each useful in some cases, none able to carry the whole legend alone. The triangle has become a place where real hazards are gathered under one famous name. Some are physical, some are psychological, some belong to the sea. Some belong to us. And once a name becomes famous enough, even good explanations do not always make it disappear. Because the next question is no longer simply what happened out there. It is why we keep returning to the story. Why the mystery survives correction and why a region crossed safely every day can still feel in the public imagination like a warning drawn over blue water. The strangest thing about the Bermuda Triangle may not be that people once believed it was unusually dangerous. The strangest thing may be that the belief is still alive after so many careful explanations have been offered, printed, debated, corrected, and quietly placed on the table like a sensible cup of tea. NOA states that there is no evidence often in the Bermuda Triangle than in any other large welltraveled part of the ocean. And Britannica notes that the phrase Bermuda Triangle itself only entered popular use in 1964 after Vincent Gadis used it in an Argusy magazine article. And yet here we are. The name still works. The map still feels charged. The old stories still gather listeners. The moment someone says Bermuda Triangle, people do not usually think, "Ah, yes, a statistically disputed maritime legend in a busy region of the western North Atlantic." They think of vanishing planes, empty seas, strange instruments, and the unpleasant possibility that the world may still have pockets where ordinary explanations arrive late and slightly out of breath. That is worth paying attention to. A mystery does not survive for this long simply because people have not heard the skeptical view. Many have. They know the broad arguments. They know the area is busy. They know weather, navigation, human error, currents, and mechanical failures can explain a great deal. They may even know that the triangle has no official fixed boundary, which makes counting incidents inside it a rather slippery exercise, like trying to count sheep while the sheep are allowed to redraw the fence. And still, the story does not go away. It does not sink under the weight of correction. It floats. It keeps floating because the Bermuda Triangle is not only a question about what happened to certain ships and planes. It is also a question about how human beings handle uncertainty. Uncertainty is uncomfortable. Not always loud, not always dramatic, but persistent. When something bad happens, and we know why, the mind has somewhere to put it. A storm caused it. A part failed. Someone made a wrong turn. A hole was weak. Fuel ran out. The explanation does not remove the loss, but it gives the loss edges. It allows the event to become part of a sequence. This happened, then that happened, then the result followed. A disappearance without a clear ending refuses to take that shape. It stays open. It becomes a room with a light off. And even if someone tells us there is probably only furniture in there, some part of us still imagines movement. The Bermuda Triangle is full of these dark rooms. Not because every case is equally mysterious, and not because all the famous stories were told accurately, but because the best known incidents share a feeling of incompletion. A vessel leaves and is not found. A plane communicates and then fall silent. A search begins and returns with little. Records do not answer everything. Whether reports are incomplete or wreckage is missing or the final decision in a cockpit or on a bridge is forever unknown. Investigators may have likely explanations, but likely is not the same as witnessed. Probable is not the same as seen. And the public imagination, which has never been known for its patience with incomplete paperwork, steps into that space and begins building. This is one reason the mystery refuses to sink. It is not only defended by believers. It is fed by missing endings. A solved accident becomes a cautionary tale. An unsolved disappearance becomes a legend. That difference matters. If a ship sinks in a storm and wreckage is found, the story may remain sad, but it usually does not grow tentacles. If a ship disappears and the wreck is never located, the story can keep changing shape for generations. People can add theories because there is no physical evidence strong enough to stop them. The sea, by hiding the last page, allows many people to write their own. The ocean is very good at this. It hides evidence more efficiently than most places on land. It moves debris with currents. It sinks heavy material into depth that may be difficult or expensive to search. It breaks objects apart. It damages records, bodies, cargo, and machines. It can turn a search area from difficult to absurdly large in only a few hours. That alone gives the Bermuda Triangle an advantage as a legend. A mystery in the ocean can stay mysterious because the ocean is not an archive. It does not preserve things neatly in folders. It does not label wreckage and leave it beside a boy with a polite note attached. It takes, moves, buries, scatters, and corrods. Then from the surface it may look calm. This calmness is part of the problem. Disasters at sea often leave no visible scar. A field where an aircraft crashed may bear marks. A road accident may leave glass, skid marks, photographs, witnesses, and reports. But the ocean can close over an event so completely that the next morning a traveler passing through the same area might see only sunlight on waves. This creates a strange emotional mismatch. If a place looks peaceful after a loss, the loss feels even harder to understand. People expect danger to leave signs. In the Bermuda Triangle, the sign is often only absence. Absence is powerful. It makes people listen harder. A final radio call can be replayed again and again. A last known position can be circled on maps. A missing distress signal becomes a question. A lack of wreckage becomes in some retellings almost more important than wreckage would have been. This is not quite logical, but it is human. We are drawn to gaps because gaps ask us to participate. They invite us to imagine the missing pieces. A complete report can be read and filed away. An incomplete one keeps tapping on the window. The Bermuda Triangle also survives because it has a very good shape. That sounds almost silly, but it matters. A triangle is easy to remember. It has three points, three sides, and a clean inside. Even if the actual borders are disputed and unofficial, the idea feels tidy. Miami, Bermuda, Puerto Rico, a line here, a line there, and suddenly the Atlantic has a frame. The frame gives the story a sense of order. It turns scattered incidents into something that looks like a pattern. Without the shape, many of the losses might remain separate tragedies. With the shape, they become clues. People love patterns. We are built to find them. In many cases, that ability keeps us alive. A rustle in tall grass may be wind, but if it might be a predator, noticing patterns quickly is useful. The trouble is that our pattern making system does not always know when to stop. It can connect events that are only loosely related. It can treat coincidence as design. It can make a famous region feel more dangerous simply because the famous cases are easier to remember than the thousands of ordinary journeys that pass through safely. This is sometimes called availability bias. The easier an example is to recall, the more common or important it may feel. A dramatic disappearance is memorable. A normal landing is not. No one gathers the family around to say, "Good news. Another plane crossed the Atlantic and nothing strange happened. Though perhaps airlines would enjoy the applause. The triangle's reputation feeds on this imbalance. Safe crossings disappear from memory almost instantly. Lost ships and aircraft remain. They are named, retold, filmed, exaggerated, corrected, and retold again. Over time, the rare event becomes the identity of the place. This is not unique to the Bermuda Triangle. Many places are known for their dangers more than their ordinary life. A mountain becomes famous for climbers who did not return, even though many did. A road becomes known for accidents, even though most drivers pass safely. A beach becomes known for shark attacks, even though millions enter the water without incident. Fear remembers exceptions. Routine has poor publicity. Media helped the Bermuda Triangle become more than a collection of incidents. The phrase gained public force after the 1964 article by Vincent Gadis and later books and television programs carried the idea much further. Once the story entered popular culture, it became self-reinforcing. A new audience learned the name. Writers found older cases and placed them inside the pattern. Television added music, maps, cloudy reenactments, and narrators who sounded as if they had personally offended the Atlantic. The story became entertainment. And entertainment does not always move at the same speed as careful investigation. This does not mean every storyteller acted in bad faith. Many were fascinated, as people naturally are, by unresolved loss. But popular mystery has a tendency to polish the strange parts and leave the dull parts in the drawer. A case with weather complications, maintenance concerns, navigation errors, and uncertain testimony can become, after enough retelling, a perfectly good ship vanished in calm seas. A pilot's confusion can become instruments failed for no reason. A lack of wreckage in deep moving water can become no trace could exist because something impossible happened. Each simplification makes the story easier to remember and less accurate. By the time corrections arrive, the legend has already found a comfortable chair. Corrections also face a problem. They're often less emotionally satisfying than the mystery. A person who has heard for years that the Bermuda Triangle may involve alien visitors, time warps, Atlantis, magnetic disturbances, or a secret force under the waves may not feel rewarded by hearing. Actually, many incidents likely involved weather, navigation, poor reporting, vessel condition, or ordinary accident rates. That answer is sensible. It may even be true. But it does not sparkle in the same way. It is hard for a fuel miscalculation to compete with a portal. It is hard for marine insurance statistics to compete with a vanished squadron. Reality often wears comfortable shoes while mystery arrives with a cape. There is also a personal reason the triangle stays frightening. It deals with travel and travel is a form of trust. Every journey begins with an assumption. I will leave here and arrive there. We make this assumption constantly. We trust roads, rails, engines, wings, hulls, maps, crews, schedules, and weather forecasts. Usually, this trust is rewarded so regularly that we stop noticing it. We become annoyed by delays rather than amazed by arrival. The Bermuda Triangle interrupts that ordinary confidence. It reminds us that departure and arrival are connected by systems that can fail. That reminder is uncomfortable because it applies beyond the triangle. A person does not need to cross the Bermuda Triangle to understand the fear of being between places, between airport and runway, between coast and island, between takeoff and landing, between last message and no answer. The triangle gives that fear a location. It turns a general human worry into a specific patch of ocean that makes it easier to discuss and harder to forget. Another reason the mystery survives is that science itself is sometimes misunderstood as a machine for producing complete certainty. People hear an expert say there is no evidence for a supernatural Bermuda Triangle and they may think science is claiming to know exactly what happened in every case. It is not. Science can say the broad legend is unsupported. It can say disappearances are not proven to be unusually frequent there. It can say natural and human factors explain many incidents better than paranormal theories. But it may still leave some individual cases unresolved because evidence is missing. That partial uncertainty can be used by believers as a doorway. They say, "But you do not know for sure." And in some cases that is true. We do not know for sure, but not knowing for sure is not the same as every explanation being equally likely. This is a subtle point and it matters very much. Unknown does not mean unknowable magic. Unexplained does not mean unexplainable. A missing wreck does not mean a ship entered another dimension. It may mean the wreck is deep, scattered, mislocated, or never searched with the right tools. But because science is honest about uncertainty, legends can sometimes borrow that honesty and bend it. The careful phrase, we cannot determine the exact cause, becomes in public memory, no normal cause is possible. Those are very different sentences. One is cautious, the other is selling tickets. The Bermuda Triangle also benefits from being just plausible enough at the edges. The wildest claims may be unsupported, but the region does contain real hazards, storms, currents, reefs, shallow banks, deep water, heavy traffic, and historically challenging NOA's explanation emphasizes that foul weather and poor navigation can make the ocean deadly anywhere, including the triangle. This means skeptics cannot simply say nothing dangerous happens there. Dangerous things do happen there. They happen in many oceans, but they still happen. That gives the legend raw material. A completely safe place cannot easily become terrifying. A genuinely hazardous, but not uniquely cursed place can. This middle ground is where the triangle lives most comfortably. It is not empty nonsense. Real people were lost. Real searches failed. Real weather occurs. Real navigation problems have happened. Real ships and planes have disappeared. But the leap from real losses to a single mysterious force is where the evidence weakens. The mystery refuses to sink because the first half of the story is true enough to keep the second half alive. Ships did vanish. Planes were lost. Wreckage was sometimes not found. People did wonder. The problem is what gets added after that. The public also has a complicated relationship with experts. When official agencies say the triangle is not unusually dangerous, some people find that reassuring. Others find it suspicious. There is a long tradition in mystery culture of treating official explanations as cover stories, not conclusions. If the Navy, Coast Guard, NOAA, or insurers do not see a supernatural mystery, that may be because there is no supernatural mystery. Or in the more imaginative version, because they know too much and are hiding it behind very calm language. This is how conspiracy thinking protects itself. Evidence against the theory becomes part of the theory. A denial becomes proof that the truth is being suppressed. At that point, the mystery has built itself a life raft. It helps that the Bermuda Triangle does not require one belief. Different people can bring different fears to it. Someone interested in aviation may focus on Flight 19. Someone drawn to shipwrecks may think of Cyclops or Marine Sulfur Queen. Someone who likes geology may talk about methane. Someone fascinated by the ocean may talk about rogue waves. Someone who enjoys paranormal stories may reach for aliens, Atlantis, or time slips. Someone skeptical may talk about statistics and bad reporting. The triangle can hold all of them because it is more of a cultural container than a single theory. It is a place where many explanations compete without one needing to win completely. That flexibility makes it durable. A mystery with only one claim can be damaged if that claim fails. A mystery with many claims can survive by shifting attention. If compasses are explained, talk about weather. If weather explains one case, bring up a different case. If a case is debunked, mention an older one with poorer records. If statistics weaken the region's reputation, focus on emotional impact instead. The Bermuda Triangle is not one locked door. It is a hallway of doors, and people keep opening whichever one feels most interesting that day. The name itself has become shorthand. It now describes more than geography. People use it casually to mean any place where things vanish. Lost socks, missing pens, emails no one can find. the drawer where phone chargers go to form secret governments. This everyday use keeps the legend alive in a small way. Even when people are joking, they repeat the name. Repetition is powerful. It keeps the triangle in language long after many people stop believing the strongest claims. A story does not need full belief to survive. Sometimes it only needs familiarity. Childhood plays a part, too. Many people first heard about the Bermuda Triangle when they were young. Perhaps in a library book, a television special, a classroom conversation, or from someone who enjoyed sounding mysterious at family gatherings. Childhood mysteries are sticky. They attach to the imagination before skepticism is fully built. Later, as adults, we may learn the more practical explanations, but the original feeling remains in the background. A person can know the closet is empty and still remember being afraid of it. Knowledge updates the mind. It does not always erase the atmosphere. That atmosphere is important to the triangle. It is not just what people believe. It is how the subject feels. Warm seas, empty horizons, static on a radio, a compass needle, a search plane flying low over water, a family waiting, a ship overdue. These images are simple and they work. They do not require detailed argument. They create a mood before facts arrive. Once a mood is strong enough, facts have to work harder. This is not a failure of intelligence. It is how storytelling functions. We are not computers sorting evidence in neat columns. We are animals with memory, fear, pattern recognition, and an unfortunate weakness for dramatic maps. The mystery also refuses to sink because it offers a rare modern version of the old unknown sea. Much of the world now feels measured. Satellites image the planet. Phones show our location. Aircraft are tracked. Weather systems are modeled. Ships use GPS. Maps update in our pockets. In such a world, it is strange and almost thrilling to imagine a place where things can still vanish. The Bermuda Triangle gives the ocean back a little of its old power. It says, "Even now, with all your instruments and screens, there are still places where an answer may not come easily." That idea can be frightening, but also strangely attractive. It may be especially attractive because we do not want the world to be completely explained. We say we do, particularly when something scares us. But a fully explained world can feel smaller. Mysteries keep distance in the landscape. They allow the imagination to breathe, though sometimes it breathes directly into a paper bag. The Bermuda Triangle lets people feel that the map still has a warning written in invisible ink. It offers wonder, dread, and argument in equal measure. For a story, that is a very healthy diet. There is another reason explanations fail to end the legend. Many explanations are case-specific, while the legend is general. An investigator can explain one disappearance or suggest the likely cause of another. But the public may still ask about the triangle as a whole. The legend gathers cases under one name while science often takes them apart. This creates a mismatch. Science says, "Let us examine each event separately." Legend says, "Look how many events there are." Science says this one involved weather. Legend says what about the others? Science says that one had navigation issues. Legend says still strange. The conversation can continue forever because the two sides are not always answering the same question. The better question may not be, is the Bermuda Triangle real? That question is too blunt. The region is real. The name is real. The disappearances were real, at least in many famous cases. The supernatural reputation is not supported by strong evidence. The statistical danger is disputed and often rejected by experts. The cultural power is undeniable. So the better question is, what kind of thing is the Bermuda Triangle? It is not an official danger zone. It is not a proven scientific anomaly. It is a folklore machine built from real geography, real loss, incomplete evidence, dramatic retellings, and human discomfort with uncertainty. Calling it folklore does not mean calling it foolish. Folklore is one way people process risk. Sailors, pilots, miners, climbers, soldiers, and travelers have always told stories about danger. These stories warn, entertain, exaggerate, remember, and sometimes distort. The Bermuda Triangle is modern folklore shaped by 20th century aviation, shipping, media, and science. It uses radios instead of lanterns, aircraft instead of wooden ships, and magnetic anomalies instead of sea gods. But the function is old. It gives fear a place to live. That place remains useful because the ocean still deserves respect. Even if the triangle is not uniquely deadly, the conditions people associate with it are serious. Weather can turn, instruments can confuse, boats can fail, aircraft can run low on fuel, currents can move evidence, deep water can hide wreckage. People can make mistakes. Most of the time, training and technology keep these risks under control, but not always. The Bermuda Triangle's legend may exaggerate the region, but it does not invent the vulnerability of travelers over open water. In that sense, the mystery survives because it points to a truth larger than itself. We are safer than we used to be, but not invulnerable. We know more than we used to know, but not everything. We have better tools than earlier generations, but tools are not guarantees. The old disappearances remind us of a world with fewer signals, poorer forecasts, weaker navigation systems, and larger unknowns. The modern listener hears those stories from a different age, but the emotional core still makes sense. To be lost is still frightening. To wait for someone who does not arrive is still unbearable. To look out over water and know it may hold answers no one can reach is still enough to quiet a room. So the Bermuda Triangle refuses to sink because it is supported from below by many things at once. Incomplete records, real tragedies, flexible geography, strong imagery, media repetition, human pattern making, fear of disappearance, distrust of official certainty, genuine ocean hazards, childhood memory, the pleasure of mystery, the discomfort of not knowing. Remove one and the story remains. Remove another and it still floats. It is less like a ship and more like a raft made of many small pieces. Each one keeping part of the legend above water. And perhaps that is why it continues to terrify even people who know the skeptical arguments. Not terror in the sense that scientists are hiding under desks whenever someone says Bermuda. More a quieter form of unease. The kind that comes from knowing the natural world is powerful enough without needing help from fantasy. The kind that comes from realizing that some questions remain open, not because the answer is magical, but because the evidence is gone. The kind that comes from seeing how easily a journey can become a story, and how easily a story can outlive the facts that began it. The Bermuda Triangle is not frightening because science has failed. It is frightening because science, at its most honest, sometimes has to say, "This is the most likely explanation." But we may never know every detail. That sentence is mature, careful, and deeply unsatisfying to the part of us that wants the final page. Legends flourish where final pages are missing. And the triangle has had many missing pages. By now, we have moved through the map, the weather, the compass, the waves, the currents, the gas, the machines, the human choices, and the stories laid over all of them. What remains is not a single monster hiding in the Atlantic, but a clearer understanding of why the name still has power. It is a reminder of how easily fear can gather around real events, how quickly a map can become a myth, and how the sea can turn ordinary journeys into questions that last longer than anyone expected. The final part of this voyage is not about proving the triangle harmless or declaring it solved with a neat little bow. It is about standing back from the whole strange history and asking what the Bermuda Triangle really teaches us about science, fear, and the deep human need to make sense of silence. And so, after all the maps, the missing flights, the quiet ships, the compass needles, the storms, the waves, the currents, and the scientific suspects lined up one after another like nervous guests at a very damp dinner party, we return to the simple question that brought us here in the first place. Why does the Bermuda Triangle still frighten us? Not just interest us, not just entertain us, frighten us. Because there is a difference. Interest sits forward in its chair. Fear stays awake after the lights are off. The easy answer would be to say that people are frightened because they do not understand the facts. But that is not quite fair. Many people do understand the facts, at least in broad outline. They know the triangle is not officially fenced off by science as a supernatural zone. They know that pilots and sailors cross the region safely every day. They know that the ocean is full of roots, schedules, cargo, radar, GPS, radio systems, weather models, and very practical people wearing very practical shoes. They may even know that official agencies do not treat the Bermuda Triangle as a place where nature behaves in a special paranormal way. N O AA says there is no evidence that mysterious disappearances happen there more often than in other large well-traveled ocean regions. And yet the old feeling remains. That feeling does not come only from ignorance. It comes from scale. It comes from silence. It comes from the fact that a human life can be very carefully planned and still pass through conditions too large to control. A ship can have a destination. A plane can have a flight plan. A crew can have training. A passenger can have luggage waiting in the overhead compartment. But the sea is still the sea. The sky is still the sky. Weather still changes. Engines still depend on parts. Instruments still depend on power, calibration, and interpretation. People still become tired, confused, hurried, or unlucky. A route can be familiar and still become dangerous when enough ordinary problems arrive at once. The Bermuda Triangle frightens us because it takes modern confidence and places it over deep water. That may be the most honest explanation of all. It is not that the triangle proves the supernatural. It is that it reminds us how thin our sense of control can be. We live in a world where almost everything seems trackable. We can open a phone and see a blue dot showing where we are. We can watch aircraft move across digital maps. We can check storms from satellites. We can follow ships, read forecasts, send messages, and look at images of almost any coast on Earth. It is easy to feel as if the map has been completed. It is easy to believe that nothing truly vanishes anymore. But then we remember that things still do. Not often compared with a number of safe journeys. Not usually in the strange way the legend suggests. But still, sometimes a vessel is overdue. Sometimes a signal stops. Sometimes a search area grows too large. Sometimes wreckage is not found. Sometimes the final minutes are reconstructed from fragments, probabilities, weather, fuel, and the last words anyone heard. Even in a technological age, the world still contains gaps. The Bermuda Triangle has become one of the names we give to those gaps. That name carries weight because it is simple. Bermuda Triangle. Three words, clean, easy to remember, easy to draw. It sounds like a place with edges, even though its edges have never been official or fixed. It sounds almost like a warning on a chart, though it began as a story built in public imagination. The phrase became widely known after Vincent Gadis used it in 1964. And once a name like that enters culture, it becomes more than geography. It becomes a container. Into it go old losses, new theories, half-remembered documentaries, school library books, late night conversations, and the quiet thrill of hearing that something may still be unsolved. But what have we really found in that container? We found the ocean first. Not a flat blue space on a map, but a moving environment with currents, shallow banks, deep channels, reefs, sudden changes, and long distances. We found the Gulf Stream, strong enough to move water and debris far from where people might expect them to remain. N O AA describes the Gulfream surface speed as fastest near the surface with maximum speeds typically around 5.6 mph and an average speed around 4 mph, which is slow for a car, but very serious for an ocean current carrying evidence away from a search area. We found weather, not as a boring footnote, but as one of the main reasons the sea has always required respect. Storms, squalls, water spouts, wind shifts, rain, low visibility, and rough water can turn a normal trip into a dangerous one. Weather does not need to be the largest storm in history to matter. It only needs to be too much for the vessel or aircraft that meets it. A small boat, a tired crew, an old engine, a poor forecast, a wrong decision, and a sudden squall can create a story that later sounds much stranger than it was. We found compasses and the uncomfortable truth that direction is not always as simple as a needle pointing north. Magnetic north and true north are different things. Declination changes by place and time. Navigation requires correction, training, and care. A compass does not have to spin in circles to contribute to danger. It can be steady and still be misunderstood. It can be correct while the navigator's larger assumption is wrong. That is a quieter kind of fear and perhaps a more realistic one. We found rogue waves. Real waves, not folklore, greater than twice the height of surrounding waves, unpredictable and sometimes arriving from directions that do not match the prevailing wind and seas. NOAA describes rogue waves as extreme storm waves that can appear suddenly and unexpectedly. For sailors, that is enough to make the ocean feel less like a surface and more like a place that can still surprise even experienced people. A rogue wave may not explain every Bermuda Triangle loss. It does not explain missing aircraft or every famous case, but it reminds us that the ocean can produce sudden violence without needing a legend to help it. We found methane, too. Methane hydrates are real. Gas can be trapped beneath the seafloor under certain conditions. The idea that a sudden release could affect buoyancy has been discussed for years. But a real phenomenon is not the same as a proven explanation for the famous disappearances. Science asks for evidence at the right time, in the right place, with the right mechanism. The triangle legend often asks only for a dramatic possibility. That is the difference between investigation and storytelling. We found machines, ships that may have had structural weaknesses, aircraft that may have faced fuel, radio, weather, or navigation problems, vessels that carry difficult cargo, engines, instruments, batteries, radios, hulls, wings, tanks, wires, pumps, and bolts. These are not glamorous things, but they are the bones of survival. When they work, no one thinks about them. When they fail, the world can become dangerous very quickly. And we found people. That may be the part most legends handle too quickly. People in the cockpit, people on deck, people at radios, people waiting in ports and homes, people reading instruments, making decisions, trusting training, correcting calls, watching weather, calculating fuel, and trying to get back safely. The Bermuda Triangle story often turns them into evidence, but they were not evidence. They were human beings. Some were trained professionals, some were passengers, some were sailors doing ordinary work. Some were families expecting a normal arrival. To speak about the triangle properly, we have to remember that the mystery is not only about missing machines. It is about missing lives. That is why the story should not be treated only as entertainment. Even though it has often been sold that way. Behind the eerie music and the dramatic maps were real losses. Real people did not come home. Families waited for answers that may never have arrived. Investigators worked with limited evidence. Search crews looked across enormous areas of water and sky. It is easy years later to speak of cases and incidents, but each one was once a present tense emergency. A phone call not received, a dock left empty, a seat at a table not filled. The Bermuda every story about it is true. Many are exaggerated. Some details have been repeated badly. Some incidents have been pulled into the triangle even when the connection is loose. The borders have shifted. The numbers have sometimes been inflated. The facts have not always been treated gently. But the triangle still frightens us because the best skeptical answer is not nothing happened. Something did happen. Many things happened. The better answer is the things that happened do not require one supernatural cause. That is a useful answer, but not always a comforting one because the natural explanations are still serious. Bad weather is serious. Deep water is serious. Navigation error is serious. Mechanical failure is serious. Human uncertainty is serious. A moving current that carries wreckage away is serious. A search area too large to cover properly is serious. These are not little explanations. They are not weak explanations. They are the actual forces that have challenged travelers for as long as people have crossed water. The Bermuda Triangle asks us to look at a familiar modern world and remember that it still sits inside nature. Airports, ports, maps, engines, satellites, and radio towers are remarkable. They reduce danger. They make long journeys normal. They make the world feel smaller. But they do not remove the ocean. They do not remove weather. They do not remove distance. They do not remove the fact that a small mistake can become large when there are no landmarks and no safe place to stop. Maybe that is why the triangle remains more frightening than many purely supernatural stories. A ghost ship can be dismissed. A sea monster can be laughed away. A time portal can be placed politely back into fiction. But weather, fuel, current, depth, confusion, and silence cannot be dismissed so easily. They are real. They have happened before. They will happen again somewhere because the world is not built around human convenience. We plan routes through it, but we do not own the conditions. There's also something about the location that keeps the fear alive. The Bermuda Triangle is not at the end of the earth. It is not an impossible place. It is near Florida, Bermuda, Puerto Rico, the Bahamas, the Caribbean. Busy routes, airports, ports, beaches, and places people visit for pleasure. That closeness matters. A mysterious zone in a remote poly would feel distant. The Bermuda Triangle feels reachable. It sits near holiday waters, cruise routes, fishing grounds, and flight paths. The same region that appears in postcards can appear in disappearance stories. That contrast gives the legend its chill. A beautiful place can still be dangerous. Clear water can still hide depth. Warm air can still build storms. A calm morning can still become an unsafe afternoon. The Bermuda Triangle reminds us not to confuse beauty with safety. The ocean can be both. It can be peaceful and dangerous, ordinary and overwhelming, familiar on the map and difficult in person. That is not a contradiction. That is the sea. This is also why the mystery does not disappear when experts explain it. Experts can explain many pieces, but they cannot make the ocean feel small. They can describe currents, waves, storms, navigation, and statistics. But the emotional fact remains open water is humbling. The explanation may be correct and the fear may still make sense. Fear is not always proof of danger. But sometimes it is recognition. It recognizes scale. It recognizes limits. It recognizes that being human means moving through systems bigger than ourselves. So what should we do with the Bermuda Triangle? Now, we do not need to worship it as a supernatural trap. We do not need to pretend that every missing vessel was pulled into a hidden world beneath the waves. We do not need aliens, Atlantis, or a hole in time to make the story worth telling. But we also do not need to flatten it into nothing. It is not nothing. It is a cultural memory built from real journeys, real losses, real hazards, and real uncertainty. It is one of the ways the modern world remembers that the sea is still not fully tame. Perhaps the most useful way to see the Bermuda Triangle is as a warning about stories themselves. It shows how quickly facts can become legend when they are incomplete. It shows how a name can gather events together and make them feel connected. It shows how missing evidence can become more powerful in public imagination than evidence found. It shows how people can hear a careful explanation and still prefer the version with shadows around the edges. And it shows how science and mystery are not always enemies. Sometimes science is the tool that lets us approach mystery without being swallowed by it. Science does not ruin the Bermuda Triangle. It changes the shape of the fear. Instead of a magic place where ships vanish for no reason, we see a busy region of ocean where real world hazards can overlap. Instead of one impossible force, we see many possible failures. Instead of a curse, we see weather, water, distance, machines, decisions, and the limits of evidence. The story becomes less supernatural, but not less human. And human is where it has always lived. We are the ones who draw the triangle. We are the ones who name the water. We are the ones who remember the missing. We are the ones who look at a map and feel something more than geography. The sea itself does not know it is inside a legend. The waves do not change behavior because someone made a television special. The Gulf Stream does not carry debris away more mysteriously because the word triangle appears in a title. The region simply exists moving as ocean moves while we bring our fear, curiosity, grief and need for meaning to it. That need for meaning is not foolish. It is part of how people survive loss. When something disappears without a clear answer, the mind keeps reaching. It reaches for causes, patterns, clues, memories, warnings, and sometimes impossible explanations. A mystery can be a way of refusing to let the missing become only absence. It keeps asking where they went. It keeps the names moving through time. It keeps the story from closing too quickly. But there is a gentle responsibility in that. We can be curious without being careless. We can speak of the Bermuda Triangle without turning every lost person into a prop for a spooky tale. We can enjoy the mystery while respecting the facts. We can admit uncertainty without filling every gap with fantasy. We can let the ocean be powerful enough as it is. And it is powerful enough. It does not need secret gates. It does not need hidden civilizations. It does not need invisible hands pulling ships below. It has wind, depth, pressure, waves, currents, darkness, corrosion, distance, and time. It has weather that can change a route. It has water deep enough to keep wreckage out of reach. It has current strong enough to move clues. It has enough size to make even large machines seem small. The real ocean is already more than strange enough. By now, if you have stayed with this journey from the first quiet mention of the triangle to this final look across its long reputation, you may feel that the mystery has changed. It may not look like a doorway anymore. It may look more like a mirror, not a magical mirror, just the ordinary kind that shows us something true if we stand still long enough. The Bermuda Triangle reflects our fear of being lost. It reflects our dependence on machines. It reflects the limits of memory and evidence. It reflects the way stories grow when facts are missing. It reflects our uneasy respect for the sea. And maybe that is why it has never fully gone away. Because every generation has its own version of that fear. Earlier sailors feared storms, reefs, and empty horizons. Early aviators feared fuel, weather, and navigation over open water. Modern travelers may trust satellites and systems, but even now, the idea of vanishing between departure and arrival still reaches something old in us. We want the route to finish. We want the signal to continue. We want the map to be enough. We want the people who leave to come home. Most of the time they do. That should be remembered, too. The Bermuda Triangle is crossed safely again and again. Flights land. Ships dock. Families reunite. Cargo arrives. Tourists complain about luggage. Crew members finish shifts. Boats return before sunset. Ordinary life keeps moving through the same waters that legend has darkened. This matters because fear can make exceptions look like the whole truth. They are not. The whole truth includes all the safe passages as well. Still, the old name remains. It waits in books, documentaries, online videos, and childhood memory. It appears whenever something disappears in a drawer and someone jokes that it must have gone to the Bermuda Triangle. It survives because it is useful language for a certain kind of absence. The kind that feels too complete. The kind that makes us search twice. The kind that makes us wonder whether the world has kept something from us. So, as we leave these waters tonight, perhaps the best answer is not that the Bermuda Triangle is solved or unsolved. It is that it is understood differently depending on how closely we look. From far away, it looks like a dark legend drawn over blue water. Closer in, it becomes a collection of separate events, many with practical explanations and some with missing details. Closer still, it becomes a study of weather, navigation, machinery, currents, and human decision making. And closest of all, it becomes a reminder that uncertainty is part of being alive in a world much larger than ourselves. That may not be the dramatic ending some people want. There is no final monster rising from the water. No hidden island appearing in the mist. No secret switch under the Atlantic turning compasses around. There is only the sea, the sky, and the long record of people trying to cross them safely. There is science doing its careful work. There are stories doing their stubborn work. And between them there is the Bermuda Triangle, still famous, still questioned, still less supernatural than rumor suggests, and still more serious than a simple joke. So, let me ask you gently once more. Wherever you are listening from tonight, are you near the ocean or far from it? Can you hear traffic outside? Rain on a window, a fan in the room, the quiet sound of a house settling into night. It is strange to think that while you are here, safe in your own small place, ships are moving through dark water somewhere. Aircraft are crossing long roots. Weather is forming and fading. Currents are carrying warm water northward. The world is continuing, full of motion, full of systems, full of trust. And if this quiet voyage through one of the world's most famous mysteries has brought you a little curiosity, a little calm, or even just a useful respect for the next weather forecast, I'd be very grateful if you liked the video, subscribed, and shared this space with someone else who enjoys strange questions answered gently. The Bermuda Triangle may not be the supernatural trap it was once imagined to be, but it still teaches us something worth keeping. It teaches us that the unknown does not always vanish when we explain it. Sometimes it becomes clearer, more human, and more connected to the real world beneath our feet and beyond our shorelines. For now, the map can rest. The compass can settle. The waves can keep moving without needing us to solve every shadow beneath them. You are here, not lost, not drifting, not waiting for a signal, but simply listening at the edge of sleep while the old story fades back into the water. Sleep well, fellow traveler, wherever you are tonight. And if your dreams take you over the Atlantic, may the skies stay clear, the instrument stay, and may every journey find its way home.

  Top Comments:
  1. @dakotahamm5107: West Jefferson north Carolina. I appreciate your videos.  I listen to a lot of them and sometimes it seems to be the only thing that relaxes me