- Memphis Boat Center | A Film About Family, Legacy & Lake Life: Kind: captions Language: en A lot of people are beach people. Some people go snow skiing. You go to Disneyland, Disney World, whatever. For my family, boating has become like a like it just centers the whole family. You see the kids put their phones away and we go out, we get to be together. When you strip everything away, all of the other distractions and opportunities, and you go boating, it it just has a way of [music] just getting us all closer. It doesn't mean we don't The kids don't get at each other or anything ever, but um >> but there's a bond. >> Y'all want to go surf a little bit? >> You want to go surfing? >> And there's something that happens. I mean, [music] that studies that support looking over water. >> [music] >> There's a reason people go to the beach and they sit there. >> So, we just do it every [music] weekend. [music] My dad was into boats. His dad was into boats. Like they're Boers. And I think after my dad had purchased his fifth boat, thought he should be in the boat business too. So he he bought it in 1979, 1980 somewhere, right around there. Yeah. A lot of times I'd go to work with him much like my yacht son. >> Hey, it's Hart and his daddy out here and we're going to see if we can ski. >> You look back at the photo album that we have and it's comprised largely of being [music] around water. The number of times we've set the sun, you know, coming into the boat, the number of times that we've looked at one another and it's like, where else would you rather be? My wife and I, we look at one another like, where else would you rather be than right here right now? >> I'm off traveling with my gypsy where the road. >> Nobody gets into the boat business because they want to make a lot of money and you get into because you love it. We are providing a vehicle that needs to be taken care of and needs to be kept up, but ultimately like [music] these families are out there making they're making the memories on their own. We just provided a vehicle for it. And it's pretty cool. Pretty cool to be a part of that. And I don't think I realized it when I got in the business. I got it because I love boats. Sunny [music and singing] side. >> I like the fact that we're able to unplug from our phones for a little bit and be [music] all contained and within 23 ft of each other and hang out with each other and help each other when it's time to pull up to a dock. >> I love it because I also love the water so much and like the I just love the family that I'm in and I just love being around boating. We've talked about for years that's one of the reasons we've loved having a boat is it's just [music] 8 10 hours of your whole family in a confined space. No phones, no TVs. >> The whole family is is almost quarantined on the boat in [music] the water. You you can get your phone out, but it's in danger. [laughter] Like it's been my dot. >> The least amount of time the the boys [music] spend on their phone in a in an hour is when we're out here cuz we're all engaging. That's good [music] stuff. It's a good competition though. >> There's always a battle of who can do like who can do the best trick, who can do the newest trick. >> Should we just leave him [music] in the water? >> You're all kind of close all day, so you're kind of forced to have fun and talk and be social and have a good time. being on the water with friends and family and and seeing [music] at least now in my stage I was experiencing it as a kid but now seeing my kids other people's kids light up you know when they experience [music] something new and are able to successfully do it the face of someone learning something [music] new that uh I mean that that's that's why I do it that's what [music] makes it all worth Until I've seen the fruit of the work that we do in my own family, I was just dealing boats free storage. >> Operating Memphis Boat Center >> has been a humbling endeavor forever. >> Rob is about to try and barefoot for the first time. uh tutorial on launching a boat. >> My dad and I both we've served some of the same families that have boated for the entirety of both of our careers and then there's a lot of people that come in and out >> for what you get for your investment and that especially when you break it into the time and the the fun that we get to have as a family. I mean certainly want to look around and and see what's out there, but I always trust Boat Center is going to take care of us. One thing I love about Hart is, you know, he's a family guy, too. And so, he understands like these weekends are very few and far between. >> We came back to Malibu and the Memphis Boat Center because of the way they've treated us in the past. I mean, it's hard to go somewhere else when somebody's always taking care of you when you walk in there. They know you by name when you walk in [music] there. Uh, it's just it feels like home. So, we didn't want to go anywhere else. There's a thing that [music] happens on the water that doesn't happen on the ski hill. It doesn't happen at the beach. There's a thing that happens in boating [music] and you you know it when you've experienced it.

- Boat Life vs House Ownership — The Brutal Reality You Must See: Kind: captions Language: en Scrolling through dreamlike images of boat life, it is easy to believe swapping a house for a sailboat means instant freedom and lower bills. But what if the brutal reality is far less romantic? Most liabs juggle 150 ft of space, $700 a month in mortgage, and relentless upkeep, while homeowners get three times the space but pay a heavier mortgage. So, which is truly the better deal? And what hidden costs can sink your plans before you even cast off? A liboard boat rarely offers more than 150 to 400 square ft of interior space, sometimes less than a studio apartment. For many, that means a main cabin barely wide enough for two people to pass each other sideways, bunks pressed against whole walls, and a narrow galley where every meal feels like a puzzle. By comparison, the average American house stretches to about 2,000 square ft with separate bedrooms, full-sized appliances, closets, and storage for hobbies or seasonal gear. On a boat, every item has to earn its keep, and clutter piles up quickly. There is no attic or garage to hide extra tools, no basement for boxes of keepsakes. Even groceries become an exercise in logistics. Hauling bags down a swaying dock, then finding creative ways to fit a week's worth of food into a fridge the size of a hotel mini bar. Simple comforts like standing upright everywhere, stretching out on a sofa, or closing a door for privacy become rare luxuries. Dampness is a constant companion, especially in colder climates where condensation forms on every surface, and keeping bedding dry can turn into a daily battle. For families or couples, privacy often means ducking behind a thin curtain or stepping outside, weather permitting. The reality of boat life is learning to adapt to tight quarters, to embrace minimalism, not as a trend, but as a necessity. This physical constraint shapes every aspect of daily living. And over time, the lack of space can amplify the stress of routine chores and ongoing maintenance. A used liveboard sailboat often changes hands for $50,000 to $100,000, a fraction of what it takes to buy a house in most US cities. The average single family home now runs between $300,000 and $500,000 with down payments and closing costs stacking up before the first night's sleep. For many, the low sticker price of a boat is what draws them in, promising waterfront living at a cost that seems almost too good to be true. But the financial reality starts to shift the moment the keys are handed over. Monthly outflows on a boat and a house look different on paper, but both demand steady cash. A marina slip for a 35- ft sailboat can run anywhere from $700 to $1,200 a month, depending on location and amenities. That covers the right to tie up, basic utilities, and sometimes little more. Insurance for a boat adds another $100 to $300 a month. And even the most frugal liabs face fees for pumpouts, shore power, and occasional hallouts. Compare that to a typical mortgage payment of $1,500 to $2,500 a month, plus property taxes, insurance, and utilities. And the gap narrows fast. A financial planner puts it plainly. A boat's entry price is lower, but the cash burn does not stop. You are not building equity, just paying for the privilege to stay afloat. The numbers suggest that while a boat may cost less upfront, the monthly commitment is relentless. For anyone expecting a bargain, the math can be sobering. The true cost of entry is only the beginning. Staying afloat is another story entirely. A marine surveyor puts it bluntly. A boat demands attention every single week or you will pay for it later. Maintenance is not a side note. It is the center of boat ownership. Industry guides and seasoned liverboards point to the 10 to 20% rule. Expect to spend at least 10% of your boat's value each year just to keep it seaorthy. For a $75,000 sailboat, that means setting aside $7,500 or more annually, not for upgrades, but to keep systems from failing. Routine upkeep alone, bottom cleaning, zinc replacement, oil changes, rigging checks, soaks up between 60 to 120 hours of labor every year. That is more than a full week of labor, often on hands and knees in cramped, damp spaces. Salt water accelerates the clock on everything. Corrosion eats through metal fittings, sun bakes the deck, [music] and constant motion loosens hardware that would last decades in a house. Annual haul outs, bottom paint, and diver cleanings are non-negotiable. Skip a season and barnacles or blisters can turn a manageable job into a repair that can cost 5 figures. Engine maintenance is not optional. Neglect a cooling hose or impeller, and a minor leak can become a catastrophic failure overnight. Every system, including plumbing, electrical, and heating, demands regular checks because a small oversight can sink the entire vessel. Unlike a house, where deferred work might mean a leaky faucet or faded paint, on a boat, neglect can destroy value and safety in a single season. The surveyor's warning is clear. The real cost of boat life is not just money. It is the relentless yearround work required to keep your home afloat. A winter storm can turn a floating home into a prison. When winter arrives, many live aboard boats must be hauled out for storage or intensive winterization. That means draining water systems, packing away electronics, and sometimes moving ashore for months at a time. In northern climates, heating a fiberglass hull is a losing battle against condensation and cold. Even in milder regions, a sudden cold snap or heavy rain can force days spent huddled under blankets with every hatch sealed and a dehumidifier running non-stop. Mobility, once celebrated as a benefit, often becomes a challenge. Boarding a boat means crossing docks slick with ice or rain, then climbing down a steep companion way ladder, sometimes while juggling groceries or laundry. For older adults or anyone with mobility issues, [music] these daily maneuvers carry real risk. A single slip on a damp step can [music] mean weeks of recovery, far from the nearest emergency room. Unlike a house, there is no easy way to adapt a sailboat [music] for aging in place. Social life also takes a hit. Marinas fill with a shifting cast of neighbors, many staying only for a season or two. Friendships can be fleeting and the sense of community is fragile. Families with children face added hurdles. Few marinas welcome kids and space for play is limited to the length of the dock. Over time, the combination of weather dependency, physical strain, and social drift wears down even the most enthusiastic liverboards. For many, these pressures unseen in glossy photos become the real cost of life afloat. Boats and houses take opposite paths when it comes to value. A typical liverboard sailboat can lose 15 to 30% of its value within the first 5 years. Even with careful upkeep, most boats drop steadily and often are worth half their original price after a decade. By contrast, the average American home has seen values rise by about 3 to 5% per year over the last decade, building equity for its owners. When it is time to move on, selling a house usually takes two to three months in a healthy market. Boats are a different story. Listings for used live aboard sailboats can linger for 12 to 18 months with sellers forced to cut prices by 20% or more if surveys [music] turn up issues. One financial planner summarizes the difference this way. A house is an investment. A boat is a lifestyle expense. Liquidity [music] is not guaranteed. Mark and Elena spent 7 years living aboard a 38- ft sailboat, [music] investing $120,000 between purchase, upgrades, and repairs. When they sold the boat, it lingered on the market for 9 months before fetching $65,000, nearly half their total outlay. James, a solo sailor in the UK, saw a similar pattern. He spent 5 years and £36,000 but only recovered £21,000 when the boat sold after one year on the market. Both describe boat life as rewarding but physically and financially demanding. This is especially true as health or work needs change. Before choosing life on the water, ask yourself these questions. Can you handle ongoing repairs and tight quarters? Are you prepared for depreciation and slow resale? Will the lifestyle fit your long-term health and financial needs? Honest self- assessment matters more than any dream. Right now, over 50% of firsttime liverboards return to land within 5 years, citing hidden costs and health realities. Neither lifestyle guarantees freedom or security, only trade-offs. In a world chasing escape, the real challenge is not choosing a vessel. It is building a life you can truly sustain. Share your thoughts below.

- The Legacy of C.Blunt Boat Builders: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] I never played sport I was down here as a kid I grew up here and fished and Rod around in the water played baseball for one year that was good now the weather there's a strong wind warning for the West and East coasts or the state of fine day with Cloud increasing from the West isolated showers over the Southwest tonight a cool day with light to moderate North to northwesterly winds for The Bays north to North Westy winds are 15 to 20 knots and seas to 1 1/2 M and for Melbourne mainly fine this afternoon a possible shower and 15 tomorrow mainly sunny and 16 on Saturday and cloudy and 17 on Sunday it's 11° now underneath pull the slacking that makes it even tighter I always wanted to work down the yard when I come down and saw my old man and said to him I want to work here and he said well you can't I said yes I can I get the paint you know do anything he said I'll tell you what I'll send you to trade school if you go back to trade school and become a boat builder you can work here you so I said fine we do that got to find the good Timber which is even rarer again now you can get it and if you're going to steam it and bend it and twist it it's got to be um straight grain no knots no shakes in what we call Shakes as old Jack pompy used to say they built a car last only 10 years but we can't change the construction of boats we have to do it in the time tested way because once you're out at Sea if it's uh gets nasty you want everything to hold together properly and there's only a certain way to do it because there's no compromise with the sea mostly it's the old way we do it hasn't changed that's the system my father taught me his father taught him and his father taught him everyone's got lots of pictures of their boats some people have got it on their phones the wife say well you got a picture of the kids yeah can really capture you the shape of a boat and then you see the work that goes into that shape and some of them are difficult and you think go you want to build try and build that thing you wonder how they do it every now and then one will pop up that's New Zealand Carri the chewing Pine and the shape's beautiful and they've put the effort in to get it right and it's still retaining its shape you see them everywhere and it catches it catches your imagination and that's sometimes we drive a person to restore the whole boat when they see the shape fall in love with it so we're trying to put back into restoration what comes out of it or if not better and that's where we look all the time for recycled Timber and it's a challenge if you like something that lasts a long time it kind of grows with you I guess it's like a painting that you can't get rid of you want to keep that painting till the day you die it's a Sentimental attachment isn't it something that you really like and you just can't part with it sit down there beautiful finding that old classic wooden boat in a terrible state but just looking at the shaping going that's a beautiful boat we've got some te here that was Salvage from the cabus cbus was dismantled in 1926 by Patty wheen the original Wheeling from Wheeling the wers and um some of it was put in a shedding Williamstown and about 6 years ago it was given to me so every uh project I do for people every boat no matter how small gets a piece of that te yeah

  Top Comments:
  1. @servantofgod5642 [1 likes]: Wonderful memories.

- Why Nobody Uses Boats Between the Hawaiian Islands: Kind: captions Language: en You're chilling in Hawaii on the island of Aahu. A friend calls you up. Hey, I'm here, too. Meet me in Maui. Great, but how do you get there? Your first thought is probably to take a ferry, but that's impossible. Hawaii is a pretty unique place. It's the most expensive state to live in. It has its own official language besides English, and it's the only American state made up entirely of islands. Hawaii has a total of 137 islands. Eight are the main ones, but only six are open to tourists, and the distance between those islands is probably bigger than you'd expect. For example, traveling from Oahu to the Big Island is around 185 mi, which is about the same distance as Chicago to Indianapolis. You might be surprised that you can't make that trip by boat. In fact, the only ferry system that actually takes passengers in Hawaii runs between Maui and Lai. That's it. So, your only option is to travel between islands is by plane. Honestly, it's a little surprising, especially considering how many people visit Hawaii every year. Tourism pretty much drives their economy. And in the first 8 months of 2024 alone, over 6 million people visited its beautiful beaches. Knowing that, we would expect Hawaii to set up a good ferry system to make it easier for visitors to get around. Just like in Greece, this would probably boost tourism even more, bringing more money to the state. But believe me, authorities and private companies also know that. In fact, they've already tried it. Fairies were a big way of getting around in Hawaii from the 19th century up until the 1950s. Since then, there have been a few attempts to bring back a ferry service, but unfortunately, they have all failed. One of the biggest attempts was the Hawaii Super Ferry, which aimed to provide a fast, affordable boat service between islands. It could carry almost 900 passengers and even allow them to bring their own cars along. The trial run started in 2007 and people were excited, but it turned into a big fiasco. A bunch of legal and environmental issues came up like concerns about the impact on marine life, especially whales. The courts decided the ferry didn't go through the proper environmental reviews, and that caused a lot of trouble. By 2009, after tons of protests and setbacks, they had to shut it down. If a project like this comes up again, it will probably fail one more time. And there are a few reasons why it's almost impossible to set up a regular ferry system there. Let's start by talking about Hawaii's rough waters. They are deep and wild. Take the Alenoi Channel for example. It's a 30-m stretch that separates Maui from the Big Island. Its name means great billow smashing channel and it lives up to that. It's over 6,000 ft deep, making it one of the most dangerous stretches of water on Earth. The wind there is also super strong, the fastest in Hawaii's coastal waters. But it's not any easier in the rest of the archipelago. The whole region gets hit by storms from the Pacific up north, sending big waves crashing into the islands and making the waters rough and unpredictable. Swells can come from three, four, or even more directions, making the sea feel really choppy. Someone who's not used to taking ferry boats would definitely find that, well, uncomfortable, to say the least. To deal with rough seas like this, the fairies have to be really big and strong. But that also makes them more expensive and harder to run than the ones in places like Alaska or Washington State. Another reason it's so tough to set up this system today has to do with marine life. A big ship moving through the shallower waters when docking could really damage the local ecosystem. And there's also the problem that the seaw routes are also the migration paths of many sea animals like humpback whales and spinner dolphins. Not to mention fairy services can make it easier to spread harmful plants and animals. what experts call invasive species. See, Hawaii's ecosystem is super unique because it's been isolated out in the middle of the Pacific. When we talk about plants and animals that are native to Hawaii, we mean they got there on their own. No humans involved. They arrived with the help of waves, wind, or even birds flying over. But events like these are super rare. So for over 70 million years, their plants and animals didn't have to deal with outside competition. That's made them really fragile. So when new species get brought in by us, it can be a big problem and they could end up harming the environment. Hawaii's already been battling invasive species like fire ants, ki frogs, and mikonia, a fast growing plant from South America that takes over native forests. People there worry that fairies, which carry cars and cargo between islands, could accidentally spread these invaders even more. Like we mentioned at the beginning of the video, the long distances between their lands don't really help either. For example, if you were to travel from Oahu to the big island of Hawaii by boat, it would take around 30 hours, and that's without any stops. The same trip by plane takes about 50 minutes. Fairies that cover long distances are much more expensive, so they need a much bigger demand to make them profitable. On top of that, the state doesn't really have the infrastructure like enough ports and terminals to support the operations. So setting up new routes is pretty much out of the question. Airplanes, on the other hand, are a different story. The air travel industry in Hawaii is already well established and super competitive. That means flying is still the most practical option in Hawaii. Planes are quick. They don't make you seasick and are pretty affordable. Usually costing around $100 for a round trip. Okay, but what do the locals think about all this? Well, apparently there isn't a huge demand for residents to commute between the islands all that often. Aahu is the busiest island in Hawaii with about 70% of the state's population living there. It is where Honolulu, the capital, is located and where most of the state's business happens. So, people from the either islands usually come over for a specific doctor's appointment or to catch a big concert. And that might happen once or twice a year, no more than that. So, even if people could choose between taking a ferry and a plane for these special occasions, most of them would probably still prefer flying. There are plenty of options between the main island airports. Planes usually start flying around 5:00 in the morning, and there are flights available every hour until the last one, which is usually at 9:00 in the evening. If you've been dreaming of going to this paradasical place, but are worried about spending too much on plane tickets, I have some tips for you. First off, keep in mind that visiting all the main islands in 5 days or less is way too ambitious. So, if you don't have much time to spend there, think about your priorities. Each of the six islands open to tourists has its own vibe and activities. But you don't need to visit them all in one trip, and you can save some money by sticking to fewer islands. You can still explore the diversity of the islands by picking two that offer a nice contrast to each other. For example, while Aahu has that bustling city energy, Kauaii has a much more relaxed vibe. Also, flights in the morning are usually cheaper, and it might be better to fly on a weekday rather than the weekend, although the price difference isn't usually huge. Hopefully, these tips will save you some cash while still having an unforgettable island hopping adventure in Hawaii. Don't forget to share this video with a friend who's also dreaming of exploring these amazing islands. That's it for today. So hey, if you pacified your curiosity, then give the video a like and share it with your friends.

  Top Comments:
  1. @babyUFO. [5 likes]: 0:15 Wrong. We had ferries, but the county councils were paid off by aloha air and young brothers to vote them out.
  2. @ChuckyCheez-t8v [1 likes]: Only someone from a tiny state would think the distance between Chicago and Indianapolis is far
  3. @1vjbknife [1 likes]: I lived on the Big Island for 6 years.  What would you rather do take 3-4 hours for a ferry or for the same money fly Hawaiian Air or Mokulele Air and take an hour for $60?  Nobody wants to take a boat.
  4. @wesmahan4757 [1 likes]: The scene at 1:21 is actually The Azores in the Atlantic, a place called San Miguel. This an AI mashup image. I've actually been there, overlooking that lake.
  5. @patrickreilly7256 [1 likes]: Cruise liners travel these islands daily. 
Which make this AI video absolute BS.
  6. @JesseMartinez-t3p: Can you take jet skis across islands ❤
  7. @lumendrops: I lived on Oahu from 1969-1989 and twice took boat trips to both Molokai and Maui.  Back then they had a Hydrofoil boat the skims the top of the water to Maui; I also was on a private boat trip from Oahu to Molokai.
  8. @NwEV2272: Our loving billionaires said NO that’s about it
  9. @phillydisco11: You can see the whales from the shore, so they are close, as are the sea turtles. So I can see the desire to reduce the environmental impact is with merit.
  10. @bradkalman2353: We have the technology to probably make bridges that can connect all the Islands if we wanted to just about finding the money for it.But it could be done I bet you.
  11. @brycecampbell4845: Environmentalists = Dumbest humans on earth.
  12. @brycecampbell4845: So the Superferry was a great idea and politics got involved and stopped progress due to reasons of "environmental impact" 😂 I wish everyone would wake up to the truth.  What a crock of 💩
  13. @Neotidus: Would the ferry be going 5mph to go from the big Island to Oahu? 😂
  14. @texrifleman: So there is a tiny group of people enforcing their will upon the majority.  Cause it sounded like the Super Ferry would have worked.
  15. @marcvs420: I love the shot of Sete Cidades on Sao Miguel Azores in Portugal as a picture of Hawaii. That is some solid research .
  16. @JohnLRice: They don't use boats anymore because of what happened in the 60's with that famous three hour tour.
  17. @mango-rc: F@!# the ferry! hahahaha KAUAI!
  18. @dalebradley8125: Haven't Americans ever heard of public transport.
  19. @stuartmunroe4149: Nothing is pretty unique or super unique.
  20. @babyUFO.: 3:00 The ferries didn't even use the channels, they went around.

- Boat vs House Ownership — The Costs No One Calculates: Kind: captions Language: en A $400,000 house and a $400,000 boat are not comparable assets. One stabilizes over time. The other accelerates cost. Ownership is not price. It's life cycle cost behavior. And once you map the real numbers, the maintenance reserves, the depreciation curves, and the exit friction, the gap between these two decisions is far wider than most people ever calculate. For a clear financial comparison, every recurring cost must be mapped as a percentage of asset value, not just as raw dollars. Residential ownership begins with property tax, which falls between 1 and 3% of assessed value each year. Most USA homeowners pay around 2%, but high tax states can push this higher. Homeowners insurance averages $2,267 annually for a median home, though premiums can range from $1,500 to $4,500 depending on location and risk exposure. Maintenance and repairs are typically budgeted at 1 to2% of market value per year with rare spikes to 3% for major work like roof replacement. These costs combined to create a predictable annual outlay with most households allocating a fixed percentage of home value to cover taxes, insurance, and ongoing upkeep. Boat ownership, by contrast, operates on a different scale. Marine insurance is priced at 0.5 to 1.2% of hull value annually, rising with coastal exposure or vessel age. But the real cost driver is maintenance. Industry standards recommend reserving 5 to 7% of the boat's value per year for routine and preventive work. This figure includes hull, rigging, engine, and systems upkeep, and it reflects the continuous nature of marine wear. Unlike a house where maintenance is periodic, a boat systems require ongoing intervention. Dockage and marina fees are not a percentage of value, but they function as a fixed monthly burn rate that can rival or exceed a mortgage payment. When planning, the difference is stark. A house absorbs 1 to 2% of its value in maintenance, while a boat consumes up to seven times that rate year after year. This is the cost system divide. Home ownership and boat ownership move in opposite directions when it comes to long-term value. United States residential property has delivered a consistent upward slope with single family homes appreciating at an average of 3 to 5% per year over the past three decades. In practical terms, this means a house purchased for $400,000 is expected to gain 12,000 to $20,000 in value each year, compounding over time. Over 10 years, that same house could be worth 30 to 50% more even after accounting for market cycles and inflation. This is the foundation of equity build. The asset not only holds its value, but typically grows it, providing a hedge against both inflation and future housing cost increases. A new cruising sailboat or catamaran follows a sharply different curve. The moment it leaves the yard, the average vessel loses between 20 and 25% of its value in the first year. A $400,000 boat is commonly worth only $300,000 to $320,000 after its first year. By year 5, cumulative depreciation reaches 35 to 45%, cutting a $400,000 purchase down to $220,000 to $260,000. Even with meticulous maintenance, after the initial drop, depreciation continues at a rate of 3 to 5% per year. Unlike a house, there is no historical pattern of boats regaining value or tracking inflation. The result is a steady erosion of capital with no realistic prospect of reversal. A house stores value. A boat consumes it. This divergence is not a matter of taste or timing. It is a structural reality that drives every downstream cost and risk decision in the ownership cycle. Every major system on a boat operates on a compressed replacement schedule with costs that arrive in large unpredictable waves. An inboard diesel engine, the heart of most cruising sailboats, typically requires a full replacement or rebuild after 8 to 12 years. The outlay runs between $15,000 and $30,000 depending on size and installation complexity. Standing rigging, the cables and fittings that hold the mast in place, must be replaced every 10 to 15 years at a cost of $8,000 to $15,000. A hole refit, which includes repairs to gel coat, structural reinforcement, and sometimes full repainting, is inevitable after 12 to 20 years. This event can cost 20,000 to $40,000 for a midsize vessel. These cycles are not theoretical. Insurance companies often require proof of recent rigging or engine work before binding a policy on older boats. By contrast, major home systems fail less often and are spaced further apart. A typical asphalt shingle roof lasts 20 to 25 years before replacement with costs ranging from 10,000 to $20,000 for a mid-range single family home. Central HVAC systems run 12 to 15 years with replacements falling between $7,000 and $12,000. These events are significant, but they are rare and can often be anticipated years in advance. The difference is not just in the price tags, but in the frequency and predictability. Boat systems fail continuously, not episodically. The owner must reserve a far higher percentage of asset value each year to cover these shocks. Where a homeowner can smooth expenses over decades, a boat owner faces a near constant threat of large unplanned capital outflows. This is the underlying reason marine industry standards call for a 5 to 7% reserve compared to 1 to 2% for homes. The cash flow reality is simple. A house store's value. A boat consumes it. Monthly cash flow defines the true depth of the commitment. At the $200,000 tier, a typical US homeowner faces a median monthly outlay of $1,650 per month. This figure bundles mortgage, property tax, insurance, homeowners association, and maintenance spread over a predictable annual cycle. step up to $400,000 and the median monthly cost is $3,300 per month. At $800,000, the number reaches $6,600 per month. These bands reflect national averages, but the structure remains stable and most costs are either fixed or escalate in a controlled linear way. Boat ownership, even at the same purchase price, operates on a different axis. For a $200,000 vessel, the median monthly burn rate is $2,300 per month, already several hundred above a comparable house. At $400,000, the boat's monthly cost rises to $4,200 the boat requires $8,500 per month. These numbers include dockage, insurance, fuel, provisioning, winterization, and a maintenance reserve that absorbs the relentless pace of marine wear. Unlike a mortgage, dockage is not a path to ownership. It is a permanent non-reoverable expense. Dockage variance further exposes the volatility in boat cash flow. In the Northeast, median slip fees reach 1 800 per month, while the Southeast averages $1,200 per month. West Coast marinas command $2,200 per month for the same birth. These differences are not marginal. They can swing the total monthly cash requirement by 30 to 50% depending on region. For a boat owner, the combination of high baseline costs and regional dockage volatility creates a persistent cash hole. At every tier, the boat's recurring burn rate exceeds that of a house. The cash flow system is not only larger, but structurally less predictable. This is not a matter of preference or discipline. It is the direct result of how each asset consumes capital over time. Selling a house in the United States is a liquid transaction by global standards. Median days on market for single family homes sits at 35 days nationwide. Broker commissions range from 5 to 6% of the sale price and the buyer pool is deep over 130 million United States households. Mortgage financing is widely available with 80 to 90% of buyers qualifying for loans. The process is standardized with predictable timelines and low risk of failed closings. Boat owners face a different reality. The median days on market for a used cruising sailboat or catamaran ranges from 90 to 180 days, 3 to five times longer than a house. Broker commissions are higher, typically 8 to 12%, eroding more capital at exit. The buyer pool is far smaller. About 12 million active boat owners nationwide and only 40 to 55% of buyers can secure marine financing. This combination of long listing periods, high transaction costs, and limited access to credit creates a liquidity drag that amplifies the total cost of ownership. When exit friction is factored in, the boat's cost system becomes even less forgiving. As vessels age, upkeep costs do not plateau. They accelerate. Industry data shows that annual maintenance on older boats rises by 25 to 80% compared to new hulls, driven by the compounding failure of systems and the need for professional labor as owner mobility declines. The liveabboard market remains narrow. Only about 250,000 US households actively seek a boat as a primary residence. that limits resale options and increases exit friction. Physical access becomes a non-trivial barrier. Tasks like engine work, rigging checks, and home maintenance grow more demanding with age, often shifting costs from sweat equity to paid services. Two axioms define the system. First, boat costs escalate as both the vessel and owner age. Second, the longer the hold, the higher the capital erosion. These are not lifestyle risks. They are structural facts of the cost system. Today, the numbers remain clear. A house stores value. A boat consumes it. Boat systems fail continuously, not episodically, demanding$10,000 to $30,000 in annual maintenance and causing rapid capital erosion. Exit liquidity is thin. This decision is cash flow math, not aspiration. Choose your cost system because it will choose you back.

- Designing your own yacht with Giorgio M. Cassetta | Superyacht Times: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] for much of his 20 years as a yacht designer giorgio m cassetta has had a pretty low media profile and that's because instead of promoting himself he's preferred to build up the profile and portfolio of his own studio so we got pretty excited at superyacht times when he invited us to visit him in rome because firstly he's got a whole bunch of new projects due to launch over the next year or so and secondly well who wouldn't welcome a trip to rome in the spring especially after all the lockdowns but then we got to thinking right how can we make this video different from the standard designer interviews and that's when we decided to approach it from the owner's perspective and have a bit of fun along the way so let's do it this is this is not your latest project i imagine georgia well this is this is more than 30 years old actually i was uh seven years old and i made this with my dad of course he made most of it but it was my kickoff in the world of yachts designing a yacht it's not just drawing it's managing complexities we as the exterior designers uh even more so when we also take care of the interior we have to be um the ones having the whole vision as something that is clear to us from the very first steps right georgia i want you to imagine that i'm a potential client an ultra high net worth individual and i'm coming to you because i want you to design my next custom super yacht i've got a pretty good idea of what i want what would you ask me to get the ball rolling so to speak of course your idea of what you want but i would also need to know how you plan to use this boat are you someone who is only using the boat in a certain area of the world or are you a world sailor or something in between where do you spend your summers your winter is this going to be a family boat a very private boat with three or four guests on at a time major question is she going to be on charter or do you want the potential for her to be on charter one day because you're not yet sure whether that's for you or not i can say that um i want something probably in the 60 to 70 meter range explorer-esque but not pure explorer displacement of course steel and aluminium world cruising nothing too extreme use not a huge number of guests um chart up yes not initially but let's keep that option open so i'm thinking there is a project we we did some time ago that we could use as a case study or something that you could look at and and maybe uh get the ball rolling with that the other would be great so i can actually get a good idea of what it looks like cool let's do it great this is pretty much the exterior that you came up with right yep um what stages the length overall uh is this project because i was looking for something but i was saying about 65 meters so you're seeing a 61 meter here and you're seeing a 66 dish here and and these are two stages of the development of this project i like the lines because it's kind of explore risk but it's not pure explorer it's quite aggressive without being overly macho well that's a good start i like i i like that i like the look of this in actual fact it kind of conforms with with my preconceptions uh um almost perfectly in my introduction to this i said that you've got 10 products or so launching over the next five months well we've got four big boats with benetti so we're talking about a 62 meter 267 meters with very different designs and a 68 meter then we've got three boats being built at tankoa one is a 50 meter on which we are doing the interiors coming in 2023 a 34 meter frp production boat with ocean alexander two boats with alpha custom one is a 35-ish meters and the other is a 42 tri-deck boat a particularly interesting project you mentioned there an interior project now we don't associate giorgio and mercur with interiors normally so what's going on there oh well it's a relatively new thing with many many owners owning boats from us over the recent years i've had many requests from them to design not just the exterior but also the interiors of their next designs and i also have people in the uh in the team who were very keen to to approach that side of the business i have my mother who works for me who has been an interior designer for years for decades actually and i also hired more people and we've put together a whole interior team and now believe it or not we're working on i guess eight interior projects between 30 and 60 meters laura you're responsible for the interior design okay well we've spoken about the exterior design with george i know i wanted to sort of pin down a little bit the the interior design what would you ask me what's the first question you would ask me as a client i would love to know what kind of style of interior you may prefer okay well i'll tell you straight away what i prefer something which is sophisticated but but not overly sophisticated natural laid back uh i like again quite natural finishes yeah not too much gloss with that we could move on showing you the mood board we prepare it for you so in this case we would go for the this this mood board here where we have much more informal style and dried material with a more beach house style yeah i like that more natural for example as you can see the stone it's not glossy it's completely dried and then we have some leather or for example very soft material like a cashmere for decorative cushions or as well these ivory fabrics for the shears so something really that it gives an atmosphere of calm and an environment where you can feel at home that's what i want so this is the 3d model that normally we reach after a few weeks we work on the on the project we have in this case um found the style we want to go for for this type of project for this uh for this yacht and i can see reflections yeah we we have paid attention on the details of the reflection of the surface it's something that we are really keen on it now that looks nice it looks balanced but maybe it would be even better if it was a little bit longer a little bit sleeker yeah we can we can extend the vessel and for sure the extension will emphasize the look of the boats it's a very sleek and slender uh profile and by simply extending the four decks the bow section and after transform the vessel you can see how this balance in a midship emphasizing the very stretch and long and fine bow section now you can see it's like a sportive car all the the major mass is more aft and it's you know it's emphasized the length of the front of the of the boat we've discussed interiors we've discussed um a little bit the g80 arrangement i guess what we need to do now is start taking care or or go on taking care of the exterior appearance of these yachts so we should configure the colors yeah let's choose the colors that's the best bit so this is pretty much what we saw um with mario sort of a uniform grey hull and superstructure exactly the difference is you see i quite like simulating the light here the idea of perhaps keeping that grey hull and uh having a lighter superstructure maybe white superstructure something like this that's an interesting uh that's an interesting idea actually i i think this is uh i think this is the final version um this is the one i like so can you send me some renders of course i'll show you this image and and then the deposit will be it will be in the bank next week okay perfect i'll send you the ibm you

  Top Comments:
  1. @SoCalFreelance [11 likes]: Would love to see their boat scale model shop (3D printers, laser cutters, CNC milling machines, etc.), unless of course they contract out that kind of work to someone else.  I think it would be cool if they allowed their clients to wear VR goggles to virtually see their ship interiors before committing.
  2. @seantwomey396 [7 likes]: A talented studio! Your short video gave a clear indication as how a designer elicits the desires of a client and creates a proposal. Now your challenge will be controlling your passion to actually build the boat! You opened the door. ;-)
  3. @patrickabas1112 [5 likes]: What a wonderful piece, absolutely marvellous to see this design house and the way they work. More of this house please. Would it be possible to take a project in progress and follow it?
  4. @ralphcrawford8331 [3 likes]: Outstanding video - professional videography, top-notch content, and highly engaging.  Justin has the perfect character and personality
  5. @djwashx [2 likes]: Your videos are great just wish they were at least 30 minutes!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
  6. @SimonAElson [2 likes]: Got me so excited to start the design process on my new motor yacht.

But then I remembered I broke …
  7. @ilkerYT [1 likes]: Such a nice content wouldnt be possible without
  8. @aritranaskar8107: Where is the place exactly
  9. @MuzammilHashmi-e8t: Which software for yatch Designing
  10. @LUMINOTECNIAIIANDREA: What program do you guys use to design?
  11. @ferreira226: can i order a big yacht like blue for the price of a medium yacht?
  12. @ilkerYT: 4:44 New Azimut Trideck ??

- Man Living Off-Grid on a DIY Solar Powered Sailboat - 100% Fossil Fuel Free: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] living on a sailboat is really the ultimate living off grid i'm not even living on land i'm not connected to anything and you know waking up with sea otters in my dinghy or seals that come right up to my boat all the time and you know being able to just zip out of my dinghy for like 30 seconds out to some nice reefs and catch fish for dinner kind of experience you can't get any other way so this is old dog she's my 47 foot sailing solar fossil fuel free cruising catamaran and just my adventure headquarters so i've been living on this boat for over three years now this is a 1976 worm oro 47 it's a polynesian canoe cat style that's been around the pacific three times and when i bought it it had been sitting in the same spot for 12 years and hadn't moved and it was an absolute derelict i paid five thousand dollars canadian for it which was a way more money than it was worth but i bought it sight unseen from the other side of the country hopped on my motorcycle and just tore across the country and started my life out here today i'm gonna see the boat for the first time i'm excited and nervous and welcome to my ship this boat is it looks terrible but if you go in and touch everything and you feel everything it is really solid so yeah this ugly duckling is gonna it's gonna give me some good things before this i spent two years traveling around north america in a van and then i spent just short of a year traveling around a motorcycle and then i've been at this for three and a half years i have replaced her keels i have pulled hundreds of pounds of paint off of it i have replaced every square inch of deck pretty much just everything on this boat has been built when rebuilt and then rebuilt again i am close to being done it's going to look a lot better in just a year's time this boat is made entirely out of marine grade plywood some fur and some yellow cedar and then wrapped all up in epoxy and fiberglass just to give it a tougher skin but it's a very simple boat if i have a problem with my hull at any point i can run a skill saw through it i can go down to the shop pick up another sheet of plywood and fix it which is kind of nice i really wanted to go fossil fuel free when i bought the boat it had a functioning diesel engine in it and a lot of people were like why would you get rid of a functioning diesel engine the decision to go electric did have something to do with the environment the solar panels have gotten that much more potent the lithium batteries have really dropped in price now is the time it's exciting and i just want to be part of that but i also think it's about convenience you know with a boat like this if i do decide to do long crossings eventually i now can be motoring every day and i don't have to be limited by a tank in order to get the surface area necessary to make enough solar power to move a boat consistently you really need a multi-hull so i was looking at trimarans catamarans so i have 16 330 watt canadian made solar panels the boat has 5280 watts of solar which is a lot for a household or for a regular boat you know i'm able to run ovens and induction cook plates and a washing machine and water makers and just anything i want but once i start moving it's not actually that much power it's only about seven or eight horsepower which doesn't exactly move about very quickly so if you want to go any faster than three and a half four knots you're gonna have to start using the batteries i have just short of 20 kilowatt hours worth of battery and i'm using one hp ev ac 12 kilowatt motor so i do want to stress this is a sailboat there will be sales eventually i'm just not there yet but as it stands right now i'm making enough power in the summer time to lift anchor in the morning and travel 50 kilometers across the georgia strait to vancouver and arrive well before sunset and not have touched my batteries at all so that's just off the power coming in on the panels so i really like having this level of solar power and that's the real game changer is is having the low resistance in the water of a catamaran and having the high power of all that solar there are some downsides to solar it is weather dependent for instance if it's raining you're not making much solar power but usually with rain comes wind and i'm putting up some wind turbines in fact i'm putting up the same amount as i have solar on the roof so hopefully those two will balance each other out well and hopefully i don't have any very calm very cloudy days i really designed this boat for me and i'm a big foodie i love to cook so the galley takes up a huge amount of space in the middle of the boat and everything else is a much smaller area my city is just a little cubby hole in the corner my cockpit at the back is not even built yet and i have four berths and all each one of them are little nooks that you tuck into get your own privacy but they're just there for sleeping and relaxing so i'm on gabriela island in the southern gulf i am only on this island because i bought the boat here and this community just sucked me in this is one of the most tropical locations in all of canada which is a bit of an oxymoron i suppose but it is a beautiful place and it's a great learning ground as a new sailor to start getting out and getting around like there's lots of little tiny islands to explore and there's current to learn about and there's seasonal storms to learn about my boat is on a mooring ball not anchor so there's less to worry about there because it is very secure it has a huge concrete block and really heavy chain that holds my boat in place so i'm not really worried about my boat breaking loose but that doesn't mean somebody else's boat might not break loose and i'm downwind on a lot of these storms from most of the other boats in the bay so there's still a lot to watch out for so on anchor you don't pay any rent on a mooring ball while you have to own a mooring ball but you know all things considered it's relatively cheap it's only when you take your boat to the dog that it really starts racking up a bill to heat my boat i've built my own stainless wood stove but i'm hoping to transition more to electric powered heat and building my own heat pump because it's more convenient i can just flick it on and set it to a temperature and i don't have to stock a wood stove all the time and keep wood on board as much in the winter time around here it gets quite dark this is pretty far north and so i don't actually make that much solar power in the wintertime to heat the boat off that will be challenging so really it will rely on the wind turbines to fill in that gap because there's a lot more wind in the winter and i make my own fresh water i have a water maker and with all this power it's easy to make fresh water at first when i got out here i told people i'd be sailing in six months i didn't know anything didn't know what i was doing the greatest thing that this boat has taught me is just all of the skills i've learned along the way you know i'm mentoring under a sail maker i'm learning to tig weld i'm learning to machine i've done so much woodworking and boat building and i'm working at the shipyard doing fiberglass work and engine work all the time and there's so many skills and when you're living on a boat you don't always have access to a shop that you can just walk down and hand your problem to so you got to fix it yourself and i really appreciate all of those skills that i've learned sometimes not always the easy way [Laughter] people always ask me where i want to take the boat first and i don't really know because i don't know what the boats would be capable of everything i'm doing hasn't really been tested out in the wild yet and so if it ends up that the boat can only do these southern gulf islands while there's worse places i could be stuck not a big deal i still have a four bedroom home on the water that's all fossil fuel free which is amazing but i think that these technologies and the things i'm doing are going to let this boat go some great distances i mean on paper this boat is lighter better powered with a higher bridge deck and lower cabin top than a laguna and those things cost half a million bucks so i think i'm doing great so a lot of people get into boating with a great big wad of cash i didn't have that option um so i bought a cheap boat and i've been buying cheap broken secondhand things fixing them myself and that's been the main thing that's kept the price down for me by the time this boat is done it should have spent roughly 45 000 canadian dollars and about just short of five years of my life building this boat but i've learned a lot i've had a place to live the whole time i'm living in paradise i mean all in all not a bad way to go i'm trying to focus on getting my boat done but i also work at the shipyard here and i work at the food bank regularly i also have a youtube channel finding simon i've been documenting this entire build i think i'm 200 episodes in or something like that and i also do some diving work now and some welding work and boat repair work i'm installing solar panels on boats regularly there are a lot of things people expect to be difficult about living on a boat like having to carry or make your own water having to make or carry your own electricity somehow carrying fuel out food out getting on board the boat like if you're on a mooring ball traveling back and forth from the beach is the worst and from a dock is better but like that's just a lot of extra time every time you forget your wallet on the counter and have to double back you know it's a lot of work and if you don't have an outboard and you're rowing like that's even more work there's a lot about living on a boat that's waiting for tide and waiting for current waiting for the right weather window teaches you a lot of patience teaches you a lot of zen calm down and relax and there's a lot of reason to calm down and relax i'm in a very beautiful place but you know i'm i wasn't this person when i started the project and it's taught me a lot subscribe to exploring alternatives and check out our playlists for more stories like this you can also follow simon on youtube at finding simon thanks for watching

  Top Comments:
  1. @ExploringAlternatives [103 likes]: Thanks for watching!  You can follow Finding Simon here: 
https://www.youtube.com/c/findingsimon
https://www.patreon.com/FindingSimon
https://www.instagram.com/Finding_Simon/
https://www.tiktok.com/@findingsimon
  2. @cabbagerollenterprise [11 likes]: This dude ia ready for waterworld 😂
  3. @GokmaSahala70 [1 likes]: Cool❤❤😂😂🎉🎉
  4. @DorothyMartin-l3t [1 likes]: Love it yo
  5. @robfredericks2984: WOW! that guy is amazing! A "Can Do" attitude and capability like none other. If a solar powered live-aboard is feasible in the Vancouver-Seattle area, it will work almost anywhere! I lived there (Whidbey Island NAS, Seattle, Tacoma) and I know the winter weather.
  6. @mehmetaltugnurdogdu4520: living one thing but being in boat 100 percent of the time would make anyone unhealty (my opinion)
  7. @stephenlabarre7890: Cute dog. (well, maybe 'cute' isn't the best description, ...but you know what I mean).
Sure, solar isn't best in some kinds of weather. But, neither is sailing. I'm sure it's fun, unpredictable, and demanding. You make us wannabees jealous.
Keep doing what you're doing; having fun, respecting the environment, finding new friend, and making new memories. Take a lot of pics of youself, your boat, and especially your dog. Life's short.
  8. @Everyonesunclewill: 100 present fossil fuel for that dingy  that's not free
  9. @janmajchrzak1585: ❤👍🤗
  10. @Lunaticgamer43: awesome video. but this boat is only designed to stay next to shore. hard wind and wave, say goodbye to your solar. whoever say GO GREEN, great idea but not for everything.
  11. @njsanders: So... where's the sail?
  12. @MiamiMacAttack: It’s because of people like you that are willing to try new ideas that the world improves. You are the reason that solar power has improves. Not to mention the pride you should have for what you are doing. You are living a dream.
  13. @JW-fq1pp: So the boat started out as probably a relatively nice Wharram catamaran.  Grafting that cabin onto it ruined it for its original purpose, but I guess you have what you wanted.  Catamarans are very stable and comfortable boats.
  14. @garthoberg8853: I have seen another solar power cat and he uses a kite for down wind instead of mast sails
  15. @randyx007: He is optimistic at least but a bit delusional
  16. @peterjol: I am old and my fit and healthy days are over...and oh man .....how  I wish I had been more like him and lived that kind of life.
  17. @solosailorsv8065: I have lived and sailed on my boat for over 30 years. Reality is; you cant insure it, so cant get a marina, so cant ever touch land( haulouts too) so , ok, it works for a few months....
Law Makers have Portfolios of rental properties, so make laws against ANY alternative to their land-trap
  18. @christopherosborn7081: Where does the dog go to the bathroom at?
  19. @DannyLee-442: Lithium ion batteries are just not safe! 
   I keep hearing about Teslas catching fire 🔥 and burning down peoples houses. 
    Lol. Cell phones that spontaneously combust. 
    Good luck with that. You are living on a time bomb. 
    I would be all for it if they had safer batteries. Unfortunately this hasn't happened yet. 
    Doing this on the water is insane in my opinion. A floating fire bomb! 
   There was another couple that lost their lives in the last year or so doing this.
  20. @nicetomeetyoumrfudd: apologies, but there is nothing "fossil fuel free"  about this boat. Maybe in its operation, but definitely not during its construction. Everything must was produced in a factory using fossil fuels from raw materials, including fossil fuels, before you consumed it.

- How To Start a Yacht Charter Business: Kind: captions Language: en how to start a charter y op business I'm going to explain the different roles in the industry and give you some general tips on how to get started and then at the end I'm going to discuss some potential pitfalls that you're going to want to avoid to run a successful Charter [Music] [Applause] Business I've been in the charter industry since 2011 I work as a charter broker but I've also been a charter yacht manager and I know many owners and I frequently get asked for feedback or suggestions on how to improve their programs so these are some of the tips and tricks I've learned the first step when planning to start a charter business is to do some market research and this means spending a week on a charter yacht even if you already own a yacht you should spend a week and get a sense of all of the little touches that a crew does to make your week magic and really look at it from a different perspective now you're a potential boat owner who's going to put your yacht into Charter what is this crew doing that makes that me have this WOW experience these are the type of people I want on my boat or I'm going to pick up some of these tips and tricks I have worked at Yacht Sales stands at boat shows um for potential and talk to potential boat buyers and it is unbelievable to me the number of people that want to buy a yacht but have never chartered a boat if for had to spend hundreds of thousands or even millions of dollars on a yacht you owe it to yourself to experience it at its best and this is one of the top tips don't just book any yacht book an awardwinning yacht I go to crud y boat shows all year round in different locations these are industry only events that are not open to the public they are just Charter Brokers like myself touring yachts and meet and crew so we can make recommendations to our clients at these events the boats are judged they give out prizes for Best in Show best um culinary Awards so best cocktail best entree best dessert they get sometimes the crew will get the best even though the boat they're on isn't the most stunning The Crew has the best personality these boats are ranked on all different things they also are often tiered so that a boat you know that goes for 30 grand a year isn't competing against a boat that is going for 100 grand a year so that might be something like Best in Show you know 50 to 75 ft Best in Show um you know 45 to 55 ft something along those lines so that the boats are really competing against their own competition um I've been a secret judge at these boat shows um I know what it's like when you get greeted um what is the first impression the crew makes um for instance it's a hot sunny day I walk on the boat they hand me a chilled scented towel maybe it's lemongrass scented rolled up can wash my hands I can wash my face and then I can do the boat tour or perhaps I step on the yacht and they offer me their signature cocktail to try while I take a tour around the boat these are all things that stand out to me and really you know help me get to know the crew help me get an impression of what my client's experience is going to be so when we're ranking these boats for boat shows this is what Brokers are looking at we're industry professionals that know you know what clients like and what they don't like so if you're booking a yacht that just won Best in Show you're going to have an awesome trip and this should be what model your charter yacht program after next objective what is your reason and what is your objective for putting the yacht into Charter for most people the answer is they want to offset the cost of owning a yacht by making it available for Charter it's a business and you can write off many of the expenses that you would incur whether or not it's in Charter or it's sitting at the dock now it's a business these are write off expenses so that's a great reason to call your to say your yacht is available for Charter I know that you might talk to some sales guys if you're thinking of buying a boat to put in Charter who will give you the numbers and tell you how profitable it could be but I would say that most owners are just happy to break even on the expenses what is a busy Charter season if a yacht does about 20 weeks a year they would be considered sold out um 15 would also be a really good season for most Yachts there are sometimes owners want to have their boat used very sparingly so they might set their their rates a little higher and aim for something like 10 Charters a year these are some different goals but your objective should be primarily to offset the cost of owning a yacht when you're putting it into Charter next location and market research where are you thinking of putting your yacht into Charter does it have an existing Market or will we be building up the location on its own the top Charter markets in North America are the Virgin Islands and the Bahamas there's your tip right now the Virgin Islands and the Bahamas are the best place to put your yacht in North America there are some other great places maybe um St Martin Antiga the Grenadines um but they don't have as much of a a search volume there aren't as many people on the internet searching for charters in these other locations so anywhere else you base your yacht it might just be a little bit harder to keep the calendar full I would definitely so I definitely would suggest basing the yacht somewhere with an existing Market I've seen many Yachts choose to put many owners choose to put their yacht in a location that doesn't have much of a charter market for example they're going to put the yacht in kwest or in Florida because it's a convenient location for them don't get me wrong you're welcome to do that but just these are some of the things to keep in mind are you going to keep your yacht full if it's stocked in Florida is there enough people searching for Yachts there what I tend to find is that if you're in Florida this is not a destination where people want to spend seven days doing a full Charter it's more like an A Day Charter crowd so you're not getting the weekl long Charters you're getting the day Charters the day Charter people are not the same clientele that can afford to book it for a week so it's just something to consider and you know even if it's great for you to keep the yacht in Florida what if you say for the next 3 months it's based in the Bahamas or something convenient or more people might want to Charter it out for one week but the biggest thing is where're at Le destinations that have enough online search traffic I mean maybe it's beautiful where you want to keep your boat docked but if nobody's looking for it it's really hard to build the market from the bottom up okay who are the players in this business um this industry is great there's lots of people to help you get uh build up your program and they mo for the most part they only get paid when your yacht is booked on Charter so they're paid on commission and if your yacht isn't getting booked they're not getting paid it's a nice way to structure a business it's not like you have to hire all these people to Market your yacht this industry already exists so the players are the yacht of course the yacht manager the charter manager and the broker I often think of it is this the clients and the people on Charter are the end user the charter broker is the retail store getting you get thousands of Brokers advertising the boat for you all over the world when you're plugged into these broker networks how do you get plugged in the charter manager they are like the wholesaler they manage the inventory they manage manag your calendar for you uh the yacht manager is like the distributor so they make sure the yacht is in good condition and it's getting to where it's needed and the yacht is the end product so again the roles are clients Charter broker is a retail store Charter manager is the wholesaler yacht manager is the distributor and the yacht is the end product now of all businesses you can start this is a lowcost business for you to get in because they're all enteris to make this program successful for you if they're not delivering customers they're not getting paid the charter broker is not someone that you need to go find to work with once your yacht is listed online the charter broker is going to find you I'm a charter broker and I would describe my job as a travel agent specifically for Yachts I can book your yacht but I can book a yacht anywhere in the world I'm not tied to any one particular company and my job is to represent the client's interest in the booking process the manager is another side of it a charter manager lists Yachts on a central database and it's visible to Brokers all over the world they manage the booking calendar they hold funds in escoro account per contract terms they're going to proofread the contracts before they ask you to sign them and they're going to answer any questions from Brokers the reputation of the charter manager says a lot about the Yachts that they offer if a manager I work with all the time and do tons of volume with adds a new yacht to their Fleet I wouldn't hesitate to offer it to my clients on the flip side and a potential Pitfall is if you sign up with a yacht manager that doesn't have a good reputation or doesn't manage many other boats um you might have a beautiful new yacht excellent program but Brokers are not going to give your your yacht a chance because they don't like the person that they have to deal with when they make bookings these these names like I could tell you people in the Virgin Islands that I love and people I wouldn't work with and part of your market research would be to Charter a yacht or talk to a broker and get all of this advice throughout the process so you don't start it start this program with a disadvantage so that's a charter manager sometimes you'll find a company that is both a charter manager and a yacht manager but sometimes they're two different companies so let's talk about what a yacht manager is and what they do so a yacht manager will hire the crew they will ensure maintenance is scheduled and completed and they will make sure that the yacht paperwork is all up to date they'll rrange crew work visas and various other country registration requirements they will be your point of contact for all things related to The Yacht their job is to leaz with the owner they'll review bills for maintenance and make sure Charter funds are coming in and they should be keeping the books for you an easy way to think of the charter yacht manager excuse me the yacht manager is that they're the boots on the ground getting getting things done for you it is possible that you can self-manage or that a crew can manage the yacht but you need to ask yourself do you want to be involved in the day-to-day operations or not for the most part again everything will flow smoothly and there won't be a lot to handle from day to day but I have been a broker through hurricanes and through the pandemic which led to many many unhappy people who want to speak to who is in charge to get exceptions to their contract terms I mean these are legitimate concerns who could have seen a pandemic coming out do you want to feel those calls do you want to be the ultimate person they're talking to you at the end at the end of the phone that's negotiating with some of these Brokers or do you want the yacht manager to be able to answer this stuff for you and just give you the highlights this stuff um cannot fall to the captain to do even when it's a self-managed yacht um a captain can't be expected to have tough conversations with a potential client because if the conversation is no we're not giving you a refund you need to go on your Charter as planned you don't want there to be any sort of a you know negative connotation before this client steps on the boat so the captain can't have that conversation if they've been going back and forth and negotiating with a client that's why you would need a yacht manager that can answer some of these questions so if you're just getting started I would encourage you to find a company that offers yacht Management in addition to Charter management so again yacht management manages hiring the crew the maintenance Charter management is the calendar and the money for the charters potential pitfalls or challenges that might come up in scenarios might come up when you're in a yacht charter business so the crew is really one of the biggest aspects of running a good program a good crew will absolutely make or break your business knowing who good crew goes back to doing market research that we talked about at the beginning sometimes you're lucky enough to get an amazing crew that stays with you for 5 years they can manage the boat all the day-to-day operations and everything is smooth as can be other times you're going to get a lot of crew turnover and it might have nothing to do with you I mean maybe they get an offer for a bigger job a bigger boat that they can't resist you know one of the crew members gets pregnant a couple gets divorced they have a family emergency and need to leave the yacht all these things are completely out of your control but they affect your program at the end of the day and then of course you know how are you paying the crew are they below Market rates where you get incentives um to get incentives for good reviews or repeat clients they get an end of the season bonus I would think about what you can do to retain top talent and if they're underpaid they won't last the other thing associated with that you know crew are great we want to keep them but we also want to know is are they doing a good job one of the biggest challenges I see is is managing the relationship between the captain and the owner of course you want the crew to be great and they should be on their best behavior and best service around the owner of course you're you know you're the one employing them so whatever you see is always going to be the best side and is that what clients are always getting very hard to say I have seen instances where Brokers have had issues with or a bad interaction with crew and will start to Blacklist them they sometimes they say this just to their friends but what tends to happen will be that a lot of the good Brokers will notice there's a problem or This Crew is past their Prime and then the owner only sees the good side and they're not listening to the Charter manager or the yacht manager telling them there's a problem this situation happens all the time I can think of it like even with young Crews or old Crews you get people who are new to the business are really energetic do everything perfectly after a couple years or in a routine and they get in that like oh well I already put away the water toys for today we'll take them out tomorrow and saying these things to clients that just aren't the expectation so that's an example you need to manage the owner and Captain relationship one of the people who can be a resource for you in this would be the yacht manager who will know if this person is doing their job or the charter manager who's getting direct feedback from the Brokers on how every trip goes another aspect with the crew is what you're getting for receipts and what you're getting for maintenance things on Yachts break all the time things are going to go in disrepair is the crew on top of it are they fixing every little things as that comes up or are they letting things snowball into a big problem that could prevent a charer from happening so if you're a boat owner or you're somebody with a ton of boat maintenance experience you can sometimes read these bills and read these lines this info that you're getting and read between the lines of whether or not you know all of these charges are legitimate or are they not legitimate you know I've had some you know owners will question I think they're doing good but why am I getting a bill for 20 life jackets when our boat can only keep 10 only have 10 guests aboard well there there are plenty of explanations of why that might be the case but you need somebody to kind of help navigate these things for you and a yacht manager can help oversee the maintenance and repairs and kind of oversee the crew and the crew management so that's just another um there and a challenge is not to get in too close of a relationship with the crew even though they're great you need to listen to the people if they're telling you they pass their prime or somebody else could be a better do a better job in this role another one another potential Pitfall is the yacht manager is the yacht manager doing their job is the boat in good condition are you finding out that your boat um registration expired after it happened or are you getting notifications of this well in advance are they giving you updated Financial reports I would also worry caution that it can be a problem to change the yacht manager too quickly or at the wrong time of the year if you're unhappy with them often times the work permits might be tied to the yacht manager for instance the yacht manager had to incorporate a business in the British Virgin Islands so that when you want to hire crew the work permits go through their company if you decide to change the yacht manager that could mean that the crew no longer has a valid work permit which could cause big delays and big problems to your program so if you want to make a change it should be in the off seon which would be hurricane season or you know in the winter if this is somewhere in the Mediterranean but if you want to make any sort of change or you think the yacht manager isn't doing everything they promised to be sure you do it at the right time of year and don't get too hasty with it I've seen some people change the yacht management for really no reason they didn't give them a chance to do a good job they just something irked them or didn't go the right way when they were just getting started but the company they were with was actually really good you know they would have had a great season and changing up their yacht manager um midseason really messed up a bunch of things for them and it really step back the program um another thing to keep in mind is supporting the charter management um one Pitfall I found is not making enough allowances to keep the calendar full the charter manager should provide you with feedback on when to do a discounts and when to raise rates if you're overpriced you need to offer do you need to offer promos to fill a calendar if you're not willing to do that nobody's getting paid you're not offsetting the cost are you keeping the calendar up to date or are you booking trips for yourself and not forming them so when a broker comes along and wants to book it sends you a signed contract and you're like oh wait a second I actually plan to use that with my family I'm not get to sign this contract you can imagine all the frustrated people in that process so you have to support the charter manager by keeping your calendar up to date and ideally you should know what you're going to do with the boat for the next 18 months if you are waiting till the last minute to fill your calendar it might not fill I see this a lot in the Mediterranean I book a lot of Americans who want to go to the Mediterranean Americans booking a trip like that well often plan it further in advance than many Europeans will so I will get things like okay it's July my I have somebody that wants to book a charter for next July I contact the boat and they say oh we're not ready to take bookings the owner doesn't know what they're doing next year contact us in October okay well I might contact you in October or I might just offer five other Yachts that already know what they're doing next season so one thing to keep in mind is are you keeping the calendar up to date so the charter manager can do their job and are you keeping it open far enough in advance that people who want to book your yacht far in advance can book it and you're not waiting for last minute bookings to fill your calendar another potential Pitfall would be location we talked about this briefly before but putting your yacht somewhere that doesn't have a builtup charter location is going to push you into having to do day trips and party trips on the boat rather than filling a week calendar um unless you have a really strong reason for basing it somewhere somewhere that you like um I would wouldn't do it I mean even if you want to keep it at the end of your Dock and only send it out to Charter occasionally there it needs to be in a location where it can easily get maintenance done where the crew are going to enjoy living there's usually some sort of you know crew um like social network that where they can I'm going to be on vacation my good friend John is going to fill in for me something along those lines and do you want to take any type of booking because you didn't pick the right location or do you want to move the boat to where it will get bookings and you will sell out so a big Pitfall in running a successful business is choosing the right location and being flexible for requests to move the yacht to different locations when somebody wants to pay you lots of money to move it to a new location so they can take a booking this is kind of a summary of some of the things to think about when starting a charter business the players in the industry and a few pitfalls let me know what your thoughts are on this and subscribe um for lots more videos and tips on different locations beautiful y to see tips from captains we are sees the day Charters and reach out to me when you're looking to book a yach thank you

  Top Comments:
  1. @CaptainPicardy [3 likes]: Very helpful video. I've been toying with the idea of buying a cat and putting it into a boat as a business charter program in the BVIs. I'm exploring the process of becoming a yacht charter broker and am learning how all the pieces of the industry go together. Thank you for the explanation.
  2. @imtiazzz. [2 likes]: Anyone starting a yacht charter business and need help getting appointments, I know a guy that works with yacht charter businesses to help them grow and get more appointments and leads easily. No one should struggle alone.
  3. @timinfla2 [2 likes]: OMG where has this video been all my life!?  This was an amazing and informative walkthrough, thank you.  I appreciated your insight as to where to keep the boat.  It raised a couple of questions - Number one, is it feasible to keep the yacht on the East Coast of FL but do charters to the Bahamas or do you think most folks just want to fly into, say, Nassau and get right on the yacht there and enjoy themselves?  I figured it might be a feature to help them avoid the hassle of an international flight, simply fly to FL and we'll get them over there.  I also have a portfolio of vacation rentals here, I wonder if there might be an opportunity to provide not only lodging but a charger in one package?  Dumb idea maybe, I figured I'd see what you think :-)
  4. @wilkesbarrecannabisdispensary [1 likes]: Wouldn’t a week cost around $60,000?
  5. @kennythompson9646 [1 likes]: I enjoyed this masterclass
  6. @kennythompson9646 [1 likes]: I'm thinking about doing this in a year. From the Bahamas
  7. @MrAphorism [1 likes]: Fantastic video. May I ask what size charter boat is booked the most?
  8. @williamslouis2645 [1 likes]: Great video ma'am. One question, when the end user is trying to rent a yacht who do they speak to? and who do they communicate their preference on what they want the yacht for, how long they want it? etc Is it the broker or the yacht manager?
  9. @gabrieldufresne_bitcoin [1 likes]: let say I would like to start in this business by buying a low entry yacht to  400-500k only for rental..do you think it could be a good investment or not really ?
  10. @shatiragindraw8639: very helpful
  11. @WillDryden-sf3ud: Very informative.  I have been thinking about getting into the boat business.
  12. @HeavyT53: GREAT JOB. I thank you for this information this is exactly what I needed.
  13. @wealthmasteryglobal: very very insightful!
  14. @truefreewill8134: thank you for your video, where are you based? I would like to start a yacht charter management business, I do have a yacht broker office with license in Miami but I would like to get more inside knowledge on how to enter some of my client yacht into a charter plan, laws, insurance and liabilities, marketing pls, requirements. to many questions?
  15. @kennythompson9646: Home
  16. @lamancha7066: We live in San Diego CA and we are highly considering a boat charter business here in San Diego by doing week charters to Catalina or BAJA Mex. Can you please let me know how can I check an on line search traffic to see the traffic here or in BAJA
Thank you
  17. @lamancha7066: We live in San Diego CA and we are highly considering a boat charter business here in San Diego by doing week charters to Catalina or BAJA Mex. Can you please let me know how can I check an on line search traffic to see the traffic here or in BAJA
Thank you
  18. @hashimtiman: ❤❤❤❤
  19. @marvona3531: Thanks for sharing!!!
  20. @BuddyRathmell: Do you distinguish between BVI and USVI? When you say the Bahamas and the Virgin Islands are the best markets.

- INSANE One Year TIMELAPSE 🤯 Building Our Own Aluminum Catamaran: Kind: captions Language: en - We're building an aluminum expeditionary catamaran from scratch, our future home, and the biggest project we have ever taken on, and this is what 365 days looks like. - In April of 2024, about nine tons of CNC cut, 5083 marine grade aluminum was delivered to our shop, and we began the process of sorting and preparing the thousands of individual pieces. Of this initial nine tons. About a ton and a half would be recycled, and the remaining seven and a half tons would be become our new floating home. Each component was etched with a number, noting its purpose and place in the boat. The pieces were laid out to form the frames which span the width of the holes. We have 16 frames at all, evenly spaced one meter apart the entire length of the boat. The welding process we're using is double pulse mig welding that utilizes argon gas. Each frame was equally spaced and aligned on a strong back, which supports and holds the frames in place until they can be welded. The alignment was carefully done to millimeter accuracy using lasers. Next, each individually cut longitudinal stiffener was cleaned and placed. These stiffeners add a huge amount of strength tying the frames together and eventually giving us a surface to weld our whole plates onto the first hole plates to go on with the bottom of the bridge deck. This phase of the fabrication is done with the boat upside down, making placement and welding of the whole plates much easier using gravity. The rudder scags were single pieces and a bit too heavy for us to position by hand. This will serve as a strong point for our rudders and propeller tubes to attach to. We then began the process of placing each individual hole plate. We opted to go with six millimeter thick aluminum hole plates, giving us extra strength and rigidity. Once each plate was placed in a line, they were first T and then welded in place inside and out. For this, we use both TIG and MIG welding depending on the location. This machine is our Sial English wheel and is used to form each hole plate to a specific shape and curve based on templates provided with our kit. It took about three weeks in total to wheel all the plates. As they were finished, we welded them into place to form the structure of the boat. After about four months of solid work, our whole structure was nearly complete. We welded on the underwing girders each requiring more than 200 feet of welding on the road. These add strength and rigidity to our bridge deck and will give us a solid place to attach lifting points so we can flip her over and continue on. With the next phase of the build as the final hole place were prepared, we began fabricating the structure that would eventually become our LA on and cross beam, which holds together the bows of our cata ran. Each day we get two breaks, affectionately known as smoko. Here in Australia, we get to have a cup of coffee, a bite to eat and share a few laughs, but before we know it, it's back to the grind. We reached a major milestone when the last large hole plates went on, and we got to see the shape of our slender wave piercing bows because it's too narrow at the very front to weld from the inside. A process known as plug welding was used with all the hole plates in place. It was time to fully weld the stiffeners to the hole plates. We did all the top welds at this stage while the boat was still upside down, we also started to sand the aluminum to get the look we wanted using gravity to our advantage before we flipped her over with our date for flipping the whole fast approaching. It was time to do the final outside welding on the plate seams and a bit more sanding on those plates. That would be much harder to reach when she's right side up. Finally, we reached a major milestone in the project and the cranes moved in to flip her right side up. She was then moved back into the shed right side up so the decks and superstructure could be welded on. Before the decks were laid on, we placed the large bus bar that will become the backbone of our electrical system. The busbar is the equivalent of 500 millimeter squared of solid copper and will carry about 50 kilowatts of power from our battery bank to the electric motors in each hole. As the weeks flew by the decks and salon top began to take shape piece by piece. Delos 2.0 was finally starting to look like a boat. The roof of Delos will support five kilowatts of solar panels and the entire surface will catch water to fill our tanks. The bows are thin and meant to pierce through the waves. The first one meter or about three feet, is a very strong collision bulkhead that's fully sealed Behind that is an additional four meter watertight compartment that will eventually become my shop and storage. Soon enough, the welding of the whole plates was finished and we performed a number of tests to check the integrity. Filling the holes with water and looking for leaks allowed us to test the internal water type bulkheads and plate welds. At the very same time as the whole fabrication phase. Near completion, it was time to move her to the shed next door, which would be her home. While the interior and systems fit out phase began, our propulsion system will be a diesel electric hybrid system utilizing a nanny N four 80 diesel engine and 2 25 kilowatt electric motors from combi systems. The interior fit out officially began with the installation of internal non-structural bulkheads and supports for the flooring. KA and I are onsite every day all day. Not only do we do a lot of the work ourselves, but we constantly work with Dan and his team to refine the design and discuss ideas about the interior fit out. Internal components like floors and non-structural bulkheads are fabricated out of a plastic honeycomb material covered in a thin layer of fiberglass. It's incredibly strong impervious to water, and about one half the weight of traditional marine plywood ventilation is incredibly important for the engine rooms. We allow the engine to draw in cooler fresh air naturally to the bottom of the engine room and the hot air at the top that is not used during the combustion process is drawn out with an extraction fan. Our four peaks and doughs 2.0 are about four meters nearly 13 feet long. They're accessible from watertight doors in the cabins or from the deck. Here Dan is fabricating some very beautiful ladders for deck access through the hatches. The port hole will be are guest hole with a kids' cabin. Our galley is also on the port side, so this framework will support our induction stove, oven and galley cabinetry. Here you're seeing Sierra's kids' cabin come to life complete with bunk beds for sleepovers and lots and lots of storage. The perfect time to route crucial hoses for systems is now. So here I am routing our fuel fill, vent and supply moves, and also the hoses that will transport our toilet waste water, drinking water, and great water. All the wall liners are attached using a fast balance system, meaning they're all removable for service and maintenance of the systems and all. We really hope you enjoyed this time lapse of our build so far. It's incredible to think just how far we've come in only a year. It's a real testament to the skills of stradbroke yachts whom we feel incredibly lucky to have as our builder. We've just reached the halfway point in the project, so if you haven't ready, please click that subscribe button, or even better yet, head on over to patreon.com/sv delos where we can get more patrons only videos, early release content, and chat directly with Cas and myself about the build and all things sailing related. Thanks for watching.

  Top Comments:
  1. @svdelos [136 likes]: Ahoy Delos Tribe!  How freaking crazy is it so see an entire year of blood sweat and tears compressed down into just 10 minutes?!  If you're new here, make sure and subscribe to our channel (it's free!) and if you want to binge the build from the beginning, we've got a playlist starting from Day 1: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLQp8FoQ4t-lU3JNWatEEidXOheB78s7sJ
  2. @Tantilus [1 likes]: Watching them run all those hoses and wires I couldn't help but think "I really hope they put in enough electrical outlets" LOL
  3. @VeriousSmithIII: Great content
  4. @BSandy-jd4nf: Hi! The cat is gorgeous. Thanks for the video.
  5. @Kissgergaviga: Amazing, total labour of Love. A giant precision meccano set, every young boys dream in the olden days. Excellent work, may you have many years of safe and awesome sailing. Congrats.
  6. @intsccents: 1 st class workmanship its even beautiful  in the aluminum work
  7. @servermatter4465: Music over shadowed the narrative
  8. @coster-sp8bb: Do you have to be careful with the welds where they don't oxidize.
  9. @favoritebd: Love you both, from Bangladesh <3
  10. @tangbesitangbesi7009: This maybe a personal mega projek but looks like a professional yatch shipyard  with many of the latest equipment. Orders must be rolling in after this
  11. @Anthony-p2f7u: Sorry, I don't want to fund your lifestyle.
  12. @Tomc8030: This is amazing, why am I just now finding this channel. . . I’ll need to pick a starting point and binge watch.
  13. @charlesdefrancisco5056: You guys have done a incredible job of course mucho thanks to the builders..a magnificent project
  14. @ladykay8: you AI spelling captions are driving me nuts, using hole instead of hull, and more.  Had to turn them off.  LOVE the boat!!
  15. @JustJoshinYouBro: I'm contemplating dropping everything to become an engineer now.
  16. @Charcha8761: That is prob the finest construction ever on a cat. The level of craftsmanship,  materials used is amazing. Once complete, it will prob be the best built cat in its class and last for decades to come. Flex is important with cats to distribute loading. It looks like every inch of its structure can be inspected for stress over time and addressed. People ...... are amazing. What an endeavor. Can't wait to see you all do sea trials and put up sails to let her do her thing ...... she has to have a name at this point or are you waiting for the christening when her hull touches water?
  17. @ryan0peck: Greetings and salutations from Cpt. Ryan and Floyd (The Dog) SV Blue Bayou
  18. @caiobelardi: 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
  19. @nicolasariza6068: How much?
  20. @gospelboat1503: Fantastic absolutely fantastic.

- Fast Catamaran Build From Scratch Using Boat Plans: Kind: captions Language: en Properly insulated hulls keep your catamaran cool in the tropics and warm in higher latitudes for year-round cruising. Comfort is essential. The insulation specs are in the first comment link. Grab the professional plans today.

  Top Comments:
  1. @WOODSHOP-CRAFT: ✅ Proven Boat Plans 👉 boat.systeme.io

- Inside The $9,000,000,000 Most Insanely Expensive Yachts: Kind: captions Language: en-US What if I told you there are luxurious,&nbsp; multi-level maritime mansions sailing&nbsp;&nbsp; the seas that cost more than some countries'&nbsp; GDP? I'm talking about mega yachts so lavish&nbsp;&nbsp; and tricked out, they make cruise&nbsp; ship suites look like broom closets. Have you ever wondered how the ultra-wealthy&nbsp; traverse the seas in privacy and utmost luxury?&nbsp;&nbsp; I’m not talking about mere first-class&nbsp; tickets on a standard cruise ship. No,&nbsp;&nbsp; I mean truly one-of-a-kind&nbsp; floating palaces customized&nbsp;&nbsp; to each billionaire owner’s exact&nbsp; specifications without regard for cost. Welcome to the dazzling, decadent domain of&nbsp; luxury superyachts – a maritime realm reserved&nbsp;&nbsp; only for those with bank accounts spanning ten or&nbsp; eleven figures. These resplendent behemoths offer&nbsp;&nbsp; every conceivable indulgence under the sun. Their&nbsp; mere purchase prices exceed many countries’ GDPs. But what exactly does $500 million or even a&nbsp; billion dollars buy on the high seas? Join me&nbsp;&nbsp; for an exclusive tour inside 20 of the most&nbsp; expensive personal yachts sailing the planet&nbsp;&nbsp; today. We’ll reveal every opulent amenity&nbsp; and dive deep into famous owners’ lives. Number 20 - Lionheart A majestic 207-foot leviathan&nbsp;&nbsp; owned by British retail magnate Sir Philip&nbsp; Green. Estimated to cost around $150 million,&nbsp;&nbsp; she provides amenities galore for&nbsp; privileged guests. Do normal rules of&nbsp;&nbsp; sensible spending apply to billionaires&nbsp; like Sir Philip? Of course not! With a&nbsp;&nbsp; net worth around $3 billion, his pocket&nbsp; change alone could set most retirements. Built by the illustrious Italian shipyard&nbsp; Benetti, Lionheart entered service in 2016&nbsp;&nbsp; as a floating palace worthy of royalty. Her&nbsp; sweeping exterior lines give her a refined,&nbsp;&nbsp; regal bearing wherever she glides&nbsp; into port. At over 200 feet long,&nbsp;&nbsp; Lionheart dominates any marina or&nbsp; anchorage, dwarfing lesser craft. Her resplendent gleaming white hull and chrome&nbsp; accents sparkle brightly beneath the Mediterranean&nbsp;&nbsp; sun. And make no mistake, with twin 3,600&nbsp; horsepower engines, she can outrun most paparazzi&nbsp;&nbsp; at full throttle beyond 16 knots. Yes, Lionheart&nbsp; has a performance matching her imposing looks. Up top, the generous sun deck has plentiful&nbsp; cushy loungers for working on one's tan while&nbsp;&nbsp; a personal attendant delivers chilled&nbsp; Dom Perignon. What better way to spend a&nbsp;&nbsp; warm summer afternoon than basking lazily on&nbsp; your own superyacht? When the sun dips low,&nbsp;&nbsp; there's always the infinity-edge spa tub to&nbsp; unwind tired muscles. The good life indeed! Below deck is where the real luxury&nbsp; resides. With six lavish staterooms&nbsp;&nbsp; that welcome up to 12 fortunate guests,&nbsp; there's abundant room for family,&nbsp;&nbsp; friends or business colleagues.&nbsp; Plush carpets, enormous beds,&nbsp;&nbsp; marble-lined bathrooms - no expense was&nbsp; spared crafting Lionheart's splendid spaces. Number 19 - Aviva&nbsp; The beloved superyacht of billionaire&nbsp; financier Joe Lewis. Over 200 feet long,&nbsp;&nbsp; she provides a floating oasis for Lewis and&nbsp; his privileged guests. Aviva can welcome 16&nbsp;&nbsp; passengers across palatial spaces designed&nbsp; by Reymond Langton Design. But rest assured,&nbsp;&nbsp; Joe Lewis and friends will not exactly be roughing&nbsp; it aboard his $150 million aquatic estate. Some highlights of Aviva's lavish amenities&nbsp; include an indoor lap pool, private cinema,&nbsp;&nbsp; spa, gym, Jacuzzi and helicopter landing pad.&nbsp; The grand main saloon features floor-to-ceiling&nbsp;&nbsp; windows providing awe-inspiring panoramic views.&nbsp; Yes, Aviva surpasses expectations of comfort&nbsp;&nbsp; and elegance at every turn. She is a seagoing&nbsp; palace catering to every whim in regal style. But Aviva's most astounding feature sits&nbsp; up top - a full-sized regulation tennis&nbsp;&nbsp; court on her spacious upper deck! Leave it&nbsp; to Joe Lewis to ensure he can practice his&nbsp;&nbsp; backhand while afloat. Other billionaire&nbsp; yacht owners install hot tubs or pools,&nbsp;&nbsp; but the sports enthusiast wants amenities&nbsp; enabling his passions, no matter how impractical. Aviva also houses Lewis's priceless art&nbsp; collection in climate-controlled galleries.&nbsp;&nbsp; Pieces by Picasso, Rothko and others from his&nbsp; $1 billion stash adorn the hallways. Combined&nbsp;&nbsp; with lavish furnishings and fixtures, Aviva&nbsp; feels like a floating private museum. Yes,&nbsp;&nbsp; she offers rarities and indulgences&nbsp; beyond imagination's reach for most. Aviva is crewed by up to 17 staff ready&nbsp; to cater to Joe Lewis's smallest fancy 24&nbsp;&nbsp; hours a day. With a top speed around 17&nbsp; knots from her hardy MTU diesel engines,&nbsp;&nbsp; his home away from home can whisk Lewis and&nbsp; friends to any tropical destination swiftly. Number 18 - Solandge Completed in 2013 by German shipbuilding titan&nbsp;&nbsp; Lürssen, this 280-foot giant offers accommodation&nbsp; for 14 fortunate guests plus ample room for up to&nbsp;&nbsp; 29 crew members. For the right stratospheric&nbsp; price, you could even experience her splendor. Solandge's sleek exterior profile came from&nbsp; the drawing board of famed yacht designer Espen&nbsp;&nbsp; Oeino. Inside, the talented designer Aileen&nbsp; Rodriguez infused the living spaces with a&nbsp;&nbsp; contemporary zen minimalist aesthetic using&nbsp; rare wood veneers, neutral tones and marble. Floor-to-ceiling windows surround the&nbsp; upper deck lounge and adjoining areas,&nbsp;&nbsp; providing jaw-dropping panoramic views out&nbsp; over the bow. Spanning over 2,500 square feet,&nbsp;&nbsp; this privileged space features a baby grand&nbsp; piano and elegant furnishings for entertaining&nbsp;&nbsp; or relaxation. Without question, Solandge&nbsp; is a heavenly escape from the mundane world. For pleasure and recreation, Solandge features&nbsp; a cutting-edge fitness room, private cinema,&nbsp;&nbsp; heated pool and open-air Jacuzzi. Outside,&nbsp; guests can lounge poolside on cushioned chairs,&nbsp;&nbsp; dine al fresco beside the shimmering&nbsp; waters, or soak in the Jacuzzi. The&nbsp;&nbsp; 8 lavish VIP suites below deck offer&nbsp; princely accommodations fit for royalty,&nbsp;&nbsp; each with king-size beds, entertainment&nbsp; systems and spacious ensuite bathrooms. At night, an elaborate lighting system traces&nbsp; Solandge's silhouette, giving her an almost&nbsp;&nbsp; ethereal futuristic radiance. Powered by dual&nbsp; fuel-efficient yet muscular MTU diesel engines,&nbsp;&nbsp; Solandge can sprint to over 17 knots and&nbsp; cross the Atlantic without refueling. Number 17 - Ecstasea Russian billionaire Roman&nbsp;&nbsp; Abramovich's awe-inspiring superyacht Ecstasea&nbsp; holds down the 17th position on our list. This&nbsp;&nbsp; nearly 300-foot giant was constructed&nbsp; starting in 2004 by preeminent Dutch&nbsp;&nbsp; shipbuilder Feadship at a reported cost&nbsp; of $200 million - mere pocket change for&nbsp;&nbsp; someone of Abramovich's stature. Worth over&nbsp; $14 billion, his indulgences know no bounds. The immaculate gleaming white hull and&nbsp; raked superstructure are iconic sights&nbsp;&nbsp; gliding regally into any port. But the real&nbsp; treasures are found inside. No expense was&nbsp;&nbsp; spared creating Ecstasea's palatial spaces&nbsp; using the finest materials procured worldwide. Precious woods, Italian marble and gold accents&nbsp; adorn nearly every surface in the living spaces&nbsp;&nbsp; and master suites. The finest artisans crafted&nbsp; her sweeping spiral staircase and intricately&nbsp;&nbsp; detailed furnishings. Seven ultra elite guest&nbsp; staterooms offer a private slice of heaven,&nbsp;&nbsp; with Hermès leathers, Fendi&nbsp; cloth accent walls and lush&nbsp;&nbsp; king-size beds. 24-hour butler service&nbsp; ensures no request goes unfulfilled. Twin powerful MTU diesel engines propel&nbsp; her to 25 knots despite a tremendous&nbsp;&nbsp; displacement of over 4,500 tons. Abramovich&nbsp; made sure his personal superyacht combined&nbsp;&nbsp; performance with imposing looks. Ecstasea&nbsp; also features dual helicopter landing pads,&nbsp;&nbsp; a garage for water toys like jet skis and seabobs,&nbsp; and extensive storage for extended voyages. After wowing guests with unforgettable cruises&nbsp; to exotic locales, Ecstasea's crew of 30 ensure&nbsp;&nbsp; every need is catered for. It's this tireless&nbsp; service that makes staying aboard her a true&nbsp;&nbsp; five-star experience. While Abramovich has&nbsp; since upgraded to an even bigger yacht,&nbsp;&nbsp; Ecstasea remains an enduring symbol&nbsp; of high seas luxury and wealth. Number 16 - Rising Sun Measuring over 450 feet long, she offers immense&nbsp;&nbsp; interior volume spread across 7 spacious decks.&nbsp; This golden avenue castle was originally built in&nbsp;&nbsp; 2004 by Lürssen Yachts of Germany for Oracle CEO&nbsp; Larry Ellison at a cost exceeding $200 million. In 2007, fellow billionaire&nbsp; David Geffen purchased her,&nbsp;&nbsp; then invested another $50 million refitting&nbsp; the interiors and adding the latest amenities.&nbsp;&nbsp; With nearly 6,000 square feet of living&nbsp; space, Rising Sun accommodates up to 16&nbsp;&nbsp; privileged guests plus 54 crew members ready&nbsp; to cater to their every whim 24 hours a day. While not the largest megayacht by length,&nbsp; Rising Sun's voluminous 80-foot beam provides&nbsp;&nbsp; expansive real estate to house an eye-popping&nbsp; list of facilities including a private cinema,&nbsp;&nbsp; fitness center and spa, indoor basketball court,&nbsp;&nbsp; wine cellar and zen garden. One can play hoops&nbsp; or get a massage without ever going ashore! Outside, the rear pool deck launches smaller&nbsp; vessels like jet skis and speed boats. Or&nbsp;&nbsp; guests can simply lounge poolside and soak in the&nbsp; sweeping ocean views. When it's time to dine and&nbsp;&nbsp; socialize, the main deck lounge features a baby&nbsp; grand piano and elegant bar for entertaining. With a top speed near 20 knots&nbsp; from her twin diesel engines,&nbsp;&nbsp; Rising Sun consumes horizons swiftly. She has&nbsp; entertained A-list celebrities and business&nbsp;&nbsp; moguls around the world thanks to owner&nbsp; David Geffen's many Hollywood connections. Number 15 - Octopus Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen&nbsp;&nbsp; spent a reported $200 million constructing this&nbsp; 413-foot giant in 2003. She remains one of the&nbsp;&nbsp; largest personal superyachts ever launched,&nbsp; weighing over 10,000 gross metric tons. Octopus requires a full-time crew of&nbsp; 57 just to maintain her many complex&nbsp;&nbsp; systems and tend to pamper guests. She&nbsp; offers abundant space for 26 esteemed&nbsp;&nbsp; passengers across 13 lavish VIP suites.&nbsp; Facilities aboard include a music studio,&nbsp;&nbsp; full-size basketball court, glass bottom&nbsp; swimming pool, movie theatre, spa,&nbsp;&nbsp; helipad and a garage housing multiple&nbsp; helicopters and a personal submarine. Paul Allen insisted on an environmentally&nbsp; friendly hybrid propulsion system for Octopus,&nbsp;&nbsp; utilizing liquified natural gas and diesel. Her&nbsp; eight generators produce enough power for a small&nbsp;&nbsp; town! Clearly no expense was spared designing&nbsp; and engineering Allen's personal megayacht. Though Paul Allen passed away in 2018, his&nbsp; estate has kept Octopus in flawless condition,&nbsp;&nbsp; still cruising the world. Guests wanting an&nbsp; especially luxurious escape can charter her&nbsp;&nbsp; for over $2 million per week. She&nbsp; has been spotted in locales from&nbsp;&nbsp; the French Riviera during the Cannes Film&nbsp; Festival to Australia's Great Barrier Reef. Whether one desires fine dining beneath&nbsp; the stars, an underwater excursion,&nbsp;&nbsp; or basketball on the tide-compensated&nbsp; court, Octopus brings your wishes into&nbsp;&nbsp; reality. Each space provides optimal&nbsp; views outward through vast windows. Number 14 - Lady Moura The beloved yacht of Saudi&nbsp;&nbsp; billionaire Nasser Al-Rashid. This 344-foot regal&nbsp; vessel was custom built by Dutch firm Blohm+Voss&nbsp;&nbsp; and delivered in 1990 after nearly 6 years of&nbsp; meticulous construction. The final cost exceeded&nbsp;&nbsp; $210 million, but for someone of Al-Rashid's&nbsp; financial stature, such figures are trivialities. At the time, Lady Moura incorporated&nbsp; numerous technological firsts like&nbsp;&nbsp; her automated retractable roof and internal&nbsp; floodable garages to store tenders, jet skis&nbsp;&nbsp; and other watercraft. She can accommodate up to&nbsp; 30 privileged guests and 60 expert crew members. Some amazing exterior features include a&nbsp; lavish lounge area on the upper aft deck&nbsp;&nbsp; perfect for sunset cocktails or hobnobbing with&nbsp; fellow elites. There is also a generous hot tub,&nbsp;&nbsp; basketball court, putting green, jogging track&nbsp; and not one but two helicopter landing pads.&nbsp;&nbsp; Lady Moura is equipped for adventure&nbsp; and indulgence anywhere the winds blow. Her crowning glory sits on the resplendent&nbsp; rear pool deck. At the touch of a button,&nbsp;&nbsp; the pool roof retracts to convert the&nbsp; area into an open-air party space. And&nbsp;&nbsp; the name Lady Moura is writ large across&nbsp; the transom in real 24-karat gold - no&nbsp;&nbsp; delicate paint job here. Yes, she&nbsp; announces her presence proudly. Inside, the two-level master suite&nbsp; and adjoining VIP staterooms rival&nbsp;&nbsp; those found at the finest hotels. There&nbsp; is also a state-of-the-art fitness room,&nbsp;&nbsp; opulent dining room with Swarovski&nbsp; crystal chandeliers, private cinema,&nbsp;&nbsp; hair salon and more. The latest audio-visual&nbsp; systems provide entertainment on demand. With a range exceeding 5,000 nautical miles, Lady&nbsp; Moura is capable of globetrotting wherever her&nbsp;&nbsp; owner desires, or spending months at anchor as a&nbsp; private resort. Powerful diesel engines drive her&nbsp;&nbsp; to over 20 knots despite her massive size and&nbsp; displacement. Thirty years after her launch,&nbsp;&nbsp; Lady Moura still Represents the cutting&nbsp; edge of luxury yachting. Her lucky owner&nbsp;&nbsp; can rest assured he possesses one of&nbsp; the finest superyachts on the sea. Number 13 - Al Mirqab Commissioned by Qatar's&nbsp;&nbsp; former Prime Minister Hamad bin Jassim&nbsp; bin Jaber Al-Thani. He selected the&nbsp;&nbsp; Netherlands-based yacht builder Oceanco&nbsp; to construct Al Mirqab starting in 2004,&nbsp;&nbsp; with Tim Heywood Design handling her&nbsp; sweeping exterior lines. No expense was&nbsp;&nbsp; spared creating this 436-foot floating palace,&nbsp; which likely cost over $250 million to complete. Al Mirqab's most defining attribute is&nbsp; her abundance of expansive glass surfaces&nbsp;&nbsp; across multiple viewing decks. The reflective&nbsp; windows amplify the jaw-dropping ocean vistas&nbsp;&nbsp; and scenery beyond. She can accommodate 24 guests&nbsp; and 52 crew with true globe-trotting capability. Her 6,400 nautical mile range means she can cruise&nbsp; from the Persian Gulf to Northern Europe nonstop&nbsp;&nbsp; if desired - the perfect way to escape paparazzi&nbsp; or prying eyes. Yes, aboard Al Mirqab owners&nbsp;&nbsp; enjoy privacy and security unmatched on terra&nbsp; firma. They occupy their own untouchable realm. The onboard leisure amenities satisfy&nbsp; even the most discerning billionaire.&nbsp;&nbsp; There are two pristine swimming pools,&nbsp; a fully equipped gymnasium and spa,&nbsp;&nbsp; helicopter landing pad, movie theater with&nbsp; surround sound, and a sky lounge connected&nbsp;&nbsp; to an outdoor hot tub. The skylounge area&nbsp; even converts into a stage for performances. Twin powerful diesel engines drive Al&nbsp; Mirqab effortlessly forward at 25 knots.&nbsp;&nbsp; Despite her enormous size, Al Mirqab&nbsp; handles like a vessel half her scale. Number 12 - Dilbar&nbsp; Owned by Russian oligarch tycoon Alisher&nbsp; Usmanov. Constructed starting in 2008 by&nbsp;&nbsp; renowned German shipbuilder Lürssen Yachts&nbsp; and delivered in 2016, she likely cost Mr.&nbsp;&nbsp; Usmanov up to $256 million, proving price&nbsp; was no object creating his dream vessel. Spanning over 360 feet long with a generous beam,&nbsp; Dilbar ranks as one of the largest superyachts in&nbsp;&nbsp; the world by interior volume, with a gross&nbsp; tonnage exceeding 15,000 tons fully loaded.&nbsp;&nbsp; She can welcome 40 privileged guests easily&nbsp; across vast living spaces and staterooms.&nbsp;&nbsp; Dilbar maintains a crew of 96 - yes, nearly&nbsp; 100 - to cater to their every fancy and whim. Her shiny pearl white hull and superstructure&nbsp; are accented by enormous full-height glass&nbsp;&nbsp; windows that amplify the dramatic ocean&nbsp; views. Her Lürssen pedigree ensures the&nbsp;&nbsp; finest engineering and construction&nbsp; using Western technology. Advanced&nbsp;&nbsp; stabilization fins minimize any roll&nbsp; motion when anchored or cruising slowly. Naturally, Dilbar offers amenities to rival the&nbsp; finest resorts worldwide. Indulgences include&nbsp;&nbsp; the largest swimming pool ever installed&nbsp; on a private yacht, measuring over 82 feet&nbsp;&nbsp; long! There is also a beauty salon and spa,&nbsp; gymnasium, movie theater with a 3D screen,&nbsp;&nbsp; and separate living quarters for her extensive&nbsp; crew. Her interior decor exudes refinement and&nbsp;&nbsp; good taste thanks to precious metals, fine wood&nbsp; surfaces and elegant lighting accents throughout. To power this aquatic giant, Dilbar&nbsp; utilizes a hybrid propulsion system&nbsp;&nbsp; linking powerful diesel engines to an&nbsp; Azimut electrical boosting drive. She&nbsp;&nbsp; can sprint to 25 knots and has an enormous&nbsp; 8,200 mile range for globe-trotting journeys. Number 11 - Pelorus Built starting in 2003 by&nbsp;&nbsp; the German titan Lürssen Yachts for&nbsp; a reported price near $300 million,&nbsp;&nbsp; she was originally commissioned by wealthy&nbsp; Saudi tycoon Saman Abdullah. In 2004,&nbsp;&nbsp; Russian billionaire Roman Abramovich purchased&nbsp; her as his personal oceangoing sanctuary. With graceful exterior lines conceived&nbsp; by renowned designer Tim Heywood,&nbsp;&nbsp; Pelorus always makes a sterling first&nbsp; impression wherever she cruises. Her sweeping&nbsp;&nbsp; decks offer ample space for relaxation&nbsp; or alfresco dining beneath the stars,&nbsp;&nbsp; including a large heated pool with&nbsp; adjustable depth perfect for lounging. Inside, Pelorus provides accommodation&nbsp; for 24 privileged guests across 12&nbsp;&nbsp; well-appointed staterooms, each with its own&nbsp; private ensuite bathroom. No need to share&nbsp;&nbsp; here! She maintains a crew of 46 poised to&nbsp; deliver first-class service around the clock. The luxe interior decor includes a grand&nbsp; two-story foyer with sweeping staircase,&nbsp;&nbsp; contemporary furnishings, and surfaces of marble&nbsp; juxtaposed with rich hardwoods and designer&nbsp;&nbsp; lighting accents. Additional amenities onboard&nbsp; include a sundeck jacuzzi, fully equipped spa&nbsp;&nbsp; and gymnasium, and easy access to the ocean&nbsp; via fold-down exterior decks and stairways. At the rear, an enclosed&nbsp; hangar stores smaller boats,&nbsp;&nbsp; jet skis and other water toys to enjoy&nbsp; during coastal excursions or at anchor.&nbsp;&nbsp; Two powerful MTU diesel engines provide&nbsp; Pelorus with transoceanic range and a top&nbsp;&nbsp; speed beyond 20 knots - enough performance&nbsp; to outpace annoying paparazzi or malaise. Number 10 - Serene A magnificent 439-foot giantess that serves as a&nbsp;&nbsp; floating extravagant palace for the King of Saudi&nbsp; Arabia. This brand new superyacht was constructed&nbsp;&nbsp; by legendary Italian shipyard Fincantieri and&nbsp; delivered to her royal owners in 2011. She cost&nbsp;&nbsp; approximately $300 million to build and outfit -&nbsp; a figure that would make most gasp in disbelief. For a monarch, such an expenditure barely&nbsp; merits contemplation. Serene provides 7&nbsp;&nbsp; full decks of indulgent spaces including 24&nbsp; ultra-luxe staterooms that can welcome over&nbsp;&nbsp; 50 privileged guests and associated&nbsp; staff. She also features not just&nbsp;&nbsp; one but two helicopter landing pads,&nbsp; extensive pool decks inside and out,&nbsp;&nbsp; multiple hot tubs, a submarine bay&nbsp; and even an underwater viewing room! Guests can glimpse pelagic creatures and&nbsp; sea life gliding silently past the huge&nbsp;&nbsp; glass panels. Serene offers diversions and&nbsp; amenities to satisfy even the most demanding&nbsp;&nbsp; superyacht connoisseur. She is a maritime&nbsp; playground limited only by imagination. The sleek yet imposing exterior exhibiting&nbsp; vertical lines was conceived by Espen Øino&nbsp;&nbsp; Naval Architects to maximize interior&nbsp; volumes across her 195-foot beam. Inside,&nbsp;&nbsp; theultra-contemporary interior design flows&nbsp; from the talents of British firm Reymond&nbsp;&nbsp; Langton. Guests are left awe-struck&nbsp; by details like crystal furnishings,&nbsp;&nbsp; gold accents, soaring marble pillars, walls and&nbsp; floors. No surface or detail was overlooked. Beneath her gleaming exterior, Serene houses two&nbsp; ultra-powerful diesel engines producing well over&nbsp;&nbsp; 18,000 horsepower combined. This propels her&nbsp; to over 24 knots - enough speed to outpace&nbsp;&nbsp; annoying media - while still providing&nbsp; a remarkable Atlantic crossing range. Number 9 - Al Said Now into the billion-dollar&nbsp;&nbsp; realm at number 9, we find Al Said, the majestic&nbsp; superyacht beloved by Sultan Qaboos bin Said&nbsp;&nbsp; Al Said of Oman. At just over 509 feet, her&nbsp; enormous scale required construction resources&nbsp;&nbsp; on a national level, with work commencing in&nbsp; 2007 at a final cost well over $300 million. Espen Øino served as lead exterior stylist,&nbsp; conferring Al Said's signature long,&nbsp;&nbsp; low angular profile that cuts&nbsp; through the sea with authority.&nbsp;&nbsp; Although scant details have been revealed&nbsp; publicly about her layout and amenities,&nbsp;&nbsp; reports indicate Al Said has one of the largest&nbsp; private swimming pools ever built aboard a yacht,&nbsp;&nbsp; plus an expansive central atrium that&nbsp; houses her very own orchestral concert hall! Yes, the sultan can enjoy private recitals&nbsp; by world-class musicians without ever going&nbsp;&nbsp; ashore. Despite her mammoth size,&nbsp; Al Said reportedly can still reach&nbsp;&nbsp; 25 knots top speed thanks to the latest&nbsp; marine turbine powerplants. Her imposing&nbsp;&nbsp; yet graceful lines make a stunning&nbsp; impression wherever Al Said appears. As the longtime ruler of Oman, the Sultan&nbsp; can cruise in total security knowing his&nbsp;&nbsp; yacht's location is also a closely guarded state&nbsp; secret. Al Said operates in a rarefied realm,&nbsp;&nbsp; exceeding already ridiculous standards&nbsp; of wealth and influence. Her lucky&nbsp;&nbsp; owner answers only to himself, living a&nbsp; life unbounded by conventional limits. Number 8 - Radiant A modern 360-foot marvel commissioned&nbsp;&nbsp; by Emirati billionaire and businessman Abdulla Al&nbsp; Futtaim. This superyacht was constructed by the&nbsp;&nbsp; renowned German firm Lürssen over a meticulous&nbsp; four-year period before her delivery in 2009. Cost to construct? An estimated $320 million. But&nbsp; for someone of Al Futaim's financial stature, such&nbsp;&nbsp; a figure is insignificant. With sweeping exterior&nbsp; lines conceived by the designer Tim Heywood,&nbsp;&nbsp; Radiant cuts a striking form whether stationary&nbsp; or cruising at her top speed of 21 knots. Radiant pampers up to 20 fortunate&nbsp; guests across 10 lavish VIP suites,&nbsp;&nbsp; with ample room remaining to house&nbsp; 44 dedicated crew members. Her glossy&nbsp;&nbsp; exterior surfaces and enormous windows take&nbsp; full advantage of natural illumination,&nbsp;&nbsp; flooding the interior spaces with&nbsp; warmth and fresh ocean vistas. Guests will find every amenity and diversion&nbsp; conceivable, including multiple pools, spa,&nbsp;&nbsp; gymnasium, cinema, beach club and even&nbsp; a specialized live fish bait freezer&nbsp;&nbsp; to keep the finest sushi ingredients fresh! Yes,&nbsp;&nbsp; Radiant offers entertainment to satisfy even&nbsp; the most jet setting superyacht connoisseur. Her lucky owners can circumnavigate the&nbsp; globe while enjoying facilities comparable&nbsp;&nbsp; to an upscale resort. Yet they are cosseted&nbsp; away from the nuisance of crowds and public&nbsp;&nbsp; scrutiny. Aboard Radiant, billionaires&nbsp; inhabit an untouchable dream realm free&nbsp;&nbsp; of worldly concerns and limitations. Yes,&nbsp; superyachts like Radiant represent true escape. Number 7 - Dubai Now entering the most&nbsp;&nbsp; rarefied category of all, we reach number 7 and&nbsp; the megayacht Dubai. This 531-foot aquatic palace&nbsp;&nbsp; was meticulously constructed by Blohm + Voss&nbsp; to the exacting specifications of its owner,&nbsp;&nbsp; Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum. The&nbsp; Sheikh serves as the Prime Minister and&nbsp;&nbsp; Vice President of the United Arab Emirates&nbsp; in addition to being the ruler of Dubai. Yes, Dubai was custom made&nbsp; to serve the royal family,&nbsp;&nbsp; with virtually unlimited resources and&nbsp; manpower allocated to her design and&nbsp;&nbsp; construction. Delivered in 2006 after&nbsp; nearly four years of intensive labor,&nbsp;&nbsp; her rumored cost exceeded $400 million. But for&nbsp; royalty, such arbitrary figures mean little. At over 530 feet in length, Dubai holds&nbsp; the distinction of being one of the largest&nbsp;&nbsp; private superyachts ever commissioned. She can&nbsp; comfortably accommodate 115 privileged guests and&nbsp;&nbsp; crew across vast interior volumes and multiple&nbsp; decks. The sheer scale is difficult to convey;&nbsp;&nbsp; upon arriving in port, no structure comes&nbsp; close to matching her imposing presence. Guests are greeted by a soaring lobby&nbsp; atrium featuring a Arabian dhow sailing&nbsp;&nbsp; ship suspended mid-air! Further inside&nbsp; one finds indulgent details like the&nbsp;&nbsp; dazzling circular glass staircase ringed&nbsp; by color-changing lighting effects and&nbsp;&nbsp; mosaic tiled swimming pool flanked&nbsp; by palm trees on the upper sun deck. Yes, Dubai's interiors exude magnificence at&nbsp; every turn, integrating the finest materials,&nbsp;&nbsp; eastern influences and advanced technology.&nbsp; Her onboard movie theatre, lounges, spas and&nbsp;&nbsp; VIP suites rival those found at five-star hotels.&nbsp; Outside, the sweeping aft deck contains hot tubs,&nbsp;&nbsp; bar areas, and a landing pad for the&nbsp; Sheikh's personal Blackhawk helicopter. With a cruising speed over 25 knots, Dubai&nbsp; can outrun bothersome media and all care.&nbsp;&nbsp; Wherever she travels, lesser craft give way&nbsp; to her commanding presence. Dubai serves as&nbsp;&nbsp; a private portable island only the ultra elite can&nbsp; afford. For royalty, nothing but the best will do. Number 6 - Motor/Sailing Yacht A No expense was spared creating this&nbsp;&nbsp; uniquely faceted vessel. Owned by billionaire&nbsp; Russian tycoon Andrey Melnichenko. With its&nbsp;&nbsp; unconventional angular profile resembling&nbsp; a stealth warship, Motor Yacht A measures&nbsp;&nbsp; nearly 400 feet long and provides occasional&nbsp; accommodation for 14 guests across 7 decks. Melnichenko commissioned renowned Blohm + Voss&nbsp; shipyards to construct his dream yacht, delivered&nbsp;&nbsp; after four years of secretive development in 2008.&nbsp; Unverified estimates place the cost near $500&nbsp;&nbsp; million. But for someone of Melnichenko’s&nbsp; financial means, figures hardly matter. Instead of a traditional luxury&nbsp; aesthetic, lead designer Philippe&nbsp;&nbsp; Starck took inspiration from the 1930’s&nbsp; Art Deco movement when conceiving Motor&nbsp;&nbsp; Yacht A’s distinctive interior spaces.&nbsp; The result combines geometrical forms,&nbsp;&nbsp; polished metal finishes, and fluid curved&nbsp; details throughout her chambers. Melnichenko&nbsp;&nbsp; was closely involved in the design process,&nbsp; pushing for something totally original. Powered by twin high-output diesel engines,&nbsp; Motor Yacht A tops 30 knots at full throttle,&nbsp;&nbsp; equally at home crossing oceans or outracing&nbsp; paparazzi. Wherever she appears, dockside crowds&nbsp;&nbsp; stop and point at her unconventional silhouette&nbsp; that rises 14 stories above the waterline. Number 5 - Topaz Constructed by German yard Lürssen&nbsp;&nbsp; in 2012 for Abu Dhabi Royal Sheikh Mansour bin&nbsp; Zayed Al Nahyan. At nearly 500 feet in length and&nbsp;&nbsp; costing an estimated $527 million, Topaz secures a&nbsp; spot among the top five priciest yachts worldwide. The work of designers Tim&nbsp; Heywood and Terence Disdale,&nbsp;&nbsp; Topaz features generous exterior deck spaces&nbsp; perfect for sunbathing and alfresco dining,&nbsp;&nbsp; all spread across eight floors from sea&nbsp; to sky. Inside, up to 25 guests can be&nbsp;&nbsp; accommodated across 12 lavish staterooms,&nbsp; carefully tended by 60 diligent crew members. Topaz offers ample room for owners and their&nbsp; fortunate guests to mix public and private&nbsp;&nbsp; event spaces However they desire. She houses&nbsp; multiple lounges and bars, two pools, spas,&nbsp;&nbsp; movie theatres, and a grand central&nbsp; staircase under a domed atrium over&nbsp;&nbsp; 50 feet high. Twin diesel engines give&nbsp; Topaz transoceanic range and a top speed&nbsp;&nbsp; approaching 25 knots - enough performance&nbsp; for swift changes of scenery when desired. Number 4 - Azzam Now entering the&nbsp;&nbsp; pinnacle of opulent superyachts, at number&nbsp; 4 we find the largest private yacht ever&nbsp;&nbsp; constructed - the 590-foot giant named&nbsp; Azzam. Meticulously crafted by premier&nbsp;&nbsp; German yacht builder Lürssen starting in&nbsp; 2012, Azzam was commissioned by Sheikh&nbsp;&nbsp; Khalifa bin Zayed Al Nayan, President of the&nbsp; United Arab Emirates and Emir of Abu Dhabi. With a reported price near to $600&nbsp; million, Azzam stretches the limits&nbsp;&nbsp; of what is possible with personal yachts.&nbsp; She incorporates many technological firsts&nbsp;&nbsp; like extremely lightweight carbon fiber&nbsp; construction and the latest propulsion&nbsp;&nbsp; and navigation systems. Guests can enjoy&nbsp; a grand saloon, multiple spas and pools,&nbsp;&nbsp; cascading staircases and staterooms able&nbsp; to accommodate over 60 in sublime comfort. Azzam seems to eclipse all rivals in every&nbsp; way. Her top speed exceeds 31 knots thanks&nbsp;&nbsp; to propulsion power unrivaled on the seas -&nbsp; 36 megawatt turbines outputting over 64,000&nbsp;&nbsp; horsepower, more thrust than a Space Shuttle&nbsp; launch! Clearly Sheikh Al Nayan invested&nbsp;&nbsp; top dollar to guarantee Azzam's reign as the&nbsp; ultimate superyacht flagship for decades to come. The fortunate owner can roam the oceans protected&nbsp; by layers of security in total privacy. After all,&nbsp;&nbsp; what is the purpose of great wealth if not&nbsp; assurance of complete peace? Azzam delivers&nbsp;&nbsp; this promise on a nearly incomprehensible&nbsp; scale. Wherever she enters port, all other&nbsp;&nbsp; vessels, structures and people become&nbsp; relatively insignificant by comparison. Number 3 - Streets of Monaco Now into the billion-dollar sector,&nbsp;&nbsp; at number 3 we find the under-construction&nbsp; superyacht Streets of Monaco. Measuring over&nbsp;&nbsp; 570 feet in length when complete, this&nbsp; $1 billion aquatic showcase conception&nbsp;&nbsp; of Yacht Island Design will mimic actual&nbsp; city streets and landmarks of Monaco. Guests will feel as if they are perusing Monte&nbsp; Carlo and the Grand Prix supercar circuit,&nbsp;&nbsp; all while enjoying the ultimate luxury amenities.&nbsp; The upper decks will house lavish lounges,&nbsp;&nbsp; cocktail bars, infinity pools&nbsp; and open air spaces to relax,&nbsp;&nbsp; dine and party. For recreation, full-sized&nbsp; golf greens and tennis courts are planned. Below decks, living quarters for 16&nbsp; elite guests will be finished to the&nbsp;&nbsp; highest standards of comfort, technology and&nbsp; taste. Crew facilities will accommodate over&nbsp;&nbsp; 70 staff members that cater to owners'&nbsp; every need regardless of the hour. Yes,&nbsp;&nbsp; Streets of Monaco will blend transportation&nbsp; with entertainment in an unprecedented way. No expense will be spared, from the genuine&nbsp; Formula 1 cars owner can race around the deck, to&nbsp;&nbsp; the swarovski crystal-studded jacuzzi, champagne&nbsp; bar and helicopter landing pad. Advanced dynamic&nbsp;&nbsp; positioning and GPS hybrid drive systems will&nbsp; enable her to remain stationary without anchors. Slated for unveiling in 2024, this&nbsp; billion-dollar vessel aims to redefine&nbsp;&nbsp; the limits of what is possible in&nbsp; a privately owned superyacht. For&nbsp;&nbsp; the ultra-wealthy designers of Streets&nbsp; of Monaco, only their imaginations set&nbsp;&nbsp; boundaries. She will undoubtedly turn&nbsp; heads wherever she eventually sails. Number 2 - Eclipse Occupying the number two spot is the grand&nbsp;&nbsp; superyacht Eclipse, owned by Russian billionaire&nbsp; and industrial tycoon Roman Abramovich.&nbsp;&nbsp; Constructed in 2010 by the esteemed German&nbsp; shipyard Blohm + Voss, Eclipse measures over&nbsp;&nbsp; 550 feet long and reportedly cost Mr. Abramovich&nbsp; $1.5 billion, more than the GDP of some nations! Yes, no expense was spared designing Eclipse&nbsp; as the ultimate personal luxury liner. Some&nbsp;&nbsp; highlights include 24 elegantly appointed&nbsp; guest cabins that can welcome over 90 crew&nbsp;&nbsp; and visitors across vast deck spaces and saloons.&nbsp; She also features two swimming pools, hot tubs,&nbsp;&nbsp; a private cinema, beauty salon, spa, and of&nbsp; course, a helicopter hangar and landing pad. The nine-deck master suite spans two entire&nbsp; levels and is completely bulletproof,&nbsp;&nbsp; with armored plating and panels throughout.&nbsp; Eclipse was also the first private yacht to&nbsp;&nbsp; install an intruder detection system&nbsp; with missile countermeasures! She can&nbsp;&nbsp; accommodate parties of nearly 100&nbsp; thanks to enormous interior volume. Powered by four MTU diesel engines, Eclipse&nbsp; reaches over 20 knots despite her tremendous&nbsp;&nbsp; size and weight. Yes, she provides Roman&nbsp; Abramovich with his own portable private&nbsp;&nbsp; island able to spirit him away in secrecy&nbsp; and safety to any ocean destination. Number 1 - History Supreme Though not the largest in size,&nbsp;&nbsp; her lavish use of precious metals throughout make&nbsp; her the priciest private yacht ever sold at an&nbsp;&nbsp; astonishing $4.8 billion dollars! Conceived and&nbsp; constructed by UK luxury designer Stuart Hughes,&nbsp;&nbsp; she was built for an anonymous Malaysian&nbsp; businessman who clearly valued exclusivity. Let's consider what exactly $4 billion can&nbsp; buy. The entire base of History Supreme is&nbsp;&nbsp; formed from 10,000 kilograms of&nbsp; solid gold. The master bedroom&nbsp;&nbsp; includes wall art made from meteoric&nbsp; stone and genuine dinosaur bone! A&nbsp;&nbsp; platinum coated Monopoly board with diamond&nbsp; playing pieces also graces the interior. Throughout her spaces, surfaces are coated&nbsp; with precious metals - 100 million-year-old&nbsp;&nbsp; Northumberland platinum, meteorite slices,&nbsp; gold flakes and accents. Even mundane&nbsp;&nbsp; features like door hinges, tap handles and&nbsp; stunt rails are fashioned from platinum,&nbsp;&nbsp; gold and silver. No detail or material was&nbsp; too precious for use somewhere onboard. Without question, no private yacht rivals the&nbsp; sheer decadence and value of History Supreme.&nbsp;&nbsp; She fulfills the elite notion that anything can be&nbsp; built, regardless of cost, if one simply wills it.&nbsp;&nbsp; Her sheer extravagance has cemented her place as&nbsp; the undisputed champion of luxury vessels. Yes,&nbsp;&nbsp; she is a golden symbol representing mankind's&nbsp; limitless appetite for ever greater opulence.

  Top Comments:
  1. @EliteLuxury1 [21 likes]: Please subscribe to our new channel to continue watching luxury videos, as we’re not allowed to post new videos on this channel until further notice.
https://youtube.com/@paragonluxe?si=97jjRB8Fg1Ibbp5q
  2. @professfuckerQueens [1 likes]: Inside The $9,000,000,000 Most Insanely Expensive Yachts
  3. @AbdellahBenina [1 likes]: 🇦🇷💞🇧🇷💞🇫🇷💞🇵🇰💞🇪🇸💞🇹🇷💞🇨🇭💞💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💞💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💞💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💞💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💞💞💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎
  4. @AngelInTheCloudz [1 likes]: GREED at its finest.
  5. @Gillozz: Not a single day i would trade my life for this
  6. @claudemaley2260: Meanwhile, BILLIONS are close to starvation across the planet!! WHEN will these Narcissists ever think one minute about the plight of the world population. Disgusting opulence
  7. @عبدالحيجاهمي: زوج ملاير دولار وست مائة مليار دولار كاش بضبط 💵💵سميربن عيسى بضبط
  8. @Mark-h1i3k: AI at its best.
  9. @jondoyle4398: Started out impressively,   then it turned obscene,  some disgustingly selfish people on this Earth ?
  10. @mayamoimayamoi5215: someday there'll be memory implants that will make a person feel they're living this life without having to live it.
  11. @michellescarborough16: No matter what it cost, it still can sink!  This is all about ego's. This doesn't impress me at all. What impresses me is what is priceless and doesn't cost a thing. You figure that one out.
  12. @blidzshon1966: I wonder how many of these people were regular at Little Saint-James, or whose name are on certain files... These guys bought their little own paradise to avoid the hellish society they build when gathering at the WEF. Those yatchs are magnificent, yet pure obscene luxury, this is sickening
  13. @vukasnerma4126: I would love to be a simple millionaire, enjoying life in a simple way. if you know the low points.
  14. @nancyhogue4345: does Donald Trump own one of these?
  15. @fredscott857: Intelligent people.........if you believe you have received ❤ Beautiful
  16. @stayhumble4ever: And we get side eyes when we want a family car..
  17. @GeraghtyAD51: History has always had absurd wealth concentrated in a small fraction of 1% of the population. As unfortunate as it is, no human civilization or form of government has overcome this.
  18. @steveskonberg1599: 9 billion? I don’t think so.
  19. @Dechantel-v8d: These are simply breathtaking I didn't know Africa was poor every country has gold and diamonds mines America has banks ❤❤😂
  20. @AlcidesUrriola-m7o: No LOVE lomo

- Selling a $130M Superyacht - Mega Yachts - 0 EP0 - Reality Documentary: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Monaco playground of the global Elite and&nbsp; a favorite of British billionaires where to belong&nbsp;&nbsp; you must have the Mansions the jewelry and the&nbsp; cars but there's a secret world which only the&nbsp;&nbsp; wealthiest of the one percent inhabit the world of&nbsp; the mega yacht today's Yachts are the manor houses&nbsp;&nbsp; of Europe measuring up to 200 meters in length&nbsp; and with more horsepower than 10 Formula One cars&nbsp;&nbsp; ultimate Billionaire's toys everything&nbsp; you see is Bulletproof on this boat&nbsp;&nbsp; but who are the owners you have to ask what&nbsp; it costs you probably can't afford it why do&nbsp;&nbsp; they buy these boats it's all about six or seven&nbsp; stars first class or no class who looks after them&nbsp;&nbsp; boy he's just been sacked hopefully everything&nbsp; has absolute protection and to what lens will&nbsp;&nbsp; owners go to outshine each other nobody really&nbsp; needs a submarine honey yacht this is James&nbsp;&nbsp; bronstad here who have to get one immediately&nbsp; with super Yachts at the heart of a growing&nbsp;&nbsp; industry worth 24 billion pounds a year the&nbsp; showing off culminates at the Monaco yacht&nbsp;&nbsp; show these boats are getting bigger and bigger&nbsp; and bigger the ultimate competition where size will bigger really be better&nbsp; suppose the question is why&nbsp;&nbsp; I suppose the flipping answer&nbsp; is because I can [Music] Monaco boasts more billionaires per&nbsp; square meter than anywhere on the planet&nbsp;&nbsp; and many of them are British excitement is&nbsp; growing as 120 of the world's most expensive&nbsp;&nbsp; Yachts are beginning to Cruise in [Music] all of&nbsp; them for sale at the upcoming yacht show it's a&nbsp;&nbsp; chance for boating royalty to parade their prized&nbsp; possessions Mega Yachts ranging in length from 40.&nbsp;&nbsp; 55 meters one of the tycoons will be going to the&nbsp; show is Doug Barrowman [Music] he mainly lives on&nbsp;&nbsp; the Isle of Man I've got five forms around&nbsp; the world and this is settler the biggest from Glasgow really you know there&nbsp; you go [Music] Doug was a chartered&nbsp;&nbsp; accountant but he's built an Empire after&nbsp; setting up his own private Equity company&nbsp;&nbsp; and with millions in the bank Doug who separated&nbsp; has created the ultimate in Bachelor pads in his&nbsp;&nbsp; main home I think all guys are children&nbsp; at heart really uh we still like to enjoy&nbsp;&nbsp; life and do the things we did as younger men&nbsp; you know whether it's play pool whether it's&nbsp;&nbsp; hang out with your friends playing cards or&nbsp; just have a good night out really um I think&nbsp;&nbsp; it's all part of the package isn't it Doug Loves&nbsp; Fine Art fast cars and the better things in life&nbsp;&nbsp; but his greatest love is his 55 meter&nbsp; yacht which cost him over 20 million pounds&nbsp;&nbsp; that boat is turquoise complete replica&nbsp; of what the what the real the real yacht&nbsp;&nbsp; looks like I always like to smile when I go on&nbsp; board and stop smiling only when I leave [Music]&nbsp;&nbsp; Doug holidays on his yacht turquoise&nbsp; nine weeks of the year with his family&nbsp;&nbsp; yes yes looking good isn't it like most of the&nbsp; Yachts turquoise's Hull is made of steel with an&nbsp;&nbsp; aluminum superstructure it can reach a top speed&nbsp; of 17 miles per hour you've actually got to just&nbsp;&nbsp; sometimes pinch yourself to see uh do I really&nbsp; honestly he employs 13 full-time crew 52 weeks&nbsp;&nbsp; a year to provide him and his guests Around&nbsp; the Clock Seven Star service I never say no&nbsp;&nbsp; to that turquoise glasses as well all the best&nbsp; you have to spend on something there's a limit&nbsp;&nbsp; to how many houses you can have any private air&nbsp; travel so therefore a lot of people come to the&nbsp;&nbsp; conclusion I'm going to have one of these&nbsp; he bought turquoise second hand and spent&nbsp;&nbsp; over 3 million pounds completely refurbishing&nbsp; the four decks and 10 rooms to his own design&nbsp;&nbsp; I think I'd have to say that everything&nbsp; you look at is expensive on the job Doug's also added powerful jet skis underwater&nbsp; scooters accessories can cost up to a million&nbsp;&nbsp; pounds extra but he's still not satisfied [Music]&nbsp; now he's thinking about building a bigger boat&nbsp;&nbsp; British designer Johnny horsefield is experienced&nbsp; in helping multi-millionaires like Doug spend&nbsp;&nbsp; their money wisely there's not much missing off&nbsp; this boat really I mean okay a dedicated gym&nbsp;&nbsp; and a beach club I think is probably and I know&nbsp; Johnny and I have got to know what each other like&nbsp;&nbsp; uh what I like through uh endless hours together&nbsp; really talking about this boat designing this boat&nbsp;&nbsp; I think we've got another boat in us&nbsp; really it could cost Doug 50 million pounds&nbsp;&nbsp; back in London Johnny's working on several&nbsp; projects where his clients want bigger boats&nbsp;&nbsp; talking about adding another meter into the thing&nbsp; it started out at something like 85 feet it's&nbsp;&nbsp; now 105 feet so um it's easy to say let's just&nbsp; increase it but actually it's a heck of a lot&nbsp;&nbsp; of work for us if they know they're gonna have&nbsp; to pay for it that kind of focuses their minds&nbsp;&nbsp; a bit and the other thing is of course they keep&nbsp; seeing new ideas you've done all this work and you&nbsp;&nbsp; know they come back oh actually I quite like this&nbsp; now and listen so that's cool staying in the best&nbsp;&nbsp; all the time her friends Yachts all the&nbsp; time so it's kind of quite competitive I&nbsp;&nbsp; think as well most owners trade in their super&nbsp; Yachts for something new after just three years&nbsp;&nbsp; one person who's also looking for something&nbsp; bigger and better is London property magnate&nbsp;&nbsp; Howard Raymond Soho is coming to&nbsp; Monaco I am it's not quite Soho to me&nbsp;&nbsp; Howard inherited an 80 million pound property&nbsp; Empire from his entrepreneur Father Paul Raymond&nbsp;&nbsp; and now he's worth substantially more he runs&nbsp; several large companies from his London base&nbsp;&nbsp; he's in Monaco because his ambition is&nbsp; to take a year out from business and say&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm kind of in the market for a slightly&nbsp; bigger boat this one's uh 30 meters and&nbsp;&nbsp; it's great for the med but it's not much&nbsp; good to go transatlantic or into the&nbsp;&nbsp; Indian Ocean where you need a different&nbsp; type of boat for that go hit that boat&nbsp;&nbsp; but this Londoner could be a fish out of water&nbsp; at the Monaco yacht show I kind of like Russell&nbsp;&nbsp; radio you know it's like Marseille and Soho&nbsp; and things like that so this is quite refined&nbsp;&nbsp; here extremely ostentatious very over the top but&nbsp; it's very much like going to Vegas you have to go&nbsp;&nbsp; to Vegas to see it to believe it and you have to&nbsp; go to the Monaco yacht show to for a very similar&nbsp;&nbsp; reason you have to be a little bit loopy to buy&nbsp; a boat but we make our choice in life some people&nbsp;&nbsp; buy wine some people buy good food some people&nbsp; buy cars um I quite like both so I buy boats&nbsp;&nbsp; to pursue his dreams Howard will have a&nbsp; choice of plenty of boats at the Yacht show&nbsp;&nbsp; where there'll be over 120 yachts and&nbsp; state-of-the-art accessories on sale Reuben&nbsp;&nbsp; Nelson is an ex-british naval officer turned sales&nbsp; broker fairy Barn is now arriving into Monaco&nbsp;&nbsp; he just has to persuade wealthy people like Howard&nbsp; to spend their Millions on buying a yacht spending&nbsp;&nbsp; power is huge obviously there's no sort of Holds&nbsp; Barred they're not going to go down to the littles&nbsp;&nbsp; or the waitrosees of this world they're going to&nbsp; go to the nice suppliers it's all about six seven&nbsp;&nbsp; stars first class or no class everyone gets&nbsp; a piece of that by yeah I mean that's that's&nbsp;&nbsp; our pie that's what we eat as a broker Rupert can&nbsp; make up to five percent commission on sales over&nbsp;&nbsp; 100 million pounds there is a misconception that&nbsp; selling big luxury toys has got to be a breeze you&nbsp;&nbsp; go to parties you chat up all the models the fact&nbsp; is owners are difficult they are rich they expect&nbsp;&nbsp; to get their own way and they want to win so when&nbsp; the owner gets upset or the buyer starts saying&nbsp;&nbsp; you're taking the Michael here you are a shock&nbsp; absorber where the two of them would swing at each&nbsp;&nbsp; other you there take the swinging you get the hit&nbsp; and at the very very end when the money's about to&nbsp;&nbsp; change hand the emotion levels are very high it's&nbsp; not a safe place to be sometimes so you've got to&nbsp;&nbsp; be very careful Rupert spends the year traveling&nbsp; the globe to seal his deals The Monaco show brings&nbsp;&nbsp; the market to him this is the biggest boat show&nbsp; probably ever staged in terms of the combined&nbsp;&nbsp; value of the assets I suspect you're probably&nbsp; Way Way north of a couple of billion euros&nbsp;&nbsp; and out of all the Yachts for sale this year&nbsp; thanks TiVo thank you Rupert has the biggest&nbsp;&nbsp; that's the money shot I showed you the size&nbsp;&nbsp; measuring 85 meters with a cruising range of 6&nbsp; 000 miles and costing 130 million pounds Solange&nbsp;&nbsp; is the most expensive boat at the upcoming show&nbsp; ideally the best client is a billionaire obviously&nbsp;&nbsp; because it's 175 million euros because he was&nbsp; an older guy that could be a plus because he's&nbsp;&nbsp; ready to retire Chuck it all in tell the company&nbsp; buy the op and youth might be good too because it&nbsp;&nbsp; means he's got somebody who's impatient a little&nbsp; bit spontaneous you might say yeah I'll have it&nbsp;&nbsp; back on super yacht turquoise Scottish&nbsp; multi-millionaire Doug Barrowman is contemplating&nbsp;&nbsp; costs in particular the cost of running a yacht&nbsp; on the high seas a fifteen thousand pound work of&nbsp;&nbsp; art has hit the deck there's an example of some&nbsp; damage that we've had today that's probably a 20&nbsp;&nbsp; 000 Euro sculpture it's really disappointing that&nbsp; but it happens you know we'll deal with it we'll&nbsp;&nbsp; replace it and there's a bigger expense on the&nbsp; horizon he's planning on selling turquoise in&nbsp;&nbsp; order to spend 50 million pounds on a massive&nbsp; 67 meter mega yacht the advice we're taking&nbsp;&nbsp; is that it's a good time to seller so that we&nbsp; can invest the money in perhaps a larger vessel&nbsp;&nbsp; perhaps we will sell her perhaps we won't we&nbsp; just need to see to realize his dream Doug is&nbsp;&nbsp; taking turquoise to the Monaco yacho to try and&nbsp; sell her in competition in hundreds other owners it's the countdown to Monaco's annual yacho the&nbsp; world's wealthiest people many Brits among them&nbsp;&nbsp; will be amassing to buy sell and show off their&nbsp; multi-million pound Mega yachts they'll expect&nbsp;&nbsp; their prize toys to look as good as new cleaning&nbsp; up after billionaires can have its Rewards&nbsp;&nbsp; crew can earn over 40 000 pounds tax-free a year&nbsp; as much as nine thousand pounds in a single tip&nbsp;&nbsp; just outside of Monaco is a boot camp for wannabe&nbsp; yacht crew lean in played in line with the table&nbsp;&nbsp; hair trainees have to impress their tutor Terry&nbsp; Gilmore right who teaches me to do Silver Service&nbsp;&nbsp; we teach them how to do Russian service Butler&nbsp; Service we teach them to do bedrooms bathrooms&nbsp;&nbsp; back of house which includes even holding a tea&nbsp; towel Terry started out as a laborer in Dorset but&nbsp;&nbsp; gave it up for a more lucrative career he's spent&nbsp; 30 years on super Yachts serving the world's most&nbsp;&nbsp; demanding clients I'd like you to serve please&nbsp; and this is somebody coming in to do the course&nbsp;&nbsp; for the first time they've never done silver&nbsp; surface and he wants to work online for the&nbsp;&nbsp; ultimate is that you have to be able to do Silver&nbsp; Service as you can see he's just got his board on&nbsp;&nbsp; average we have 30 40 applicants a day looking for&nbsp; work and out of those 30 to 40 applicants we may&nbsp;&nbsp; have two or three that we think are suitable for&nbsp; Yachts it is an attractive industry which attracts&nbsp;&nbsp; Attractive people it's as simple as that and&nbsp; that's what's required the extra is that they're&nbsp;&nbsp; pretty good instead of pretty awful he doesn't&nbsp; know what he's doing and boy he's just been sacked&nbsp;&nbsp; as well as training them Terry also provides clues&nbsp; for super yacht owners let's say you had six Miss&nbsp;&nbsp; worlds on your boat and the owner's wife wasn't as&nbsp; attractive as the others of course she's going to&nbsp;&nbsp; get upset it's Human Nature is it all so you just&nbsp; make sure that you've got one Miss World and five&nbsp;&nbsp; others not so attractive now the wife is opposite&nbsp; and so if he's got two hands she's got two hands&nbsp;&nbsp; under the table and her husband's got a smile&nbsp; that does not work so basically it really is a&nbsp;&nbsp; turn in down and across there's a lot of clearing&nbsp; the table there is an art of speaking at the table&nbsp;&nbsp; to the guests there's certain words you don't say&nbsp; the worst one is awesome what I mean who says what&nbsp;&nbsp; you say pardon I did have the sex on them&nbsp; once for saying potatoes at the table it&nbsp;&nbsp; was to do with raw circles and you do not speak&nbsp; at the table and this girl said potato sir quite&nbsp;&nbsp; simply if you're not what the only requires or&nbsp; the capturing Crush you're off on super yacht&nbsp;&nbsp; seaflower the crew are all well aware of the&nbsp; rules of the job they are busy preparing for&nbsp;&nbsp; the arrival of their thrill-seeking Scottish owner&nbsp; Lord Irvin Laidlaw he made Millions from creating&nbsp;&nbsp; one of the world's largest conference organizing&nbsp; businesses his company set up the Monaco yacht&nbsp;&nbsp; 72 he spends over nine weeks of the year on his&nbsp; boat with room for 10 guests first of all you've&nbsp;&nbsp; got to know that I'm officially retired so life&nbsp; is meant to be holiday all the time is its primary&nbsp;&nbsp; purpose is to be a boat that is enjoyable to be&nbsp; on board a boat that is beautiful to look at both&nbsp;&nbsp; inside and out see flowers should be Immaculate if&nbsp; it doesn't fulfill that then the crew get changed&nbsp;&nbsp; Lindsay from Glasgow is one of Lord laidlaw's&nbsp; eight full-time crew earning nearly 30 000 a&nbsp;&nbsp; year is a stewardess it's an all-consuming&nbsp; job making beds daily chore we always want&nbsp;&nbsp; it to look like it's never been slept in before&nbsp; it's what people come to expect on a super yacht&nbsp;&nbsp; head Stuart s Kaylee who comes from Bournemouth&nbsp; earns nearly 40 000 a year she's responsible for&nbsp;&nbsp; the upkeep of every little item you have to have&nbsp; an overwhelming attention to detail and basically&nbsp;&nbsp; everything has to be absolute perfection our role&nbsp; is to worry about it and then worry about it some&nbsp;&nbsp; more in overall command of Lord laidlaw's boat&nbsp; is Captain Matt [Music] don't really appear to be&nbsp;&nbsp; moving forward at the moment when you're trying to&nbsp; manage a floating stately home any small accident&nbsp;&nbsp; can AST these particular owners have three&nbsp; dogs Standard Poodles so rather large dogs&nbsp;&nbsp; which are delightful but dogs bring the whole&nbsp; range of extra issues that one has to deal with&nbsp;&nbsp; if you need to what was that that was a dog&nbsp; accident which we're not going to be able&nbsp;&nbsp; to remove so we're going to probably&nbsp; have to put a cut in the carpet here extravagant thanks to her and you can't justify&nbsp; them in any way whatsoever so you have to love&nbsp;&nbsp; them because if you don't love them you're&nbsp; certainly going to resent the expense [Music]&nbsp;&nbsp; for the man who has everything a&nbsp; super yacht can become an obsession&nbsp;&nbsp; back in the Isle of Man multi-millionaire Doug&nbsp; Barrowman is pushing ahead with his dream to&nbsp;&nbsp; build a 67 meter mega yacht to replace&nbsp; his 55-meter one I just basically have&nbsp;&nbsp; a passion to build something bigger really&nbsp; as a as an achievement for me me personally&nbsp;&nbsp; Johnny horsefield has drawn up some plans for&nbsp; a project that could cost 50 million pounds&nbsp;&nbsp; with so much at stake expectations are high oh I&nbsp; just lifted the uh the feet off the shoe of the&nbsp;&nbsp; it was back on Johnny otherwise all of the&nbsp; carpet Lots on my handmade silk carpets&nbsp;&nbsp; this is actually 67 meters and that was the&nbsp; profile that you you were pretty keen on and&nbsp;&nbsp; the beach club works because that's where&nbsp; people are going to spend most of the day&nbsp;&nbsp; chilled out down there I think the larger pool is&nbsp; important because these days quasi swimming pools&nbsp;&nbsp; are uninvoked but if you're going to build a board&nbsp; of this size it has to have all these ingredients&nbsp;&nbsp; dog expects all the mod cons on his new&nbsp; boat and we talked about the design stage&nbsp;&nbsp; you were going to build a touch and go helipad&nbsp; have you Incorporated uh I haven't actually&nbsp;&nbsp; um he's found something I haven't done you could&nbsp; see it's more of a gimmick than a practical uh&nbsp;&nbsp; usable thing but it's one of those boxes that are&nbsp; you're of this size could could have yeah I mean&nbsp;&nbsp; it's possible we can put it on whether whether&nbsp; it really get used that's a nice problem to have&nbsp;&nbsp; it was good to see you thank you very&nbsp; much for your time oh it was nice&nbsp;&nbsp; of you to sell cocktails and dreams&nbsp; all the best for now Johnny yes bye&nbsp;&nbsp; it's back to the drawing board for Johnny he's&nbsp; designed over 20 Mega yachts and is well aware&nbsp;&nbsp; that despite the owner's aspirations bigger isn't&nbsp; always better you get limited on where you can go&nbsp;&nbsp; you know you can't get into every Marina in a 80&nbsp; meter if you like the limit in Santa pares from&nbsp;&nbsp; like 50 meters so um you think oh guys only got a&nbsp; 50 meter but he's the one sat in Santa Fe having a&nbsp;&nbsp; party whereas you're out bobbing around you know&nbsp; in your 80 meter um you know with no friends but&nbsp;&nbsp; for some owners bigger is better Kismet 2 was&nbsp; one of the biggest boats exhibited at the Monaco&nbsp;&nbsp; yacht showed last year and is owned by American&nbsp; billionaire Shard Khan if you have to ask what it&nbsp;&nbsp; costs you probably can't afford it so he arrived&nbsp; in Chicago from Pakistan in 1967 as a penniless&nbsp;&nbsp; 16 year old took an engineering degree and started&nbsp; up a company making car bumpers Khan's bumpers are&nbsp;&nbsp; now attached to two-thirds of All American cars&nbsp; in a very small way this is a microcosm of the&nbsp;&nbsp; American dream his net worth is estimated&nbsp; at almost three and a half billion pounds&nbsp;&nbsp; he owns Fulham Football Club and the Jacksonville&nbsp; Jaguars American football team but his biggest&nbsp;&nbsp; challenge was building the 95 meter Kismet&nbsp; II with a gross tonnage weighing the same as&nbsp;&nbsp; 66 blue whales a lot of times size becomes&nbsp; a factor Shard had a vision for five decks&nbsp;&nbsp; eight State rooms a personal Wellness Center and&nbsp; a helipad and he also had a clear idea of the&nbsp;&nbsp; color scheme for lack of a better word I would say&nbsp; champagne and caviar that it's light and dark you&nbsp;&nbsp; know it took really not only a village took a city&nbsp; to build it and I'm very proud to be part of it&nbsp;&nbsp; Pascal Raymond and Brit Jason mcary&nbsp; were responsible for the Interiors&nbsp;&nbsp; they haven't seen Kismet too&nbsp; since it was fully completed&nbsp;&nbsp; now is this really good that you have in&nbsp; when you used to cross the Atlantic so&nbsp;&nbsp; it's a touch of Glam and elegance if you look at&nbsp; the staircase every lady was a beautiful evening&nbsp;&nbsp; dress would like to go down the staircase&nbsp; switch you on the group and have a drink&nbsp;&nbsp; we bring a dream they're here to inspect an&nbsp; elaborate chandelier fitted after the yacht&nbsp;&nbsp; was launched we had a space between the glass lift&nbsp; there's a nice way to bring some color some light&nbsp;&nbsp; the chandelier contains hundreds of individually&nbsp; hand-blown glass pieces this is extremely&nbsp;&nbsp; intricate but is extremely heavy so I think it's&nbsp; around 270 kilos on a boat you have to take out&nbsp;&nbsp; all the vibration so it's well supported&nbsp; because it's obviously extremely dangerous that's followed even even more list of rooms&nbsp; I love it because we're talking about dark&nbsp;&nbsp; and light is what you're having and it's a dark&nbsp; room with a sort of slight sauce in the center&nbsp;&nbsp; the walls are curved and it's really influenced&nbsp; by pushing out with Interiors like this costing&nbsp;&nbsp; over 20 million pounds everything has to have&nbsp; a wow factor when you design something you have&nbsp;&nbsp; to have a cast in mind but at the same time you&nbsp; can't just think of money because if you see the&nbsp;&nbsp; money we stop thinking of ideas I can't remember&nbsp; how many TVs we have in this shop yeah foreign [Music] of the world's Mega Yachts are built in Europe&nbsp; where the Brits are a vital part of the industry&nbsp;&nbsp; Tim Hayward and Andrew winch are the Godfathers&nbsp; of yacht design here we go wow they've created&nbsp;&nbsp; floating Empires to suit the demands of Roman&nbsp; Abramovich and the Saudi royal family today's&nbsp;&nbsp; Yachts are the the manor houses and great houses&nbsp; of of Europe they're in a gigantic Dutch Shipyard&nbsp;&nbsp; the birthplace of many of the boats at the Monaco&nbsp; yacho to check on their latest 85 meter creation&nbsp;&nbsp; the shipyards themselves are Cathedral&nbsp; spaces they're huge and but they're&nbsp;&nbsp; working machines to build these&nbsp; Yachts the whole boat is a mass&nbsp;&nbsp; of millions of details you think of the&nbsp; engineering thought that went into that&nbsp;&nbsp; they're now using Technologies developed in&nbsp; other Industries these days you get BMWs and&nbsp;&nbsp; other cars with parking facilities where you get&nbsp; to the space you press the button and it Parts&nbsp;&nbsp; itself there are Yachts that do the same thing&nbsp; super yacht owners constantly need designers to&nbsp;&nbsp; provide something out of the ordinary to impress&nbsp; their guests we're lying in bed and we have a&nbsp;&nbsp; panel interview 180 degrees what's unique to this&nbsp; boat is we have a full beam Spa on the lower level&nbsp;&nbsp; with its own water beach the left hand side is a&nbsp; big door that Tim has built into the side in his&nbsp;&nbsp; design and we have we we go up some steps so you&nbsp; can walk out you can have a swim in the sea and&nbsp;&nbsp; so we are all in the business of entertaining&nbsp; as well as pampering the owners they have to&nbsp;&nbsp; protect them Mega Yachts these days are often&nbsp; equipped with panic rooms and one or two even&nbsp;&nbsp; have a missile defense system first project&nbsp; I did with bulletproof glass was last century&nbsp;&nbsp; and the irony there was that the glass was&nbsp; Bulletproof but the superstructure was aluminum so&nbsp;&nbsp; if the client felt threatened he had to jump up on&nbsp; the windowsill and press himself against the glass&nbsp;&nbsp; there is no such thing as a normal&nbsp; Yacht for me glass bottom viewing&nbsp;&nbsp; rooms full operating theaters hospitals&nbsp; all of these things are outrageous for a&nbsp;&nbsp; few moments and then they become an obvious&nbsp; sensible requirement from the client [Music] sensible is not on the agenda 55 meter Mega Yachts&nbsp; alarmed is arriving a day ahead of the yacho&nbsp;&nbsp; she's the showpiece of the event and&nbsp; the pressures on broker Rupert Nelson&nbsp;&nbsp; to sell her for 130 million pounds&nbsp; they could by 760 Ferraris instead the Beast look at that&nbsp;&nbsp; largest shot in the show largest yacht ever for&nbsp; sale in this show four days I've got to try and&nbsp;&nbsp; Vlog it yeah that's my job obviously we're not&nbsp; lining up millions of appointments because the&nbsp;&nbsp; type of caliber of plant we're looking for&nbsp; is is one in a hundred even though there's 37&nbsp;&nbsp; 000 people on the dock we have to filter the week&nbsp; from the chaff keep the Riff Raff away Rupert's&nbsp;&nbsp; chances of selling Solange will be limited to&nbsp; the very highest echelons of super yacht Society Monaco yacho is about to open for business&nbsp;&nbsp; one time of the year that over 2 billion&nbsp; pounds worth of super Yachts will be on&nbsp;&nbsp; show for prospective buyers to inspect a&nbsp; mooring alone costs fifty thousand pounds&nbsp;&nbsp; his Royal Highness of Monaco Prince Albert II's&nbsp; arrival signals the start of the four-day event hundreds of British businesses are also here&nbsp;&nbsp; hoping to persuade billionaires to buy into&nbsp; the yachting dream this is our very latest&nbsp;&nbsp; creation that is made in in England it's&nbsp; English fine bone china Cobra skin and it's&nbsp;&nbsp; not only available in white gold we've got the&nbsp; very latest rose gold a dinner service such as&nbsp;&nbsp; that you know for you know for a 14 16 seater&nbsp; dining table would be in excess of six figures this year there are 120 yards up for&nbsp; sale with their own unique features&nbsp;&nbsp; but all competing for that elusive fire&nbsp;&nbsp; multi-millionaire Doug Barrowman is looking to&nbsp; find someone who'll love his yacht turquoise&nbsp;&nbsp; as much as him selling it for 20 million&nbsp; pounds will allow him to build a bigger boat&nbsp;&nbsp; it's one of those things we ask the people to&nbsp; to judge the yacht on our merits and somebody&nbsp;&nbsp; wants to buy and pay the right money&nbsp; then I'm a reluctant but willing seller&nbsp;&nbsp; broken Rupert is hoping to make the biggest&nbsp; sale of all measuring 85 meters and costing&nbsp;&nbsp; 130 million pounds Solange is the biggest&nbsp; and most expensive yacht at the show [Music]&nbsp;&nbsp; a former Navy Lieutenant Rupert's now spent 25&nbsp; years as a broker finessing the etiquette required&nbsp;&nbsp; to sell to the world's wealthiest they have an&nbsp; expectation when they walk into a hotel room it&nbsp;&nbsp; is it is they want that service everyone click&nbsp; their fingers hopefully but the smarts so we say&nbsp;&nbsp; provider not servant the provider of that service&nbsp; bitter yachty broker myself Captain Crew knows and&nbsp;&nbsp; expects what they want and therefore anticipates&nbsp; and that's why they never have to click their&nbsp;&nbsp; fingers foreign British entrepreneur Howard&nbsp; Raymond is also in the market for a deal [Music]&nbsp;&nbsp; looking for adventure and he's willing to spend&nbsp; up to 15 million pounds of his substantial Fortune what you never play your hat so you know&nbsp; so oh I must have it immediately but it&nbsp;&nbsp; seems that every time I see a boat I quite&nbsp; like everybody his mother wants it so it's&nbsp;&nbsp; been on the market for four years and&nbsp; now everybody everybody wants a boat&nbsp;&nbsp; he could be in luck today as rookie broker&nbsp; Henry Smith is looking to make a quick sale&nbsp;&nbsp; on an 8 million pound yacht [Music] but is this&nbsp; the boat of Howard's dreams hey Henry morning it represents a very very good deal and&nbsp; as we know everyone's loves a good deal&nbsp;&nbsp; so we'll see what we can do at eight&nbsp; million pounds It's relatively cheap&nbsp;&nbsp; certainly one of the best but Howard still&nbsp; expects the best in design and accessories&nbsp;&nbsp; there's a full rubber shower which goes rigid&nbsp; when you put water through it all right okay I must buy it immediately and then&nbsp; there's the question of the previous&nbsp;&nbsp; owner's taste this is the master coming&nbsp; forward and then here is the bathroom&nbsp;&nbsp; yeah typical Italians having a really funky&nbsp; bathroom you can almost certainly tell when you&nbsp;&nbsp; walk into an Italian bathroom always because they&nbsp; always have annoyingly shaped sink I it doesn't&nbsp;&nbsp; it's not round I mean it's very very difficult&nbsp; to clean and not your friend if you're trying&nbsp;&nbsp; to use a cloth that's for sure but at the end&nbsp; of the day how it's not cleaning the bathroom whilst that is very true&nbsp;&nbsp; um how is a person who's cleaning the bathroom&nbsp; might also be wanting to be serving how to drink&nbsp;&nbsp; I mean a lot of the new bows now after designers&nbsp; have never been to Sea who designing what they&nbsp;&nbsp; think a boat should be with lots of sharp edges&nbsp; so that when you bang your head or your legs&nbsp;&nbsp; when you're at Sea it really hurts a lot of our&nbsp; statements and I'm not looking for a statement I'm&nbsp;&nbsp; looking for a boat that is comfortable it's&nbsp; homeless and takes all of my boxes [Music] the search continues yeah getting&nbsp; the yacht you really want means&nbsp;&nbsp; paying tens of millions of pounds&nbsp; and building from scratch [Music]&nbsp;&nbsp; Pascal Raymond and her design partner Andrew&nbsp; Langton are at their Riviera Beach House cross&nbsp;&nbsp; between James Bond and 15 guns they have a crucial&nbsp; meeting at the boat show with American billionaire&nbsp;&nbsp; Herb Chambers he left the Navy to work as a&nbsp; photocopier repairman and the Cadillac dealership&nbsp;&nbsp; after being disappointed with the service the&nbsp; 72 year old car dealer is now believed to be&nbsp;&nbsp; worth 1.2 billion pounds he's had seven yachts and&nbsp; wants to see designs for an eight he wants it to&nbsp;&nbsp; look elegant for the fast we're on to something&nbsp; which is getting him excited and wetting his&nbsp;&nbsp; appetite herb spent over 300 million dollars&nbsp; on yachts and expects the best for his buck&nbsp;&nbsp; her clients who can remember every word every&nbsp; conversation you've ever had with them they&nbsp;&nbsp; are incredibly intelligent people so they&nbsp; keep you on your toes you know so you yeah&nbsp;&nbsp; yeah you can't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] anybody hey Andrew&nbsp; Pascal each year that goes by the boats&nbsp;&nbsp; become much more custom you want to stay on&nbsp; the Leading Edge of design I think that's an&nbsp;&nbsp; incentive in wanting to get a new one I've come&nbsp; up with three sketches of a 60 meter version&nbsp;&nbsp; even more racy even more sporty this one's got a&nbsp; sun deck and then like a big big roof I think we&nbsp;&nbsp; could make something really really special looking&nbsp; well yeah I'm trying to think of something where&nbsp;&nbsp; I can still get it to sink parts but you have&nbsp; something different you know before herb spends&nbsp;&nbsp; any of his millions he'll have to be convinced his&nbsp; new yacht is unlike any other and I can put the&nbsp;&nbsp; rescue boat down here under the deck owners don't&nbsp; care about what other people have it's not true no everybody everybody wants to have a nicer boat&nbsp; there's one thing's for sure you'll never ever&nbsp;&nbsp; ever have the biggest problem he may not want&nbsp; the biggest but he wants to see all the extras&nbsp;&nbsp; then this is like a hot tub so if you did want to&nbsp; have a helipad we could fill that in and just have&nbsp;&nbsp; the sun deck so you've got three cabins a cluster&nbsp; Jam yeah we can do big glass panels here as well a difference this is only the beginning it could&nbsp; be years before herbs satisfied with the design&nbsp;&nbsp; they don't try to push their ideas on me they&nbsp; try to give me ideas that I think are mine and&nbsp;&nbsp; then they develop them to something that&nbsp; really turns out to be beautiful bye-bye like many billionaire owners her brings his&nbsp; boat out to other wealthy holiday makers&nbsp;&nbsp; it's called chartering a week's break on the&nbsp; largest Mega Yachts for 12 people can cost&nbsp;&nbsp; up to one million pounds Howard Raymond also&nbsp; Charters his yacht and is always on the lookout&nbsp;&nbsp; for accessories to outdo the competition&nbsp; why not a state-of-the-art mini submarine for um they always want to be ahead of the&nbsp; game so we have to be ahead of the game&nbsp;&nbsp; 16 hours underwater in air-conditioned luxury can&nbsp; drive the submarine with distance that was the big&nbsp;&nbsp; question is no so it goes well what happens next&nbsp; and we never hear anything in that day yeah yeah&nbsp;&nbsp; the land of safety features um for example&nbsp; the the dead man trigger yeah if something&nbsp;&nbsp; were to happen with me it will bring you up&nbsp; to the surface I've got to tell you this is&nbsp;&nbsp; great it's very good man what's delivery on this&nbsp; one uh delivery on this unit is about a year the&nbsp;&nbsp; last year has been extremely good for us so the&nbsp; recession's over there well in this case yeah that's great so I suppose it's a numbers&nbsp; game there this model is about 2.3 million&nbsp;&nbsp; euros yes yeah and then you can add some&nbsp; options lights manipulator arms cameras&nbsp;&nbsp; so but it includes training and everything&nbsp; you need to operate it right okay&nbsp;&nbsp; yeah so the smaller one as well yeah&nbsp; that one starts at 1.5 million with&nbsp;&nbsp; 100 meter versions multi-millionaire Howard&nbsp; buying a submarine is a drop in the ocean that's really interesting it's really interesting&nbsp; it would be the only boat in the mail that's doing&nbsp;&nbsp; that it is actually completely insane yeah this&nbsp; isn't everyday life and look at that man [Music]&nbsp;&nbsp; this is James brother's stuff here&nbsp; we have to get one immediately two days into the show and broker Rupert is still&nbsp; on a mission to sell Solange 130 million pounds&nbsp;&nbsp; the most expensive yacht in town [Music] potential&nbsp; buyers have loved the jacuzzi and cinematic so&nbsp;&nbsp; keen on the first room they see launches elaborate&nbsp; main Lounge a lot of clients are sensitive to&nbsp;&nbsp; choose the word very carefully bright or strong&nbsp; features or colors or bold statements that could&nbsp;&nbsp; turn them off on a boat like this you're looking&nbsp; at 175 million euros you know to make sure that&nbsp;&nbsp; you impress from the moment they get on the boat&nbsp; ever the salesman Rupert has devised a tour that&nbsp;&nbsp; leaves the colorful Decor of the lounge&nbsp; until last so something that's not quite&nbsp;&nbsp; um accommodating you leave it till you've&nbsp; managed to educate a little bit persuade&nbsp;&nbsp; cajole impress so by the time you come here&nbsp; it's not a punch in the face it's not a shock&nbsp;&nbsp; and I think you're you're you're better equipped&nbsp; to deal with it Rupert's luck could be about to&nbsp;&nbsp; change his best chance of making a sale has&nbsp; just appeared on the horizon foreign [Music] over 30 000 people many of them&nbsp; British are attending [Music]&nbsp;&nbsp; they're all Keen to take a peek inside the 120&nbsp; floating homes of the Hooper Ridge up for sale Brokers like Rupert Nelson have to&nbsp; be able to spot the serious buyers&nbsp;&nbsp; the one percent of the one percent the watch&nbsp; might give it away jewelry might give it away&nbsp;&nbsp; I mean there's no way he's bought his wife a&nbsp; five thousand dollar engagement ring she'll&nbsp;&nbsp; have something with several carrots it sounds&nbsp; a bit sort of voyeurism you've got to look at&nbsp;&nbsp; them and Ogle a bit but you're looking at&nbsp; the cut of the hair the way the face is is&nbsp;&nbsp; it so does it show it's been lived in or has it&nbsp; actually been looked after you know so far only&nbsp;&nbsp; 30 exclusive visitors have been allowed to come&nbsp; aboard the 130 million pound boat Solange even&nbsp;&nbsp; Lord sugar with his estimated 1.4 billion pounds&nbsp; doesn't seem to have been tempted to buy the boat but all is not lost a serious buyer&nbsp; has just sailed onto the horizon&nbsp;&nbsp; a secret American billionaire has sent his&nbsp; British representative to buy him a yacht [Music]&nbsp;&nbsp; but Rupert's worried Solange's overly purple&nbsp; main Lounge could be a turn off time for Rupert&nbsp;&nbsp; to put his cunning tour plan into operation&nbsp; what we're going to do we start at the top so&nbsp;&nbsp; it's a bit of a hike and then we spiral down&nbsp; it's much easier Rupert's starting his tour&nbsp;&nbsp; upstairs leaving the yacht's main Lounge until&nbsp; last let's start with the sun deck come evening&nbsp;&nbsp; time if you put up an awning or not we have a&nbsp; TV a cinema screen and then when the films ended&nbsp;&nbsp; you've got your disco dance floor and&nbsp; that white box there is a mixing desk&nbsp;&nbsp; you could have a pole there's a fitting you&nbsp; could have a pole billionaires care about&nbsp;&nbsp; the finer detail so Rupert has had to memorize&nbsp; everything about the 85 meter boat see obviously&nbsp;&nbsp; did you've got your gymnasium you've got a fully&nbsp; fully functioning massage closing off this is a&nbsp;&nbsp; steam room it's a shower behind me you can come&nbsp; in behind me there's a door there again go back&nbsp;&nbsp; to the barn with your beers I look forward to it&nbsp; it's a healthy lifestyle it's all about getting&nbsp;&nbsp; the alcohol out of the body so you can carry on&nbsp; doing it again 12 guests Max 12 guest commercial&nbsp;&nbsp; there are seven stroke eight bits time to test&nbsp; the water with the feature Chandelier the biggest&nbsp;&nbsp; ever made for a mega yacht [Music] meters long&nbsp; stretching through all six decks this is called&nbsp;&nbsp; the tree of life there are over 800 Morena Venice&nbsp; venison glass handmade Jack and the Beanstalk&nbsp;&nbsp; I say do it slowly because if you see guys walking&nbsp; around the show like this you know they've been on&nbsp;&nbsp; Solange well that's what you think of the Earth&nbsp; very intricate beautifully made uh probably the&nbsp;&nbsp; super yard on the market at the moment every time&nbsp; you say 175 million and you're walking around this&nbsp;&nbsp; boat you're actually getting a feel for what&nbsp; you get you go actually it's quite justifiable&nbsp;&nbsp; if you're going some of the other yachts in the&nbsp; show you know the volume is one-third potential&nbsp;&nbsp; owners also have to consider the 10 million pound&nbsp; yearly running expenses free generators he has 220&nbsp;&nbsp; 000 liters of fuel just turning on the engine&nbsp; without moving can cost two thousand pounds&nbsp;&nbsp; 90 meals a day in its current operations 29&nbsp; crew on board so here we are the beach platform&nbsp;&nbsp; and see Bob's around only the purple Salon remains&nbsp;&nbsp; Rupert's ready to soften the Balloon by the&nbsp; time you get here you realize you know what&nbsp;&nbsp; I I can change this purple's not a bad color you&nbsp; never live inside of you live outside everything&nbsp;&nbsp; about this boat is a labor of love all these&nbsp; units you see like them or don't like them they're&nbsp;&nbsp; handmade for this boat they weren't picked off&nbsp; on an antique store patter seems to be paying off&nbsp;&nbsp; most owners are very detail-orientated the glass&nbsp; here on this table the Craftsman that made that&nbsp;&nbsp; is truly an artist on his own people ask you why&nbsp; it's 175 million well you've got to pay six guys&nbsp;&nbsp; for three years to do some glass and tables once&nbsp; you start thinking of it in those terms suddenly&nbsp;&nbsp; it starts to make sense if 175 million never makes&nbsp; sense his apartment in New York is very similar in&nbsp;&nbsp; style and detail he's had five Yachts so far and&nbsp; now he wants to go World cruising but they want&nbsp;&nbsp; to do it at the level that they now live at and&nbsp; this is exactly where they're at Rupert can offer&nbsp;&nbsp; a small discount she's not going to sell for&nbsp; under 150 right she'll certainly sell for 160. despite Rupert's efforts there's no&nbsp; immediate sale the agent wants to have&nbsp;&nbsp; a think and talk to his boss we have had&nbsp; offers they haven't been accepted but uh&nbsp;&nbsp; offer offers by Yachts so you've got to start&nbsp; somewhere Rupert's big payday may have to wait and when the sun sets over the Monaco yacht&nbsp; show exclusive bow parties begin and business&nbsp;&nbsp; continues [Music] Howard's using it as an&nbsp; opportunity to view another boat to fulfill&nbsp;&nbsp; his dreams I'm actually socializing um but like&nbsp; any boat here is it's actually for sale so perhaps&nbsp;&nbsp; a bit of both wandering around the boat having&nbsp; a little eyeball and I get too pissed because I&nbsp;&nbsp; stand up for getting my checkbook out so I have&nbsp; to be a bit careful with that one Howard wants&nbsp;&nbsp; to take time out from his multi-million pound&nbsp; Empire and buy a yacht in which he can try [Music]&nbsp;&nbsp; only sort of Civic Lounge area and going into a&nbsp; formal dining wow Howard may be looking to buy&nbsp;&nbsp; another party Doug Barrowman in the market to&nbsp; sell there's lots of flashing lights there's&nbsp;&nbsp; lots of people on the top deck and we'll&nbsp; give it a try and see how we get on you&nbsp;&nbsp; is rubbing shoulders with guests worth 100&nbsp; billion pounds which gives him the chance to&nbsp;&nbsp; promote turquoise the yacht he wants to&nbsp; sell what a beautiful book we like it I&nbsp;&nbsp; do actually got turquoise over there which uh&nbsp; oh okay Britt Nicholas Frankel specializes in&nbsp;&nbsp; organizing super yacht parties where the wealthy&nbsp; can gather and talk business gorgeous you know&nbsp;&nbsp; Vera there are no sacred places where these uber&nbsp; wealthy people hang out and that's where super&nbsp;&nbsp; Yachts become even more valuable because they&nbsp; are still sort of bastions of what they would&nbsp;&nbsp; describe as sort of uh civilization yacho gives&nbsp; Doug the opportunity to mingle not just with&nbsp;&nbsp; the uber wealthy but also the Uber powerful the&nbsp; Mongolians have arrived good evening lovely to&nbsp;&nbsp; see you even the Mongolian foreign minister&nbsp; has been invited to sample the lifestyle of&nbsp;&nbsp; the Rich and Famous wow you've come a very long&nbsp; way haven't you yeah yeah unfortunately for Doug&nbsp;&nbsp; the Mongolian minister is somewhat restricted&nbsp; from buying a super yacht have you got a vote is the landlocked country where I&nbsp; use the boat it's better I buy horses the yacht show is nearly at&nbsp; an end and some millionaires&nbsp;&nbsp; who already have it all will be&nbsp; leaving Monaco owning even more&nbsp;&nbsp; Howard Raymond's lifelong ambition is to buy a&nbsp; boat to travel the world having come to the Monaco&nbsp;&nbsp; yacht show he's now one step closer to buying the&nbsp; boat he needs we've identified two potential boats&nbsp;&nbsp; the sort of semi-fit the criteria even if he gets&nbsp; one like any self-respecting multi-millionaire he&nbsp;&nbsp; will still have to refurbish it to his own&nbsp; specific tastes it's not like it pop down to&nbsp;&nbsp; the garage and get a car and I thought I love&nbsp; that one and you get it tomorrow morning it's&nbsp;&nbsp; these are complicated beasts extremely complicated&nbsp; beasts um so it's it's if it was all okay today&nbsp;&nbsp; Sign Sealed Delivered and I know I wouldn't&nbsp; expect to see it for at least two years [Music]&nbsp;&nbsp; AG Barrowman is going to have even longer&nbsp; to wait for his new bigger dream boat&nbsp;&nbsp; over the four days he's had over 30 prospective&nbsp; buyers tour turquoise it's quite often really&nbsp;&nbsp; because you're trying to live on the&nbsp; yacht and they're trying to see every&nbsp;&nbsp; nook and cranny in a shot of looking in your&nbsp; underwear drawer really he's had significant&nbsp;&nbsp; interest but it could take at least six&nbsp; months to seal a deal actually coming&nbsp;&nbsp; to the end of the show I uh it's hard work&nbsp; I'm quite happy to be winding down [Music]&nbsp;&nbsp; Sirens signal the end of the Monaco&nbsp; yacht show for another year [Music]&nbsp;&nbsp; debotes that are now leaving&nbsp; a small fraction of the 6&nbsp;&nbsp; 000 super Yachts that have been&nbsp; built over the last 25 years&nbsp;&nbsp; and as the rich get richer the demand looks set&nbsp; to increase with another 700 boats in construction&nbsp;&nbsp; around the world this is not something that's&nbsp; going to go away and these boats are getting&nbsp;&nbsp; bigger and bigger and bigger and in an industry&nbsp; that employs thousands of Brits there'll always be&nbsp;&nbsp; a chance for a bumper payday that's the number&nbsp; of wealthy people in the world increases and&nbsp;&nbsp; magnifiers as it does year on year there probably&nbsp; will be a time where there'll be so many very&nbsp;&nbsp; rich people in the world that actually these boat&nbsp; shows would be rather like a market store [Music]&nbsp;&nbsp; Yachts mean billionaires like Doug Barrowman&nbsp; continue to pay to have the best where did&nbsp;&nbsp; it all go wrong well I think it actually went&nbsp; right when I bought it and I can still see that

  Top Comments:
  1. @RegScheepers [3 likes]: Whoever wrote the voice over script is still under the impression that there's such a thing as British exceptionalism. You're a few decades late
  2. @BrownBirdMC [3 likes]: Greetings from Monaco! 
Right now everything is ready for this year show. I am not sure when it will start, because i couldn't care less😂. It's the same every year😂...like the Grand Prix😅...same thing!
  3. @paullunsford8831 [1 likes]: Has anyone seen 
Dr. Faucci in the crowds ?
And this is exactly where I thought he would be.
Pretty sure he made enough money to be in the market !.
  4. @tryingtolearn2876 [1 likes]: 4 or 5 of them should get together and buy a cruise ship
  5. @bennymars254 [1 likes]: i am buying one after graduation this november
  6. @jp-qn4je [1 likes]: A bunch of silly Brits who get pissed daily by pissing on all of us!  LOL
  7. @jp-qn4je [1 likes]: 40,000 pounds to polish, trim, and kiss UK arse sounds so demeaning......I guess an owner who is only there 9 weeks a year...coupled with an enjoyment of seeing some of the world while singe and fancy free might be tolerable!...MIGHT be!!
  8. @DonaldStewart-ni2ue: Everything on that boat is expensive.... including the women. Beautiful boat tho.
  9. @TheBigChill1: This is how the Ultra-Rich measure their dicks...!
  10. @mattm1686: f@ck wow 30 grand a year, how cheap can you be!!
  11. @SmartMoneyBro: A "bulletproof yacht". Never heard of that.
  12. @XCaliforniaX1: rich people are absolutely insufferable, can't stand being arround them, all they ever talk about or care about is money.
  13. @SophiaGordon-rj3qm: Thank you ❤️
  14. @UnKnown-rd8gq: How wierd these catholics spend their lives faking they are rich, or are inventors, and all they do is get slaughtered for knowing digital tech and computers exist. Computers are classfied and in the old America, now collapsed. They were made illegal in 2003 because you thought you were going to steal the monitors. The man who invented auto telephones, landline. Cable tv, tv and film is the same guy. They own it all, these morons live in abandoned houses and all lie to one another. We call them Tates
  15. @jimpfister2189: What a life it must be.
  16. @surfsunsand: I would prefer a yacht over a plane. A plane has limitations. I love the yachts but the owners are pedophiles satanists and that is a club I never want to be a part of.
  17. @AsenAsenov-b8d: Listen people!
Is coming are ages where people around the world will realize that, all that luxury won't matter that much anymore!!
Cuz people will realise that health is more important and happiness is only state of mind!!!
  18. @ridwanmanurung2715: I think must be learning to Malaydesh malaysia 🇲🇾,how to build a ship. As you know, Prophet Noah is learning to build a ship from Malaydesh malaysia 🇲🇾 😂😂
  19. @RicardoWerson: Isn’t it wonderful to be prosperous? Just look at how much happiness fortune brings!
  20. @sharjeelkhan7437: Very old video , reposted .

- Most Expensive Yachts Owned By Celebrities!: Kind: captions Language: en 10 Amazing Yachts Owned By Celebrities Sailing sure runs deep in the blood of the&nbsp;&nbsp; rich and famous, and they love doing it in&nbsp; superyachts. These super-wealthy celebrities&nbsp;&nbsp; embark on journeys throughout the seas to&nbsp; escape the grind of their busy lifestyle and&nbsp;&nbsp; to spend some quality time with their&nbsp; loved ones. But they don't hold back&nbsp;&nbsp; when it comes to the sheer size of their&nbsp; yachts. So in today's video, millionaires,&nbsp;&nbsp; we're going to count down the 10 of the most&nbsp; amazing private celebrity yachts out there. &nbsp; Number ten - Sean "Diddy"&nbsp; Combs's Maraya ($65 Million) It cost $65 million to build the 54-meter&nbsp; motor yacht owned by Sean "Diddy" Combs,&nbsp;&nbsp; also known as Puff Daddy and P. Diddy.&nbsp; The vessel was designed and constructed by&nbsp;&nbsp; CRN. The rapper and business entrepreneur is&nbsp; accustomed to a high-end lifestyle. His boat&nbsp;&nbsp; is equipped with everything he could possibly need&nbsp; for enjoyment while at sea, including a nightclub&nbsp;&nbsp; with a bar - of course - and a big cinema. The&nbsp; master cabin on Maraya has a private balcony&nbsp;&nbsp; that can be lowered when the boat is at anchor.&nbsp; The yacht can accommodate up to 12 people. Number nine - Tiger woods' Privacy ($20 Million) Tiger Woods is considered one of the most&nbsp;&nbsp; highly-paid professional athletes globally&nbsp; and the first golfer ever to win the four&nbsp;&nbsp; major championships consecutively! Tiger&nbsp; bought Privacy, well as you might perceive&nbsp;&nbsp; from its name, to get some privacy. This massive build is 155 feet in length,&nbsp;&nbsp; and it cost Woods a staggering $20 million. It was&nbsp; built in 2004 by Christensen Yachts so that Woods&nbsp;&nbsp; could relax during his master golf championships.&nbsp; The superyacht has three stories: the main deck,&nbsp;&nbsp; a second-level, and an observation deck. Privacy also has five bedrooms in it,&nbsp;&nbsp; accommodating ten guests easily. It also&nbsp; has four separate cabins that can hold up to&nbsp;&nbsp; nine crew members. But, it's even more&nbsp; impressive; Woods made sure it had a Jacuzzi&nbsp;&nbsp; that's large enough for eight people to fit&nbsp; in, a state-of-the-art gym, and a well-deserved&nbsp;&nbsp; master bedroom to enjoy his Privacy in. Additionally, Woods made sure to make Privacy&nbsp;&nbsp; a yacht for leisure activities; he added multiple&nbsp; jet skis, kayaks, and even space for SCUBA diving.&nbsp;&nbsp; The superyacht Privacy is truly a mechanical&nbsp; beast. It runs on 1,800-horsepower twin engines,&nbsp;&nbsp; can hold 12,000 gallons of fuel,&nbsp; and costs $1.8 million to run. Number Eight - Steve Jobs' Venus ($120 Million) Steve Jobs' name speaks for him. He,&nbsp;&nbsp; alongside Steve Wozniak, founded the&nbsp; all-too-known: Apple Inc, which is, by far,&nbsp;&nbsp; the most dominant telecommunications company&nbsp; in existence. He was a genius and a visionary,&nbsp;&nbsp; and he led Apple towards creating history-altering&nbsp; products like the iPhone and the iPad. One of his other impressive endeavors is&nbsp; his Venus superyacht, which is currently&nbsp;&nbsp; owned by Steve's wife, Lauren Powell Jobs. This colossal man-mad leviathan reaches up&nbsp;&nbsp; to 256 feet in length and costs $120 million. Venus was officially launched back in 2012 by&nbsp;&nbsp; Feadship - one of the most prestigious, high-tech&nbsp; builders of custom superyachts in the world. Steve&nbsp;&nbsp; Jobs collaborated with Philippe Starck, a French&nbsp; industrial designer & engineer, to design the&nbsp;&nbsp; interior and exterior of this sailing powerhouse. Venus has a catchy, futuristic look with a&nbsp;&nbsp; silver-colored exterior and stainless-steel walls.&nbsp; It can accommodate 12 guests and 22 crew members&nbsp;&nbsp; on board but is not for charter. Venus is powered&nbsp; by 2 MTU (top engine supplier for superyachts)&nbsp;&nbsp; engines, which allows this glorious vessel to&nbsp; reach up to 20.5 knots (about 23.6 mph). Number seven - Stefano Gabanna's&nbsp; Regina D'Italia ($60 Million) The 51-meter-long Codecasa motor yacht, which&nbsp; costs $60 million to build and can achieve speeds&nbsp;&nbsp; of 17.5 mph, belongs to Italian designer Stefano&nbsp; Gabanna. The vessel's outside is made of aluminum,&nbsp;&nbsp; and while the inside is lavish and baroque&nbsp; in style, it reflects the fashion vision of&nbsp;&nbsp; the designer. Regina D' Italia has a master&nbsp; bedroom, five guest rooms, one captain cabin,&nbsp;&nbsp; and four staff cabins. The ship's name comes from&nbsp; the Italian word meaning "Queen of Italy." Number six - Bono's Kingdom Come ($20.3 Million) Paul David Hewson, known by his stage name Bono,&nbsp;&nbsp; is an Irish activist, philanthropist, businessman,&nbsp; and most famously, the lead vocalist and primary&nbsp;&nbsp; lyricist of rock band U2. They're mostly known&nbsp; for their famous hit album "The Joshua." Codecasa, the Italian luxury superyachts&nbsp; builder, built this 164-feet beauty back in 1979,&nbsp;&nbsp; and it was previously named Nara and Diana&nbsp; II. In 2014, Bono bought the superyacht from&nbsp;&nbsp; its former owner for about 10 million (about&nbsp; $11,5 million). He managed to strike a good deal&nbsp;&nbsp; since the asking price for it was 15 million. Bono revamped his private sanctuary with an&nbsp;&nbsp; Emerald-green and golden interior and a striking&nbsp; black and white exterior. He can enjoy the company&nbsp;&nbsp; of his celebrity friends and U2 band members&nbsp; while accommodating them on board across&nbsp;&nbsp; 26 guest rooms. Additionally, the yacht comes&nbsp; with a swimming pool, fishing equipment,&nbsp;&nbsp; wave runners, snorkeling gear, a Jacuzzi,&nbsp; and even a mini grand piano. Equipped with&nbsp;&nbsp; custom-made stabilizers, this superyacht can reach&nbsp; the speed of 20 knots, which is about 23 mph. Number five - Giorgio Armani's Main ($60 Million) Armani is one of the most well-known luxury&nbsp;&nbsp; fashion brands in the world. It was&nbsp; founded by Giorgio Armani and is still&nbsp;&nbsp; one of the top-leading names in the fashion&nbsp; industry. It handles the manufacturing,&nbsp;&nbsp; distributing, and retailing of everything from&nbsp; highly-expensive eyewear to custom-made shoes. Armani's superyacht Main is a 213-feet&nbsp; beauty, and it was built at Codecasa's&nbsp;&nbsp; Viareggio shipyard in Italy. Giorgio Armani&nbsp; S.p.A, with the aid of Ortelli Arcitetti,&nbsp;&nbsp; styled and designed its interior. But its&nbsp; unique Emerald exterior with oblique lines&nbsp;&nbsp; was all the work of Armani's creative mind. Main was built in 2008 and has since been able to&nbsp;&nbsp; accommodate twelve guests in its seven suites. And&nbsp; it still has enough space to hold fourteen crew&nbsp;&nbsp; members on board without any issues. Cruising on&nbsp; Main can grant you the ultimate luxury experience;&nbsp;&nbsp; it has air-conditioned amenities like an indoor&nbsp; gym and swimming pool, a private spa area,&nbsp;&nbsp; and even a movie theatre. Codecasa used steel hull and&nbsp;&nbsp; aluminum superstructure to bring Main to life.&nbsp; And it can easily reach the speed of 17 knots&nbsp;&nbsp; (about 19.5 mph) thanks to its twin-diesel&nbsp; 2479-horsepower Caterpillar engines. Main's dark green exterior is also&nbsp; Giorgio's sarcastic way of poking fun&nbsp;&nbsp; at the sea's clich d blue color. Number four - Barry M.Zekelman's&nbsp;&nbsp; Man Of Steel ($184 Million) Barry Zekelman is a Canadian&nbsp;&nbsp; Billionaire who took over his family's business&nbsp; at the age of 19. He transformed their company&nbsp;&nbsp; into one of the largest steel pipe and tube&nbsp; makers in all of North America. He bought&nbsp;&nbsp; Man Of Steel from Academy Award-winning director&nbsp; Steven Spielberg back in October of this year. Man Of Steel, formally known as&nbsp; Seven Seas, was built in 2010,&nbsp;&nbsp; and it has a length of 282 feet. Azure Naval&nbsp; Architects designed it, and Oceano Yachts put it&nbsp;&nbsp; together. Both the interior and exterior of this&nbsp; sailing beast were designed by Nuvolari Lenard,&nbsp;&nbsp; who added a flair of sophistication to it. It cost Oceano Yachts $150 million to build&nbsp;&nbsp; and requires a hefty $10 to $15 million to&nbsp; run annually. But, it comes with its merits;&nbsp;&nbsp; Man Of Steel provides six extravagant suits that&nbsp; can carry 12 people on board and a dedicated team&nbsp;&nbsp; of 26 crew members. It's also equipped with 2&nbsp; MTU engines that allow it to sail at 20 knots,&nbsp;&nbsp; breaking past the speed of 23 mph. While previously owning it, Steven&nbsp;&nbsp; Spielberg gave it the name "Seven&nbsp; Seas" after his seven children. Number three - Paul Allen's&nbsp; Octopus ($278 Million) Former owner, Paul Gardner Allen, was an American&nbsp; business magnate, computer programmer, researcher,&nbsp;&nbsp; investor, and philanthropist. He was best known&nbsp; for co-founding Microsoft with Bill Gates in&nbsp;&nbsp; 1975. He had a fortune estimated at $20+&nbsp; billion. Allen was considered the 44th&nbsp;&nbsp; wealthiest person on earth. Luxury megayacht "Octopus:"&nbsp;&nbsp; was built by the German superyachts builder&nbsp; Lurssen Yachts in 2003. Paul Allen sold&nbsp;&nbsp; this superyacht to American Businessman&nbsp; Roger Samuelsson before he passed away. Octopus takes fancy to the next level; it&nbsp; can accommodate two helicopters and their&nbsp;&nbsp; hangar on the main deck. The megayacht also&nbsp; has a large glass-bottom pool and a 10-person&nbsp;&nbsp; submarine that floats into it through a large&nbsp; hatch. There's a music recording studio on&nbsp;&nbsp; the bridge deck where Allen proudly showed off&nbsp; one of his most prized possessions: the guitar&nbsp;&nbsp; Jimi Hendrix played at Woodstock. And for the&nbsp; sake of ultimate comfort, Octopus offers an&nbsp;&nbsp; observation lounge, a cinema, juice bar, on-site&nbsp; gym, hair salon, and even a medical center. But that's not all there is to the Octopus;&nbsp; there's a whole other deck with a large study,&nbsp;&nbsp; a walk-in closet, and an outside bar with a&nbsp; whirlpool. To make it even more luxurious, there's&nbsp;&nbsp; a large VIP cabin, four guest cabins, a children's&nbsp; cabin, and two additional staff/doctors' cabins.&nbsp;&nbsp; And to top it all off, this 414-feet beast has a&nbsp; spa, game rooms, Jacuzzis, and swimming pools. The monster yacht uses Diesel engines for&nbsp; locomotion and runs at a top speed of 20 knots&nbsp;&nbsp; (about 23 mph). It cost $285 million to build&nbsp; and $20 to $35 million a year to run. Number two - David Geffen's&nbsp; Rising Sun ($590 Million) Arguably the wealthiest man in the American film&nbsp; industry, David Geffen is a Hollywood billionaire&nbsp;&nbsp; who was a self-made millionaire at the age&nbsp; of 25 years old. He co-created many record&nbsp;&nbsp; labels and media studios, including Asylum&nbsp; Records in 1971 and DreamWorks SKG in 1994. In 2004 Rising Sun was built for Lary Ellison,&nbsp; CEO of Oracle Corporation. But in 2010, David&nbsp;&nbsp; Geffen bought and co-owned it with Lary for four&nbsp; years. It was made by German Shipyard Lurssen who,&nbsp;&nbsp; used steel hull and aluminum superstructure.&nbsp; It cost $200 million when it was launched.&nbsp;&nbsp; And it's estimated that it requires about $25&nbsp; to 40 million annually to keep in top shape. With its incredible length of 454 feet, the Rising&nbsp; Sun took a lot of work to design - a challenge the&nbsp;&nbsp; late Jon Bannenberg was happy to take one. And&nbsp; thanks to its large size, it can carry up to 16&nbsp;&nbsp; guests and 45 crew members on board. You see,&nbsp; despite the Rising Sun's enormous proportions,&nbsp;&nbsp; its top speed reaches 28 knots (32 mph)&nbsp; thanks to the 4 MTU engines behind it. It's also worth mentioning that David Geffen's&nbsp; superyacht hosted big names like Oprah Winfrey&nbsp;&nbsp; and Barack Obama. Number one - Conor McGregor's Lamborghini 63 ($3.6 Million) Conor McGregor, the UFC star,&nbsp;&nbsp; has been identified as the owner of a freshly finished Tecnomar For Lamborghini&nbsp;&nbsp; 63 yacht. The 19.2m boat is a hybrid of the&nbsp; two brands and is intended to appeal to buyers&nbsp;&nbsp; who appreciate superyachts and supercars.&nbsp; McGregor's yacht will have the same materi als as a Lamborghini supercar, including a special&nbsp; gold hull paint. Tecnomar For Lamborghini has an&nbsp;&nbsp; aerodynamic shape and a distinctive "carbon skin"&nbsp; inspired by Lamborghini's Si n FKP 37 model. Make sure you watch our video on the&nbsp; most EXPENSIVE Superyachts in the world&nbsp;&nbsp; by clicking the video on your screen now. I hope you enjoyed this one, millionaires!&nbsp;&nbsp; Let us know in the comments below which superyacht&nbsp; seemed the most extravagant and luxurious to you.&nbsp;&nbsp; And share with us what awesome features you'd&nbsp; include in your own superyacht. Meanwhile,&nbsp;&nbsp; don't forget to like and subscribe if you haven't&nbsp; already, and I'll see you in the next video!

  Top Comments:
  1. @mickeymouse8945 [1 likes]: What a waste of money
  2. @naseemhadayed [1 likes]: 👍👍👍
  3. @SebastiánNájera-j7s [1 likes]: I like Venus it looks "futuristic"
  4. @GunzNGrit1911: Shows the same pictures over and over again! 😅
  5. @Predikant: P Diddy's yacht has a play area for the kiddies.
  6. @buffalobob3796: I don't even know what to say. A 3.6 million boat is more expensive than a 200 million yacht.  If that is the case, you suck at math.
  7. @tomz284: on my dreamin only.
  8. @shaziyakhan1271: Good night I Love❤❤❤❤❤ Around🌎🌎🌎🌎🌎🌎🌎🌎 Would

- Russian Alexei Mordashov and His Superyacht Nord: Kind: captions Language: en-US When we talk about Alexei Mordashov, we&nbsp; are talking about one of the wealthiest&nbsp;&nbsp; men alive who happen to own expensive&nbsp; superyachts. Of course, just like you,&nbsp;&nbsp; many people do not know about this super wealthy&nbsp; man, but that's just fine because today you will&nbsp;&nbsp; be diving deep into who he is, his background&nbsp; and of course his new SuperYacht: NORD. &nbsp; If there is one thing that you need to&nbsp; know before continuing with this video,&nbsp;&nbsp; it is that many of the wealthiest men alive own&nbsp; yachts of their own. However, those yachts differ&nbsp;&nbsp; in their sophistication, and this you can easily&nbsp; tell from the prices that are pegged with them.&nbsp;&nbsp; A few other world classed billionaires&nbsp; that recently acquired superyachts&nbsp;&nbsp; include Jeff Bezos, Mark Zuckerberg,&nbsp; Bill Gates amongst many others. In today's video, we will be unraveling some facts&nbsp; about the personality of Alexei Mordashov and his&nbsp;&nbsp; superyacht, so let's get into it Let's get to it already. Alexei Mordashov was born in 1965 into a family&nbsp; of steel working parents. If there is anything&nbsp;&nbsp; that this shows you, it is that he grew up in an&nbsp; average home, but he managed to struggle his way&nbsp;&nbsp; through until he eventually found the kind of&nbsp; wealth that distinguished him from his peers. He studied at Leningrad Engineering Economical&nbsp; Institute, and subsequently, he went on to study&nbsp;&nbsp; at Northumbria University in the United Kingdom&nbsp; for his MBA. Currently, he is married to Marina,&nbsp;&nbsp; and their union is blessed with two amazing kids. Before his coming to limelight, he was originally&nbsp;&nbsp; a finance director at a steel plant in Russia,&nbsp; and after a while when he was able to gather&nbsp;&nbsp; enough money to buy a substantive number&nbsp; of shares, he bought some in this same&nbsp;&nbsp; Company where he was later promoted to&nbsp; Chief Executive Officer. The Company&nbsp;&nbsp; continued growing and became Severstal Group,&nbsp; a company that focuses on the steel industry. At the moment, he is the chairman&nbsp; of the World Steel Association,&nbsp;&nbsp; and also a top shareholder in Rossiya Bank. Overtime, he became a world known Russian&nbsp;&nbsp; billionaire, and it was discovered much later&nbsp; that he was the owner of the Superyacht: Lady M.&nbsp;&nbsp; Later on, it was also discovered that he&nbsp; is the owner of the 139 Lurssen project:&nbsp;&nbsp; Nord, his latest acquisition. Nord happens to&nbsp; be the yacht that has put Alexei Mordashov in&nbsp;&nbsp; the map for many people, and the reason was&nbsp; the unbelievable price tag that he paid for&nbsp;&nbsp; this megayacht. Word has it that the yacht&nbsp; was specially designed to suit his taste,&nbsp;&nbsp; and that is something that only a&nbsp; certain class of wealth can do. Severstal Group is currently known as a&nbsp; top-rated Company that deals in steel and mining,&nbsp;&nbsp; and he is currently the Chairman of the Holding&nbsp; Company, as well as a majority shareholder. What&nbsp;&nbsp; this simply connotes is that he has more rights&nbsp; at the Company than many other shareholders. In much recent times, Severstal has been described&nbsp; as being Russia's largest producer of iron ore and&nbsp;&nbsp; coking coal, and for this reason, the Company&nbsp; produces long, flat and steel pipes. Also,&nbsp;&nbsp; most of the products that are made by the&nbsp; Company are for automobiles, constructions,&nbsp;&nbsp; machinery and also the oil and gas industry. Because of the high productivity rate of the&nbsp;&nbsp; Company, it has operations in many countries,&nbsp; like Russia, Latvia, Poland, Liberia and Italy.&nbsp;&nbsp; In the year 2018, Severstal was stated&nbsp; to have generated $7 billion in revenue,&nbsp;&nbsp; and there is no other reason for this other than&nbsp; its large workforce of about 52,000 employees. Alexei Mordashov is known for his philanthropic&nbsp; acts, and this is alongside the fact that he&nbsp;&nbsp; is a profound investor in Tele2 Russia, Power&nbsp; machines, TUI and Bank Rossiya. If this doesn't&nbsp;&nbsp; paint the picture of who he is, you should&nbsp; already know by now that he is a wealthy man,&nbsp;&nbsp; he has a lot of power in Russia. Recently, he&nbsp; donated the amazing amount of $50,000,000 through&nbsp;&nbsp; Severstal, which might give you a hint on just&nbsp; how much money he is really worth as an individual&nbsp;&nbsp; if he is willing to donate that much&nbsp; through the company that pays his salary. In case you are wondering how&nbsp; much this dynamic man is worth,&nbsp;&nbsp; he is estimated to worth about twenty-nine billion&nbsp; dollars, making him the richest man in Russia. There are other aspects of him that make him&nbsp; worthy of the many accolades that he receives,&nbsp;&nbsp; and one of the most interesting ones is that&nbsp; he has an intimate friendship with Russian's&nbsp;&nbsp; political leader, Vladimir Putin; and because of&nbsp; the affinity that he shares with the president,&nbsp;&nbsp; he moved the majority of his investments from&nbsp; the United States of America to Russia in the&nbsp;&nbsp; year 2015. This was immediately after an advice&nbsp; from the president to stay away from unprofitable&nbsp;&nbsp; ventures. The unprofitable venture that he meant&nbsp; at that time was his investments in America,&nbsp;&nbsp; and although this is a story for&nbsp; another day, Alexei listened to&nbsp;&nbsp; Putin, and his investments were&nbsp; brought back home to Russia. One aspect of Alexei that is rarely spoken&nbsp; about is the location of his main residence.&nbsp;&nbsp; However, when it comes to the home of Alexei&nbsp; Mordashov, word has it that Alexei is one of&nbsp;&nbsp; the few wealthy people who do not own a large&nbsp; house in the Southern part of France or Florida.&nbsp;&nbsp; He currently resides in Barvihka in Moscow,&nbsp; with his wife and their two kids, and you are&nbsp;&nbsp; wrong if you think that he owns one of those many&nbsp; luxurious castles that you find in this region.&nbsp;&nbsp; A quick research on him shows that Mordashov&nbsp; is most of the time found on his yacht,&nbsp;&nbsp; giving the hint that one of the wealthiest&nbsp; humans alive could be living in a moving yacht. If you were to do a quick research on Barvikha,&nbsp; you would know that it is one out of many rich&nbsp;&nbsp; suburbs in Moscow. It is an area where it is&nbsp; known that the richest people in Moscow live,&nbsp;&nbsp; but at the moment, not much is said about&nbsp; any other home that is owned by Mordashov. Now let's go deep into the megayacht&nbsp; details. It was designed by Nuvolari Lenard,&nbsp;&nbsp; and it was built by Lurssen, a company&nbsp; that has been getting a lot of attention&nbsp;&nbsp; recently since they have built some of the&nbsp; superyachts of the wealthiest people on earth,&nbsp;&nbsp; this includes Jeff Bezos's Flying Fox Megayacht,&nbsp; which in my opinion is an absolute masterpiece. Back to Nord, With a 20 knots maximum speed,&nbsp; the yacht's engines prove its efficacy beyond&nbsp;&nbsp; the normal yacht that you could find&nbsp; around the water bodies in Russia. The way that the yacht Nord was built is such&nbsp; that it can accommodate as much as 30 guests,&nbsp;&nbsp; and over 39 crew members, and with an interior&nbsp; space which was designed by Nuvolari Lenard, you&nbsp;&nbsp; already know that it was made to beat the standard&nbsp; of typical ostensible yachts that you find around.&nbsp;&nbsp; There are also store houses for numerous boats on&nbsp; the yacht, and they for sure come in handy should&nbsp;&nbsp; the billionaire want to have some swell time with&nbsp; his guests at the low tidal region of Russia. The hull of the superyacht is made of steel, while&nbsp; the superstructure is made of aluminum with teak&nbsp;&nbsp; laid decks. Some common perks that you would find&nbsp; in this amazing yacht include speed stabilizers,&nbsp;&nbsp; a gym, a swimming pool, movie theatre, a&nbsp; beach club, spa room, underwater lights,&nbsp;&nbsp; beauty salon, and many other fittings that&nbsp; would make it more than comfortable for one&nbsp;&nbsp; of the richest men alive. But that's not all... On this yacht, there are two helicopter landing&nbsp;&nbsp; pads; while one is at the top deck, the other is&nbsp; on the bow. Presently, the yacht is valued at a&nbsp;&nbsp; whopping $500,000,000... Which is the price&nbsp; tag that Mordashov recently paid for it. Another specially amazing feature that you&nbsp; will find in this amazing ostensible asset&nbsp;&nbsp; is that it has a hatch opening on the side of&nbsp; it which houses a fast boat; and when you see&nbsp;&nbsp; the opening, you will quickly understand that it&nbsp; is an emergency get-off point just in case there&nbsp;&nbsp;

  Top Comments:
  1. @DinhNguyen-lq9rf [22 likes]: Everyone deserve a better life and a better life dose not just walk up to you, you have to work up your way to a better life, and that's by investment and investment rightly with the guidance of an expert.
  2. @Proper.Pronunciations [1 likes]: After the sanctions, this yacht could be yours for pennies on the dollar, bruh.
  3. @rahamanharruna670 [1 likes]: Please 🙏 help me am homeless and am from Ghana
  4. @tracytrunn5625 [1 likes]: Disgusting 🤮 
Give it away 
Help people
  5. @早安98: Omg that's the yatch we admire the most in seychelles we thought it was own by a king
  6. @rachidgraichi2475: He was born I 1965 not 1956
  7. @z-eyesstudio81742: Awesome!
  8. @toreano3160: 🤣🤣😂😂🤣🤣🤣
  9. @bitsbytes5069: he saved some money to buy shares ..... lmao...
  10. @hieroglyph321: Thieves in suits.
  11. @nicolasperez3104: los que acaban de no brar no tienen dinero estás equivocado en tu información me lo deben todo toda su fortuna pasará a mis manos por las deudas que tienen con migo
  12. @mitchberby7472: He looks delicious.
  13. @reasoningtruth: All the elites are getting ready to spring the reset complete with food shortages over the entire world. Out to sea, they'll be well protected from the mayhem on land.
  14. @norbeatsnorbeatsafterkidsu2333: Nord love Yeah.... See U thnx
  15. @sam-fc9ky: One cannot really call these yeachts they are more like pleasure fregates
  16. @sjgreene785: Regardless I really, really like this yacht.
🖤
  17. @user-fq1pb7ot: YATCH NORD : Owner Alexei Mordashov , current position Vladivostok: RUSSIA
  18. @Errr717: "living in a moving yacht" ... DUH!
  19. @mikepotter5718: You left out his part in Russia's latest adventure.
  20. @achie517: The cost of this single yacht is almost the total debt of an entire developing country in Asia!

- Inside Jeff Bezos’ $400 Million Mega Yacht: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] the flying fox super yacht is so luxurious that it makes the titanic look like a tugboat this 400 million dollar vessel caused a frenzy in the boating world when it was spotted off the coast of turkey in 2019 the sheer size and scale of the posh super yacht led many to speculate that it was owned by amazon founder jeff bezos the flying fox is a floating city that's filled with a plethora of luxurious amenities the super yacht has a cinema 40-foot pool and two helipads that can be converted into dance floors here's a look at the flying fox and all of its amazing features sailing on the high seas in a mega yacht as opulent as the flying fox is a luxury few people can afford unless you have billions lying around there's no way you would be able to afford this costly behemoth the flying fox which was built by super yacht manufacturer lursen in 2019 is estimated to be worth about 400 million dollars and the yearly maintenance costs would add up to at least 15 million docking fees repairs and salaries for crew members increase at an alarming rate every year soon only the top one percent of the top one percent will be able to afford one of these amazing super yachts even renting the flying fox costs an arm and a leg it costs four million dollars to charter the vessel for just one week talk about an expensive vacation so just how big is the flying fox at 466 feet long and 74 feet wide it's the 18th largest super yacht in the world it boasts the 14th largest interior of any yacht and all that space provides ample room for 22 guests and 55 crew members the flying fox really stands out even when compared to other incredibly expensive super yachts the yacht's exterior was designed by world-renowned naval architect espen oino and the sleek curvy exterior makes the yacht look very futuristic of course a yacht of this caliber needs to have a top-notch crew the flying fox's crew consists of ex-members of the british military which is why they command such high salaries crew members make big bucks the captain of a yacht this size can earn as much as 000 per year while the ship's head engineer likely earns a salary of about 000 the flying fox is no slouch if you thought a yacht of this size would be slow then you'd be wrong the costly cruiser can reach a top speed of 20 knots despite its massive size cruising speed is a comfortable 15 knots the flying fox also has its own fleet of recreational vehicles including nine tenders four jet skis and even a mini submarine billionaire guests can take a tender out to a remote island and set up an intimate al fresco beach dining experience imagine eating bluefin tuna sashimi prepared by the yacht's team of world class chefs if you want to explore the coastline you can use one of the yachts kayaks if you're in the mood for some extreme excitement then you can use one of the dive center's hoverboards or try your hand at kitesurfing the flying fox is even equipped with a fleet of vespa gts super 300s that can be used to explore nearby islands in style vespas are perfect for traversing monaco's cobbled streets while the flying fox is docked in the monaco harbor chartering a super yacht like the flying fox allows guests access to the most beautiful and remote marine destinations on the planet the super yacht has a staff of world-class divers who can show billionaires some of the most stunning underwater scenery on the planet including coral reefs dramatic underwater cliffs and extraordinary marine life every inch of the flying fox exudes luxury the mega yacht has six decks and every inch of the ship is extremely opulent just about every super yacht in the world has a helipad but the flying fox has two even more incredible is the fact that both helipads can be converted into dance floors just imagine what a billionaire dance party would look like the massive pull on the flying fox is unlike any other it's a staggering 40 feet long and can be split in two via retractable wall one side could be used to play a game of water volleyball while the guests use the other side to swim laps the water in the pool can go from warm to icy cold in just 10 seconds and it takes only 3 minutes to empty it's fitted with dual warm and cold tanks so you can adjust the temperature to your liking the flying fox's 4 305 square foot spa is truly state of the art it spans two stories and guests can enjoy a wide array of relaxing treatments like electrical facials and body sculpting a rain shower massage will take all your stress away even the richest people in the world have to deal with stress how do you think they got rich in the first place how do you think they keep that money stress every room on the flying fox is like a luxury hotel room each cabin has a private balcony so guests can enjoy amazing views of stunning locales like greece and the french riviera the huge outdoor dining area is the perfect place to enjoy an upscale feast while we're stuck here eating instant ramen the billionaires are enjoying beluga caviar wagyu steak and embirico ham the most stunning room in the yacht might just be the 328 square foot master suite on the top deck it even has its own jacuzzi and gas fire pit every vip suite on the yacht has an ensuite bathroom and there are 11 staterooms total one of the most unique features of the flying fox is its cryptotherapy sauna it's the first jot to ever feature one of these next level saunas the cryptotherapy sauna has an anti-chamber set to minus 40 degrees fahrenheit and a main chamber set to minus 116 degrees fahrenheit it's ideal for elite athletes and it aids in muscle regeneration the cryo sauna is the ideal way to cool down after an intense workout in the flying fox's world class gym the 970 square foot gym is fully equipped with the latest workout machines and the trainers for all former olympic athletes if you want to watch a movie head on down to the flying fox's movie theater which features state-of-the-art av capabilities even in the middle of the ocean you can catch up with the latest shows on netflix or amazon prime video the cinema room is equipped with d-box seats and a state-of-the-art surround sound system and there's even an outdoor movie screen on the deck just in case you want to watch a movie by moonlight if you're in the mood for a cocktail head on over to the two-story mark berryman design bar area which includes a wooden fireplace and a huge dining table with enough room for every guest so who owns this incredible super yacht when it was first spotted off the coast of turkey numerous people on twitter jumped to the conclusion that it was owned by jeff bezos with a net worth of about 188 billion dollars jeff bezos could easily afford this amazing super yacht however amazon officials soon debunked the rumor jeff bezos does enjoy spending time on the open seas but he prefers to relax on the 590 million dollar rising sun which is owned by his good friend and entertainment mogul david geffen bezos was spotted on the rising sun in 2019 with his girlfriend lauren sanchez the couple were partying on the yacht off the coast of spain the rising sun is a status symbol among billionaires and hollywood superstars geffen has held parties on the yacht and invited distinguished guests like disney executive chairman bob iger oprah steven spielberg jj abrams netflix co-ceo ted sarandos and barack and michelle obama celebs such as julia roberts leonardo dicaprio tom hanks jerry seinfeld and chris rock have also been spotted on the yacht could we be bigger name droppers right now the rising sun which was also built by lurson can accommodate 18 guests and has a staff of 55 people it features a double height cinema a basketball court gym and a wine cellar it might even be more impressive than the flying fox the true owner of the flying fox is still a mystery but we do know that the yacht is available to charter via imperial yachts the flying fox is just one of many super yachts available to run from the monaco-based yacht broker if you have 4 million dollars lying around you too could live like jeff even if it's only for a short time jeff bezos might not own the flying fox but he could easily rent the impressive super yacht the 4 million charter fee is a drop in the bucket for bezos he makes about 220 884 u.s dollars per minute so it would take him a mere 18 minutes to earn enough to rent the mega yacht for a week that's it folks thanks for watching

  Top Comments:
  1. @UnrealEntGaming [1100 likes]: Meanwhile, the rest of us normal folks are still eating peanut butter and jelly sandwiches  😂
  2. @wheelchairghost [1 likes]: This is just a bunch of stolen graphics with pointless endless blabbing added.   No value.   Pure stupidity.
  3. @felipepessoa8883: It’s impressive how these clueless YouTubers post things they don’t actually know. That yacht does not belong to Jeff Bezos; Amazon itself formally denied that in 2019 when the rumor first started. The yacht belongs to Russian billionaire Dmitry Kamenshchik. Jeff Bezos’s yacht is the sailing yacht Koru. He also has a support yacht called Abeona, but it’s a motor sport yacht. And you people, so wonderfully clueless, believe absolutely everything.
  4. @Mark-h1i3k: This is insane. These rich snobs are taking the p..s they could help the entire world by just paying an extra 1% in tax. Oh yeah, they don't pay tax, they hide it in offshore accounts under a bogus name
  5. @chandramohanr2247: To contribute my part in maintenance of the flying fox , I have ordered some stuffs on Amazon today .  Remember flying fox team , the tomato piece in your next salad on board might be from my wallet . 🤷‍♂️😂😂
  6. @joshJ.: Who the hell pays $4million per week to rent this boat! It comes out to $23809 per hour !
  7. @joshJ.: At 3:50 he says imagine what a billionaire dance party looks like! Did you ever see Trump and musk dance at a party ! Me no like
  8. @bejoba3519: Meanwhile the entire American population is having only ice to eat as the struggle meal of breakfast, lunch, and dinner 😂
  9. @Кайрат-х7л: If this rich People do not gift me 5 billion I wil hang out
  10. @jesseacuna-pj5pt: WGAFU-K
  11. @randomjan111: We made him rich 😂😂
  12. @Gizamalukeix: Only making $150k for being a head engineer and only $450k for being the captain and putting up with white females all day? Yea I'll pass. As far as instant ramen goes, I make more than 150k per year and it's my favorite food. Just because something is expensive doesn't mean it's good and I don't like fish after smelling fish on the ocean all day, sorry. 

I guess those white people wanted to be Tibetan monks so badly that they must have needed the entire deck to do it since those bedrooms didn't have enough space lol. Them hallways probs don't even have enough space for my bbc to walk by. Everyone loves bbc and your white wives too. They just ride it behind your back lol
  13. @Gizamalukeix: That cinema isn't exactly impressive. I'd be impressed if had a full size theater in it. For that price it better have at least 2 full size cinemas in it and a golf course.
  14. @Strawberrybaklawa: He lives turkiye thats for sure. Spotted 5 times in Datça
  15. @kevinluschak5241: Omg would love to go on a weeks cruise!
  16. @kevinluschak5241: The man has everything!
  17. @lalakona-o: Crypto therapy sauna? 😂
  18. @TonyaSmith-x8x: All billionaires are a part of the human trafficking ring. That’s where your billions came from! Stop taking credit when thousands lost their lives because of the “rich”!
  19. @zachpepper3582: lol these comments are great… gotta remember, Jeff completely changed as a person when Amazon started blowing up… look it up when he was worth 500m to now … it’s insane what money does to the brain
  20. @MIchlBrwn: New years  Sara and Spouse . She needs you to go shopping with her.

- On Board the World's Most Expensive Yachts: Luxury for Oligarchs & Billionaires | Documentary: Kind: captions Language: en in the south of turkey hidden from view in the nook of a Cove off bordom lies an 180 M super yacht named Titan it flies the Bermuda flag but is owned by a Russian oligarch Alexander abramov to avoid seizures linked to sanctions against the war in Ukraine like Alexander dozens of people close to the Kremlin have come here to hide their boats local journalist yasa an tracks down some of the world's most luxurious yachts in Paparazzi mode he no longer needs to leave his little corner of the Mediterranean to capture them for dozens of Yachts belonging to Russian oligarchs have been seized around the world including in France Italy the United States and Spain in Pad de mayorca on the initiative of the American authorities and with the support of the FBI the Spanish Civil guard seized the Tango a 7 8 m super yacht belonging to someone close to Vladimir [Music] Putin the oligarchs who were able to flee in time headed mainly for turkey foreign the Solaris an incredible 100 40 m boat worth over 400 million e its owner Roman Abramovic is the most infamous Russian billionaire his magnificent yacht is a veritable Fortress almost impossible to approach the yacht is under Constant Guard foree fore for speech for spe today Yachts are the subject of debate more than ever before Monaco the world capital of super every year hundreds of the most beautiful boats in the world don't here among the 600 exhibitors are the very best of the nautical industry and all the gadgets that go with it such as this Pocket Submarine costing over a million e Yachts are the subject of debate more than ever before Monaco the world capital of super Yachts every year hundreds of the most beautiful boats in the world dock here euros here professionals across all disciplines are involved in Monaco the queen of interior design is Sabrina monton oo she takes us aboard the Mischief to take a closer look at one of her latest projects these boats all have one thing in common they are huge consumers of fuel every hour a super yacht consumes almost 500 L of diesel and there are 6,000 of them in the world a disproportionate carbon footprint but there is a solution away from the sun we travel to Poland to meet Francis lap a French Pioneer of a new technology the electric yacht 100% eco-friendly boats that run on solar energy for his new boat the Marie Joseph fullscale tests are taking place in Dubai his latest addition will surely shock the market you are welcome back no noise no smell of fuel oil solar energy is revolutionizing the yachting industry so he just needs to keep the boat charged like an iPhone yes everybody will talk about it today with Yacht Sales booming Dubai is not the only Emerging Market in the region the entire Arabian Peninsula is taking a liking to luxury boating the most promising country in the sector Saudi Arabia in jeda the country's second biggest city a marina to accommodate up to 100 boats was built in just 6 months I believe it's going to be the future Monaco and mald same time at this rate more and more Super Yachts like the serenity will be cruising the Red Seas each [Applause] year in Hong Kong a Frenchman Eric Noel has been in the yacht business for 10 years his speciality buying and selling shares in boats a cost sharing scheme Eric is on the lookout for any opportunity new technology and new destinations the world of yachting is doing everything to rid itself of its bad reputation an investigation into the new world of super Yachts Saudi Arabia a new destination for super Yachts particularly King Abdullah City on the banks of the Red Sea the city has dedicated itself to business and boating over the last few years docked in the marina the serenity belongs to a wealthy Greek Lebanese businessman the boat is 72 M long and can accommodate up to 30 guests across four decks 15 luxury cabins private lounges and the ultimate home cinema today the yacht is about to set sail Gregory is scrutinizing every little detail Ela did you check the cabins that I had open for the guest last night Gregory a Greek national has been a butler on board since 2017 he speedily carries out his inspections now the bathroom Master the secure on the top of the sour uh door yes yes check it is not good I do it 17 seconds from the passel downtown till upstairs 17 seconds no detail escapes him and it's best not to make any mistakes under his supervision How many pairs of shoes you have outside that shoe boxes three three boxes no man I don't ask you for how many boxes I say How many pairs of shoes pair of shoes please yes please how many you want only one pair only one pair of the guest what is pair of come on you don't know what means spare what you say I'd like to make that so come here my son this with a guest no I don't know to come out so you have one two three three pairs of shoes so Mr Muhammad left yeah how is the system works the guest is coming take the shoes and the shoes is coming with his hand here shoes should be there man how the sleepers are there and the shoes are here in total around 30 people ensure the smooth running of the boat Masha is one of the crew members she's Ukrainian okay so now I going to set a balcony in master office and master bedroom the master bedroom a 150 square meter Suite with all the Comforts of home so we're going to check a closet this is the big closet with two sides for him and for her usually I unpack luggage for the master guest because it's a lot sometimes you know big suitcases with many dresses many costumes suits always looking after her passengers Masha anticipates their every need and on a yacht like the serenity timing is everything guest uh going for example for the lunch before lunch guest take shower and we communicate with crew like Maria the guests are out and I'm coming here nobody can pass here no officer no no Captain nobody because it's private territory let's say not to not disturb the guest I mean far from the luxury of the passengers area Masha shows us her quarters in the hold of the ship so this is like crew Corridor where the crew living crew Cabins this is my cabin in general three person in in the cabin and you have a view uh yeah a bit actually uh I do like the window in the cabin because uh from my previous previous experience I didn't have and it was all the time dark when you were sleeping during day you open your eyes it's dark I mean it's like night all all the time everything is in place for departure the serenity will be able to set sail Theodore pericos also Greek takes the helm okay guys cast off cast off B station for and after cast off Captain pish leaving the port is always a delicate maneuver the captain is assisted by a sailor a very tight actually the there are places where the draft it's only 3 m means the allowance from the kill it's only few cm and we are passing on the limits for this reason we should uh pass exactly in the middle of the canal Mr pilot here is very experienced to do that as his uh his job on this particular job on this area perfect thank you very much Captain thank you and be in touch thank you very much for everything byebye mission accomplished the serenity is now sailing the Open Seas destination jeda the second largest city in Saudi Arabia the trip will last only 5 hours but sailing in the Red Sea doesn't come without risk I don't forget that two days ago they had the attack with the drones from Yemen in uh Aros storage here in jeda this mean you know it has kind of dangerous because let's say if you are mostly the crew is out and passing from this area they can face danger situation faced with no choice the captain must deal with the danger before leaving he filled up the tanks with 22,000 L of diesel on the C Dau this would have cost over €40,000 Mega Yachts are fuel Hogs but there are alternatives surprisingly yachting may find its future on the Baltic Sea in Poland Gdansk the city of the former Lenin shipyards and the birthplace of the Zid Danos Trade union led by Le Vena responsible for dismantling the communist regime 30 years later Gdansk is experimenting with new technology that's revolutionizing the sector electric at the Forefront is Francis lap a Frenchman who left alsas when the wall fell in Poland he made his fortune in construction and started building Yachts 19 years ago Francis lap story is one of success orders are pouring in at his Shipyard 36 ships under construction and 10 in the finishing phase their primary selling point clean energy and environmentally friendly materials Francis lap has a team of 2,000 employees in order to remain at The Cutting Edge of Technology the boss relies heavily on research and development Francis son Stefan manages the latest technological innovations to provide clean energy for the boat's engines their secret is these unique solar panels assembled here by and the photovoltaic cells are able to adapt to any type of surface Francis lap takes us to see his greatest Pride his latest Innovation a completely ecological yacht his latest baby a 24 M catamaran it's to be launched in a week's time the boat will run solely on sail and solar energy B the only exception to being 100% ecologically friendly is the boat's generator backup energy in case of a lack of sun or in the event of a blackout the yacht will soon be sailing in the warm Waters of the Emirates baptized with the name Mari Joseph Mar Jose for Francis lap there is no question of selling this boat estimated at €7 million e it's his to keep for his own pleasure but also to promote this revolutionary catamaran a week later the ship is about to leave the icy cold of the Baltic for the warm Seas the Mari Josef is about to board a cargo ship for the United Arab Emirates scheduled to be one month The Crossing will cost Francis lap €300,000 the boat is due to be in Dubai in March for the annual yacht show but things will get more complicated than expected on a completely different continent welcome to Hong Kong a huge megalopolis with 7 million inhabitants the city has several ports on the China Sea including abedine on the south of the island here to get to the office the local version of a taxi a junk booat Eric Noel has been living in Hong Kong since 2013 and is also French after making a fortune in the toilet brush industry he went into the yacht business mer iic offers several services to his clients he sells Yachts but he also runs a yacht sharing company in other words he sells shares in boats each co-owner shares the costs and benefits La Marina CL at 50 Eric manages a team of 15 employees of six different nationalities okay for Adam his best salesman will be by his side today see you nobody see you Eric is on his way to a business meeting he has to meet a client who is potentially interested in buying a new boat Eric sold about 50 of them last year we have to listen and understand what he wants first yeah so he has that two boats before the family had 100 footer and he personally had a 50 he used to have an Atlantis 50 for Eric this is a great contact the potential buyer Gilbert is 40 years old and comes from a prominent family in Hong Kong he knows Eric By Word of Mouth we know Eric uh is a very good professional in this industry so we decided just to have a drink and and uh he lets you know what is our priorities and that's how we're we're together to today how old is the vote it was a 13 Predator 68 okay is it there seems to be a good rapport between the two parties But Eric is careful not to reveal too much and it's quite confidential so I can't talk too much but uh definitely uh G belongs to the type of family that can that we always has always had boat and we always have both in this part of the world and it's uh so it's very important that we stay close and I understand what they need what problem they encounter with the boats and to try to be as help let B very cool guy in the end the deal was not closed but discussions will continue Eric also has a passion for boating outside of work he often spends time in fet Thailand thank you very much in the United Arab Emirates petol dollars are a valuable currency particularly in the city of Dubai with its skyscrapers beaches and glamour beyond the cliches in the land of Black Gold a Green Revolution is underway an hour from the city center lies the Muhammad B Rashid solar Park the largest solar park in the world at the wheel of one of its company cars Francis lap far from the freezing temperatures of Poland it was here in the middle of the desert that his electric Adventure began it's now up to him to attract new customers the alaan entrepreneur is heading for the dubb marina every year in March the Dubai boat show is held here dozens of exhibitors from all over the world come to present their latest Productions an excess of luxury for a CLE onele with almost unlimited means Francis lap has done a great job on his stand to welcome the public he brought a dozen employees from Poland but there is a slight problem his boat the Marie Josef has still not arrived yes I I recognize you yes thank you yes I was just asking which one are you displaying the 0 Sing eing full electric but the sailing the boat will be in Dubai to end of the May ah okay anytime you can okay very good for Dubai already over a month late this risks losing business as the demand for clean energy boats at the show was very high I didn't honestly I didn't know that it exists in this way already I like K because they're more efficient I a Pioneer in the sector for the moment Francis lap is the only one here to offer an all El electric yacht with everything in place to celebrate the event the only thing missing now is the boat the Marie Joseph a highly anticipated fully eco-friendly boat is due to arrive in Dubai in a few days in the Red Sea on the other side of the Arabian Peninsula the serenity is approaching its destination after a smooth crossing the city of jeda is on the horizon at the helm the captain prepares to enter the port yeah you see Serenity I see that the entrance is clear uh when we start proceeding the jeda marina was opened after only 6 months of construction restaurants shops clubhouses and the building site itself were not yet fully completed but the port could already accommodate aund of the world's most luxurious Yachts like the Valerie an 85 M boat owned by a Russian oligarch the yacht was later seized in Spain it's the end of Serenity's journey and on Deck it's all systems go was very uh was gusting on the port side and the boat start coming very fast it's like every time a lot of stress no yeah of course yeah it was like a small Basin small Lake and the guys they start uh put dredgers and uh bulldozers and they dig this Marina I believe it's going to be the future Monaco and Maldives same time once the boat is mored the captain welcomes his future passengers Sim Upper Deck Upper Deck oh probably he's on the upper deck brid bridge deck okay let's go to his clients today a wealthy Saudi family specializing in events Hi how are you welcome on board this is my father Baba yes I remember Daddy how are you welcome on board Hi how are you nice to see you again for the next Formula 1 grand prix Mohammad and his father want to the for S days in Jed without even leaving the marina where loc the boat we'll go there there just the wall that's right next to the marina there okay okay sorry yeah over okay you want me to be there yes yes exactly yeah okay you want you want the bow or the St there oh whatever it doesn't matter but we're going to have a nice a couple of nice events in the next couple today we have something at night tomorrow also there's another uh another like lovely evening happening the best thing about it is the uh deck spaces you cannot get another 70 M I think with the same deck spaces the number of cabins and rooms but prioritize properly prior the cre and the yeah now you now you are talking number one is the crew and the captain both parties agree on the usual fee the family will rent the boat for €500,000 a week it is an invest we don't well so obviously some people take it for pleasure we do business here so we Charter the boat to do Hospitality uh F1 Hospitality you can watch the race from the boat uh we do catering uh five star catering you know you have uh we put screens all over the boats you can watch the the race itself so there's we do have a a business behind it it's not just for you know pleasure but after we're done we have two days where we you know take uh take the boat for our own pleasure we have friends family and we have you know have a good time here after in Saudi Arabia they make sure the parties always take place far from the public eye and away from the cameras in jeda however Yachts are the new attraction along the key side onlookers are admiring the spectacular boats what I'm wishing in only in my dreams to see this boats like that so it's like a castle everybody love it and I have to have one for the average person this dream is unattainable but some have figured out a way to enjoy a stay on a yacht in Thailand on the shores of the Andaman sea the town of fouet and its long beaches are overrun with tourists Eric Noel the French businessman based in Hong Kong is about to enjoy one of the Yachts he boarded the do Vita a 33 M boat that can travel at up to 30 knots the five crew members are preparing for his arrival everything must be impeccable everything's okay yeah no problem all under control waiting for the guest should be here shortly an hour later Eric Noel arrives with a group of friends and his wife yumiko thank you how are you very good thank you so much for bringing the board yeah today is her birthday to celebrate Eric took a week's holiday and organized a private cruise and out of the three boats he co-owns it's no coincidence that Eric chose the DOL Vita a true salesman Eric never misses an opportunity to show off his boats to his guests he focuses on the latest gadgets sit down here so press your two finger on this and this simultaneously that's a James B moment yeah yeah look yeah you press press awes where where's the Target now s a dining table and as you know I was born in France so I tried to get French products so this was the table from a French company I'm very proud because everybody love it and I think everybody that come on this boat end up buying one of those table they tell me so open it's like a mechanical watch you know so it goes from eight people to 10 people Captain your Charter customer normally they eat outside no inside the oh inside oh inside it's too hot outside sometime but at night for dinner yeah inside oh really but also outside it's depending it's depending theend many people I would like to e inside outside because don't like animals flying on my plate I show you downstairs s Master room same this this brand they make a pretty sliek boat is there no not the old age full of wood and heavy and full of mustic this is the opposite it's white it's light it's uh you know it's you just get to enjoy the view which is really what you want after the guided tour the guests relax at the back of the boat they share drinks and are served by two employees in the small pool or in the Eric makes a little trip out to sea on a paddle board towed by the boats tender yachting is first and foremost a pleasure but for the entrepreneur business is never far away Eric is well aware that super Yachts are only a reality for the Mega rich over the past two years Eric has become one of the top three yacht sellers in Asia his best deal a boat of almost 50 m the Frenchman does not intend to stop there yachting is his life and his wife yumiko speaks highly of it it's almost you know within the je it's you Unstoppable stoppable yeah passion it's passion yeah so I'm glad that he's in a business that what he's uh he's um genetically he's designed to you know it's not he not just he like like yeah he's in the right business yeah say despite these Precious Moments in a few weeks The Dol Vita will no longer belong to Eric but the businessman will soon be sailing on a different boat enjoying the Yachts is a plus to being in the business we return to Dubai to Francis lap the alaan entrepreneur who lives on the island of palm Jamira one of the most emblematic and shik areas in the city he lives there with his wife Muna Francis can finally relax his boat has just arrived for Mona is 38 years old and of tajic origin they met in Dubai 3 years ago the couple quickly fell in love with this house on the water line too visiting the couple are France's parents Marie and Joseph in their '90s they made a long journey from their Village in Elsas a 10-minute drive to the boat Francis pride and joy the Marie Josef left Poland more than two months ago the catamaran is due to arrive in a few minutes along its docks for Francis finally the long awaited moment his solar powered boat makes a spectacular entrance into the marina Francis son Stefan who works alongside him is also there for the occasion for speee [Laughter] the whole family is emotional a tribute to the region with the logo of the alaan pretzel fore before casting off Francis awaits the arrival of a distinguished guest close to the Amia shik Rashid al- makum is one of the highest dignitaries in Dubai hi my friend you are welcome back yes yes welcome back how are you fine fine yourness hello Madame how are you good thank you thank you congratulation congratulation this beautiful girl once everyone is on board the five crew members are busy it's time to set sail a yacht of the future the Marie Josef traces its wake and with it a new page in nautical history is written at the helm no stress the two electric motors meet all of France's expectations so now if you see the the wave in the back how much it is its maximum speed is 15 knots it's actually quite impressive it's just Electric engines it's very easy to operate the boat he doesn't need to do power management like on a lot of boats where you need to check what uses how much and you cannot have the fridge and the dishwasher and the cooking on this is Just Energy Management because we have way too much power anyhow so he just needs to keep the bat charged like an iPhone if it's empty start the generator or hope for sun easy life easy life exactly how much we have on the battery the battery we have 23 24° it's nice when you not hear nothing no vibration nothing yes you feel it's different take come now next to your yes to see what is this yes your first you're going to be popular yes everybody will talk about it today it's impressive now this new technology yes what do you think yeah everybody will talk about it as I told you this the the first one to come to UA the first solar cell boat an 80 not small one as Francis had hoped the Marie Joseph is a sensation a proud ship that sails without a drop of fuel and in complete silence there is no turning back the yachting world must evolve to rectify the disastrous impact on ecology the electric engine is only one of the possible Alternatives the next great promise for the sector that Fran's lap and other manufactur are working on is hydrogen a new Revolution that is already underway for

  Top Comments:
  1. @LMays-cu2hp [5 likes]: Thank you for sharing beautiful yachts. ☺ Smile
  2. @cq7415 [1 likes]: Some nice yachts. Thanks.
  3. @ominousmorty9173: You only chuck them on the floor when sleeping!
  4. @Veronicaping: Why does nearly everyone want mountains of cushions on their beds?
You only chuck them on the floor when sleeping!
  5. @ChristoperGMoore: What happens when the most powerful men on earth are trapped at sea with a mysterious killer among them? District #3 (set in 2036) tells the story of a super yacht owned by a Russian oligarch caught in a  deadly conspiracy and seeking to outwit an assassin..
  6. @svandalbear: "Town" of Phuket...... 🤣🤣
  7. @ionutmarius1001: To be honest, there are prisoners who have more space in their cells than the crew members. 11.25
  8. @parimal7528: Why American sycophants & wall street mafia yachts located at Dubai & Monaco are not given bad names but only Russian oligarchs?
  9. @deuspentaamor: Абрамов? То је јевреј.
  10. @notcoin: Lets get it
  11. @geoffrohde2886: (1) While you people are damning Roman Abromovich for being "The most infamous...", you might want to take note of the fact that he was the one who arranged for the prisoner exchange, when Putin wanted to just murder all of them instead. (2) If you people even imagine that it is physically possible to collect enough solar energy on the physical sze of a superyacht to actually run the boat, then your math skills are obviously wanting. Geoff Rohde
  12. @Jeff-z8i: ✝️❤💟☸️☸️☸️☸️☸️
  13. @Jeff-z8i: And the CURRENT RULE IN ENGLAND US NEVA GETTING RE ELECTED AGAINA UNGODLY AND CRIMINALS
  14. @Jeff-z8i: No wonder BROWSER SOOOO DULL LATELY
  15. @Jeff-z8i: Sea Wing Believing
  16. @Jeff-z8i: Ahhhhhhhhhhh
  17. @Jeff-z8i: Ecological and Comfort
  18. @Jeff-z8i: To SOLAR TANKS
  19. @patrickabas1112: KSA will never become a huge Yachting hub, simple because there is nothing to see and to go to. Same goes for Dubai. Lived in both countries and know the area well. Its a dated production as of the current situation with the drone attacks in the Red Sea yachting is out of the question.
  20. @philiphoel4290: Some of these "yachts" are equipped with radar, communication capabilities, and even provisions for mounting gun, that are equal to, or better than some countries Naval ships of the line. 
You can't convince me that some of these so called private pleasure craft aren't actually being used by countries hostile to the United States, as spy vessels.

- SuperYacht Factory where The INSANE Yachts are made🌊Production process inside MegaYacht yards: Kind: captions Language: en So this is the story of how the biggest and most expensive super yachts in the world are made. They cost billions of dollars to build in these shipyards. From the first sketch of a super yacht's appearance to its launch, it usually takes 2 to 4 years. Welcome inside Heason Yachts, a shipyard specializing in custom super yacht building. The difficult and expensive process of building any luxury yacht starts with keel laying. This is followed by further welding of the hull. in this case, the aluminium hull. The 260 ft superyacht Genesis was also built in this Dutch shipyard in the port of O. More than $200 million worth of super yachts are also built inside this yard. More than 1,000 highly trained workers work for this shipyard. As of 2024, 15 super yachts over 160 ft in length have been built here. There are currently seven yachts under construction. By welding the aluminum parts, the main hull of the yacht is formed. Right now, you are looking at the welding of Project Cosmos. This is the world's largest and fastest all aluminum motor yach with conventional propeller propulsion system. Interesting trend in super yachts is the fact that the age of owners has been decreasing in recent years. There are more and more young people who can afford a hund00 million yacht. Few Americans can afford to buy and maintain such a luxury yacht. Only dozens of super yachts are produced each year. Assembling the interior fittings of a luxury superyacht is a job for many months. The Hazen Yacht shipyard is situated in the southern Netherlands town of Oz. Covering 4.4 4 acres. The yard comprises nine construction sheds and five dry docks. Founded in 1978, Heason has launched more than 200 yachts since its inception, many of which have won awards. The almost finished Mega Yacht will now be moved to another hall in the shipyard where the finishing work will take place. The entire aluminium hull of the yacht can be carried by four massive cranes. They can move it between the ground and the water canal. This shipyard is located in the Burjamester Yansenhav, which is connected to the sea by [Music] canals. The company's 2024 revenue of $220 million was the highest in Heon's history to date. While almost half of all mega yachts are owned by wealthy Arabs in the Gulf region, over the last 30 years, the trend for luxury yachts has been to gradually increase the overall length. The production logistics of this yacht are very demanding to organize and especially the transportation of huge yacht parts requires long planning. With an unrelenting focus on quality, craftsmanship, and innovation, he has created one of the world's most impressive ship building legacies. 24% of all super yachts produced have owners from the United States. Owners from Russia own 9% of the world's super yachts. These super yachts typically spend less than 20% of their year underway. When in port, many continue to emit carbon dioxide from diesel-powered generators that support any guests or crew on board. A yacht is classified as a super yacht if it is longer than 246 ft. There are currently 5,396 superyachts over 98 ft in length operating in the world. [Applause] Motor yachts make up 84% of the global fleet and sailing yachts make up 16%. At Heon, the yachts are built entirely in house. This combination of cuttingedge engineering and quality craftsmanship creates unique career opportunities. Due to the great variability of the yachts produced, most of the work is done manually. While it may seem that producing super yachts worth hundreds of millions of dollars is a profitable activity, few shipyards in the world can do this profitably. One of the problems, for example, is finding new contracts because there are not that many multi-billionaires in the world. Moving a multi-tonon yacht is a demanding activity, and it is necessary to secure everything several times. Any damage would result in delays and losses of hundreds of thousands of dollars. If you would like to get such a super yacht, you need to have not only hundreds of millions of dollars for its acquisition, but also hundreds of thousands of dollars every year to maintain it and pay the crew. Behind every super yacht are hundreds of hours of designing the look and interior in the development department on computers. This is called yacht incline test. During the inclining test, the ship is inclined by transferring weights between the ship's sides, and the inclination of the ship is measured to determine the ship's characteristics. Painting the exterior of a yacht takes several weeks, and multiple coats of paint are applied to increase the durability of the paint. The yacht engines are always manufactured in a different Heesen factory and then installed in the finished hull. Now you are looking at the connection of the upper deck to the hull of the yacht by giant cranes. It is logistically more efficient to build the hole in the upper cabin separately first. Then the connection is made within a few hours. These footages were taken from inside the 195 ft Heason Ultra G mega yacht. Ultra G is one of Heissen's most powerful projects to date with a propulsion package totaling 22,000 horsepower. Please let me know in the comments section which of these yachts impressed you the most. This yard now has the capability to build yachts up to 272 feet in length. Now you are watching the almost finished yacht Cinderella Noel 4 from the Dutch shipyard Heason. The advantage is easy access to the hull from below. Once completed, this hanger fills with water and lifts the yacht. Heen is considered one of the world leaders in the design, construction, and engineering of all aluminum yachts. The volume of water that fills up here is like 21 swimming pools of water. Once the entire skeleton of the yacht is completed, the next challenging phase is the main assembly of the entire interior. This is the 164 ft luxury yacht Erica which was made entirely of aluminum. The accommodation is designed to sleep a maximum of 12 guests over six bright and comfortable on suite cabins serviced by a professional crew of nine to ensure that everything runs smoothly. Dutch water canals are widely used for transporting yacht holes. Although relatively narrow, they are deep enough for large boats or yachts. The mast with the radar is assembled with a crane as the last part of the yacht. This is due to the height restrictions of the production hall. This is how the design and testing of the resistance of the flowing water is carried out. And this is what advanced work inside the shipyard looks like. Building any super yacht is about planning and solving the problems that arise. A shipyard's capabilities are determined primarily by how capable the personnel it employs are. Rudder propeller combination eliminates cavitation and therefore noise and vibration. The luxury interior is completely personalized to the customer depending on how they ordered it. You can choose almost anything. One of the main reasons why super yachts are so expensive in the order of hundreds of millions of dollars is the costly interior fittings and various linings with expensive materials. Only the richest people on the planet buy these yachts and they tend to surround themselves with luxury. He's optimized low drag hole design with a reduced transom depth allows for a shallow shaft angle. In 2020, one of Heesen yachts, the Cosmos, was recreated in LEGO. More than 12,000 stones were used for this. With 500 permanent employees on its payroll and with 10,000 staff in the yard on a typical day, Heen is one of the top five employers in the city and municipality of in southeastern Holland. Welcome to the Lerson shipyard. The most expensive and largest mega yachts in the world are built here. You are now watching the Lerson shipyard near Brimman, Germany. It takes about 2 to four years to build a super yacht like this in a shipyard. This is how the 400 ft long super yacht Kismmet first touched the water in 2024. The yacht is valued at $360 million with an estimated annual running cost of $30 million. Even so, workers inside Lerson Shipyard have a salary averaging $75,000 a year. Only 1,500 workers are employed inside this Lerson shipyard. This shipyard is located on the Vizera River, which is directly connected to the world's oceans. Six of the 10 longest superyachts in the world built by Luren. Each manufacturing process starts with cutting the steel for the hull of the super yacht. The large welded parts are gradually put together to form the entire hull and deck of the super yacht. Most of the large parts of the yachts are moved inside the shipyard by a large crane that is built into the ceiling of the hall. By welding the parts together, the super yacht is born like a giant jigsaw puzzle, piece by piece. Some also use terms such as mega yak, gigayak, or even tererry. The 510 ft long yacht Lerson Blue is owned by Saudi Crown Prince Muhammad bin Salman who is 39 years old and the price of his yacht is estimated to be around $330 million. But as it happens in yacht building, the shipyard did not provide any information about the potential client. Most crew members live on board and are paid a monthly salary with most living expenses covered by the owner. In the field of super yachts, secrecy is also an important element. Billionaires don't like to show their homes and such a super yacht is their home where they spend a lot of time. German super yacht yard Lerson is set out to build the first yacht without a combustion engine. It will use hydrogen fuel cells powered by methanol. Characterized as symbols of great wealth and excessive consumption. Super yachts have been controversial due to their adverse environmental impact. According to one estimate, a super yacht is the single most polluting object a person can own, more so than private jets. This mega yacht has been under construction for three years. The global fleet of nearly 6,000 super yachts has expanded four-fold over the past three decades, reflecting a broader trend of wealth concentration. Billionaires use these super yachts to travel the world. They have complete comfort on board, including a helicopter for transportation, dock in port, and discover the most beautiful places in the world. Owners often take their friends, family, or business partners on their super yachts for exclusive trips. Usually, the capacity of these yachts ranges from 10 to 30 people. There are almost always more crew members aboard a super yacht than the number of people it can accommodate. The crew of the largest mega yachts often numbers more than 100 people. To give you an idea, one super yacht weighs about as much as 40 Airbus A380. Whereas yachts of 24 m and below may be constructed of fiberglass, larger yachts are more likely to be constructed of steel, aluminum, or composite fiber reinforced plastic. Such yachts may be considered super yachts and are more commonly at 130 ft or more in length. This yacht is built with a steel hull and composite superructure with teak decks. It can accommodate 56 crew members. Inside the superyacht is a hybrid propulsion massive engine. Exact specifications have not yet been released. In terms of features, the yacht has a pair of helicopter landing sites, a large helc at the bow, and a smaller helipad aft. Inside there is, for example, the Nemo Cinema. This is a cinema on the lower deck with a 150in screen. Before this hull is launched for the first time, a ceremonial christening takes place. On this occasion, a bottle of champagne is usually smashed against the hull to christen the yacht's name. When this boat enters the water, people are on board to enjoy a unique experience. This is a beautiful moment when it is first verified that the yacht will not sink. This yacht is a 400 ft long boat. It is designed for 20 guests in 11 rooms. Here the work on the exterior starts and at the same time the interior of the yacht starts to be finished. The main body of the yacht is now complete and the whole boat will be moved to another hall for final assembly. The owner is an American businessman born in Pakistan, Shad Khan. He's the owner of the NFL's Jacksonville Jaguars. Today, the company is run by the fourth generation, currently cousins Peter and Friedrich Luren. In the 1980s, the company employed over 1,400 people. After a temporary reduction of the workforce by about half, the number of employees was around 1,200 in 2007. In 2020, the company had around 2,800 employees, a large proportion of whom were engineers. Efficiency and the desire to be as environmentally friendly as possible were key factors for the technology on board. This yacht is equipped with a highly efficient diesel electric hybrid propulsion system developed by Lur's in-house engineering specialists. Support cranes in the ceiling of the hall are used to assemble whole yacht parts and all heavier items. This yacht was built by ADM shipyards. It is called YAS. Lersonen only refurbished this yacht in the shipyard in Hamburg. Every centimeter of interior and exterior space usage has to be presented, discussed, and agreed with the owner. Luren shipyard is very specialized in the conversion or refurbishment of super yachts. Whether the yacht is directly from this shipyard or from another, they can breathe new life into it with new technologies. They can do a top-notch refit or perhaps improve her performance. This Mega Lerson Opus with a length of over 460 ft was commissioned in 2021. It was built in 1981. It was modernized in 2021. Let me know in the comments section if such mega yachts should be built. The hull is made of steel and Opus has an operating speed of 22 knots. The crew totals 58 people and has a capacity of 36 guests in 20 cabins. Our fearless use of colors and textures as well as museum quality interior furniture pieces underline the approach of tremendous attention to detail not only in the interior spaces but also in the technical areas. The sale and delivery of the yacht have been coordinated with the Dutch authorities. It is not easy to estimate the exact number of yachts in the world because of private ownership and unregistered ones with reputable organizations. However, recent reports have estimated approximately 10,000 to 15,000 active yachts worldwide. Princess Yachts is a British manufacturer of not only super yachts, it is based in the port of Plymouth, England. The production process begins with the design of the yacht. in the design office. At the same time as the first parts of the yacht are being welded, the interior parts will also be produced. Working with wood is crucial for the production of luxury yachts. Thousands of parts are made of wood. Depending on the yacht model, dozens of types of wood are used. Princess Yachts have a huge warehouse in the halls near Plymouth. From beautifully finished bulkheads and doors to expertly crafted furnishings down to the wooden panels hidden beneath carpets and linings. The smallest wooden parts gradually become bigger and bigger. They are put together into large parts. Many of the joinery skills used by these woodworkers have changed little over the centuries, but more modern equipment has helped make the process easier and more efficient than traditional methods. Now begins the spraying of the protective resin layer on the underside of the yacht. This will not allow any water to penetrate the underside of the yacht. Across the hall of this shipyard, the skeleton of the yacht is moved by overhead cranes. Parts of the upper deck are gradually added to the hull of the yacht, piece by piece, like a huge jigsaw puzzle. At the same time the engine was assembled, it is now being moved over the yacht by a roof crane. Crane operators will now place the finished diesel engine into the Hall of the Future yacht. After the installation of the engine, the upper part of the deck of the new yacht from Princess Yachts will be added. Now the yacht seems to be almost ready. However, the bulk of the work is only now beginning. The production of smaller yachts takes over 10 months. However, the interior of the yacht starts to be assembled after all parts of the yacht have been assembled. Just like working with wood, working with metals on a yacht is an important part of the production process. This is Princess 35M. The innovative cockpit has a unique aft and forward section which can be configured in a variety of configurations. You will find plenty of space made even more pleasant by the huge panoramic windows. Inside each yacht are dozens to hundreds of kilometers of wiring. Everything must be carefully installed and plotted on the yacht's plans. Princess Yachts currently employs over 3,000 people and produces around 300 boats and yachts per year. In addition to luxury materials, the high quality is also achieved by the care and precision of the employees who build these yachts. This super yacht is called Princess 40M. It is over 130 ft long and has a twin MTU 12V engine. Inside this yacht, there are sunbathing areas, a spa bath, beautifully sized dining areas, and a beach club entrance. A finished yachts of all sizes are often transported not only to their future owners but also to trade fairs. In this case, it is necessary to transport the giant yacht to the exhibition center in Dusseldorf, Germany. The transport is handled by Princess employees in cooperation with a transport company that deals with this issue. This whole operation is relatively expensive. However, it only takes one yacht sold and all costs are paid. Since 1965, Princess Yachts luxury yacht builder have striven to deliver voyages of endless possibility to each and every customer. and continue to do so by building yachts to universal acclaim in the southwest of England. Princess Yachts operates in 119 countries, whilst their shipyards cover a combined area of over 1.1 million square ft. The production of super yachts is a process composed of hundreds of processes that build on each other. The production of every super yacht from any manufacturer starts with a computer aided design. Depending on the season, super yachts may be most frequently found in the Mediterranean or the Caribbean. Many are available for charter at prices that exceed $100,000 per week. The design is followed by welding of the main structure of the yacht. This is Diamond shipyard in Turkey. A giant scaffolding is built around the super yacht from which the rivets are welded. After welding the keel of the ship, painting begins in a special hall in the shipyard. After painting the yacht, the main assembly begins. Whereas commercial large yachts may carry no more than 12 passengers, private yachts are solely for the pleasure of the owner and guests do not carry the passenger restriction. Yachts may be identified by flag the country under which a yacht is registered. I will now show you the process of welding and manufacturing an explore yacht from Amals. The Explorer brand are expedition yachts that are iconic for unrivaled Dutch craftsmanship. These huge propellers are cast in another factory and then shipped by rail for final assembly. It takes several months to weld all parts of the super yacht hull. In the meantime, work is being done on the interior parts of the ship. The average cost of a 328 ft super yacht is around $300 million. Inside this factory, the individual parts of the super yacht, which are imported from subcontractors, are assembled together. Explorer super yachts carry smaller boats inside and a helicopter can land on board. Now, let's take a look inside Fade Ship's shipyard. A large part of Fade Ship's orders are conversions of older yachts. The yachts arrive by water and are then loaded onto land by cranes and taken inside the factory. This is the production process at the Fade ship shipyard. This ship is nicknamed project 1011. Yachts are moved around the shipyard between different parts of the factory. This is Feedship Project 821 is the world's first hydrogen fuel cell mega yacht owned by Bill Gates. Between 1998 and 2008, European production of super yachts grew by 228%, ending the period with a total production of 916 units and $10 billion in orders. Feedship calls it a super yacht, but technically at 390 ft and an interior volume of over 7,000 GT, it's a mega yacht. Fade ship, which is shortcut first export association of Dutch ship builders, was founded in 1946. It takes an average of 3 to four years to build a fully custom super yacht. Boats built on speculation by a shipyard offer shorter delivery times, which is a great option for yacht owners who don't want to wait. Super yacht builders and yacht charter companies are predominantly based in Western Europe and the United States, but are also found in Australia, New Zealand, Asia, and Eastern Europe. The Domen Group is a Dutch defense, ship building and engineering conglomerate company based in Gorinkham, Netherlands. The C Explorer 77 is a luxury expedition yacht. The design is part of the sea explorer range from Diamond Yaching. This is the 1,2th project from Fade Ship, a custom super yacht. The length is 300 ft. It was designed by Saut and owner. Despite its size, there are cozy spaces inside that can be used by the whole family. Yachts morted at the shore in the shipyard during construction. This Sea Explorer embodies a combination of AML's super yacht pedigree and Domin commercial ship building knowhow. The Sea Explorer is the ultimate crossover luxury explorer. Now the huge ropes are cut and the yacht is launched for the first time. Boats and yachts are launched at sea by these workers who cut the holding lines. AML superyachs are built on the solid foundation of craftsmanship and Dutch yacht building excellence. Sophisticated, timeless classics that combine generations of experience and elegance with evolution and innovation. This oceangoing platform is at home in the most charming ports and romantic small bays. Captains and crew all remark on her exceptionally maneuverable, comfortable, and quiet nature. Since around 2010, the company has been producing two models at a time. Currently the AML 50 and Aml 60. This yacht is brought ashore by this lifting platform and then transported on rails inside the factory. This is a 190 ft long super yacht called Pink Shadow. This is how easy it is to mount the antenna on this super yacht with a crane. Pink Shadow is also the first Sea Explorer model to have been built at the yard site in Antalya, Turkey, with construction on the custom Explorer started on speculation. The yard said that the owner intends to use the yacht for globe trotting exploration and has a range of 5,000 nautical miles at 11 knots. This super yacht can accommodate 12 guests and six cabins with a complement of 15 crew plus two expedition staff. The second unit in the new 160 ft Mangasta 165 Ryv series has been launched in the presence of her owner and construction team at the overarine shipyard in Vajio Italy. The Massa plant is dedicated to forming and rolling activities needed in manufacturing large composite yachts. An internationally renowned shipyard upholding the highest standards in quality, technology, engineering, and production capacity. As the future flagship of Dom and yaching, this 390 ft incorporates the latest in design and technology features. Scheduled for delivery in 2025, the AML 120 full custom is currently the largest super yacht inbuild in the Netherlands and the largest Aml to be built to date. To limit her impact on the environment, the super yacht will be powered by diesel electric propulsion powering the Kongsburg Elegance Pods. The maximum speed is 18 knots, can accommodate 22 guests. The Baluchi family founded Mangusta in 1985 located in Tuscanyany near Masa Fjo and Pisa. Mangusta Yachts, a brand of the Overmarine Group, has completed the sixth unit in its entry-level range, the Mangusta 104. This is how it will be laid down on the water. This is Nobus Artifact Super Yacht. Equipped with a cuttingedge hybrid propulsion system and solar panels, the yacht is both powerful and eco-friendly. One of the world's first super yachts to meet Tier 3 emissions regulations. The artifact yacht is owned by Mike Lazaritus, the founder of Blackberry, and is estimated to be worth $150 million. This is the Mangusta Grand Sport 33. This is how it was first finished in the shipyard. The Mangusta Grand Sport 33 is equipped with four Volvo Penta 735 kW engines coupled with four IPS pods 1,350 drives. This is privately owned custom yacht builder called Oceano. This yard has been operating since 1987 and focuses on mega yachts over 260 ft in length. Although Omani billionaire Muhammad Al Barwani is the owner of Ocean Co. He is an Omani billionaire businessman, the founder and chairman of MB Holding Group of Companies which operate in oil and gas exploration and production, oil field services, engineering and mining. This is Ocean Co. Project Jubilee, 360 ft long mega yacht. This mega yak was sold in 2017 for a total of $288 million. The production process for each Ocean Co. Super yacht begins with a computer aided design. Designers take several months to come up with an overall look which must then be translated into a precise building plan. The capacity of this yard is limited. It can only produce two super yachts at a time. And in 2022, Ocean Co was building a $417 ft 500 million super yacht for Jeff Bezos, owner of Amazon. Oshenko shipyard is definitely one of the best companies focusing on mega yachts. This luxury yacht manufacturer is characterized by a tiered upper deck. Ocean specializes in customization. Whatever the client can think of with some limitations, they can build here. Thousands of tons of heavy mega yachts move around the shipyard with the help of massive tractors on mamouette rollers. The production hall of the shipyard has limited height and the radar mast will be mounted outside. In the case of a large number of orders, the yard often employs extra staff for night shifts and works almost around the clock. Several more weeks will be spent testing engine performance, controls, and other testing of the Mega Yacht. Several more weeks will be spent testing engine performance, controls, and other testing of the Mega Yacht. To paint the exterior of the super yacht, a large scaffolding must be erected around it. Several activities are being worked on at the same time. Something is being welded and at the same time the exterior is being prepared. Engines and furniture are being made. For the first transport, mega yacht engines are not yet used but moved tugboats. In 2010, the shipping company built a new dry dock that now allows it to build yachts up to 450 ft in length. The company operates from its expanded production facility located in Alblaster Dam near Roderdam in the Netherlands. It is interesting to watch a boat on the water that is not sailing but is being carried on another boat. The reason for this is the shallow water in this channel. The yacht is taken to a special dock where the water is filled and the yacht sails to another part of canal. This is what the completion of the Sea Explorer 77 by Diamond Yaching looks like. This special yacht has an interesting golden brown exterior color. CX Explorer is a line of luxury super yachts that specialize in cruising the inhospitable parts of the oceans. On the upper deck, you will find the helport. Great emphasis is placed on a spacious interior. Diamond yaching is a company that deals with boat building of all kinds. However, Amals is a division of Domin that only builds super yachts. The Sea Explorer 77 you are looking at right now is 252 ft long and has a capacity of 12 guests. She also provides eight staterooms for 16 guests, including a marvelous 80 ft full beam master. Her floor to ceiling windows invite a maximum amount of natural light, accentuating her spacious open interior layout and is propelled by Rolls-Royce diesel electric propulsion engines. The engine room with the drivetrain is the heart of any ship. A long training of the whole crew is required to operate it. Pride Mega Yachts are worldclass expert yacht manufacturers based in China's Yantai Peninsula. This illusion plus yacht is currently the longest super yacht ever built in Asia. Her impressive architectural design drawn up by Azure Naval provides immense deck spaces perfectly furnished to ensure maximum comfort. Inside you'll find a wealth of luxury options from a jacuzzi, cinema, massage room, and many more living rooms bedrooms. So, this is an Italian ship building and yaching company, Benetti. Right now, you are watching the assembly of a luxury yacht at the shipyards in Levoro, Italy. The engines for boats and yachts are supplied by subcontractor Caterpillar. Now workers inside the factory are assembling the giant propellers. Benetti has a total of three shipyards, Viejo, Fono, and Lavo. Workers are now concentrating on electrification and painting the exterior at the same time. After the interior is painted and assembled, the super yacht will be launched. As you can see in this video, the production processes and procedures are very similar in all shipyards around the world. The super yacht is slowly lowered into the chamber, which is then filled with seaater. The yacht is now ready to sail, but there will still be a number of tests and adjustments to be made before she is handed over to her owner. Azimood and the Benetti group have a combined total of around 2,300 employees across all yards combined. Benetti's largest super yacht is the 355 ft FB275 which was built in 2019. The new Oshano building shed holds 52.5 million L of water. Or to put it in perspective, it would take a whopping 21 Olympic size swimming pools to fill up the new Oanco building shed. And it takes 11 hours to fill the new Ocean Co shed with all that water. This exceptional Allistar aluminum motor yacht is the world's largest true sportfish yacht with her towering profile accommodating six decks. Her design is extremely distinctive with a long bow and high bull work sweeping through a clear shear to a low and uncluttered cockpit aft. It was efficiently built by a shipyard team of more than 350 individual experts and highly skilled co-creators. This is what the start of production of a super luxury yacht by the Dutch company Royal Husman looks like. This is Royal Husman's main shipyard at Volenhov on the Dutch coast. This is what the production of the project 408 ke looks like. With a total length of 213 ft, the luxury yacht charter industry functions effectively because private yacht owners mitigate their running costs with charter income as well as keeping their yachts and crew in top running order. The main focus of this yacht will be high performance. It features Allistar aluminium construction, a carbon rig, and an integrated Rondal sailing system. As you can see, right now, the production halls of the shipyard are located right next to the canal that is connected to the sea. Charter contracts usually include an advanced provisioning allowance, a deposit to cover such operating expenses as food, fuel, and birthing. Over 370 Royal Houston employees work in the shipyard. They focus on the production of super yachts. This is Royal Husman's classic catch. This ship building company was founded in 1884. The longest yacht produced by Royal Husseman is 296 ft. However, this length will certainly be surpassed in the coming years. The shipyard's main hall allows the construction of holes longer than 320 ft. This is the 155 ft Super Yakut Mlaya and is now being taken out of the shipyard's production hall by a giant tractor trailer. Here you can see how many Royal Heisman workers it takes to build a super yacht like this. Nearly 100 experienced workers. Now the super yacht Nlayia is ready to make her first contact with the water. The operating speed of this yacht is 17 knots. The yacht is 11% lighter than conventional aluminium super yachts. This is the production project 403 which is 192 ft long motor yacht called PHI at the Volenhov shipyard. Developed and constructed to remain below 500 gross tons. She is by far the longest motor yach in this category worldwide. PHI has normal cruising speed is 12 knots and her maximum is over 22 knots. The interior design was designed by Londonbased studio Lawson Rob. PHI is the formula that governs the continuation of dimensions and shapes in natural proportions throughout the design. Transportation of the main welded parts of the yacht skeleton is solved by powerful trucks. The connection of the two main parts of the yacht takes place inside the factory using giant cranes built into the ceiling of the production hall. The connection takes place before the ship is painted and before the interior equipment, engines, and much more are fitted. When moving the entire yacht, there are always several workers assisting in checking that everything is going well. The worker with the joystick only controls the direction of the wheels. The power to pull the whole yacht is handled by the truck in front. After joining the bridge, which is the highest point of the yacht, it already acquires its future beautiful aerodynamic shape. Here you can see that a huge amount of aluminium alloy is used to build this yacht. Once painted, this blue fi yacht can be launched into the canal and then taken out to sea. Capacity of this beautiful super yacht is 12 guests plus luxury penthouse suite for the owner. It can also accommodate up to 11 crew members at the same time and the capacity can be raised if required. PHI is also equipped with two gyro stabilizers for added comfort. Inside you will also find an infinite wine celler. As you can see right now, the Royal Husseman shipyard complex is not very large. A large number of parts are assembled at other locations, and finished parts are delivered to the main hall. Royal Hoosman owns a large number of facilities throughout the Netherlands, which are interconnected by water canals. Using a giant tractor with dozens of wheels, the yacht is transported close to the water. Now the yacht will take to the air. Two giant cranes will launch the yacht for the first time. Everything must be insured and extreme caution is in order. Tens of millions of dollars are now up in the air. The last stage of production is the assembly of the antenna and radar tower. This is an Goni super yacht with an estimated price of $50 million and an annual operating cost of around $1 million. Despite her huge sail area, Goni has a manual steering system without power assistance that is light yet firm, responsive, and adjustable. This is how the largest hull was assembled here with a length of 295 ft. At first, the yacht's hull was all welded upside down. To turn it over with cranes, it has to be taken out of the production hall. Turning the hull of the yacht is an important milestone in the build process. It marks the start of the outfitting during which various carefully selected and especially developed components will be fitted. This vessel will be both extremely lightweight and compared to existing carbon composite super yachts very competitive in riatas. Turning the hull of a super yacht is also a phase of production for other yachts at the Royal Husman shipyard. For example, you are now watching the fuselage rotation of the Royal Hman project 406. Yes, even this 171 ft long luxury yacht manages to turn four large cranes. Now you can see the turning of the largest super yacht hole in the Volenhov shipyard, Netherlands. It has an impressive length of 266 ft and a sturdy vertical bow. Project 400 is the largest yacht built inside this Royal Hughesman shipyard. The owner of this super yacht is a lucky man living in Asia. It is a sailing yacht called Sea Eagle II. Despite her massive sail area, all three main sails can easily be hoisted at once, taking no more time than required for a sloop of half this size. Nearly 60 years of aluminum yacht building experience have provided the shipyard with a level of expertise in constructing holes of this material that few shipyards can match. Advantages are lightness, acceleration, strength, and fuel efficiency being just a few characteristics of a true sailing yacht versus a heavy sailass assisted motor yacht. Please let me know in the comments section which of these super yacht manufacturers is your favorite and for what reason.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Yachtory [38 likes]: Can you imagine working in a shipyard like this, helping to assemble luxurious Megayachts? 🔧⚓
  2. @ze-z9f: police portugais di stato
  3. @ze-z9f: polcie España fruntiri
  4. @_Willem_: Don't exaggerate  it's NOT BILLIONS...BUT MILLIONS
  5. @hassanh9610: The definition of super yacht definition at 4:20 is incorrect. It is generally a boat exceeding 24 meters (80 feet)  {not 280} in length, used for pleasure.
  6. @randalsmith2713: Yes, look at the many people who are employed to build and maintain them, not to mention the crew.
  7. @craigcooknf: 10:23 Stones????
  8. @amyjinkerson-y7v: before any work is started the future owner has to  sign  off on the design
  9. @Rio-by1eh: Just to clarify- yachts are a representation of MONEY LAUNDERING BUSS $$$$$… just remember that it’s mostly DARK MONEY
  10. @LisaMarshella-d1u: Mami only loved Bebi mami, host voices this clip sound, darling son genius! 😊
  11. @lenny108: Among the list provided, Lürssen is the only company based in Germany. The others are predominantly Italian (Benetti, Sanlorenzo, Riva, Fincantieri) or Dutch (Feadship, Damen Yachting).
  12. @patrickfarnburn5704: It’s handy to know that Gamma is just round the corner, in case you’re short of an M3 screw.
  13. @christianstill.6654: only the poor worry about the environment. 
The rich make regulations because of it.
  14. @Perpetually_Confused: So Fadeship build yachts for genocidal maniacs... Got it...
  15. @lowietriton: Take a look at Feadship
  16. @JoséMiguelMontalbMontalv: Me faltó marcarlo Conmi Apellido rápido y mantenerlo En público  0:27 
En todas lados en grande
  17. @ZafriusRasnake: God Hates us all
  18. @Glenn-u8z: Conspicuous consumption...

Hard to get excited about the further gap between rich and poor. I'm ok with rich people but things are getting out of hand
  19. @eastparkhome: And you suckers, are paying for it with your credit card at the gas pump!
  20. @adamkrause5702: My fleet on the way for my every day

- Inside the world’s most spectacular superyachts | SLICE SCIENCE | FULL DOC: Kind: captions Language: en [music] It's farewell to dry land and welcome to paradise beyond your dreams. We're leaving on a perfect voyage, a cruise to the rhythm of wind and waves. A unique maritime experience with the incredible sensation of gliding and flying over the ocean. For the duration of this report, we're offering you a cabin aboard the five biggest and most beautiful yachts in the world. Our extraordinary cruise begins in the south of Turkey in a wild and beautiful bay. We have a date aboard the Savverona, a former steam yacht, 136 m long, built in Hamburg in 1931 for an American millionaire. Her owner is a wealthy shipping magnate, Mr. Caraman, who as usual is a man in a hurry. >> [music] >> He loves to spend a few hours aboard his great white boat, a vessel that he considers a vast floating lounge, a beautiful reception room that he rents out from time to time to well-healed clients. Aboard the Sabverona, the crew is already standing by. Nitin, the head steward, is awaiting his boss's arrival. Saurona means the one kind of swan in Africa and way if you see the way she's designed and when she sail is beautiful beautiful when you go around the you know Greek island or coast of Italy south of France beautiful to sail with and very very nice ship to sail outside the yacht appears sick. But inside it's a very comfortable cocoon. We discover a mixture of traditional Ottoman antiques, old carpets, historic furniture, and sculptures from the 30s. Not to mention, of course, the inescapable touch of luxury. Because when I took this boat about 16 years ago from the Turkish government, it was in a very bad shape. It was like a scrap. And the Turkish government sold the yacht to Turkish Navy scrapyard for $6,000. And that time I called the president of the Turkey and I told him it's shame we are scrubbing the Atatur vessel and he didn't know he called the navy the top general and council to go to the scrub and then he turned to the ship to me and I rebuilt the boat completely in my shipyard took about 2 and 1/2 years >> and then at the heart of the Savverona lies a little museum museum dedicated to the memory of President Ataturk. Mr. Caraman, like many of his fellow countrymen, practices a veritable cult [music] of the founder of modern Turkey to the point of even looking like him. >> This is one of his last picture which he feels better and which he can have a conversation with his other generals on the Saurona. And 4 days later they moved straight to the this bed. And when they was taking his blood, you can also see the blood is in the cover of his bed. And he was also sleeps here about 10 days. And that time the Saburona, it was a steam turbine engine. There was a little vibration on the boat. What they did they bring the one of the Turkish submarine on the start port side with the battery system they give only this room electric and they shut the generators down and they keep only the power in this room. What he says to doctor I never had any toy in my [music] life. This is the only one toy I had in my life. Please [music] keep me until the last moment on the boat. Once Ataturk's bedroom is locked, we take a little tour of the boat that is the pride of a whole nation. >> Party for our ship go. >> First, we pass through an immense dining room for diplomatic dinners. >> And then a maze of corridors and bedrooms. Welcome and goodbye dinners in here. And here is the entrance of into our room. A little further on, a bathroom in precious materials. And finally, in the vessel's former holds, an unexpected discovery. We step out of the lift into a stifling heat. That of the Savverona's Turkish bath, a room that is decorated with 30 tons of marble. An absolute first on this type of large yacht. But our visit ends here because this evening, Mr. and Mrs. Caraman are entertaining aboard the Savverona. The guests are for the most part the owners of the large yachts anchored in the Bay of Gochek. With a rapid and expert eye, Madam seeks out the least little detail that might mar the Sverona's excellent reputation in the tiny world of luxury yaching. >> When uh with this yacht, we enter the harbors marinas [music] especially in Europe. Uh I like to see the admiration in the eyes of the people looking at Saurona because this is such a unique yacht. Everybody appreciates it. Here [music] we are going to another city, another part of the Turkey and the people just making a queue 2 kilometers to come and touch the Ataturk furniture and get the smell the same atmosphere. I mean this boat here has some life. Uh I mean I built one of the biggest yacht in the world called platinum. Now is the name is changed to Dubai but when I was in the boat the boat means to me like a small passenger vessel. He didn't have any feeling. I am the owner of this boat since 15 years and I never even touch and sleep in the [music] attach room. All night long, the sound system cranks out enough dB to awaken the whole bay. >> The music, extremely western, might well surprise the honorable Ataturk if he was still of this world. The following morning, only the crew is left aboard. The owners have flown off to Istanbul, where in a few weeks, the Savverona would take up her winter quarters. >> On the upper deck, Hine uses his free time to catch up with news of his daughter. He hasn't seen her for 3 months. I have a lot of story to tell her because she's 6 months of my daughter when I get older and when she get bigger and I will explain where I work and where I've been because of my job. I've been 110 countries around the world. That will be my last carrier to work at sea will be Savona. After the Saburona, I will not work anymore at sea. I want to finish one of the historical top and biggest nonro yacht in the world with Saurona. I have to tell a lot of story here about because this ship where we are now is a history. But it's now time for us to leave the majestic lines of the Savona to join another vessel a little further north in the Mediterranean. We are at anchor somewhere off the coast of Croatia. The champagne is flowing freely. It's almost 6:00 in the evening. The passengers on the Royal Clipper, the largest sailing ship in the world, are awaiting the maneuvers. Atmospheric music gradually swells. The great adventure is about to begin. >> Coming out. >> It's good wind, eh? We can sail like at least the music is, you know, [music] a lot of people like this music. They're crazy for this music and of course for the sales also. In just a few minutes, 5,000 square meters of sail are hoisted. It's much more pleasant to be on a wooden boat like this than on one of those American floating cities. >> It's much more beautiful, isn't it? >> It gives me goosebumps. >> Freedom. It's great. It's calm. >> It's a dream come true. >> On the bridge of the Royal Clipper, the gigantic five master is the man who brings the sunshine in the showers. The sole master aboard, Captain Seai. Best moment of the day when we're leaving as usual. Sails coming up with this music and sun is coming down, sunset. Yeah, it's something you see. You you feel yourself when you're on open deck, very close with the mother nature. Yeah. Really, it's something Yeah. very personal. Yeah. Can be on on any merchant ship. Yeah. Really? For me, it's not a problem. Yeah. But you know the point of course I like sailing. First of all, why I'm on board? I like sales. I like sailing gear. This one of the main idea. And of course, I feel myself also like not maybe what you say 100 years ago, like a 500 years ago like a Christopher Colon. I feel myself also sometimes like this. Yeah. When you have sales up, what changed? Nothing changed. Yeah. It's only 500 years. What is it for mother nature? It's nothing. Yeah. >> Attention. All stations, all square sales out, all square sales, one except on the main port. >> Behind this new concept of cruising known as Authentic is a Swedish ship owner. His name is Michael Craft. He built this enormous sailing ship from plans of a German clipper built in 1902, the Poison. >> ever since he was a young child. Michael Craft has always been fascinated by the life of deep sea sailors. These brave crews who in the 19th century rounded Cape Horn and the Cape of Good Hope come hell or high water. Since my childhood, I've always been very interested in big wooden ships. My uncle was the last Swedish captain of a fourmasted merchant ship called the Albatross. I've I've always been interested in that kind of sailing ship. And of course, it was a lot of hard work to recreate it in a nostalgic way. Nowadays on the Royal Clipper, no more rolling and pitching, but just enough physical activity to work off the excess food and drink of the previous night. >> You must admit that on board it's hard to resist temptation. The meals are gigantic. There's an army of waiters, cooks, and wine waiters who are there to ensure that your least wish is their command. There are also 100 crew members from chambermaids to engineers by way of massers and sports instructors. At €3,000 a cruise, the passengers have the impression of a sensation-packed voyage. We slip behind the doors bar. >> Now we're in my cabin, which I share with the head of spa and the nurse. It's not huge, but we have different schedules, so it's okay. Most of the time, we don't have to fight about the surface or about the shower or anything like that. >> Well, of course, because you're on this ship all the time, right? And as soon as you're in a passenger area, you have to or you want to you behave and you talk to new people all the time and you're you have to just obey some of the rules, right? But when you're in the crew mess, you're in the cabin, that's when we're off. Like that's our free time. That's for you. When you go home and you're with your family, we go home and we go home to this or we go home and we go to Kumas. So when somebody else comes in who's not supposed to be there, it's very like, okay, what's going on now? You know, should we go get our uniforms or anything like that? >> There's no more time to chat because Captain Say has called action stations. >> It's almost 6:00. >> And there's that inescapable music again. Before the sails are hoisted, some passengers give themselves a final thrill more than 20 m above the waves. >> Excellent. It was beautiful. Perfect. quite impressive. >> Oh my god. You can see for miles. >> I think it's a car commercial that says something like, "If only my friends could see me now." Is that a car commercial? God, >> the Royal Clipper has set course for Sicily, where a gale warning has been issued. But there's nothing to worry about. There's a rumor among the passengers that a descendant of Christopher Columbus is at the helm. And with this picture postcard image, we set our course for the paradise archipelago of the Maldives, for an even more luxury cruise. Among the owners of huge yachts, there are those born with a silver spoon in their mouth. And there are the others. 50 years ago, this man was at the wheel of a combine harvester. Today, after having made a fortune in the bakery business in London, Andreas Liberas is at the helm of a floating empire. He owns the most expensive yachts in the world, vessels that he rents by the week for a million dollars without extras. His yacht, Alysia, has dropped anchor in the Mald dives. Once on board, it's almost a ritual. Andreas loves to remind his guests that before having built one of the most expensive yachts in the world, he was just a simple Greek criate farmer. We don't have blood inside. We have sea water. All the Greeks love the sea and we love the sea and the boats and this goes through the families. And our best place, of course, our favorite place is the boat. Uh we have a lot of houses and a lot of factories and so on, but um the boat is our um our pride. >> Mr. Liver has come to spend a few days on his yacht in the company of his granddaughter from London, Natasha, who is discovering the Mald Dives Archipelago for the first time. >> In the sea with pipes and they suck the sand, put them there and then bring the trees for >> beaches are white and pure and the sea's absolutely stunning. But I found that the only way to travel around between all the islands is by yours. So that's what make it such a a unique experience for me traveling around on the yachts, the beautiful islands. Can't think of anything better. Can you? >> That's if you can afford it. >> That's true. Yeah. The people that come down here are >> Yeah. very wealthy. >> Yeah. >> They don't all have a grandfather. >> No. Not one like you. They're very lucky. Bubbles, more bubbles, always bubbles. This is real luxury according to Andreas, for whom the cruise seems to be off to a good start. Alysia is one of the most expensive yachts in the world today. You have to budget for more than €100,000 per day if you want to enjoy this extremely luxurious jewel box with some occasionally kit features. >> Of course, that's €100,000 without counting a full tank of fuel, food, and tips. >> But if you lose, don't ask no questions. The only game you know is hard to understand. >> This boat we have 18 rooms and of course the master room. It's the owner's state room and the charter estate room. If we have a charter, one of them plays the money, he has to have the best. And this is uh we made it spacious and we made it in the right place for view so that we can see the lights and then we can see when we are going forward. This is the best view of the boat. Here we don't really have the time to enjoy the lovely view and the decoration which is supposed to appeal to the wealthy of the planet. >> We have a rendevous in the ship's hold for a little surprise. The man of the hour has an air of great power. The dudes have him for so long. Oh, super. >> This is the envy of every yacht owner. Everybody now who built a new boat wants to copy us. They want to have this beautiful spa. They want to have the Cleopatra part, the which you will see in a minute. If they want to have the the aromatic part, they want to have the massage room, the facial room, the nails, the uh pedicure, manicure, absolutely everything. This is where nobody has this place. No other boat has got a spa like this. And everybody is trying to cop it now. Life is hard aboard Alicia. Formerly the prestige yachts would head for the Caribbean in winter. >> But now, and Mr. Leveras has decided so, the Indian Ocean and the Maldives are the fashionable destination. An ideal spot to cruise in tranquility. Far from the common pleasures of Sanrope or Monte Carlo, but it's been my life holding [music] you. If I ask you more than 1 million times to [singing] forive [music] me. On the giant bridge of Alysia, we find a loyal member of the Liver clan, Captain Nikos. He has no hesitation in comparing his navigation system to that of the Queen Mary. >> across all the Atlantic Ocean with uh Gale. Not Gale all these days, two weeks, but 3 days we had very hard gale with stabilizers, not any problem that she comes overboard, but she was going uh straight without any deviation. Very nice. >> So, it's not a floating hotel. It's also good uh good. >> Good for navigation. It's very good for navigation. Uh, I never afraid to cross all the oceans with that message. >> We're heading for the beach at last. It's not that he feels cramped on Alisia, but from time to time, Andreas likes to set foot on dry land. >> My body is like my woman. I like from top to bottom. >> This is my lady. This is the most beautiful lady in the world. Inside and outside. >> Okay. >> Paradise is very nice. Paradise is very nice. Paradise. Very nice. Paradise is very nice. Come with me. >> Contrary to appearances, Mr. Leveras is never on holiday. Wherever he drops anchor, he never forgets business. >> 37 499,440. Correct. >> Alysia is really just a second office for him. Our ship owner's real holidays will only have lasted a few hours. It's time for him to get stuck back into his countless charter contracts whose rates seem obscene to the common run of mortals. >> Building a boat is like a plant for me. I like to see a plant growing and then you see the flower. Building a boat is the same. You start from the steel. You look at the steel and say this is going to be a boat. Uh it comes slowly it comes but at the end the decoration the the the little things that they have to go inside of the boat the thinking of what the customer would like and what they wouldn't like. For example um we have Muslim clients and we have Christian clients and and we have to think and arrange for everybody's For us, it's nearly the end of this business cruise aboard Alysia. Andreas entertains the clients from the local palaces one last time. Tomorrow morning, he will be flying to France where his architects are waiting for him. >> In a few months time, he plans to build two other boats twice as big as Alysia. His next yacht will be named after his granddaughter, Natasha. That's definitely worth one more for the road. We must fly and this time to colder waters. Direction the south of England. Southampton to be precise. >> The crew of the Queen Mary 2 prepares to cast off for a legendary voyage. Seven days non-stop. Seven days to reach New York and the Statue of Liberty. At the helm of this steel monster is Captain Nick Bates. >> Okay, take over control in the center now. Steering 135. Nick Bates is more than a little proud to command this ship, which is 345 m long and 72 m high, the equivalent of 23 floors. His ship, the Queen Mary, is a ship unlike any other. Launched from the Atlantic shipyards in 2004, she can speed along at more than 25 knots [music] under any weather conditions. Among the passengers yet to find their sea legs is a young French writer, Nicholas Desten Dves. This is his first voyage on the high seas. >> You discover the real meaning of contact with the elements. By that I mean you usually cross the Atlantic in 7 hours. There's a little screen in the plane where you see a tiny plane flying over the Atlantic and making the crossing in 7 hours. Here we've what 5 days. We're crossing the Atlantic at roughly 30 mph the speed of a moped. So we really are in contact with the elements. In fact, it's the most natural way of crossing the Atlantic. The plane is unnatural. Here we're totally in contact with the elements. It's fascinating. As we leave the coast of England, it's time to take a look at what goes on in the bowels of this luxurious monster. There's no chance of being bored here. Everything has been designed to make the cruise passenger feel he's in a palace. The ship has a dozen restaurants, a theater, a disco, a ballroom, a cinema, several swimming pools. You just don't know where to look next. And that ladies and gentlemen is how the modern donut was invented. On that note, I wish you all >> in his cabin. Nicholas Destenz has discovered the rituals of life aboard ship. >> In the evening, it's serious business. You have to dress. Some evenings in a smart suit, some evenings in proper evening dress. That means either a tuxedo, so black tie, tuxedo with the satin lapels, or just a dark suit, preferably black and white dress. Just like in the old days, it's like people who go to the opera in the evening. They dress up. Here we're going to dinner. We spend 2 hours in a smart suit, but we play the game right to the end. It's part of the protocol. And when people travel on a cunard lineup, I have the impression that it's also to take part in these charades which are fun and are part of the game. Several decks above in the upper class cabins, Mr. and Mrs. Burke are also getting ready. >> Ready to go. >> This very loving Australian couple have treated themselves to a halfway around the world trip on board the Queen Mary. On the menu, the Persian Gulf, the Sewish Canal, Gibralta, and now the immensity of the Atlantic Ocean. This evening, their guests are the captain for a handshake and a smile. And that's it. The list of guests is very long. If you're lucky, you may see a Scotsman with a kilt coming along tonight because that is their traditional dress instead of a black tie. I think there were one or two on the boat at the moment. I think my memories are from from the old black and white movies when you'd see Fred a stair and and the likes of of that genre of actors and you'd see them on on cruise ships, everyone's dressed up or very much from the royalty when you'd see the the queen and and Prince Philip dressed up and going on the boats. But it is very much that black and white movie genre of people dressing up and the likes of Fred a stair and Ginger Rogers. >> A special occasion is how you describe it. Ah, that little dose of nostalgia for those oldtime crossings to America and all its promises. Crossings that were not necessarily glamorous for everybody, especially for the less wealthy migrants huddled in steerage. Today things haven't really changed. The upper decks are for the privileged. For the others, the crew members, there are the lower decks, not far above the water line. >> Okay, nicely. Okay. >> And things are hotting up in the kitchen. >> Jamie Zimmerman, the Queen Mary's head chef, comes from >> Alsas. I want him do it and go. I don't want you sitting like this. Let's go fresh. >> Now, he's the man who dreams up the menus for all the restaurants on the >> Hello. >> Uh here we are in the pastry kitchen. It operates 24 hours a day. Now, we're in the middle of a service. Now, you see right now we have a service of over 1,000 covers and we have around five desserts on the menu. And this evening we'll have a Gramman sule hot. Okay. Uh and we're going to sell around 450. Well, have you ever seen a restaurant that can produce 450 soulets to the minute? Come on, let's see it. Now, you just look at that. Aren't my gramman soulets fantastic? >> Under the orders of the head chef, we have Maitians, Indonesians, Philippines or Chinese. They work seven days a week for several months in a row for less than modest wages. Without them, this sort of cruise could not exist. After 5 days sailing, we're approaching a very bad memory. >> On the bridge, the hour is grave. And what's more, it's April the 13th. Captain Nick Bates is on high alert. You >> all right? >> Nearly done. Just want a little bit more. Well, here we are coming down on the rumline course. And uh quite interestingly, this we will actually pass quite close to where the Titanic came to her demise. And that was of course on the uh 14th of April 1912 when uh she uh struck the iceberg. But we're actually coming much further uh south than where the Titanic was. So in reality really she was extremely unlucky because she was even well south of what the known limits of ice were at that time. But of course modern technology we're able to plot. We've got much greater more accurate information to go by from where all known ice fields are. So we'll be well clear of where anything is in that particular area. But obviously it's a great emotional time for many people as we go past that uh what was the second most famous ship in the world next to the Queen Mary too. >> There's a minute silence just a few miles from where Titanic sank. And then life resumes its course with the return of the sun and a smoother sea. The coasts of America are approaching. The passengers finally enjoy the calmer weather while the crew is at work. Just a few hours now and we will be in New York. The excitement is palpable. >> It's an absolute fantasy. I mean, the arrival in New York, it's images that you've seen in films, you've seen in books like in The Godfather or something else. This is the arrival of immigrants in New York passing Ellis Island and arriving at the Statue of Liberty. These are very, very powerful images, movie images that are so much more poetic and evocative than the simple fact of a plane landing at the airport 3 hours from the city center. Well, I'm exaggerating, but 3 hours including traffic jams. The climax of this great crossing is near. Slowly we glide along the Hudson River. The glow of Manhattan Island is in sight. It's a magical moment that all the passengers have been waiting for. 4:00 the alarm goes off and everybody dives into the shower. Everybody dresses up warmly because it's cold. You rush onto the deck and it's dark, but we're practically in New York. Suddenly, in the distance, little lights appear. freighers here and there. And now we're going under the Veritano Narara's Bridge. And apparently the ship was designed specifically to go under this bridge to within about six feet. Except that you get the impression that the funnel is going to scrape the underside of the bridge. And then bang, we're through. And there you are. We're in New York. Let's bring a rebell to the union that just came out of ahead of this. >> Good morning. Just wanted to get a quick update from you. >> For our Australian couple, this is also the end of a long voyage that will remain forever etched in their memory. >> Beautiful skyline. sizable >> for us. It's a completely different holiday experience uh because you are sort of isolated on the the liner if you like and um it's a special experience. You know, the food, the accommodation, everything is very very nice. And you get to see um normally you'd land in a plane in a holiday destination. So, oh there it was. whereas here you come in and see it all and um yeah see the countryside as you go past. So it's just different. It's been very very special. >> I don't think you could ever forget that this is probably the most prestigious ship in the world and for me it's really the pinnacle of my career to be uh allowed to take command of this beautiful ship. I mean, I have to say the first time I walked up the gang way, my chest sort of came out an extra 30 cm [music] all the way around just I was so proud to be on board. And then uh to walk around the ship and just to have the the pleasure of talking to people, passengers and crew, we must never forget [music] the crew that we have on board. You know, they play a vital role in what we do. [bell] >> For the passengers, a voyage that is both mythical and romantic is coming to an end. For the cruise, the clock is running because in just a few hours, the Queen Mary 2 set sail to brave the Atlantic once again. [bell and music] And for us, it's the Pacific Ocean that awaits us for our last and most exceptional cruise. In a few minutes, we shall be stepping aboard this monster of technology. The Maltese Falcon is a ship out of science fiction. After waiting for months, we are finally invited aboard. The captain himself is waiting for us. Hello. How are you today? >> Excellent. You guys ready to go see the Maltese Falcon? >> Excellent. Excellent. Well, welcome aboard. For 10 years now, Chris Gardner has been working for Tom Perkins, owner of the Multis Falcon and founder, among others, of a very large IT company in the 70s. When you see it for the first time, she's just Is it really a boat or is it uh some sort of a a flying saucer, a UFO? It's Is it from this world? It's It's just so different and so cutting edge. Always in awe. They don't really say much. They just look at it and just just cannot believe what they see. Okay. >> Welcome aboard the Maltese Falcon. Just watch your step right here. This is uh Timmy Atard. He's the second officer on board. He'll be showing us how to uh sell the boat. This is uh Lorim. >> He is our Frenchman on board and he is uh our bos knows a lot about what this boat is going on and uh has been with us for a long time. Worked for the same owner for how many years? >> Eight years now. >> Eight years. So, and he speaks pretty good English now. >> So, >> so there we go. >> So, um this is the aft deck of the boat. This is uh where the guests stay. This isn't in a crew area. This is um a very interesting part of the boat because you you see the four glass panes right there. Well, those open up and that whole wall will disappear. So, and this is where they lounge. You have a seti back here, a dining table back here, and then our toys, jet skis, tender, and whatnot on the off deck. >> Let's cut the tour short for a moment because there's not a minute to lose. We can't wait to hoist the sails. >> Timmy. Yeah, Timmy. Chris, you are a total buttthead. Simply push the start button. >> The masts of the multis falcon are gigantic. They tower above a hull that is 85 m long. Heat. Heat. Like some futuristic Chinese junk, the Maltese Falcon heads for the Bora Bora Channel for a short cruise. The slightest breeze swelling the sails is enough to drive this boat. estimated to have cost more than $100 million. There's not a soul to be seen on the deck of this three master. In fact, everything happens on the bridge. >> Yeah. When surfing, I'm going to take my kite out, body drag across the bay. Yeah, we can. >> At the helm, Chris Gardner is lavish with compliments for his sailboat. >> It's the only system of its kind in the world. uh developed uh the original idea came from Tom Perkins again on a piece of paper and and the whole idea behind the sailing system is that somebody could be taught how to sell this boat in 15 minutes because it's really really easy. You know, everything is a visual display. Uh there aren't many buttons or knobs and uh somebody can come right here and be taught and can sell this boat in 15 minutes. It all seems so simple. And yet despite the revolutionary aspect of such a rig, Chris and his crew are on the alert at each change of tank. We have to remember that our masks are freestanding, meaning there is nothing to hold it up. No shrouds, no um nothing to hold the rigs up. And uh so we have to watch the loading you know we have to watch how much the wind is pressing on the rigs and uh whether we have to shorten the sail or we have to rotate the sail to dump the the the power of the wind in it. And uh so we really have to be very attuned to what the wind is doing. Um we have to be careful we don't load the freestanding rigs up and bend them too far. [music] Heat. >> After a sailing lesson, it's time to visit the bowels of the Maltese Falcon with Steuart S. Stella. Okay, this is the main salon. This is where the guests uh watch TV. Uh they sit at the bar for cocktail hour. Uh this is where they relax. The owner is only to be seen on the screen. Tom Perkins, one of the richest men in America, seems to be an enthusiast for scuba diving, works of art of all kinds, and novels. >> Okay, this is uh these are two of Tom's books. This uh Valley Boy is about himself and uh Sex in the Single Zillionaire is about is basically about uh he received a letter from a TV show and they wanted him to be the guest star and uh to basically go out with women on the show and then he would choose one of them to marry him, something like that, but which is not Tom's style at all. >> So he declined, but he wrote a book about it. So it's just very easy reading. And uh around [music] here we have uh the falcon. This was inspired by the novel, the Blackbird in the novel, the Hammet 1939 novel, the Maltese Falcon. This is the dining room. Uh we have two pretty awesome features. We have the wine seller. Just a small selection of our wines on board. We have some amazing wines from Bordeaux, Burgundy, some Italian wines, uh, super tuscins like Solea, uh, and Tom's favorite wine, which is called the Lynch Barge from Poyak and Bordau. Another feature is the Iris, which is our James Bond feature, which is a skylight to a table in front of the bridge. I'll just push the button to close it. after 3 hours sailing on the high seas. After discovering one mind-boggling feature after another, we re-enter the Bora Bora atal surfing on the swell. >> So, it's time to put all the sails away. Okay. So, we're going to furl away the sales. So, I'm going to do that by simply selecting. And now I just push the start button. And off we go. You can uh see that the sails will start going here in a minute. You can see the orange on each one of the sails and the sail actually closing or reducing. And it's doing exactly that on the mast. So, it's a minute and 10 seconds for each cell to go away. Everybody wants to get on board. Everybody wants to see her. Everybody wants to know something about it. Wherever we go, whatever port we go to, everybody else comes up and either says it's the most incredible, most beautiful, most interesting, for some people, the most beautiful boat they've ever seen, and some people h they might not like it because they're a traditionalist, but everybody's impressed. It's uh it's it's quite a machine. >> All right, everybody. >> Thank you very much for helping us out. Hey guys, cheers Timmy >> Christian. Cheers. Cheers to the Lassa Television >> and to the Maltese Falcon and its crew. Woo! >> Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. >> Hey, as the French would say. >> After finally lifting the veil from some of its secrets, we leave the Maltese Falcon. You are now among those who know what's hidden beneath its giant wings. In a few days, the crew of the Maltese Falcon will be at a secret destination known only to her captain and her American owner.

- 5 Essential Tips Before Buying a Liveaboard Boat | Avoid Costly Mistakes!: Kind: captions Language: en So, you want to buy a boat and beat the crazy property market. I did it and here are five things you should consider before making that decision. Number one, there's nothing more expensive than an old boat. If you find a boat you're interested in, get a survey done or find someone to have a look over it who knows something about boats. Don't do what I did. Go to a local yacht club and find someone at the bar who doesn't even own a boat to give you advice. My boat is a 1983 half tunner racing boat. It's cold molded, so made of wood, and that makes it now 42 years old. Number two, you're going to have to learn to fix everything. The word marine is a bit like the word wedding. You put it in front of anything and suddenly it becomes expensive. You're going to have to learn to become a mechanic, a shipwright, a plumber, an electrician, a rigger, and if you're lucky, you might actually do a bit of sailing. It's just a reality of boats. Uh the environment is very tough and they're always needing work. Number three, you have to become a minimalist. It doesn't matter whether you got a 30ft yacht like mine or a 60ft yacht, you're not going to be able to have a huge bookshelf full of books. You're not going to be h able to have a whole heap of gourmet cooking equipment. You've got to sort of cut back. It's like camping on the water. Are you ready to go downstairs and see what luxury life's all about? I've just been doing some repairs to my motor. I've serviced the motor and I've done some electrical work. So, at the moment, there is junk everywhere. Uh, and I have to completely tidy up before going to sea. So, just about got it ready to go to sea. And I've just been reading a very good book uh where the suggestion is if you go to sea, imagine the boat's going to turn upside down. So you have to pack everything in regard to that that uh the boat could upturn um and everything could go everywhere. So as you can see, I've got a little way to go. By the way, this is the dance floor where I'm standing now. Number four, before buying a boat, consider the logistics of how you're going to make money, where you going to leave the boat if you have to go away. I'm currently on anchor. In New South Wales, where I am now, there's regulations in regard to how long you can stay in one spot. So, that means you just got to keep moving, which could be difficult if you're working in a location. You could try making YouTube videos, but there's 800 YouTube sailing channels already. So, just be aware of that. All things to consider. Uh, you know, if you're on anchor, it's very difficult to get away from the boat. And if there's strong winds, you really should be near the boat. I'm usually on the boat if the winds are over 30 knots just to make sure it doesn't drag anchor. Number five, ports rot boats and men. If you can afford to spend more on your initial your first purchase of a boat, do that. Look for boats that have had the rigging done, the sails done, the wiring done, where someone else has done all that hard work because then you can just go out and enjoy the boat and and sail. Getting an old boat where you have to do a lot of that work yourself, it's going to be very draining on your wallet and if it's all new to you, possibly on your motivation. uh you fix one thing, you find two more problems. So, if you can try and find a boat that's had all that hard work done and it's ready to go. I've been getting SV Squando ready to hit the sea and that will be my next video documenting the trip from the Clarence River to possibly Baliner and then the Gold Coast, but definitely heading north to Queensland. So, join me for that video and uh let's see if we make it. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @binchooknation [4 likes]: Boat seem cheap now, compared to houses!
  2. @matthewshiels6648 [3 likes]: Nice boat mate 👍🏼
  3. @bobbymartin8042 [2 likes]: Great video buddy. I  bought a 1979 44 foot Kelly Peterson cutter. Major upgrades done in 2023 rigging, engine, electrical ECT..Been living onboard for 8 months in Pittwater on a mooring, while doing a refitt. Just have to make the boat look like no one lives on it.. It's virtually turn key ready for Bluewater.
But my wife hates varnish..lol
So painting it is..
  4. @BinVoyage [1 likes]: Great video especially for me as I am waiting for my first ever sailboat survey
  5. @DavideoSolar [1 likes]: I love your video! Will be following along. I have a top hat 25 that I live on half the time. Plan to sail north up the Qld coast from lake Macquarie.
  6. @LastCall-r9y [1 likes]: Not doing it because it’s cheap.the adventure the problem solving will keep me young.
  7. @MelbourneEats [1 likes]: So really to live on a boat in Australia, you have to keep moving due to the laws?
  8. @MysticBarefoot [1 likes]: great info
  9. @mantasjundzila9284: Disagree. Get a boat that's cheap, but know what you're getting. Old boats are overbuilt. Perhaps instead of wood hull, choose fiberglass. Wood is (with all due respect) a shite choice for beginners. If you buy a built boat that seems 'ready' to sail, what will you do when something breaks? And something will, eventually. Sure, liveaboard doesn't have the same standards and expectations as a bluewater, but you are still a sailor, and a good sailor knows their boat, inside out. Had you spent hours upon hours putting work into it, you would know all the nuts and bolts and rigging. Start small, start simple, start now.
  10. @JiriStipek-b6o: BOAT: Bring Often Another Thousand.
  11. @piratelifeoz: Beautiful boat and great advice.

- Hidden Luxury: The TOP SECRET Features of Superyachts: Kind: captions Language: en secret features of super Yachts the hidden luxuries you didn't know about introduction have you ever wondered what it's really like to step inside a multi-million dollar super yacht sure you've seen the grand decks the infinity pools and the jaw-dropping interior design but what about the secret features that only a few people in the world ever get to experience from underwater observation lounges to Hidden Panic rooms and even invisible security systems super Yachts are loaded with features that go far beyond luxury these hidden gems are kept secret from the public reserved only for the eyes of billionaires celebrities and royalty so if you're ready to go beyond the basics keep watching we're about to reveal the most mindblowing super secret features of the world's most luxurious yachts and trust me some of these features will leave you questioning if you're watching a James Bond movie or a yacht tour one submarine launchpads and mini submarines yes you read that right some super Yachts come with their own personal submarines imagine cruising the Mediterranean Sea then diving below the surface in your private submersible to explore coral reefs and underwater worlds why do owners love it privacy billionaires value privacy and there's nothing more private than exploring the ocean's depths in your personal submarine Adventure it's not just about luxury submarines provide access to underwater exploration that's impossible to get anywhere else exclusivity owning a yacht is one thing but a yacht with a submarine that's a statement of power wealth and exclusivity examples of Yachts with submarines Eclipse owned by Roman Abramovich has a private submarine that can dive to 160 ft Alpha Nero its garage can be converted into a Launchpad for submarines would you take a ride in a private submarine or would you stay on Deck with the infinity pool drop your answer in the comments below two hidden Panic rooms and Escape rooms if you're worth hundreds of millions of dollars Safety and Security are a top priority that's why many luxury Yachts have Panic rooms hidden within their walls these secret fortified rooms are designed to protect the yacht's guests in the event of an emergency what makes them so Secret disguised access Panic rooms are often hidden behind bookshelves mirrors or sliding panels impenetrable design these rooms are reinforced with bulletproof steel walls and come with independent air supplies surveillance and communication inside guests can monitor security cameras call for help and control the ship's security systems famous Yachts rumored to have Panic rooms achp as one of the most exclusive yachts in the world it's believed to have advanced security systems including a Panic Room flying fox a yacht that caters to high-profile clients with privacy and Security in mind three The Invisible Shield high-tech security systems if you think cameras are the only form of yacht security think again super Yachts come equipped with military-grade security systems that wouldn't be out of place in a James Bond movie security features you didn't know existed laser perimeter systems when an intruder crosses an invisible laser beam an alarm is triggered anti-d drone systems Yachts like aam have anti anti-drone technology that prevents aerial surveillance anti-paparazzi Shields Advanced lighting technology blocks The Flash from cameras making it nearly impossible for paparazzi to Snap photos biometric entry forget key cards these Yachts use fingerprint and facial recognition to access restricted areas which of these security features would you want on your own yacht let let us know in the comments below fourth hidden garages for luxury cars and tenders some Yachts are like floating luxury garages inside you'll find exotic cars like Lamborghinis Bugattis and rolls-royces all stored in climate controlled garages additionally most super Yachts have toy garages where they store jet skis tenders and Inflatables one what's hidden inside floating garages Yachts like Motor Yacht a have onboard garages where exotic cars are stored during voyages convertible tender Bays some Yachts have a beach club garage that converts into a lounge when the tender is launched speedboats and jet skis garages for smaller boats jet skis and sea scooters are cleverly hidden behind large side hatches fifth underwater viewing lounges ever wanted to sip champagne while watching fish swim by with an underwater observation Lounge you can do just that these lounges are like underwater aquariums where guests can see the underwater world in real time what makes it unique 3 60° views massive glass wall s allow for panoramic views of the ocean depths private experience it feels like you're inside an aquarium except you're on a yacht marine life interaction see dolphins Turtles and schools of fish right from your seat examples of Yachts with observation lounges ocean X famous for its dedicated Marine research this yacht has one of the best underwater lounges in the world World octopus the legendary yacht of Paul Allen has its own private underwater viewing station six secret pools with disappearing floors Yachts aren't limited to just regular swimming pools modern super Yachts have pools with disappearing floors that can be raised or lowered why do owners love it multi use space when the floor is raised it becomes a dance floor Lounge area or Sund deck hydraulic Perfection Yachts like alphano feature pools that convert into helipads customization the pool floor can rise to different levels for kids adults or divers seven secret dining rooms and hidden wine cellers super Yachts are known for their Indulgence in fine dining but some Yachts take it to the next level with hidden dining rooms and secret Wine sellers hidden gems to look out for Wine sellers some Yachts have wine collections worth millions kept at precise temperatures to maintain flavor and Aroma popup dining rooms press a button and a hidden dining area rises from the deck eight the ultimate Wellness Retreat private spas and cryotherapy rooms forget regular Spas super Yachts come with wellness centers that rival the most exclusive Resorts from cryotherapy Chambers to infrared saunas every treatment you can think of is available on board Yachts with Spa Retreats flying fox has one of the largest well Wellness areas on a yacht complete with a cryotherapy chamber hpo includes a fullservice spa with massage rooms steam rooms and beauty salons which secret feature of a super yacht do you think is the most luxurious is it the underwater observation Lounge the hidden Panic Room or the private submarine drop your answers in the comments below if you loved discovering these incredible features make sure to like subscribe and share so you don't miss out on more mindblowing tours conclusion the Hidden World of super Yachts super Yachts are more than just luxury ships their floating fortresses filled with secret features that are as exciting as they are exclusive from Panic rooms to private submarines these Yachts give new meaning to the phrase the lap of luxury if you had the chance to own a super yacht which secret feature would you want most tell us in the comments below and don't forget to like subscribe and share so you never miss our next yacht tour

  Top Comments:
  1. @SuperLuxuryLifes: Don't forget to like and subscribe to be instantly informed about new luxury living and yacht videos!
  2. @peterfullerton1027: if its TOP SECRET how do you know?

- Unlock Luxury on the Water: Own a Share with Alfie & Co Boat Syndication!: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] welcome to alfi and CO's boat syndication your gateway to endless Maritime Adventures imagine 36 days each year where you're navigating Australia's stunning coastlines from Sydney Harbor to the Gold Coast and the enchanted wet Sundays basking the sun taking the coastal Breeze for the ultimate relaxation what sets us apart it's our flexible userfriendly approach last minute plans no problem special occasions like birthdays and anniversaries we've got you covered and if the boat you own a share in is already booked you can easily swap days with shareholders of our other vessels ensuring you're never landlocked say goodbye to the hassle of fixed contracts you own your share freely with no strings attached and here's the icing on the cake our boats are in commercial survey which means they earn income that helps you cover your operating costs so you get to Revel in the Boating lifestyle without the typical overheads join us at Alfie and Co where boating isn't just an activity it's a lifestyle that we love and we want to share it with you

  Top Comments:
  1. @junipercrawford1941: PromoSM

- 🌎Luxury Travel on a Budget: Insider Tips! ✈️🚢#trending: Kind: captions Language: en hello and welcome to travel discoveries now you might think that true luxury the kind that makes your heart sing Sumptuous hotels first class flights those sorts of things are only for the terribly rich but let me tell you that simply isn't true today we're going on a little Adventure uncovering those Insider secrets to traveling like a Maharaja on a shoestring budget think of it luxurious hotels at a snip of the price and first class flights for less than you ever thought possible but before we embark on this fabulous Journey do be an absolute Angel and hit that subscribe button and turn on those notifications you wouldn't want to miss out on my travel tips would you and give this video a hearty thumbs up if like me you adore a bit of affordable extravagance now buckle up Darlings and let's dive into the world of luxury travel for Less now the first thing on our list my dears has to be those utterly Divine hotels you know the ones dripping in opulence with staff that treat you like royalty you might assume they cost the Earth but that's where we come in you see it's all about knowing the tricks of the trade first my little magpies we're going to talk about loyalty programs think of them darling as your golden ticket programs like Hilton Honors Marriott bonvoy oh and Hyatt world of rewards they're absolute gems they shower you with free nights and upgrades simply for accumulating points often all it takes is signing up for one of their credit cards and you're practically rolling in rewards next we delve into the clandestine world of luxury discount websites now these are my secret weapon websites like luxury escapes Secret Escapes oh it's all terribly exciting and Hotwire secret Deals they offer discounts so deep you'd think they were giving the places away these are the places for those truly jaw-dropping deals on top tier hotels and finally my deers timing is everything isn't it just like catching a play on the right night traveling off peak is key those luxurious hotels they slash their prices during the shoulder Seasons you see traveling just a week before or after the peak season can save you a small fortune up to 50% in some cases imagine all the extra cocktails you could enjoy with those savings now if you're as Keen as a magpie on a shiny object for more of these delightful tips do hit that subscribe button and join me as we take to the skies in our request for affordable luxury now let's discuss everyone's favorite topic flying and not just any flying mind you but soaring through the air in absolute first class Splendor now don't for a moment think this is the sole domain of Oil Barons and film stars oh no my dears with a bit of Savvy even we can experience the joys of champagne wishes and caviar dreams at 30,000 ft our first Port of Call you ask points and Miles my dear those little Beauties are like currency in the sky Airlines like Emirates with their showers at 30,000 ft Qatar Airways and the ever so Chic Singapore Airlines they all offer first class experiences that will take your breath away and the best part is you can often book them using those clever credit card points instead of cold hard cash now for those of you who live life on the edge there's the art of the last minute upgrade many airlines you see release discounted upgrades at check-in or through those terribly exciting bidding systems it's a bit of a gamble but oh The Thrill of the Chase and finally prepare yourselves for this error faes and flight deal alerts Yes you heard me right websites like Skyscanner the brilliantly named secret flying and the flight deal are like treasure maps leading you to First Class mistake fairs at positively absurd prices it's like finding a diamond tiara in a charity shop these websites are updated constantly so keep your eyes peeled and be ready to pounce on those deals faster than you can say d Peron please if you're enjoying these VIP Travel hacks my dears make sure you're subscribed so you never miss a single one now let's talk about that delicious feeling of being utterly pampered of having your every whim catered to yes I'm talking about the world of VIP perks those little extras that make you feel like you're walking on sunshine but fear not my Frugal Friends because even on a shoest string budget you can experience the joy of priority check-in lounge access and even some rather lovely luxury experiences all for free our first stop on this glamorous Journey takes us straight to the airport lounge now I adore a good airport lounge don't you it's an oasis of calm in the midst of all that chaotic travel and the best part is you don't need to be a millionaire to gain access Certain Magical credit cards you see like the AMX Platinum Chase Sapphire and the rather dashing cap one Venture X offer complimentary access to premium lounges worldwide imagine it darling sipping a chilled glass of something bubbly while the masses battle it out in the departure Hall pure Bliss next we're going off the beaten path exploring the world of soft luxury hotels now these are the hidden gems of the travel world my dears boutique hotels and those Charming four and a half star resorts they often offer the same impeccable service and luxurious ameni as their five-star counterparts but at a fraction of the price it's like discovering a secret garden filled with five-star Delights and finally my dears let's talk about the beauty of a good package deal websites like vator Expedia and travel zoo are absolute Masters at bundling together flights hotels and even those delightful little excursions all for a price that's far more palatable than booking them separately it's like a perfectly wrapped present just waiting to be unwrapped and enjoyed if you're enjoying these tips Darlings don't forget to give this video a little like and let's set sail on our next adventure luxury cruises now let's talk about the epitome of luxury travel cruising imagine it gliding across the ocean waves a gentle breeze in your hair a cocktail in hand and all the while being pampered like Cleopatra on a royal barge you might think such an experience requires a king's Ransom but fret not my Frugal Friends because even luxury cruises can be enjoyed without breaking the bank our first Port of Call in the world of affordable luxury cruising is the repositioning Cruise now this my dears is where the real Bargains are hidden when those magnificent ships need to move from one part of the world to another say from the Caribbean to the Mediterranean they offer what are known as repositioning cruises and let me tell you these are the golden tickets of the cruising world because these Journeys are often one way and cover a longer distance they're not as popular with the masses which means you can snag a luxury cabin at a price that would make your eyes water it's like finding a first class ticket for the price of a bus Fair next my dears we're going to talk about the thrill of the last minute deal websites like Vacations To Go Cruise Critic and the cruise Line's own websites they all offer last minute discounts on unsold cabins and these discounts can be utterly astonishing some sometimes up to 80% off it's like a flash sale at Tiffany's but instead of jewelry you're buying yourself an unforgettable Journey on the high seas and finally my dears let's talk about onboard credit many Cruise Lines you see are as generous as can be and offer free onboard credit when you book through a travel agent now this credit is like finding a secret stash of cash in your suitcase money that you can spend on all those delightful little extras on board like spa treatments specialty dining or even a spot of duty-free shopping so my dear if you've always dreamed of experiencing the Glamour and excitement of a luxury Cruise don't let the fear of a hefty price tag hold you back with a little bit of knowhow and a lot of enthusiasm you too can set sail on the adventure of a lifetime without breaking the bank if you're enjoying these Cruise hacks Darlings make sure you subscribe to my channel so you never miss our next luxury travel guide and there you have it my darlings we've reached the end of our little Escapade into the world of luxury travel on a budget who knew that experiencing the Finer Things in life didn't require winning the lottery hm remember my Intrepid explorers the world of luxury travel is for everyone not just the fabulously wealthy with a little bit of Insider knowledge a dash of planning and a Sprinkle of my tips you too can be sipping champagne In First Class lounging ing by the pool at a five-star Resort or sailing the high seas in absolute Splendor all without breaking the bank now before I let you dash off to pack your bags I do have a few teeny tiny favors to ask if you found these tips even half as helpful as I hope you did don't forget to subscribe to my channel for even more exclusive travel deals and Insider secrets and while you're at it give this video a little like it helps others discover the magic of affordable luxury you see and do tell me my dears which of these travel hacks are you most excited to try out on your next adventure pop it in the comments below I adore hearing your travel Tales but for now my darlings I must bid you a du stay tuned for my next video where we'll be uncovering some hidden luxury destinations that are just begging to be explored until then safe travels and remember a little bit of luxury goes a long way

  Top Comments:
  1. @TravelDiscoveriesHub: 💬 What’s your ultimate luxury dream trip — and how would you do it on a budget? ✈🏝
Let us know in the comments below! ⬇
If you loved these travel hacks, don’t forget to subscribe for more smart ways to explore the world in style, without the luxury price tag! 💼✨🌍 #LuxuryTravel #TravelHacks #BudgetExplorer
  2. @TravelDiscoveriesHub: 🌍 Love discovering new destinations?
Find hidden gems, smart travel tips & full guides on our blog ✨
👉 Explore now: https://smartdiscoverieshub.blog
  3. @TravelDiscoveriesHub: 💙 Enjoyed this journey? Support our work & explore more with our digital travel guides:
Ko-fi: https://ko-fi.com/traveldiscoveries
Gumroad: https://dealhunter22.gumroad.com/
Payhip: https://payhip.com/TravelDiscoveries
🌍 Authentic travel. No sponsors. No paid influence. Just real stories from the road.
👇 Let us know your favorite moment in this video, and don’t forget to subscribe for more hidden gems around the world.

- You Won't Believe the INSANE Features of Azzam Billionaire Super Yacht: Kind: captions Language: en Picture this. You're sailing across the azure waters of the Mediterranean, surrounded by nothing but the sound of the waves and the gentle breeze. Built for those who demand the very best, this vessel combines cuttingedge technology, luxurious living spaces, and the exclusivity that only a select few can ever dream of experiencing. In today's video, we're taking you on an exclusive tour of this magnificent super yacht where luxury and innovation meet. Stay tuned because what you're about to see is nothing short of spectacular. The creation of a legend. How the aam came to be. The aam wasn't just designed to impress. It was created to redefine the very concept of luxury at sea. Launched in 2013 by Lerson Yachts, a name synonymous with super yacht innovation, the AAM has held the title of the world's largest yacht for over a decade. This extraordinary vessel was commissioned by one of the wealthiest individuals in the world with a single mission in mind to build a yacht that would surpass all others. not only in size but also in speed, elegance, and technological prowess. It took four years and over 4,000 skilled craftsmen to bring this masterpiece to life. The result, a yacht that spans an incredible 590 ft in length, yet moves with the grace of a much smaller vessel. Capable of reaching speeds up to 30 knots, thanks to a revolutionary propulsion system, the Azam is as fast as it is luxurious. Truly a testament to human ingenuity and ambition. A modern masterpiece. Let's start with the exterior. The AAM was designed with a streamlined profile which not only enhances its speed but also gives it a sleek and modern appearance. The design crafted by NTA yachts offers a perfect balance of form and function. With its long narrow hull and clean lines, the AAM cuts through the water with unparalleled grace and efficiency. From afar, it is an imposing figure on the sea, but up close, the level of detail and craftsmanship is breathtaking. The yacht's decks are expansive, offering multiple outdoor lounges and sunbathing areas. The top deck is reserved for the ultimate in luxury, a private helellipad allowing its owner and guests to arrive and depart in style no matter where they are in the world. There's also an infinity pool where you can take a dip while enjoying panoramic views of the open sea. Interior splendor, a world of opulence. As you step inside the Azam, you're immediately greeted by an atmosphere of refinement and elegance. The interior, designed by the acclaimed Kristoff Leone, is a perfect fusion of classical French Empire style with modern luxury. Every corner of the yacht is adorned with rich bespoke materials from the finest silks and marble to goldplated accents and custom furniture. The walls are lined with intricate wood paneling and artwork, all chosen to complement the sophisticated color palette of creams, golds, and deep reds. The main salon, which spans the width of the yacht, offers floor toseeiling windows that flood the space with natural light. Here, guests can relax on plush sofas or enjoy a cocktail while taking in the stunning views. At night, crystal chandeliers cast a warm glow over the space, creating an intimate and luxurious ambiance. Dining like royalty, exquisite culinary experiences. Dining aboard the AAM is an experience like no other. The yacht features multiple dining rooms, each designed to cater to different moods and occasions. Whether you're hosting a formal dinner for 50 or enjoying a quiet meal with close friends, the Azam has a space tailored to your needs. The main dining room is nothing short of spectacular with a long, elegant table surrounded by highbacked chairs, perfect for hosting lavish dinner parties. The ceiling is adorned with an intricately designed fresco, and the room is illuminated by grand chandeliers that add to the overall sense of grandeur. And of course, the yacht's team of world-class chefs is always ready to prepare gourmet meals using the finest ingredients sourced from around the world. State-of-the-art technology, innovation at its finest. But the Azam isn't just about luxury. It's also a technological marvel. Beneath its stunning exterior lies some of the most advanced marine engineering ever seen. The yacht is powered by a unique combination of gas turbines and diesel engines, allowing it to reach speeds that no other yacht of its size can achieve. This makes the AAM not only the largest, but also one of the fastest super yachts in the world. In addition to its impressive speed, the Azam is equipped with cuttingedge technology designed to enhance the comfort and safety of its passengers. It features a state-of-the-art stabilization system that minimizes motion even in rough seas, ensuring a smooth and comfortable journey. The yacht is also equipped with bulletproof glass and an advanced security system, including surveillance and radar to provide maximum protection for its passengers. For those who value their privacy, the Azam offers a level of exclusivity that few other yachts can match. With a crew of over 50, every need is anticipated and catered to, from gourmet dining to onshore excursions. Entertainment, endless possibilities. Onboard entertainment options are endless. The yacht features a private cinema where guests can watch the latest films in full comfort. There's also a fully equipped gym complete with personal trainers available on request, ensuring you can stay in peak condition even while at sea. If you're looking for adventure, the Azam has it covered. The yacht comes with a full complement of water toys, including jet skis, paddle boards, and even a mini submarine for exploring the underwater world. And for those who prefer a more leisurely pace, there's nothing quite like lounging by the pool with a refreshing cocktail in hand as the sun sets over the horizon. The ultimate luxury lifestyle. More than just a yacht, life aboard the Azam is more than just luxury. It's an experience that goes beyond anything you can imagine. Whether you're cruising through the crystal clearar waters of the Mediterranean, exploring the tropical beauty of the Caribbean, or simply enjoying the privacy of a secluded bay, every moment on this yacht is designed to make you feel like royalty. The yacht's unparalleled amenities, coupled with the flawless service provided by its crew, make the Azam the ultimate symbol of wealth and status. This is not just a mode of transportation. It's a statement, a lifestyle, and a dream come true for those who can afford it. Call to action. The Azam is truly a masterpiece of modern engineering and design. Offering a lifestyle that few can imagine and even fewer can afford. If you've ever dreamed of experiencing the ultimate in luxury, this is it. Be sure to subscribe to our channel for more exclusive tours of the world's most luxurious yachts, private jets, and incredible lifestyle experiences. Hit the like button if you enjoyed this video, and don't forget to turn on notifications so you never miss an inside look into the world of the ultra wealthy. Thank you for joining us on this unforgettable journey aboard the Azam.

- How to Network: Networking Etiquette Tips for Professionals: Kind: captions Language: en business networking love it or hate it it is critical for your Career Success you need to know how to do it and you need to know how to do it well in this video you're going to learn how to improve your networking skill at networking events so you can come across as somebody who is poised confident and warm these tips will help you build your professional reputation and make valuable Connections in business it's up to you what you do with those connections afterwards if you like the sound of what you're going to learn then hit the like button subscribe to my channel for more content like this and let's get straight into it one of the most basic tips that most people Overlook when it comes to networking and going to networking events is to find out who is going to be there the purpose of this is to go into the networking event prepared and with a strategy so you know exactly who to talk to at networking events you have limited time you have limited time to meet people and to have conversations you don't want to waste your time talking to somebody who can have no impact whatsoever ever on your career so you need to be a lot more strategic about who you talk to at networking events now I know what you're thinking you're probably saying to yourself well that's really shallow Cara you never know who you're going to meet at a networking event you should keep all opportunities open that is true to some extent but from my experience when you go to a networking event you go there with a purpose you go there to meet people who can connect you to a new job if you're a job hunting you go there to meet new clients if you aren't running your own business or if you're in an organization and you need to look for clients you go to those networking events with a purpose in mind if you fill your time the whole time you spend at that networking event talking to this person talking to that person it is very likely you will never achieve the purpose you had of going to that networking event you will walk away from that event not having achieved anything not having met anyone of significance of importance who can help you in your career here I know this through my experience going to many networking events as a business person that you really need to have strategy you need to be prepared you need to find out who is going to be there it doesn't mean you need to spend all of your time talking to people on your list who is going to be there leave some time to open yourself up to New Opportunities if you want but please do go with some type of preparation to at least meet two maybe three people who can help you in your career or help you achieve the goals that you want to achieve now how do you find out who is going to be at the event well a lot of the time the events are posted on Eventbrite on Facebook or even on LinkedIn they are posted on this on those platforms and you can actually see on the event page who is interested in going or who is actually going to be attending those events so take a look at the pages where those events are posted online if that fails you can always ask the event organizer they may or may not tell you who will be attending the event but there's no harm in asking right arriving early gives you a fantastic advantage to see who is entering the room and to start conversations with the people you want to talk to so stand near the door or near the bar both of these areas are great Vantage points to see who is entering in the room and to be able to approach them as soon as they enter another advantage of arriving early is that you are already there when people enter the room now when people enter the room you have to understand that they usually go through a period of feeling a bit nervous a bit stressed a bit uncomfortable because they don't know who to talk to they don't know what the first thing is that they should do when they enter the room you have the advantage of being able to approach them to start a conversation to introduce yourself to help them feel more comfortable and more relaxed at the event which of course will help you give a good first impression and help that person to remember you more if you are at a networking event looking for someone to talk to looking to enter an already established conversation you need to know the right way to do it sometimes groups will be very closed off people will be standing very close together it will be very difficult for you to enter that conversation and start to talk to someone other times groups will be very open and there'll be lots of opportunity for you to enter the group and to enter the conversation as well how can you tell the difference how do you know which is an easy group to approach or a difficult group to approach well you need to look at the body language of the people in the group if they are standing close together if there is not much space at all in between the people in the group then that means they are very closed to anyone else entering the group it's going to be very difficult for you to enter the group and to start talking to anyone in that conversation I recommend you avoid those types of groups on the other hand if there is a group where people have gaps in between them or if they're using very open body language maybe they are not directly facing the other person they're slightly angled away from the other person this is an indication that they are open they're opening up the group for other people to approach them for other people to enter the conversation and start talking when you see groups like this at networking events whether it's one person whether it's three people or more than three people this is your opportunity to approach them and to enter the conversation and meet new people you can learn a lot just by reading someone else's body language if you liked what you have learned so far in this video then please hit the like button subscribe to my channel for more videos like this every week and let's continue on using a business card case is one of my favorite tips to share with emerging leaders when it comes to networking events a business card case will absolutely make make you look polished and professional like no one else does if you're wondering what a business card case is it is a small pouch where you store your own business cards and also the business cards of other people this ensures that both your business cards and the other person's business cards remain neat organized and secure a business card case is something I use religiously for every networking event or a business function that I go to I have been using a business card case ever since I was working in Japan it is a tip that I picked up over there and I absolutely love how it can really make you look a lot more polished a lot more confident and a lot more organized as well which definitely helps you give a positive first impression when you meet people for the first time there are so many different types of business card cases out there it's really important you find one that matches both your personality and also your leadership brand I definitely recommend that you get a business card case but if you want want to start with some options that could be really helpful for you I have linked to some options in the description below I do need to let you know those links are affiliate links so if you do purchase from them I will earn a small commission at no cost to you the next tip for networking events is to avoid eating now I know at networking events there are some amazing food there and it is really tempting to wanna eat all the food that is served to you or presented to you or offered to you at the networking event but you need to go back to the purpose of why you are at the event you are there to meet people you are there to have conversations how can you have a conversation if you have a mouthful of food you won't look polite if you're talking with your mouth full you won't feel comfortable and you won't feel confident either I recommend you eat before the event that way you won't be tempted by all the delicious food that's offered to you and you can focus on your main purpose of going to the event which is to meet people when you start talking to people at a networking event I recommend you start the conversation by asking non-threatening questions what do I mean by non-threatening questions these are questions that are really easy to answer they're not too prying they're not too interrogative in nature you see when you meet someone at a networking event they will be nervous just like you they're likely to be stressed when you start a conversation with them they'll probably be very wary about who you are or what you want what your intentions are they might be worried that you're going to try to sell them something immediately or try to get them to say yes to some kind of request you need to help them relax you need to bring down their defense mechanism you need to get them comfortable talking to you and you do this by asking non-threatening questions have you been to this event before how did you find out about this event and the dreaded question what do you do you I know a lot of you are probably thinking that is so boring it is so typical to be asked that question at a networking event but it is extremely effective in getting the other person to talk to you and getting the other person to feel relaxed around you why because they expect you to ask them this kind of question if you start to ask some questions out of left field questions they don't expect they will start to become cautious they'll put up their defense mechanism they won't be able to relax with you and they probably won't want to continue the conversation with you either how can you meet people who can help you in your career if you're not able to talk to them if you're not able to have an in-depth conversation with them so you need to find ways to bring down their natural defense mechanism get them relaxed to get them to talk to you and you do this by asking non-threatening questions and the handshake you give conveys a lot about who you are as a professional I've had bad handshakes I'm sure you have had bad handshakes at some stage in your career as well they definitely make you notice there are definitely memorable but they don't help you to remember that person in a positive way you don't want people to have this reaction of you you don't want people to think this of you any less of you because you gave a bad handshake I want you to be able to connect with people I want you to be able to get people to like you at networking events this is how you can build a relationship with that person networking events are the first point of contact with someone if they don't like you at their first point of contact then you have no hope of developing a relationship with them so it's really important that you give a positive impression and you give a good handshake or the right handshake to convey the right impression there are many different types of handshakes there is the dead fish handshake where the other person has a slightly clammy hand and it feels a little moist there is the queen handshake where the other person offers you just their fingers instead of their entire hand to shake then there is the limp handshake where they offer you their entire hand but there is no strength to their shake you want to use a strong confident handshake so that is exactly the impression people form about you and here's how you do it you need to make sure you have web to web contact when you shake the other person's hand this is the first step you need to wrap your hand around the other person's hand firmly then you need to shake up and down two to three times then you can let go a handshake is generally the only physical contact you're going to have with someone at a networking event so you really want to make it count we haven't talked at all about body language but body language is extremely important for networking events it's extremely important to help you look more confident and look more poised and professional when you meet people I do have a two-part series on my Channel about body language which I will link to in the description below or you can click on this video right here if you want to watch the first part of this two-part series before you go if you did like this video hit the like button and subscribe to my channel for more content like this every week thank you so much for watching this video and I will see you in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @benjosephblue [20 likes]: Kara, c’mon, let me grab a spring roll or something :) helpful stuff, thank you.
  2. @TheTruthAintInYa [5 likes]: I have to disagree with the first one. You shouldn’t be trying to manipulate the situation rather than let things happen naturally and just be open minded
  3. @Uprooted-JediFabian [4 likes]: I always carry an extra breath sprays and hand it out or let someone else use mine as a networking tool! We all have to eat and usually that event is the first half of our dinner so pass out your business card or digital one!
  4. @mrs.becomes1234 [1 likes]: How do you find these events, they are not advertised anywhere?
  5. @Abhishek-hw3nw [1 likes]: Asking good question, ask non threatening question is the key. 👍 ❤
  6. @gustom3654: Nice! If can share more common topic to start conversation, it will be nice to
  7. @DanielDiaz-fg7ej: Ethical leadership is fundamental for building trust and accountability within organisations. Leaders must demonstrate integrity and transparency.
  8. @marjn1030: i think it's best to network with people doing what you want to do or where you want to go career wise and just start off collecting data with the people you meet....mindset, beliefs, and what patterns you notice, ect.
  9. @Wallabiway: This video sucks. Waste of time
  10. @aaronkarres3603: You missed a crucial piece of advice given the basic nature of the information in this video. Don’t bring your mom to the event to speak for you.
  11. @Compatible-n7h: Loved it
  12. @JDNigma: Excellent tips. I admit the food can distract me. And I tend to stick in closed groups and sometimes forget to approach the right people due to fear of rejection
  13. @alialvi8909: An amazing video.
  14. @cindywam-z8220: Beautiful tips🔥👌🏽
  15. @가족심리토크룸: I hope you continue growing your channel. Videos like this are truly necessary! Does anyone have a different viewpoint on this topic? Share your opinion!
  16. @관계치유카페: This video is really amazing, thank you for sharing such valuable knowledge! Has anyone tried this method? Share your thoughts and experience below!
  17. @감정회복저널: You’re doing awesome! Please keep sharing more insightful videos like this one! Do you think this solution is effective? Share your thoughts below!
  18. @가족소통대화클리닉: I can’t wait for your next video, this one is truly useful! I’m sure you have a different perspective, share it in the comments!
  19. @내면여정스토리: This video is really amazing, thank you for sharing such valuable knowledge! Has anyone tried this method? Share your thoughts and experience below!
  20. @davidstein9129: Thanks for the video, Cara.

- The Ultimate Guide to Hosting Successful Coprorate Networking Events on a Yacht: Kind: captions Language: en Want to make your next corporate networking event spectacular and forever memorable? Then consider hosting a business party on a yacht, where business meets pleasure on the open sea. This isn't just a venue. It's a statement of excellence and exclusivity. Our yachts that cruise from beautiful Marina del Rey in Southern California offer more than just stunning views. They create an intimate setting that fosters deeper connections, turning business interactions into personal bonds. Choose from our two first class fantasy yachts vessels that best reflects your company's character and vision. Each of our yachts present a unique setting for your event. Choose the layout and theme that best represents your company's profile. Create spaces that invite conversation with strategic seating and breathtaking ocean views. Personalize your event with company logos and decor ensuring every detail reflects your corporate identity. Opt for sophisticated catering and entertainment. Choose elegant entre and specialty drinks that cater to all tastes. The quality of your catering is a reflection of your company's attention to detail. Build your brand aboard a transcendent experience. Promote your corporate event using social media to highlight the out-of-the-box thinking your company embraces. Build closer business connections with a unique experience that will bolster the relationship bond long after the anchor is lifted. Ready to make waves in the corporate world? By hosting your next event on a Fantasy Yacht Vessel, you'll create unforgettable experiences and foster deeper connections. Contact Fantasy Yachts today to start planning your memorable gathering. Call 310-827-2220 or visit our website at fantasy.com.

- CHAPTER5 Networking in the Yacht World - Meet the right people: Kind: captions Language: en riding the wave mastering yacht interviews the yachting industry stands distinct not just because of its inherent luxury and charm but also due to its unique professional demands as such acing a yacht interview can be a bit different than conventional job interviews and preparing accordingly is crucial just like you wouldn't set sail without checking the weather you shouldn't dive into an interview without proper preparation this guide is here to ensure you ride the W with confidence and leave a lasting impression navigating different Waters common interview formats one face-to-face interviews this is the most traditional format and often preferred in the yachting industry as it allows for a more personal connection these can take place on the yacht at a yacht club or an office setting two over the phone while less personal phone interviews are not uncommon especially for preliminary discussions or when logistical challenges arise three video calls with technological advancements and the global nature of yachting video interviews via platforms like Zoom or Skype have become more prevalent they combine the convenience of phone interviews with the Personal Touch of face-to-face meetings charting the course typical interview questions and strategies to answer them one why are you interested in the yachting industry showcase genuine passion maybe it's the Allure of the Sea the intricacies of yachting operations or the chance to work with diverse clientele two what relevant experience do you bring to this position highlight experiences that showcase your technical abilities soft skills and adaptability don't just focus on tasks emphasize what you learned or how you added value three how do you handle challenging or high pressure situations narrate a real life instance where you faced a challenge how you addressed it and the outcome this not only provides proof of your problem solving skills but also demonstrates your ability to reflect and learn four have you ever had disagreements with crew members how did you handle it honesty is key if you did have disagreements describe them without casting blame focusing on the resolution and what you learned from the situation five what do you believe is the essence of excellent service on a luxury yacht dive into the intricacies of luxury service emphasizing attention to detail anticipating guest needs discretion and personalization six how do you stay updated with Maritime regulations safety protocols or any other relevant knowledge mention any courses you take forums or communities you're a part of or journals you read showcase a proactive approach to continuous learning anchoring the impression presenting oneself one dress code deck opt for smart casual attire a clean well-fitted polo shirt with chinos and deck shoes would be appropriate interior aim for a crisp professional look akin to what you'd wear serving guests a tailored dress or a shirt with slacks along with polished shoes works well Engineers while you don't need to be overly formal clean professional attire free of any grease or stains is essential two etiquette punctuality always arrive at least 10 minutes early it shows respect for the interviewer's time and showcases your reliability research familiarize yourself with the yacht or the company knowing specifics demonstrates genuine interest questions prepare some thoughtful questions about the role or the yacht this engagement can set you apart from other candidates three body language eye contact maintain steady eye contact it exudes confidence and attentiveness handshake a firm but not overpowering handshake can set a positive tone for the interview posture sit straight without appearing rigid it indicates attentiveness and professionalism Expressions while it's okay to be nervous remember to smile and engage age a warm demeanor can create a lasting positive impression the world of yachting while luxurious and enchanting demands Professionals of the highest caliber a yacht interview is not just about assessing skills but also about gauging fitment in a close-knit crew environment adaptability and commitment to Excellence by understanding the nuances of the interview process preparing diligently and presenting oneself appropriately aspirants can significantly increase their chances of charting a successful course in a glamorous world of yachting so set your compass prepare well and ride the wave to your dream yachting roll

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheSeaCV: Networking is a powerful tool for connecting. It can lead to jobs, potential business opportunities and having people who will support you.

- Networking With Multi-Millionaires on a €10M+ Yacht at F1 Abu Dhabi: Kind: captions Language: en It all comes down to this green flag at the back. It is time to crown a champion. [music] >> [music] >> We are here. F1 [music] Abu Good. >> Nice to meet you. Hi. >> So, for the flight, nothing special to share cuz we just flew economy. Stay humble. Yeah, we need to compromise. So, now we have a a nice fan for the last kilometers to the hotel. We also got some massage. This chair can go back. In the economy flight, it was not possible because we were at the exit door with like room. What's the time actually? >> 2:00. It's 2 hours later. >> I was like scient [laughter] 2:00 a.m. So 2 hours later than where we come from. Going to go to the hotel, shower, and sleep directly cuz tomorrow >> got no meaning. If we see blue lights, I'm [music] cops. We're not going to stop. We're freezing. Lock the locking will stop us scheming. I lost f and [singing] it got me grieving. posted by the convenience store with a pack of the roll. So [music] it's not convenient. >> Ask your manager and we go. >> I take you to my gym. You can film my >> Yeah. >> Your gym, not in the hotel. >> Yeah. Pop one. >> I I train at the better one. >> The best gym in Abu Dhabi. >> Oh, very nice. >> Okay. Let me know. We can do that. >> No problem. I'll take you there. >> Cool. >> Yeah. We would love to see you filming, you know. >> Thank you so much. A brilliant car, >> bro. This man is amazing. You know, this makes the whole customer experience good. This makes me want to go back to this hotel. We came here. He's just vibing with us. He's giving us an upgrade. He gives us like access to different place in the hotel. It's so good. And this is very important always as well in your online store as in your offline business as you can see because this makes people want to come back and that's the most important thing you can do. >> Shout out to Frederick. >> Yeah man, he needs a promotion for sure. >> You're almost in the penthouse floor. I wanted to make this a humble holiday, you know. Seems like, >> bro, this is going to be the least humble vlog you're going to have. >> Boom. >> Room tour. This is the room and there's the bathroom. That's it. [laughter] >> Hello, Roa. You are the man. Thank you, man. I appreciate it. Bye-bye. You're the best. Thanks. Oh, this guy. He calls me quality Jack. How is everything? Is it good for you, >> friend? [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] love you, bro. >> What a guy. >> Oh, yeah. >> Bro, fully prepared. Got my magazine with me. You know, I don't give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] about Formula 1. [laughter] We are We are here, you know. I don't know anything about it. I know pit stop and max stuff, but that's it. >> Yes, first morning in Abu Dhabi. Going to hit the gym, of course, cuz we can't go anywhere without hitting the gym. We went to the hotel gym, but I said to Carlos, "Bro, I cannot train here. This is good for house m, but not for me." So, we searched directly on Google where the best gym near is. And we're going to go there right now, gymnasium. Let's see what it is. But, I think it's way better than this hotel gym. Let's go and we'll take question for money. I ain't interested [music] in fame and I pray that never change. Ambition is priceless. It's something that's in your >> name. Only hope I had was selling dope. Was on my grind cuz times [music] was harder than to sell a float. My mama told me never steal and never tell them folks. I grew up looking >> guys. So for me it's always very important to keep our routines wherever I go. For example, yesterday night we arrived I think at 4 plus 4. We only slept like maybe a few hours. Nevertheless, we went straight ahead to the gym. A crazy gym if you ask me. It gives a very good feeling when I went to the gym first and then we have a party later. So, I have the feeling that I earn the party that I deserve the party. And that's with everything in life like business, training, health, food. Everywhere I go, I try to keep my routines and stay locked in in a way that you stay locked in with that certain part of your life. So, always remember yourself to treat your body well. don't like think like okay I go to F1 I go to a party I don't need to go to the gym for four or five days no I just hit the gym every day even with a hangover I don't care I just go and that's what keeps me consistent in everything I do in my life and it helps me a lot well connected [music] well respected and well protected and get accepted was rejected now they regret it and get my message was a signal when I was texting the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I was calling was fraud and I learned my lesson now I move [music] with aggression use my mind as a weapon cuz chances are never given And they took like interceptions. So [music] throw that pass. I'll be the corner back. Me smell nice. >> Yeah. Tonight [music] we go to kind of music. So we got to smell nice. We got to look fresh. So uh let's go. >> So we went for a great gym session and tonight's big party like I said. [music] So now we go to the spa, have the laptops with us to do some work. Got to charge the battery and uh tonight we will take you guys along cuz it's going to be crazy. I suffered by myself. I had my mind playing [singing] games. I put it on my mother. I sent bullets to that lame. You keep [music] pushing the narrative that aren't really chang. What are you wearing? >> Some pants, some shoes, and a shirt. >> Nothing special. >> Humble. Humble. Those are the best. >> Good job. I am late. Thunder [music] Oh. My belly. [music] Thunder. On the way to Formula 1. Last night went a bit later than expected. So, uh, had to get some sleep in. We're a bit late, but we're on the way. It's going to be a crazy day. We're going to be on a big big yacht arranged by Stafon and RD Dubai. I was invited by Stafon, a good friend of me. Very thankful for this. Really appreciate it. Some crazy network on the boat. It's going to be a good party and uh yeah, tomorrow will be the final. So, um today is the qualification. Maxtop is also going to race. Of course, we are Dutch, so we are supporting him. I don't watch Formula 1 too much. I'm not a fan or something, but I think this is going to be a crazy experience. The watch is off. This is for a reason. You will later see why. Say bamos. Let's go. [music] I baby [music] on my mind. This crazy going to try it this weekend. If I like it, I might buy it. So, uh we will see. I know these cars for a long time. So, uh they do me a favor to just test it out and if I like it and if I like it, they can buy it. for other people in India only wear this watch in Dubai. So we can't go head. So many people ask me like how did you start with drop shipping and where did you actually start? It all started when you saw >> Yeah. It's good to see that you're doing well, man. Like I helped a little bit in the beginning with the foundations and how you run your business. It's it's insane. It's crazy. Like I started with the stores and they were not even coach if you compare that with today like now it's crazy. That's also the really beginning of the whole coaching business and the whole community. But it was funny like many people say in It's actually this guy. That's me. The guy behind me. He was the teacher. >> Yes, guys. I'm standing here with the man himself. He me. Thank you. Hey. Oh. Oh. I guys already wonder. We have the best party of all these boats, you know. We can buy them. They can buy them. [music] They're dead. The market, you know, they're all dead. So, [music] real estate. Let's go. And if you think you've seen it all, look at this license plate. Not only the Bugatti, but the license plate. Number one. This is a 1666 license plate. And this as well from the from the same owner. Crazy man. >> How does this make you feel, bro? >> I'm I'm feeling very poor right now. >> Yo, Glenn. >> How was today, bro? It's >> [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] sick, bro. >> Why? Why was it sick, >> bro? This was so sick. What an experience, you know? like uh really cool network on the boat, like big entrepreneurs, famous people, really good party, really good vibe. Again, really thankful that I'm invited for this cuz uh I think this is a once in a lifetime experience. Really cool. And also, yeah, I can still not imagine that we are here. You know, the good thing is it's not over yet. You know, tomorrow is going to be a new day. Tomorrow's going to be the final. To be honest, I have no idea at all what today's results were. I don't know where Max stop ended or whatever. How >> I think he ended first. >> Okay, that's good cuz then he can get the champion tomorrow. But I didn't pay attention to it and I think 80% of the boat didn't pay attention to it. It's not about the Formula One, it's about the party, the network. But to be honest, it's really cool when you are standing on that boat and when you see all those cars, the sound and everything. So, uh yeah, man. That's it. Let's go to tomorrow. >> So, I have a day just and it's too big now cuz I bought it in 2020 and I was a bit more fat. My arms were a bit more thick. So, also the links I believe got a bit out of each other now when you wear it. >> Yeah. Yeah. So, that's what happened. So, uh my guy is going to make it a bit a bit smaller so it fits better for me. >> He doesn't travel light anymore. He brings all his voices wherever he goes. No. If you want to roll only to Dubai in Europe. No. [laughter] This should be a rodeium dial, but I don't know what happened, but the color is like greenish. It's not a green day just, but I've never seen this color, but it's so amazing how it turned out. We talked about it. He was like, "Yeah, I'm never going to change the DV cuz this is like it looks like a default." But I love it. I love to see Never seen it and I would love to have it as well. >> And you told me that there was one other guy who got it purple. No. >> Yeah, it turned purple. That happens more often, but I never seen this one. >> I'm so happy that it turned out olive like olive green cuz I like this color. We're at the hotel. We We are taking a cab now. >> No, it's like my friend's >> Your friend's car. >> Nice. Nice. Nice. >> 4 years. >> You work for him? Ah, cool. Cool. How long you live in Abu Dhabi? >> 4 years. Where you from? >> Uh, India. >> India. >> Which part of India? >> The southern called Kerala. >> Okay. Nice. >> And you you guys are from? I'm from the Netherlands originally and uh Carlos is from uh from Ireland. >> And you guys do any channels or something like that? >> Yeah, I've uh I I do e-commerce and I also started coaching so helping others since 3 months ago. But I already do ecom since 6 years. >> Oh wow. >> Uh and 3 months ago I decided to help others as well. Um, so now I need to make a bit more content, you know, because people need to know who I am >> because I was always a bit low key and now uh now I show a bit the lifestyle, share some value. >> All the best for you. >> Yeah, man. Thank you. Thank >> Krypto. [laughter] >> I look like a crypto boss today. >> Yo, Glenn, it >> is, bro. >> Has the formula been as expected to you so far? >> It's crazy. It's It's going to be way beyond expectations, you know? It's uh I I knew a bit what to expect cuz I saw some YouTube videos from other guys of course and I knew that it was going to be wild. This is everything more than crazy. You know, it's the whole experience, the cars, sound, the yacht, the music, everything is good and the vibe yesterday was so good. Today is even going to get better cuz today is the the big day. Firework, better party, etc. So, um really looking forward to it. Like everything in this whole day, in this whole weekend is 10 out of 10. You know, everything is arranged so well. Yeah. Crazy experience, man. >> I go to formula, I have no idea. I only know his name that he's from Netherlands, you know. >> He is from Netherlands, isn't it? >> Yeah. Yeah, >> bro. That's why it's going to be so cool when he wins because the whole boat is with Dutch people, you know. >> Very, very nice, bro. >> Them glasses, man. >> They carry these, bro. [laughter] Hey, >> even the Uber driver thought I was a crypto guy. [laughter] Every time I come in the in Emirates, I realize like there's literally no limit. If you see these yachts and you realize that this is just from from a guy, an owner, you know, someone owns this yacht. Then you really realize that there's no limit in life, you know. And to reach this, yeah, you need to do crazy thing. I don't know what this guy does. Maybe oil, maybe heavily in crypto. I don't know. But you just realize you just see that there is no limit in all in life. And that's very good to see once in a time cuz in Europe you grow up with a lot of limiting beliefs. People tell you that you need to get a normal job. You know that there's a normal salary, don't spend too much, save money and then you come here and you see this, you know, and that's completely the opposite. And that's very good to realize as well. Take a [music] crown a [music] champion, guys. We're here. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] sick. If you don't know if you're not here, make sure you're here next [music] year. Hey, we are here. F1 Abu Dhabi S8 Lando Norris. He's the Formula 1. Wow. Champion. Yes. Young body's over. We got the W now. Awesome party over there. Let's go. >> They call it mother. >> It's okay. >> Thank you. >> I can go. Right. >> Yes. >> Breakfast, baby. We only have 10 minutes and we need to check out. So, let's uh eat fast. We have some fruit. They always give me the food. Fruit. That's good. Yeah. I actually thought he meant like do I need to place it out like from this tray, but he kept all the food inside. >> Big boss food. >> Like Benedict, brother. >> Yes, guys. Formula 1 Abu Dhabi is over. had such a great experience. Stafan, if you're watching this, thanks again because without you, it was not possible to be there. Really really grateful for this opportunity. These three days have been crazy. A lot of party, a lot of as well. Now a bit with a hangover, but uh once in a time it's it's okay to do that as well. I think now we go back to Dubai, back to the routines, gym, work. Of course, we go to nice restaurants, but 80% of the time we will be working. That's also again very important to mention because a lot of people make it look like it's all like parties etc. and living the perfect lifestyle. Of course, we are in Dubai. Of course, it's amazing place to be. But we're going to work a lot as well. And that's also 80% of my life. Again, it's work, work, work. And that's why I can do these things. And I want to mention that once again because it's really, really important. And also I think it's very important and also a good tip for most eco entrepreneurs is to go out of your house, go to masterminds, go to places where you can network with people. Make sure you surround yourself with people other than just e-commerce as well because e-commerce is like a bubble and a lot of guys who do who do ecom, they are just in their room, curt is closed, lights out and just grinding and that's perfect for your beginning phase. But once you do good and once you get more revenue, bigger numbers, you also want to build your network outside of eco because it can bring you really good opportunities as well in business. And I think this party, this yacht party, kind of music, etc. was a really good opportunity to do that. There were such great entrepreneurs. People exited their businesses for multiple eight, nine figures. Crazy like crazy entrepreneurs also famous people on the boat. So again a really good opportunity to talk with everyone. Thanks to that enjoyed a lot. Had so much fun which is also very important. This is just uh one of the best weekends of my life. Again really thankful also to the guys from RD Dubai because they organized it together with stay fun. So thanks to you as well guys. Really good experience. Everything was really well organized. So uh yeah very happy to be a part of it. And uh yeah, next video you will see me in Dubai cuz now we get back to the routine, work, gym, also meet some people. So of course it's going to be a nice time. But uh going to be a bit more behind my laptop now as well again. So uh that's very important as well. Thanks for watching. If you like the video, I would appreciate all the support. So like, subscribe, comment, and I see you in the next one. Adios.

  Top Comments:
  1. @glennnieuwenhuis [1 likes]: Thanks for watching! Check out my other channel with ecom value content as well: https://www.youtube.com/@GlennNieuwenhuis-Ecom

If you need help with your ecom business, send me a DM on IG: @glenn.nieuwenhuis
  2. @jacobq.s1338: It should be a crime not to record more of Carl Cox’s set at the after party 😅
  3. @khalifanextdoortv4053: The camera seems out of focus
  4. @MariaFernandez-vg5tu: sick!!!!
  5. @pbbreda: 😮‍💨😮‍💨
  6. @ronkeizer5928: 🙌🙌
  7. @keepwondering_: Do a video how you do networking an get invited bro !
  8. @JasjadeGunst: Crazy! 🔥
  9. @Fritstenkate: 🔥 🔥

- The Real Cost of Owning a Yacht 🛥 | Dan Henry: Kind: captions Language: en What is the real cost of owning a yacht&nbsp;&nbsp; from an owner's perspective that's what i'm&nbsp; going to cover in today's video and if you&nbsp;&nbsp; like videos like this be sure to subscribe&nbsp; to my channel as i release them every week hey everybody it's Dan Henry here and i thought i&nbsp; would do a video today on the real cost of owning&nbsp;&nbsp; a yacht and this is not going to be from somebody&nbsp; who is a yacht broker or a crew member or somebody&nbsp;&nbsp; who wants to sell you a yacht this is somebody&nbsp; who is a self-made millionaire by 30 who went&nbsp;&nbsp; out bought a yacht didn't know much about owning&nbsp; yachts didn't know really much about the cost&nbsp;&nbsp; owns the thing and now sees all the bills coming&nbsp; in i thought i would do this video to give you a&nbsp;&nbsp; real true real perspective of what it cost so the&nbsp; first thing is there's an equation that my captain&nbsp;&nbsp; told me you basically take the brand new cost of&nbsp; the whatever the cost not the cost of of the used&nbsp;&nbsp; price if you buy it used but the cost of it&nbsp; being new and you say it's at least going to be&nbsp;&nbsp; 10 of that cost yearly so if you have a you know&nbsp; one million dollar yacht it's probably going to&nbsp;&nbsp; be about 100 000 a year to maintain it these are&nbsp; equations that you know you can you can try to&nbsp;&nbsp; guess but let me tell you some real numbers so&nbsp; when i first bought the yacht the first thing is&nbsp;&nbsp; the cost of fuel the cost of fuel is huge i spent&nbsp; about eight thousand dollars on a two week trip&nbsp;&nbsp; bombing around the bahamas the fuel cost really&nbsp; depends on how much you use it where you take it&nbsp;&nbsp; you definitely want to leave it in one place and&nbsp; try to just kind of bomb around where you're at&nbsp;&nbsp; if you take it from place to place that's when the&nbsp; fuel cost really adds up it costs several thousand&nbsp;&nbsp; dollars for me to bring it from fort lauderdale&nbsp; all the way up to st pete and it still has to go&nbsp;&nbsp; back there and and over to the bahamas for charter&nbsp; season the other thing is things break daily in&nbsp;&nbsp; fact let me just show you this right here this&nbsp; is a docking controller and joystick so when the&nbsp;&nbsp; captain docks he doesn't do it from the bridge&nbsp; he comes down here he uses this little joystick&nbsp;&nbsp; and he docks it well this joystick started to&nbsp; stick a couple weeks ago and i can't have him&nbsp;&nbsp; not fix this because if he accidentally crashes&nbsp; the boat because this isn't fixed that's going to&nbsp;&nbsp; cost me a ton of money in order to fix this teeny&nbsp; tiny little joystick it is 25 hundred dollars&nbsp;&nbsp; to fix that little joystick but i'll tell you this&nbsp; if the boat crashes it's gonna be a lot more than&nbsp;&nbsp; twenty five hundred dollars so things like that&nbsp; break all the time a thousand dollars here 2500&nbsp;&nbsp; there etc here's another thing this boat and&nbsp; i'll show you this right here look on the&nbsp;&nbsp; side see all that that fiberglass see all that&nbsp; that area that has to be maintained and cleaned&nbsp;&nbsp; that all has to be polished okay because when&nbsp; the salt water hits it if it's not polished the&nbsp;&nbsp; dirt the salt water hits it it's not going&nbsp; to run down the side of the boat it's going&nbsp;&nbsp; to stick to the boat it's going to eat at the&nbsp; boat so it has to be polished well i'm having&nbsp;&nbsp; somebody come to this dock next week 12 000 just&nbsp; to polish this boat 12 grand i could go on and on&nbsp;&nbsp; about the expenses of the boat but just know that&nbsp; roughly this particular boat which is a horizon pc&nbsp;&nbsp; 60 roughly between 20 and 30 thousand dollars a&nbsp; month in order to maintain it fully that includes&nbsp;&nbsp; things breaking that includes dockage uh we spent&nbsp; five to eight hundred dollars a night in standup&nbsp;&nbsp; key highborne k in the bahamas so just to roll&nbsp; up to those docks and dock it literally costs 500&nbsp;&nbsp; 800 maybe 300 depending uh this stock that we're&nbsp; at here in saint pete is 3 000 a month as well you&nbsp;&nbsp; have the cost of crew my crew cost about 10 000 a&nbsp; month i've got to pay their health insurance i've&nbsp;&nbsp; got to pay for you know a lot of little teeny tiny&nbsp; things uh but i would say out of out of a 30 000&nbsp;&nbsp; bill per month you have maybe 10 000 for the crew&nbsp; 10 to 15 000 in maintenance and the other 5 000&nbsp;&nbsp; to ten thousand in you know things like fuel&nbsp; and in little little small things licenses&nbsp;&nbsp; docking fees stuff like that and of course&nbsp; the more you use it the more it goes up so&nbsp;&nbsp; that's why it's important to make money with&nbsp; the boat very few people just buy a boat like&nbsp;&nbsp; this i mean you have to be super rich now&nbsp; listen i've i've built some amazing wealth&nbsp;&nbsp; my company getclients.com has really blown&nbsp; up it's become an eight-figure company and&nbsp;&nbsp; and that's because we're very good at what&nbsp; we do we help people build online businesses&nbsp;&nbsp; we help people get clients sell their&nbsp; products and services sell their advice online&nbsp;&nbsp; and you can check out getclients.com if you'd like&nbsp; to learn how i help people build wealth and build&nbsp;&nbsp; businesses but you know even with an eight-figure&nbsp; company i still would not just own this boat and&nbsp;&nbsp; let it sit i put this boat to work i do business&nbsp; consulting on the boat i do private charters&nbsp;&nbsp; to help break even on the boat for sure&nbsp; plus there's some tax stuff we did for the&nbsp;&nbsp; boat i'll do a separate video where i talk&nbsp; about how to have a yacht pay for itself&nbsp;&nbsp; um but that's completely separate video so the&nbsp; point here is that these boats cost a lot and in&nbsp;&nbsp; order to pay for that you have to have the boat&nbsp; working and even then you're barely going to&nbsp;&nbsp; break even and that's why i've used some pretty&nbsp; alternative hacks per se to making this boat&nbsp;&nbsp; in the profit zone and not just breaking even&nbsp; or losing or bleeding a little bit of money&nbsp;&nbsp; and again i'll do a separate video on that so if&nbsp; you enjoyed this video don't forget to subscribe&nbsp;&nbsp; but you know keep in mind that these boats are&nbsp; going to be a lot more expensive than you think&nbsp;&nbsp; always add another zero when it comes to boats&nbsp; especially boats this size that's an old saying&nbsp;&nbsp; always add another zero because it's gonna cost&nbsp; more than you think in fuel in dockage in um in&nbsp;&nbsp; all that and what i'll do is in the comments or&nbsp; sorry in the description below so that you can get&nbsp;&nbsp; some real hard numbers i'm going to put a list of&nbsp; just one month of what it costs to maintain this&nbsp;&nbsp; boat i'll break it down by crew cost i'll break&nbsp; it down by you know the dockage and the different&nbsp;&nbsp; things that broke and all that it's hard for me&nbsp; to do that in this video because i really got to&nbsp;&nbsp; sit down with my captain and and map everything&nbsp; out and calculate everything but i'll put that&nbsp;&nbsp; in the description below so you guys can check&nbsp; out an actual hard cost of what say last month&nbsp;&nbsp; looked like for this boat alright don't forget to&nbsp; subscribe and i'll see you guys in the next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @LEEMAN-X [3 likes]: Welp...it looks like I WILL NOT be owning a Yacht any time soon..lmao
  2. @marygwaithaka6902 [3 likes]: Looking forward to seeing how you get the boat to be an asset. Thanks Dan.
  3. @darbyohara [1 likes]: Ok now do an analysis with:

No crew (owner/operator)
Harbor in the Great Lakes (avoid salt water damage and significantly lower slip fees)
  4. @HelloHello-yb1rl [1 likes]: Ahh, I was going to retire to a yacht before watching this FML.
  5. @DanHenry: 👉 Join the Epic Pitch Challenge: https://epicpitch.com?sl=What_is_The_Real_Cost_of_Owning_a_Yacht&htrafficsource=youtube
  6. @rvfinder7997: Much appreciated
  7. @KevinStClair-ln5ir: Once you’re an experienced owner, you can learn how to get many of those costs down. Or…you can ask me how. 30 years of experience doing this for superyacht owners. There’s a better way.
  8. @homerjsimpson2118: 2500 to fix the joystick. 😂😂😂😂😂😂only reason for your prices is because you have ZERO idea of what you are doing.
  9. @zainfadhil2588: Depends on many factors, most importantly the size. I would definitely start with a size I can drive myself .. max 45ft and I wouldn't take it for long trips for sure. Its an expensive hobby, but if you have the money, dont think twice. Enjoy every second!
  10. @JT_Dudeman4250: It cost you so much because you do nothing yourself to maintain it. That joystick is surely expensive but could be easily replaced in 10 minutes if you did it yourself. $12k for polishing???? lmfao you're getting hosed. It's like when a woman takes their car to a shady mechanic and they say the flux capacitor is going bad, she has no clue that's not a real thing and pays an exorbitant amount to have her alternator replaced. lol
  11. @DanHenry: 👉 👉 👉This pitch made me $32,000,000 (steal it)  
https://youtu.be/wnet3Heur4c
  12. @MohaLeefr: It's 10% of original value of yatch or actually value of yatch ?
  13. @DanHenry: 👉 Want to learn the easiest business model to start right now? https://aifreelancer.com/yt
  14. @shopcrate5687: Ok forget about the boat what do you do for a living? that's the real question
  15. @mr.miyagi5474: Absolutely idiotic thing to do unless you literally have money to burn. Smarter to make friends with the owner or just rent one.
  16. @carlisburns9830: Sure.  If you have the money....have a crew, have someone clean it, etc....
  17. @smartman123: u have very nice strong personality
  18. @paullemire4973: Question - what was the original price to purchase the boat ?? Did you buy new or used ?? Thanks
  19. @mortgagemanuel: $53.4k per mo is $641k per yr.. 
Based on $2m purchase.. expenses running 32% purchase price
  20. @beachbumnz: Thanks Dan , great video! (Awesome boat by the way!!)  I know a bit about boats and I know how expensive they can be to run and maintain but what really surprised me in your video was the cost of polishing! 
How do you make a small fortune?  Take a big fortune and but a big boat! lol

- Fractional Yacht Ownership: How Smart Contracts Generate Monthly USDT Payouts: Kind: captions Language: en Imagine this scene. You are standing in the marina looking at the yacht and thinking this is freedom, moorse, sun, guests, lifestyle. And then a second thought arises, the more businessoriented one. After all, this yacht can earn its keep. And here most people make the first mistake. They think that the path to earning from chartering starts with dreams. But the truth is brutal. It starts with one condition. You have to enter the game with capital. To earn from chartering today, you most often have to first buy an entire yacht. And this [music] is the entry barrier that stops almost everyone. And now the best part, it doesn't have to look like this at all. The world has already solved a similar problem in aviation. A private jet is also expensive. It also has costs. It also requires maintenance. [music] Yet fractional has been operating there for years. You don't have to buy the whole plane to participate in its economy. Why does it work? Because the system wins operator procedures and settlements without emotions, without we'll work it out, without chaos. In this episode, we will piece everything together into a logical hole. First, I will show why a charter on paper looks great, but in practice, it can kill cash flow. Later, why classic co-ownership of a yacht often fails and why airplanes have an advantage here. And at the end, I will show the idea of yachti. How through tokenization you can enter the yacht charter business with a small amount as a minority shareholder and settlements and revenue sharing are executed by a smart contract without manual tables without asking for a transfer without drama. Let's start with the truth. Chartering is not Instagram. Chartering is an operation. It involves scheduling, check-in, [music] checkout, standards, cleaning, fuel, service, insurance, ports, logistics, marketing, brokers, and hundreds of small decisions. Yachts can be a great charter asset, but only when someone is in control of the process and the numbers. And the biggest killer is not the waves. The biggest killer is cash flow. Let's clarify something important. Financing a yacht through leasing is possible. However, leasing has a strict logic. It usually prefers a situation where you finance the entire yacht as one responsible structure. One decisiveness, one security, one plan and then it works. You have a payment, you have a schedule, you have discipline. But that leads to another fact. The rate is monthly. Also in winter, the yacht has a season, but the bank does not have a season. There is no seasonal insurance. There are no fixed costs for the season. So if someone says we will earn in July, I ask what are we doing in November? And this is where real management begins. Cash flows spread over the year, reserves, occupancy planning and operational decisions that are not easy, but they are what keeps the business alive. And now we come to the point where many projects fail. When a yacht is to be purchased by several people, for example, three partners each with one/ird, it suddenly becomes more difficult. Everyone has their perspective, everyone wants their control, and sometimes everyone wants their funding. For the funer, it is simply more complicated. Security, decision-m, risk of dispute. And here begins the problem of classical co-ownership. In theory, it's the cheaper yacht, but in practice, it often leads to greater chaos. In fractional aviation, it works because it is a procedural industry. There are three pillars. First, the operator, a professional manages it. Second, [music] procedures, standards, checklists, maintenance, planning. Third, settlements. strict rules that do not depend on mood and that is why people can have shares and it can work even when they do not know each other. Yachts are different. An airplane is a means of transport. You board, you fly, you disembark. A yacht is a lifestyle. It's about time. It's about guests. It's about how the salon should look, how the cabin should smell, what toys, what standard. And that's why classic yacht co-ownership breaks down faster because a share often creates a need for influence. and influence breeds conflicts. In practice, it looks like this. Someone has a 20% share and suddenly wants 20% of the decisions about everything. Another has 30% and wants 30% of the decisions. And before the yacht even starts working in charter, politics begins. Interior, equipment, crew, homeport, standards, budget. This is a beautiful recipe for the yacht not to be a business, but an emotional project. And here a completely different philosophy comes into play. The yachti idea is different. You do not buy the right to arrange a yacht. You buy a minority stake in the charter business. And that changes everything because in such a model there are many more owners. So no one has the power to argue over every detail. The standard is maintained by a professional operator and you are a shareholder in the outcome. Why did it rarely work with small amounts before? Because without tokenization, co-ownership had to be limited to a few people. And a few people means companies, contracts, registers, lawyers, accounting, signatures, share transfers, then manual settlements. This does not scale to hundreds or thousands of small shareholders. Paper and administration have their limits. And blockchain does something that sounds boring, but is a revolution. It can scale ownership. Blockchain [music] provides a simple mechanism. A share is a token. evolve it in a wallet and have a digital proof of co ownership. Yacht 5 calls [music] this RWA, a real physical yacht as the underlying and suddenly something appears that wasn't there before. You can enter with a small amount. You don't need to have €100,000 to have a piece of a yacht. Yacht Fi communicates an entry threshold from a very small amount, even from one USDT. And this is the essence of democratization. Someone who has €1,000 euros can participate in the charter business, not as a ship owner, as a minority shareholder. In this model, the hard cap is also important. There are exactly as many tokens as corresponds to 100% of the value of the yacht. After the entire amount is sold, tokenization is closed without any additional printing. There is no risk that the profit will be divided into more shares. There is no delusion. This builds trust because everyone knows the total amount. Now we are entering the heart of the system. The smart contract has two key roles. The first role, it monitors the shares. You deposit, you receive tokens. The tokens reflect your share. This is not Excel. This is not someone forgot to add something. This is the mechanics of ownership. The second part of the same role is process security. The logic of first we collect the full amount then we buy the yacht. In other words, only collecting 100% allows us to proceed to finalization. This solves the classic problem of crowdfunding projects. What if we run out before the end? Here the principle is strict and mechanical. And now mega important. Yachtfi does not pretend to be a charter company for everything. Chartering is a specialization. Booking, marketing, customer service, standards, crew, service, logistics. This is done by an external professional management company. Yacht fee is supposed to deliver two things. Ownership of shares and [music] settlements. The operator is supposed to deliver the operation. The earning model is simple. The charter client pays for a week for two for a cruise. This is revenue. But the most important question is what happens next with that money? Who holds it? Who settles the costs? Who divides the profit? In the traditional world, this is manual work and trust in one party and Yachtfi is trying to do it systematically. The second key function of the smart contract is [music] profit distribution. Yachtfi communicates monthly payouts in USDT during the charter season directed to the shareholders wallet. In practice, the idea is as follows. The charter revenues go to the specified wallet and [music] the system divides them proportionally to the tokens. This is not a promise of [music] profit. It is a promise of principles. If there is a result, there is an automatic distribution. No invoices, no delays, no explanations. Remember one picture because it explains everything. Revenue comes from the charter, then costs follow, and only at the end do you have a result to divide. This is the difference between marketing and real business. Because a yacht can earn money, but a yacht also costs money. And if you want the model to be serious, you need to have cost discipline and reserves. On the YachtFi website, there is also a strong slogan, zero effort, and net [music] profit. Meaning that the operator takes care of the crew, port fees, fuel, insurance, and logistics. While the shareholder does not bear the operational burden, this is important because most people do not want to become yacht managers. People want to participate in the outcome, not in the everyday problems. Another pillar is transparency. Yoti describes onchain verification. Transactions are recorded. The token is a cryptographic proof of co-ownership and the smart contract is in ERC20 standard and verified. This does not mean that business risk disappears, but it means that the classic problem of co-ownership disappears. Who has how much? And is the division fair? Many fractional projects die on the question how to exit. Yacht fee describes a three-year cycle. The yacht operates season after season for three years and then it is sold on the market to realize the assets value [music] and then the proceeds from the sale according to the description are distributed proportionally to the tokens automatically to the wallets. There is also a liquidity thread. Since shares are tokens, yacht fee [music] communicates the possibility of trading on the open market on decks as long as there is a buyer. And that is a fair way to put it. Technology facilitates transfer, but the market always needs a counterparty to ensure it is not just a dry financial construct. There is also a lifestyle layer. Yacht fee communicates the possibility of chartering at a significant discount during the off season up to 80%. This makes sense because winter occupancy can be different and for the shareholder it's a nice bonus. You can experience yaching not through disputes over decisions but through access. This is where Captain Pass comes in an NFT that uh according to the description is automatically minted after reaching over 200 shares. It provides specific privileges private visits in Monaco winter discounts a media vault and onchain co-ownership certificate. This is cool because it builds community and provides a status symbol. [music] But you are still a shareholder in the business, not someone who makes operational decisions every day. And now the practice how to enter the system. YachtFi describes on boarding in 2 minutes. You connect your wallet, select yacht share, click invest now and deposit USDT. Then in the dashboard, you see your share and the dividends tab. This is the moment when the advantage of the product over paper is visible. Instead of weeks of formalities, you have a process like in a modern app. We're going back to the beginning. Airplanes have proven that fractional works when you have an operator, procedures, and settlements. Yaching hasn't had that for a long time because a yacht is emotional, and classic co-ownership ends in politics, paperwork, and conflicts over influence. YachtFi proposes a different way. many minority shareholders, a professional charter operator, blockchain for ownership, and profit sharing. You're not selling people the dream of being a ship owner. You're giving them the opportunity to participate in the charter business without the barrier of buying an entire yacht. And finally, it's important. It's still a business. There is seasonality, costs, breakdowns, and occupancy risk. Technology doesn't eliminate risk. It removes chaos in sharing and settlements. If you want me to show a specific project step by step and what it looks like in real life, write Y a C htfi and cu I and

  Top Comments:
  1. @WYachtsMonaco [1 likes]: Welcome to the future of luxury asset investing! 🛥 Traditional yacht co-ownership usually ends in drama, "charter politics," and drained bank accounts. With YachtFi, we are using Web3 and smart contracts to completely change the game—allowing you to earn monthly USDT passive income from the charter market for as little as 1 USDT. 💸

I'd love to hear from you: What excites you more about this fractional model?
A) The "zero-effort" automated USDT payouts?
B) Unlocking up to 80% off-season charter discounts with the Captain Pass NFT?

Let me know your choice in the replies below! 👇
(And don't forget to check the description for the official links to get started).
  2. @NautiGrandpa: AI mess.
  3. @ronnymabrink1633: Fakta

- Yacht financing secrets buyers wish they knew: Kind: captions Language: en Okay, Melanie, we're going to start with a few&nbsp; rapid-fire questions, and you may answer true,&nbsp;&nbsp; false, or depends with a very short explanation.&nbsp; First question, putting my boat in charter will&nbsp;&nbsp; create income that will help me qualify for&nbsp; my boat loan. That's false. I'm not buying&nbsp;&nbsp; my boat for another 2 years. Therefore, there's&nbsp; no need for me to talk to a lender or a finance&nbsp;&nbsp; broker right now. Also false. Very beneficial&nbsp; to speak with someone early to help you develop&nbsp;&nbsp; a strategy and make sure that you do qualify&nbsp; when the time is right. Even though I don't&nbsp;&nbsp; have the best tier credit score, my strong&nbsp; credit history will help me qualify for y'all&nbsp;&nbsp; financing. That's absolutely true. Remember,&nbsp; the score is only an indication of pricing,&nbsp;&nbsp; not necessarily the strength of the borrower. You&nbsp; know, we're here to make the entire yacht buying&nbsp;&nbsp; experience more seamless, as tax advantaged&nbsp; as possible and enjoyable. And all too often,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's like going to the dentist. People get&nbsp; nervous when they have to talk to a banker.&nbsp;&nbsp; But I think we can help people. And I guess if&nbsp; I had one message, I would just say start early. Hi everyone and welcome to this new episode&nbsp; of the Current Yachts podcast. We are here&nbsp;&nbsp; with Kimberly and Melanie from Newcoast and&nbsp; we're here to talk about yacht financing. So&nbsp;&nbsp; what we wanted to get out of today is kind of&nbsp; the basics of, you know, yacht financing 101.&nbsp;&nbsp; What do you need to know before you even buy the&nbsp; boat or even go shopping? What are the common&nbsp;&nbsp; pitfalls that you guys have heard about? What&nbsp; advice do you have perhaps for first-time buyers?&nbsp;&nbsp; Those sort of things. So, welcome to the program,&nbsp; Melanie and Kim. Tell us about yourselves.&nbsp; Hey guys, thanks for having us on this morning.&nbsp; We are so excited to be here and talk about the&nbsp;&nbsp; pitfalls, navigating the dos and don'ts&nbsp; of yacht and boat financing. I have over&nbsp;&nbsp; 20 years of experience in this space, mostly&nbsp; working with Kim. We have been together a long&nbsp;&nbsp; time as a team. We've got a strong track record&nbsp; of standard of growth and working with clients,&nbsp;&nbsp; helping them successfully attain the boat of&nbsp; their dreams. I have been everything from a yacht&nbsp;&nbsp; finance professional to a national sales manager&nbsp; to leading a a bank with their yacht finance&nbsp;&nbsp; programs, building strong relationships, building&nbsp; strong teams. But we both have a commitment to&nbsp;&nbsp; supporting our partners and helping this process&nbsp; be very easy and seamless for clients. Yeah,&nbsp;&nbsp; that's what we're here to do, too, is educate&nbsp; people. And h trust me, it's one of the biggest&nbsp;&nbsp; topics that I speak to with our clients. So, thank&nbsp; you again. Well, you girls are fabulous getting&nbsp;&nbsp; people to um you know, talk to us early on in the&nbsp; process or talk to a lender and get pre-approved.&nbsp;&nbsp; I have a commercial banking background and I&nbsp; got sucked into marine lending just by virtue&nbsp;&nbsp; of geography. I'm in Annapolis, Maryland. So,&nbsp; liveaboards would walk up the hill and talk to me&nbsp;&nbsp; about large yachts early in my career. Melanie and&nbsp; I have worked side by side for a couple decades.&nbsp;&nbsp; And, at various banks and lenders, which gives&nbsp; us really good charisma and karma in the booth,&nbsp;&nbsp; and it's like having field sense if you've&nbsp; ever played sports, like court sense. You know,&nbsp;&nbsp; kind of what the other person's thinking. We can&nbsp; sometimes complete each other's sentences. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; it goes back to white glove concierge service. and&nbsp; one-stop shopping. That's kind of our goal. And&nbsp;&nbsp; it's always been um you know, Melanie had some&nbsp; retail background and a lot of that permeates&nbsp;&nbsp; what we do. So, we're going to kick this off&nbsp; with uh the first chapter of this conversation,&nbsp;&nbsp; which is really the basics of yacht financing.&nbsp; Just for background, we're talking here about&nbsp;&nbsp; the type of yacht that is typically going to be&nbsp; priced between, say, $200,000 to perhaps a few&nbsp;&nbsp; million dollars because that is what our brokerage&nbsp; company, Current Yachts, is focused on. And there&nbsp;&nbsp; are going to be differences with smaller or much&nbsp; larger yacht which we're not going to discuss just&nbsp;&nbsp; today. Uh but with this, you know, background in&nbsp; place Amanda, let's do this. So a lot of people&nbsp;&nbsp; have misconceptions about financing a yacht and&nbsp; they think it's very much like traditional loans&nbsp;&nbsp; for a house or buying a car uh things like that.&nbsp; So, this is considered a luxury or recreational&nbsp;&nbsp; purpose for financing and uh there's a lot of&nbsp; different risk profiles and understanding the&nbsp;&nbsp; standards that people need to have in order&nbsp; to qualify for yacht financing. So, can you&nbsp;&nbsp; tell us a little about that? We're in one of the&nbsp; lowest rate environments of our lifetimes right&nbsp;&nbsp; now. And a lot of people have recently refinanced&nbsp; their homes or in the process of refinancing their&nbsp;&nbsp; homes. And we always tell people, you need a house&nbsp; to live in, need a car to get to work. A boat is&nbsp;&nbsp; considered luxury because it's more of a want than&nbsp; a need. So there are some pretty easy to solve&nbsp;&nbsp; misconceptions. They're easy to overcome as long&nbsp; as people go in aware and know what to look for.&nbsp;&nbsp; So that's our job is to try to make people think&nbsp; ahead and look at some of the advantages of&nbsp;&nbsp; um approaching things thoughtfully. And so one&nbsp; of the first thing I guess Kim that I'd like to&nbsp;&nbsp; explain for our viewers, can you talk to us about&nbsp; down payment expectations and even terms, right?&nbsp;&nbsp; Cause it's may not be quite like a house or a car.&nbsp; What is it like for yachts? We tend to try to get&nbsp;&nbsp; people approved for the most amount, the largest&nbsp; amount of money for the longest term with the&nbsp;&nbsp; least amount of down payment. And then from there,&nbsp; we can work to get discounts for someone who wants&nbsp;&nbsp; to put 30% down. The standard would be 20. The&nbsp; standard term would be 20 years. And if someone&nbsp;&nbsp; wanted to do 15, there are banks that allow&nbsp; us to offer discounts or sometimes even stack&nbsp;&nbsp; those. And then same thing with the term and the&nbsp; down payment being flexible. Let me ask you this&nbsp;&nbsp; question then. You mentioned uh banks, lenders.&nbsp; You are a finance broker. Is that correct? Can&nbsp;&nbsp; you explain the difference for those who may not&nbsp; know? So very easily a broker is someone like New&nbsp;&nbsp; Coast. We're the intermediary. We understand the&nbsp; needs of the clients. Our goal is to match those&nbsp;&nbsp; needs of the clients to one of our many lenders&nbsp; that we partner with. So as a broker, we have&nbsp;&nbsp; access to a wide network of niche products. We&nbsp; handle all of the leg work. We compare options.&nbsp;&nbsp; We'll advise them through the process. We'll&nbsp; collect all the data. Whereas a direct lender,&nbsp;&nbsp; perhaps a bank or a credit union, they originate,&nbsp; they process, they underwrite, and they fund. So&nbsp;&nbsp; what happens is if you do not fit their box, you&nbsp; are basically done. By working with someone like&nbsp;&nbsp; New Coast, a broker who has many, many sources of&nbsp; lending, we can offer a wide variety of products&nbsp;&nbsp; to our clients who don't necessarily fit in a&nbsp; single box. Okay, that's very helpful. Thank you,&nbsp;&nbsp; Melanie. And another question I had, if I&nbsp; understand correctly, you can have a fixed&nbsp;&nbsp; rate loan or a variable rate loan. Is that true&nbsp; for yachts then? Yes. Um, in this environment,&nbsp;&nbsp; we are seeing predominantly clients or buyers that&nbsp; are choosing fixed rates, but we do offer variable&nbsp;&nbsp; rate programs for clients that have perhaps a&nbsp; goal in mind where they're selling a practice or&nbsp;&nbsp; a business or have an income event that's about to&nbsp; occur. So, we can do a variable rate to keep the&nbsp;&nbsp; payments down and then term it out at the end of&nbsp; the three or five years. That was going to be my&nbsp;&nbsp; question. Why would someone, you know, want to get&nbsp; into a variable rate? And so, that is that is one&nbsp;&nbsp; example. Can you think of any others that you've&nbsp; come across recently where it made more sense&nbsp;&nbsp; for your borrower to go into a variable rate? Not&nbsp; necessarily a variable rate sometimes, but perhaps&nbsp;&nbsp; a variable term. So a lot of times we we may&nbsp; have a client who has just recently or is in the&nbsp;&nbsp; process of selling his business and taking large&nbsp; distributions. And so at that point whereas the&nbsp;&nbsp; loans typically are fixed interest rate loans from&nbsp; start to finish if you look at an interest-only&nbsp;&nbsp; product which might be suitable for that client&nbsp; they can large chunk out the principal reduce&nbsp;&nbsp; the balance of the loan and therefore reduce&nbsp; their interest overall the term of the loan. So&nbsp;&nbsp; there are there are you know there are three-year&nbsp; ARMs, 5-year ARMs, seven-year ARMs, 10 year ARMs,&nbsp;&nbsp; interest-only products, fixed rate loans for 20&nbsp; years. But again, that goes back to the strength&nbsp;&nbsp; of working with someone like a broker who has&nbsp; access to multiple products. Now, that makes&nbsp;&nbsp; a lot of sense. Can you guys speak to the current&nbsp; interest rate? We know this changes all the time.&nbsp;&nbsp; That's one of the first questions we always get.&nbsp; Well, what are the interest rates these days? Can&nbsp;&nbsp; you tell us what that current interest rate is&nbsp; now? Sure. I'm going to piggyback on what Melanie&nbsp;&nbsp; said. I had an example of a gentleman on a large&nbsp; valley from Northern Virginia and he went directly&nbsp;&nbsp; to two banks. The broker that he was working&nbsp; with was selling a new boat product and he was so&nbsp;&nbsp; discouraged after talking directly to the lenders&nbsp; and he came to us and we were able to position his&nbsp;&nbsp; um his his rate ended up being much lower. So&nbsp; I would say we're in the mid to high fives to&nbsp;&nbsp; low sixes depending on your circumstances. For&nbsp; example, if the boat's for sale here in Florida&nbsp;&nbsp; versus we do a lot of lending in other countries,&nbsp; there's a little bit different rates. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; we're reluctant to just say cart blanch what&nbsp; the rates are doing, but suffice it to say,&nbsp;&nbsp; I haven't lost a deal for rates since uh Ronald&nbsp; Reagan was president. So, I mean, we have the&nbsp;&nbsp; best rates in town. It depends on what your needs&nbsp; are and where the boat is located, what your usage&nbsp;&nbsp; is going to be. Will you own it as an LLC? We I&nbsp; close we close about 20 loans a month. That's one&nbsp;&nbsp; every business day. Last year, I think I had one&nbsp; person, maybe two, not own the boat as an LLC. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; that just gives you a scenario that helps you&nbsp; understand. We can help clients set those up&nbsp;&nbsp; easily and engage them with professionals that are&nbsp; licensed and bonded to do that and it it increases&nbsp;&nbsp; their ability to maximize tax advantages. So, now&nbsp; that's interesting that the majority of your your&nbsp;&nbsp; financing is in LLC's. That's interesting to hear&nbsp; for certain. So, as Amanda said, these really are&nbsp;&nbsp; luxury products. Every scenario is somewhat&nbsp; different because the banks consider these as&nbsp;&nbsp; risk-based pricing. So, it's not risk-based&nbsp; pricing when you buy a house or a car, but&nbsp;&nbsp; there are risks involved when you buy a boat. And&nbsp; so, geography matters, use matters, credit score&nbsp;&nbsp; matters, age of collateral matters. So, it's not&nbsp; a simple answer when customers say, "What's the&nbsp;&nbsp; interest rate?" We can give you an interest rate,&nbsp; but that's not really what matters. What matters&nbsp;&nbsp; is all of the things that we just discussed that&nbsp; are part of the analysis and formula of what the&nbsp;&nbsp; interest rate will be at the end of the day. And&nbsp; I'll use this too as a warning to people when they&nbsp;&nbsp; go yacht shopping is, you know, take that with a&nbsp; grain of salt. When someone tells you the interest&nbsp;&nbsp; rate is X and then you want to put your boat into&nbsp; charter and you want to do this and you want to do&nbsp;&nbsp; that, your interest rate may drastically change&nbsp; due to those different things that you want to&nbsp;&nbsp; do with your asset. So, please do get educated and&nbsp; talk to a very good finance broker to know what to&nbsp;&nbsp; expect when it comes to the interest rates. That's&nbsp; a good point, Amanda, for sure. At the Annapolis&nbsp;&nbsp; Sailboat Show, there was a client that you and I&nbsp; were both working with and he before he got to us,&nbsp;&nbsp; to you and to me, he went and shopped rates, but&nbsp; he was looking primarily at boats in St. Lucia or&nbsp;&nbsp; boats in the BVI. And so he had like a false&nbsp; perception and it was really easy to set his&nbsp;&nbsp; expectations appropriately. Um after like a day or&nbsp; two with us, we were able to get him pre-approved&nbsp;&nbsp; and he had sold a portion of his business and&nbsp; having spoken directly to one of our banks,&nbsp;&nbsp; we just didn't want to, you know, there was&nbsp; a way we wanted to position that for him,&nbsp;&nbsp; to help him make that be a positive, not a&nbsp; negative. Yeah, that's very helpful. Before&nbsp;&nbsp; we dig into those qualification requirements&nbsp; that will vary from individual to individual,&nbsp;&nbsp; I wanted to ask, can you share with us what&nbsp; surprises say first-time yacht buyers most&nbsp;&nbsp; about yacht financing? What have you found is the&nbsp; most aha moment for these folks when you talk to&nbsp;&nbsp; them the first time? Melanie, share that example&nbsp; of persistence that you had with the gentleman&nbsp;&nbsp; where you sent him the loan calculator. you were&nbsp; after him. He paid cash and you were after him&nbsp;&nbsp; for over a year and then eventually he saw the&nbsp; light, had the aha moment. And I think that some&nbsp;&nbsp; of the big aha is honestly that it is more complex&nbsp; than they think. Like I have a good credit score,&nbsp;&nbsp; therefore I should be approved, but there's so&nbsp; much more that goes into it behind the scenes&nbsp;&nbsp; that it's way more going back to that credit&nbsp; score. It's it it goes back to core affordability&nbsp;&nbsp; really because a boat is a luxury. Not everyone&nbsp; can afford one or not everyone can afford the one&nbsp;&nbsp; that they want or they think they can afford. So&nbsp; again, it's our job to help set that expectation&nbsp;&nbsp; on the front end by helping them make sure that&nbsp; their income, their liquidity, their credit is all&nbsp;&nbsp; in line to achieve success. That is the perfect&nbsp; segue actually into what are those requirements,&nbsp;&nbsp; Melanie. So, can we talk about the first one which&nbsp; is the credit requirements entailing credit score,&nbsp;&nbsp; credit history? Cuz I understand credit score and&nbsp; the history of your credit could be two different&nbsp;&nbsp; things. You could have a great credit score, but&nbsp; behind it is not enough data for you to make that&nbsp;&nbsp; determination. Can you speak to that a little&nbsp; bit? Then we'll head into other criteria, but&nbsp;&nbsp; credit requirements for for a borrower. What does&nbsp; that look like? We we had a client recently who&nbsp;&nbsp; was um coming to us from the Midwest. He wanted to&nbsp; have a boat here on the eastern on the east coast,&nbsp;&nbsp; be a north south boater, sort of follow the sun&nbsp; and the hurricane season. And he had excellent&nbsp;&nbsp; credit score as do many young professionals, but&nbsp; they don't have an extensive borrowing experience.&nbsp;&nbsp; So, we're looking for your we're looking at your&nbsp; highest credit. Different banks feel differently,&nbsp;&nbsp; but my rule of thumb in the industry has always&nbsp; been if the biggest mortgage you've ever had is&nbsp;&nbsp; 300, then we're not going to be able to get you&nbsp; a $1 million loan. We may be able to get you 600&nbsp;&nbsp; or five, but not a million. So, it's clients are&nbsp; coming to us looking for four times the largest&nbsp;&nbsp; loan they've ever had, especially post-Covid where&nbsp; someone's patented an app and made a windfall&nbsp;&nbsp; of money. They're looking for a tax advantaged&nbsp; business use of the boat, like lake business use,&nbsp;&nbsp; and it becomes difficult because there's just&nbsp; not a lot of borrowing history there. Melanie&nbsp;&nbsp; and I get sometimes we'll get the same clients and&nbsp; they hear the same thing from both of us. We had&nbsp;&nbsp; a client referred to us by different brokers&nbsp; recently and he has a ton of liquidity. He's&nbsp;&nbsp; income is off the chains, but the largest loan&nbsp; he's ever had is a $33,000 truck loan. And to&nbsp;&nbsp; he's looking at boats that are 2 million. He could&nbsp; easily pay cash for that boat. It's been really&nbsp;&nbsp; difficult to get him more than a quarter of a&nbsp; million to 300,000 for a first the first big loan&nbsp;&nbsp; you have probably shouldn't be a boat. You should&nbsp; probably have some other borrowing experience.&nbsp;&nbsp; Now, correct me. Is that your perspective? Or do&nbsp; you think there are workarounds for comparable&nbsp;&nbsp; credit? Yes, credit score is an indication of&nbsp; generally how responsible you are with your&nbsp;&nbsp; credit. However, what really matters to the bank&nbsp; more than the score is the quality of the credit&nbsp;&nbsp; behind the score. How long have the trade lines&nbsp; been open? What's the highest trade line? What's&nbsp;&nbsp; the complexity of debt versus credit limit? How&nbsp; many mortgages have there been? How long have&nbsp;&nbsp; you had them? So, you know, when you get to a&nbsp; client that has what the bank terms as a thin&nbsp;&nbsp; credit file, it represents problems. When we go&nbsp; to look at a luxury item such as a bank, they're&nbsp;&nbsp; looking at historical performance on the credit&nbsp; history and there's nothing to compare it to. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; we will get either a counter offer or we might get&nbsp; a decline based on lack of comparable borrowing&nbsp;&nbsp; history and that is common. And what about that&nbsp; typical minimum credit score then? Just to even&nbsp;&nbsp; begin a conversation, can you give us a sense of&nbsp; that? Anybody watching who is not sure what that&nbsp;&nbsp; even looks like? Yes, I'd really try to stay away&nbsp; from minimum credit score unless we're talking&nbsp;&nbsp; about something that's really subprime in nature&nbsp; because a 700 credit score can be a very good&nbsp;&nbsp; credit score depending upon the quality of what's&nbsp; behind it. So, you know, if there's a lot of&nbsp;&nbsp; derogatories, that's a different story. But when&nbsp; you think about score, the bank the banks use that&nbsp;&nbsp; for pricing purposes. An 800 score will give you a&nbsp; better interest rate than a 700 credit score. Good&nbsp;&nbsp; point. Good clarification. It's like you will&nbsp; fit within the grid for the rate, but as far&nbsp;&nbsp; as qualification, let's Can you say that again,&nbsp; Melanie? That's super important. Absolutely. You&nbsp;&nbsp; know, there's, as I said, an 800 credit score&nbsp; will give you a better interest rate than a&nbsp;&nbsp; 700 credit score, but it's not necessarily an an&nbsp; indication of your credit performance. I have a&nbsp;&nbsp; client right now, super high net worth borrower,&nbsp; plenty of liquidity, but he uses his credit a lot&nbsp;&nbsp; and therefore his score has been suppressed, but&nbsp; it's no indication of his capacity to borrow for&nbsp;&nbsp; a yacht. It does have a bearing on what interest&nbsp; rate he will get. We specialize in entrepreneurs,&nbsp;&nbsp; people that own their own businesses, people that&nbsp; have an entrepreneurial spirit. And the gentleman&nbsp;&nbsp; that I mentioned from the Midwest who wanted to&nbsp; be an East Coast boater, his score was in the&nbsp;&nbsp; high 800s. But he has lots of commercial trade&nbsp; lines and the as a result his trade creditors&nbsp;&nbsp; inquire often and so sometimes the reason for the&nbsp; lower score could be a good reason that he's just&nbsp;&nbsp; a successful businessman who's keeping his trade&nbsp; lines current. He has a lot of inquiries. Um so&nbsp;&nbsp; it's not that every inquiry matters but when you&nbsp; have constant checking it does factor in. Well&nbsp;&nbsp; let's discuss debt to income ratio. That's that's&nbsp; a big one that people talk about. Can you explain&nbsp;&nbsp; that to us? What is debt to income ratio? Yes, I&nbsp; can explain debt to income. As a matter of fact,&nbsp;&nbsp; Kim knows it's part of my spiel that I like to&nbsp; give customers. I call it the the secret sauce.&nbsp;&nbsp; So, you know, debt to income is part of your&nbsp; global picture when a bank is looking at you.&nbsp;&nbsp; It's your house payment, your car payment, the&nbsp; revolving debt that you have on your credit cards,&nbsp;&nbsp; your student loan payments. It's everything that&nbsp; goes into what you pay out every single month.&nbsp;&nbsp; And then we add to that the boat payment. So&nbsp; there's a cap on that and it's it's basically a&nbsp;&nbsp; non-negotiable with the banks what that cap looks&nbsp; like. It varies from bank to bank, but generally&nbsp;&nbsp; speaking, we're safe if we tell our customers the&nbsp; cap on overall debt to monthly income is 40%. That&nbsp;&nbsp; is a good number to use to strategize. Gotcha.&nbsp; That makes sense. And I just want to piggy back&nbsp;&nbsp; on that with the debt to income ratio. If you're&nbsp; making a million dollars a year and you have a 50%&nbsp;&nbsp; debt ratio, that leaves you 500,000 in disposable&nbsp; income after you pay all your bills to live on.&nbsp;&nbsp; But if your household income is a 100,000, that&nbsp; only leaves you 50 to live on. So we do I have&nbsp;&nbsp; seen some of our lenders for entrepreneurs buy at&nbsp; a higher debt to income ratio, but it's generally&nbsp;&nbsp; because they're in a different tax bracket and&nbsp; there's room there, right? And let's talk about&nbsp;&nbsp; the liquid asset requirements. How much does&nbsp; a a lender want to see in the bank or liquid&nbsp;&nbsp; cash? That's a great question. I think it's the&nbsp; number one thing that surprises people. You know,&nbsp;&nbsp; a lot of clients don't want to have a ton of cash&nbsp; in their name personally in the bank. They have&nbsp;&nbsp; real estate investments and other things they're&nbsp; doing with their money. And I would say that would&nbsp;&nbsp; be the number one obstacle or hurdle that we come&nbsp; to where we have to work with people. Banks don't&nbsp;&nbsp; mind if you have it in a business account. They&nbsp; may want to see you balance up in your personal&nbsp;&nbsp; account and they don't mind knowing that you're&nbsp; doing that. They just want to know that in the&nbsp;&nbsp; event of an emergency, your surplus of cash is&nbsp; accessible by you personally. So, okay. And is&nbsp;&nbsp; there a a certain percentage that they want to see&nbsp; of that liquid cash in the bank before allowing&nbsp;&nbsp; let's say we're talking about a million-doll&nbsp; yacht here? Well, again, we're talking in&nbsp;&nbsp; generality. So, it does vary greatly from lender&nbsp; to lender, but what the bank does want to see is&nbsp;&nbsp; when we talk about cash liquid reserves, we're&nbsp; talking about basically non-retirement liquid&nbsp;&nbsp; and non-business liquid. So, what they want to see&nbsp; is that you've got the money for the down payment&nbsp;&nbsp; and that you have the reserves to pay your monthly&nbsp; debt for, let's say, 12 to 18 months in general.&nbsp;&nbsp; Some banks are higher, some banks are lower, but&nbsp; in general, we're looking for cash reserves. If&nbsp;&nbsp; you say 18 months, you're going to be fairly safe&nbsp; in your in your planning. These are things that&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm always talking um with clients about and a&nbsp; lot of them are surprised about what it takes&nbsp;&nbsp; as a self-employed person to actually get a loan.&nbsp; And everyone knows who's self-employed that they&nbsp;&nbsp; want to make it look like they uh don't uh make a&nbsp; lot of money to the government. Um, so therefore&nbsp;&nbsp; they'll put a lot of expenses on their tax&nbsp; returns, but then when it comes to qualifying for&nbsp;&nbsp; a loan, they wish they actually made more money.&nbsp; Uh, so this is a big one that I've I've come&nbsp;&nbsp; across for self-employed people. Can you speak&nbsp; to that, Kim? Sure. I think what distinguishes&nbsp;&nbsp; our team is our wheelhouse is the self-employed&nbsp; entrepreneur. We look at an aggregate or a global&nbsp;&nbsp; cash flow. So, we look at the couple that's&nbsp; applying and their business and we look at all&nbsp;&nbsp; of their debts and all of their income together.&nbsp; Anyone can get someone done that's a W2 with an&nbsp;&nbsp; 800 credit score. But what distinguishes Team New&nbsp; Coast is our ability to look at the big picture.&nbsp;&nbsp; We can add things back that are discretionary. We&nbsp; have some folks that have an American Express that&nbsp;&nbsp; all of their expenses go onto that Amex and we can&nbsp; prove that it's discretionary and recurring. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; we can add some of that back. Same thing with&nbsp; depreciation. You know, now that we've had&nbsp;&nbsp; accelerated depreciation and it's been legitimized&nbsp; this summer, we're extremely busy fourth quarter&nbsp;&nbsp; this year. And I think a lot of those people&nbsp; that have done this for the second time, you&nbsp;&nbsp; have to be keen enough. We had a client that had&nbsp; been declined by a competitor and it was because&nbsp;&nbsp; he accelerated the depreciation on his boat last&nbsp; year and they weren't wise enough to catch that&nbsp;&nbsp; it was a it was a non-cash expenditure. It was a&nbsp; tax maneuver that was completely legitimate and we&nbsp;&nbsp; could add that back in and we were able to get him&nbsp; approved in 24 hours, which is unusual. I don't&nbsp;&nbsp; want to set that expectation, but it was just&nbsp; because we could catch that he had discretionary&nbsp;&nbsp; expenses that his accountant was good with. And uh&nbsp; I know you work with a number of forensic maritime&nbsp;&nbsp; accountants and I saw part of your uh podcast with&nbsp; Mr. whirly and it's interesting what a difference&nbsp;&nbsp; it makes when you have someone who's good at that&nbsp; maximizing tax advantages and then a lender that&nbsp;&nbsp; understands that is a big advantage. Absolutely.&nbsp; So, as a followup to what you were saying earlier&nbsp;&nbsp; where the liquidity requirement can prevent&nbsp; someone from actually qualifying for their loan,&nbsp;&nbsp; what other common reason do you come across for&nbsp; otherwise what looks like a qualified buyer on&nbsp;&nbsp; paper? What are some of the reasons that someone&nbsp; might get denied? Uh we talked already a little&nbsp;&nbsp; bit about the strength of the credit. What else&nbsp; do you see on a regular basis? So other reasons&nbsp;&nbsp; that clients may run into obstacles during this&nbsp; process might be inconsistencies in their package.&nbsp;&nbsp; for example, they recently switched jobs, they&nbsp; recently moved, they changed the way that their&nbsp;&nbsp; accountant does their tax returns, they switched&nbsp; from an S corp to a C corp, they stopped taking a&nbsp;&nbsp; salary. These kinds of inconsistencies, as the&nbsp; bank likes to look backwards to look forward,&nbsp;&nbsp; create concern for the lender. They're looking&nbsp; for consistent patterns and trends of income.&nbsp;&nbsp; So, you know, for a client who might be looking&nbsp; at a boat a year out from now, it's always helpful&nbsp;&nbsp; to have that conversation early to say, "Listen,&nbsp; listen, from a strategy standpoint, maybe you're&nbsp;&nbsp; not taking enough distribution. You're leaving&nbsp; a lot of money in your company." I run into this&nbsp;&nbsp; a lot with people in the construction space.&nbsp; So, their balance sheet requires a decent size&nbsp;&nbsp; balance. If they're bonded and doing construction&nbsp; size jobs, they have to maintain a certain net&nbsp;&nbsp; worth of the company. So they may not distribute&nbsp; the income as much as they could to themselves&nbsp;&nbsp; and that can be easily corrected in the next year&nbsp; by by planning and strategizing what their salary&nbsp;&nbsp; needs to be, what their distributions need&nbsp; to be to qualify for the loan. Conversely,&nbsp;&nbsp; someone who wants to make a change like&nbsp; retirement, you know, we always tell them&nbsp;&nbsp; don't retire in the middle of the transaction and&nbsp; it's best not to retire till after the transaction&nbsp;&nbsp; is done. You're going to sell your company. You're&nbsp; going to get a big influx of cash. You're going to&nbsp;&nbsp; be able to pay cash if you want, but that's not&nbsp; beneficial. But what the bank's going to look at&nbsp;&nbsp; is they're going to say the stream of income, the&nbsp; consistency of income is no longer there. So, how&nbsp;&nbsp; do we underwrite this loan? So, one way that they&nbsp; might be able to look at it is to say that you're&nbsp;&nbsp; going to get this big cash occurrence. We can take&nbsp; that cash occurrence and divide it by the 20 years&nbsp;&nbsp; of the loan or 15 years of the loan and see what&nbsp; that amortized cash balance brings in the way of&nbsp;&nbsp; income. But generally, it's not even close to what&nbsp; the entrepreneur has been making in the past. And&nbsp;&nbsp; that presents a problem. That comes back to the&nbsp; preparation. um in speaking to your CPA or your&nbsp;&nbsp; financial advisor, a purchase like this for people&nbsp; that want to retire or sell everything they own&nbsp;&nbsp; and then quit their jobs and go sail the world.&nbsp; Um, we hear that story a lot and it really is a&nbsp;&nbsp; good idea to speak to someone like you and your&nbsp; financial advisor before making these decisions&nbsp;&nbsp; to be able to know exactly how to set things&nbsp; up so that you have the best decision-making&nbsp;&nbsp; process on when to pull the trigger and when to&nbsp; buy that boat. And sometimes the time that you&nbsp;&nbsp; have ahead of you helps you correct something or&nbsp; put something in place that you may need in order&nbsp;&nbsp; to get the most favorable, you know, condition&nbsp; for you to borrow and and qualify. Agree, Marilyn,&nbsp;&nbsp; the earlier they come to us, the better um for&nbsp; us to help them. And a lot of banks evaluate&nbsp;&nbsp; non-consummated ratio, but I think Melanie and&nbsp; I have both built our commercial lending careers&nbsp;&nbsp; or our yacht lending careers on getting people to&nbsp; be comfortable and to qualify very very early so&nbsp;&nbsp; that things go smoothly as it's a very stressful&nbsp; time as you get close to the delivery date. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's important to start early. Since we were&nbsp; talking about things that can trip the bo,&nbsp;&nbsp; things we wish we knew beforehand, what can we&nbsp; do to be better prepared? Is there something that&nbsp;&nbsp; you've learned from negotiating with a borrower&nbsp; the following steps post survey documentation&nbsp;&nbsp; concerns? Can you speak to that process a little&nbsp; bit in regards to that stage of the transaction?&nbsp;&nbsp; Sure. So post survey when the client's deciding&nbsp; whether they want to accept the vessel and they're&nbsp;&nbsp; negotiating small things with the seller that&nbsp; they'd like to fix. I would say at that time since&nbsp;&nbsp; you know you're going to probably reach agreement&nbsp; on the vessel you would be looking at your forming&nbsp;&nbsp; your LLC speaking to a maritime attorney if there&nbsp; are any tariffs there's a lots of good tariff&nbsp;&nbsp; avoidance easy tariff avoidance strategies if you&nbsp; think back just a few years ago Florida had no&nbsp;&nbsp; state tax cap so we were very adept at offshore&nbsp; closings and um you know shell corporations and&nbsp;&nbsp; foreign corps as owners of a vessel so I think...&nbsp; That's just... that's the time when you start&nbsp;&nbsp; thinking about how to structure your purchase&nbsp; appropriately. You may have spoken about it&nbsp;&nbsp; earlier, but you want to make sure you're spending&nbsp; your money wisely. So, we usually wait until after&nbsp;&nbsp; survey to do some of those things. If I could&nbsp; just add to that, I would say there's a lot of&nbsp;&nbsp; importance to paying attention to the details, the&nbsp; little things. So, you might see a boat that you&nbsp;&nbsp; really like and and it may have high time on the&nbsp; engines and that may not be of a concern to you,&nbsp;&nbsp; but it might be of a concern to the bank. Um, you&nbsp; know, little things can lead to lengthy repairs or&nbsp;&nbsp; trigger repair concerns. So, as they're going&nbsp; through and they're selecting their surveyor,&nbsp;&nbsp; they're reviewing the survey, pay attention to the&nbsp; details. you know, is there a smell that might be&nbsp;&nbsp; a warning signal of something more significant?&nbsp; Is the bilge clean? Does that give you some&nbsp;&nbsp; indication of how the boat has been maintained?&nbsp; Um, the importance of a timely title and lean&nbsp;&nbsp; search to find out is the boat opened by owned by&nbsp; a trust, is it tied up in a a divorce situation?&nbsp;&nbsp; Could there be a deceased owner? All of these&nbsp; things add time and intricacy to the closing. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; we want to be able to deal with those things early&nbsp; on and make sure that they're being addressed. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; it is little things that that a lot of times&nbsp; customers don't even think about that can give&nbsp;&nbsp; you the the wow like, oh, I didn't anticipate&nbsp; that. And to piggyback what Melanie said,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, some of that we can do early, like we'll&nbsp; actually do the title work, the search a little&nbsp;&nbsp; early because if it is owned by two people, one&nbsp; of the people on title is deceased or one is an&nbsp;&nbsp; LLC. We want to vet the ownership, make sure the&nbsp; appropriate person's signing the bill of sale,&nbsp;&nbsp; we're going to send a few hundred thousand of your&nbsp; money or a few million. We want to make sure that&nbsp;&nbsp; we're not giving them the money without being&nbsp; able to perfect your ownership of the boat. And&nbsp;&nbsp; then a few things we can add from experience too&nbsp; on details that can trip bars relate to charter&nbsp;&nbsp; and charter management. Perhaps you can say a few&nbsp; words to how charter companies need to be vetted&nbsp;&nbsp; and also how do you factor in income from charter&nbsp; operations if at all. Right. So people have these&nbsp;&nbsp; questions. Kim, can you speak to that? Sure. There&nbsp; are a ton of credible charter management companies&nbsp;&nbsp; and since they are maintaining our collateral.&nbsp; Um we do do some research and we have lists of&nbsp;&nbsp; uh charter companies that have been vetted. If&nbsp; you'd like to be added as a charter management&nbsp;&nbsp; company to our finance approved list, we can help&nbsp; you through that process. It's not difficult. Um&nbsp;&nbsp; we've done it for so many years. We can make it&nbsp; an easy and seamless thing. But if you think about&nbsp;&nbsp; it, you're going to be far away from your boat&nbsp; potentially and someone else will be managing&nbsp;&nbsp; it. And we have charter management companies. I&nbsp; say that not so much as a coffee mug will change&nbsp;&nbsp; hands on a boat that Amanda doesn't know about,&nbsp; you know. So, it's um it's an important part of&nbsp;&nbsp; the process. And there's full-time fleet charter&nbsp; where it's a managed part of a fleet. Um, and then&nbsp;&nbsp; there's part-time light limited charter primarily&nbsp; for tax purposes where the client will use their&nbsp;&nbsp; boat and they'll block out the Google calendar for&nbsp; the weeks that the owner would like. And then on&nbsp;&nbsp; the weeks that it's not being used, they may want&nbsp; to charter just to offset insurance and dockage&nbsp;&nbsp; fees and things. With regard to the income, um,&nbsp; maybe I can defer to Melanie. I know we we know&nbsp;&nbsp; that it's there, but we're not calculating that as&nbsp; part of your debt to income ratio formally right&nbsp;&nbsp; now. Charter income is considered by the lenders&nbsp; unearned income. So therefore, they cannot count&nbsp;&nbsp; that towards your debt to income or your overall&nbsp; income. You may in your mind think, well, gee,&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm going to get 5,000 a week, 10,000 a week to&nbsp; 12,000 a month, whatever the number is to offset&nbsp;&nbsp; expense, but know that the bank's not including&nbsp; that. They're not including that. There's no&nbsp;&nbsp; record of it being earned income. It's not on your&nbsp; tax returns. Therefore, they can't consider it.&nbsp;&nbsp; Where that situation might change is in the event&nbsp; that you're buying a super yacht that comes with&nbsp;&nbsp; it a lengthy charter history. And part of the&nbsp; reason the attraction of buying that particular&nbsp;&nbsp; boat might be because of the charter history&nbsp; that goes with it and it's documented and that's&nbsp;&nbsp; a whole different story. But when it comes to&nbsp; charter, what's really important is to clue us in&nbsp;&nbsp; early that there is charter. Because if you're out&nbsp; there and you're shopping for an interest rate,&nbsp;&nbsp; I want the best interest rate that that you&nbsp; could possibly get. And we do. We get you the&nbsp;&nbsp; best interest rate. It's possibly with a lender&nbsp; that doesn't allow any charter. So now we've&nbsp;&nbsp; gotten you an approval that you literally can't&nbsp; use because we didn't know from the beginning&nbsp;&nbsp; that charter was part of the plan. And a lot&nbsp; of times clients think, well, I'm not going to&nbsp;&nbsp; tell them about that because it's going to cost&nbsp; me more for insurance or it might be a problem.&nbsp;&nbsp; But we need to know that. But we're your partner,&nbsp; you know, we really need to know that so that we&nbsp;&nbsp; can do the right thing to help you get with the&nbsp; right lending bank, the the right lending loan,&nbsp;&nbsp; and give you a loan that is that works for your&nbsp; needs. We could put you with a lender whose loan&nbsp;&nbsp; documents absolutely preclude any charter of any&nbsp; nature, and you know, then we just put you in&nbsp;&nbsp; jeopardy. So that's very important to understand&nbsp; the need of charter, the type of charter from the&nbsp;&nbsp; very beginning of the transaction and it is so&nbsp; specific. Uh we could literally have an entire&nbsp;&nbsp; episode about the charter status of a vessel&nbsp; and its impact on the transaction. So if you&nbsp;&nbsp; have comments and questions, please comment. We&nbsp; can get those answered at a later time. I wanted&nbsp;&nbsp; to wrap up now with all right, someone is now&nbsp; ready to call on to you whether they're looking&nbsp;&nbsp; to buy a boat next month or next year. Can you&nbsp; speak a little bit to the application process,&nbsp;&nbsp; the turnaround, what folks can expect? Sure. I&nbsp; think one thing Melanie and I would both agree&nbsp;&nbsp; on is um getting an approval early is really&nbsp; important. I think that for a new build,&nbsp;&nbsp; we would do a builder's comfort letter. So the&nbsp; builder has all these different production slots&nbsp;&nbsp; and a lot of our clients could easily pay cash&nbsp; but getting a letter on letterhead from a credible&nbsp;&nbsp; finance partner does help the builders when&nbsp; they're buying resin in mass during COVID there&nbsp;&nbsp; was a building supply chain bit of a shortage and&nbsp; they were able to anybody that was pre-approved&nbsp;&nbsp; was covered by the builders so that was nice.&nbsp; There's also I know Melanie and I both make a&nbsp;&nbsp; lot of introductions very early on. So the there&nbsp; different people that form LLC's inexpensively and&nbsp;&nbsp; well that that are bonded that will protect your&nbsp; family. And we make all of those introductions&nbsp;&nbsp; very early on so that those questions can be&nbsp; asked and answered pretty quickly. And if you&nbsp;&nbsp; have not yet identified a vessel and you're trying&nbsp; to figure out for how much you might be approved,&nbsp;&nbsp; how long does it take you to make that&nbsp; determination and what is it conditional&nbsp;&nbsp; upon? The more complicated the financial picture,&nbsp; the longer the loan might take. But in general,&nbsp;&nbsp; I mean, allow yourself three to five days. We're&nbsp; like looking at a very major investment to think,&nbsp;&nbsp; can we get an approval in 12 hours? Sometimes, but&nbsp; in general, why rush the process? This is a very&nbsp;&nbsp; expensive investment that you're making. And you&nbsp; need to allow yourself enough time so that we can&nbsp;&nbsp; do our best efforts for you. I like to think that,&nbsp; you know, it's a team effort. Us and our clients,&nbsp;&nbsp; we work together very much as a team. and the and&nbsp; and with transparency um with communication back&nbsp;&nbsp; and forth, good communication, we really can do&nbsp; and trust and trust is a real big part of it. So&nbsp;&nbsp; trust, transparency, teamwork, all those things&nbsp; go together to help deliver a great product for&nbsp;&nbsp; the client. But um I like to think that in in most&nbsp; instances from start to finish, an average loan&nbsp;&nbsp; is probably three weeks, maybe four. It can be&nbsp; done in less, but again, it's not a process that&nbsp;&nbsp; should be rushed. Agreed. And sometimes there&nbsp; are surprises along the way, right? So, you&nbsp;&nbsp; may have an initial approval or you have a sense&nbsp; of what you're trying to do and then depending&nbsp;&nbsp; on the boat that you're looking to acquire, some&nbsp; things can come up, whether as you said, it's on&nbsp;&nbsp; the lean search or a question following survey. So&nbsp; having that network of professionals that you can&nbsp;&nbsp; lean on and and you can make recommendations to&nbsp; to other partners if you are not uh the ones to&nbsp;&nbsp; answer a particular question that the good thing&nbsp; about the marine industry is we're all very well&nbsp;&nbsp; interconnected with those specialists who can help&nbsp; support your client and our clients. Maryline,&nbsp;&nbsp; thank you. And one of the things Amanda asked&nbsp; earlier, you know, you'd never get in a car&nbsp;&nbsp; with a real estate agent and waste their time&nbsp; unless you at least had a cursory pre-approval.&nbsp;&nbsp; And all we're saying is that we would love to do&nbsp; that for you. If you're not sure about the boat,&nbsp;&nbsp; we will ask you what age range or what size range&nbsp; and what the needs of your family might be. We can&nbsp;&nbsp; select a boat and once you're pre-approved, you&nbsp; can change the collateral out as you continue to&nbsp;&nbsp; shop around and it puts you in the right price&nbsp; range with the white right people and certain&nbsp;&nbsp; brands. There are brokers that are that are&nbsp; connected to certain brands. We can certainly&nbsp;&nbsp; make introductions and things like that. So, can&nbsp; you speak to commitment letter and typically how&nbsp;&nbsp; long it's good for? We had a customer who was&nbsp; a professor at Harvard. His wife had a small&nbsp;&nbsp; online jewelry store that was very lucrative. And&nbsp; they came to me 2 years ago and they were like,&nbsp;&nbsp; "I'm buying a boat in 2025. What's your rate?"&nbsp; Well, rates are only good for 30 days at a time&nbsp;&nbsp; in our industry. So, but we can vet them. We did&nbsp; everything that we suggested. We helped them set&nbsp;&nbsp; up the LLC. actually ended up paying cash and now&nbsp; we're working on recapturing for them. But um the&nbsp;&nbsp; approval itself is only good for 60 days. We have&nbsp; people that buy boats like a new build. They were&nbsp;&nbsp; looking at three different really high-end brands&nbsp; and you know we'll we'll get them preapproved in&nbsp;&nbsp; the fall and it may take them through the spring&nbsp; to vet their brokerage boat or their new build may&nbsp;&nbsp; be completing in the summer of the following year.&nbsp; So we'll just get them a pre-approval so that they&nbsp;&nbsp; know they're entering a transaction and were the&nbsp; boat done today, they would qualify. So they have&nbsp;&nbsp; that confidence to move forward a lot of times.&nbsp; Perfect. And just like that. And just like that,&nbsp;&nbsp; you're a boat owner. Any last words of wisdom&nbsp; before we part ways?From Melanie, Kim? I just&nbsp;&nbsp; would say if you're thinking about buying a boat,&nbsp; whether it's a center console or a multi-million&nbsp;&nbsp; dollar mega yacht, call your banker early. Kim&nbsp; Madigan, Melanie Jolles with Newcoast. We're both&nbsp;&nbsp; very welcoming of clients. Every person that comes&nbsp; up to us at the booth says, "I'm buying a boat."&nbsp;&nbsp; two to three years from now, we don't mind. We'd&nbsp; love to help you figure it out early so that you&nbsp;&nbsp; can proceed smoothly and you know have one-stop&nbsp; shopping. Especially in the sale market, not as&nbsp;&nbsp; much in the power market, but the sale market.&nbsp; They'll come up to you at a show and they'll say,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Four years from now, five years from now,&nbsp; I want to buy this boat." But what's good&nbsp;&nbsp; about that is they're actually thinking about it.&nbsp; They're getting that information early so that we&nbsp;&nbsp; can be effective in helping them. I mean, we love&nbsp; this opportunity to share our knowledge and help&nbsp;&nbsp; them be prepared for success. The most frustrating&nbsp; thing would be to sell your company, have all the&nbsp;&nbsp; have the cash, want to want to buy this dreamboat,&nbsp; and then find that your opportunities for finance&nbsp;&nbsp; are limited because we didn't strategize and help&nbsp; you plan in advance. Yeah, that's that's probably&nbsp;&nbsp; one of the key takeaways is the strategizing and&nbsp; the planning in advance it takes to understanding&nbsp;&nbsp; yacht finance is really one of the things that&nbsp; people need to educate themselves on. So, thank&nbsp;&nbsp; you for giving us that education. You know, we're&nbsp; here to make the entire yacht buying experience&nbsp;&nbsp; more seamless, as tax advantaged as possible and&nbsp; enjoyable. And all too often, it's like going to&nbsp;&nbsp; the dentist. People get nervous when they have to&nbsp; talk to a banker. But I think we can help people.&nbsp;&nbsp; And I guess if I had one message, I would just say&nbsp; start early. Yep. Thank you so much, Kim. Melanie,&nbsp;&nbsp; we'll put the link to your website where to&nbsp; find you uh in the episode. Thanks again and&nbsp;&nbsp; we'll see you at the next boat show or on&nbsp; the water. Maryline, thanks for having us.

  Top Comments:
  1. @anac4950 [5 likes]: So interesting
  2. @jlivings2010 [5 likes]: Though we intend to pay cash, I still found value in this content. Well done.
  3. @martinfrederickboats [5 likes]: Lots to learn there!! Well done.
  4. @Sv-Rodeless [3 likes]: Couldn't agree more with starting the conversation early. Gives you the knowledge and the time to adjust your situation and lend in better circumstances. I have found this to be the BEST advice.
  5. @amandassailingadventure [3 likes]: Well done, Kim & Melanie! Thanks for sharing your knowledge and experience with us.
  6. @FullDisplacementPodcast [2 likes]: Well done, team Newcoast. 😃
  7. @CurrentYachts [2 likes]: What questions do you have for Melanie and Kim on yacht financing? What have you learned from this episode?
  8. @Velociraptor6301 [1 likes]: Like to see a discussion on financing on building a new boat.  We are building a 50 ft yacht and it has been a nightmare getting someone to finance it.
  9. @CurrentYachts: ⬇Download our yacht buying budget spreadsheet here: https://youtube.currentyachts.com/downloads
  10. @luisbotetvideos: I wish you could answer questions about Crypto buyers. Jump ahead…this topic will come in mass pretty soon.
  11. @daviddivad-1809: You ladies are killing it!  Thanks so much for the content!

- 🚤 How to Finance Your Dream Yacht | Yacht Loans & Ownership Costs Explained! 🌊💰 YachtBuying101.com: Kind: captions Language: en thinking about financing your dream yacht it's an exciting Journey but it can also be a bit overwhelming if you don't know where to start here's what you need to know yacht financing Made Simple we will guide you through the essential steps to make your yacht buying experience as smooth as possible financing a yacht doesn't have to be complicated with the right information and guidance you can navigate the process with ease let's break down everything you need to know to secure your dream vessel from understanding loan options to working with the right experts we've got you covered step one how do yacht loans work understanding the basics is crucial yacht financing Works similarly to a mortgage or an auto loan but with some unique factors these include the type of yacht its age and your intended use most loans require 20% down with terms up to 20 years this means you'll need to have a substantial down payment ready step two the importance of pre-qualification this step can save you a lot of time and hassle pre-qualification gives you a clear understanding of your buying power and helps you move quickly when you find the right yacht it also shows sellers that you're a serious buyer step three check your credit your credit score plays a significant role in the financing process strong credit history and financial stability are key a higher credit score can help you secure better loan terms and low lower interest rates lenders will evaluate your credit score income and debt to income ratio make sure your financials are in good shape before applying step four account for total ownership costs owning a yacht involves more than just the loan payments your monthly payment isn't the only expense you'll need to budget for taxes Insurance docking and maintenance to avoid surprises remember to set an ownership budget as costs can add up quickly yacht and boat loan brokers can help you evaluate this step five work with experts having the right team on your side can make all the difference choosing the right financing partner is critical look for lenders who specialize in yacht loans and understand the Marine industry their expertise can help you navigate the complexities of yacht financing step six highlight your experience your boating experience can impact your loan approval many lenders consider your voting experience approving a loan if you're new to yachting taking a safety course can help it shows lenders that you're committed to safe boating practices step seven secure Insurance early insurance is a crucial part of yacht ownership lenders often require proof of insurance before closing work with an experienced broker to find the right coverage for your needs they can help you navigate the various Insurance options available step eight understand loan terms it's essential to know what you're signing up for for take the time to review interest rates repayment terms and propayment penalties to avoid costly surprises understanding these terms can save you money in the long run ready to make your dream of yacht ownership a reality with the right preparation you can set sale with confidence visit ypcs direct.com for full specs and layouts or head to yacht buying 101.com for a complimentary consultation and Yacht buying guide these resources can provide valuable insights and help you make informed decisions let's make your yacht buying Journey smooth and stressfree with the right knowledge and support you'll be enjoying your dream yacht in no time for additional information please feel free to email me at tsed yachts.com also feel free to text me at 404 805 [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @MintedYachts: 💼 Complementary Yacht Buying Guide: www.YachtBuying101.com
🚤 Specs & Brochures Visit: www.YachtSpecsDirect.com

- 10 Insider Tips to Save Money on Your Boat Ownership: Kind: captions Language: en what does boat stand for as an acronym break out another thousand if you're in the process of buying your first boat it can all be quite intimidating there are a lot of costs you need to consider want to experience boat ownership stand in a cold shower and tear up a hundred dollar bill there are a lot of jokes about boat ownership and we get it it can be very expensive if you're looking for your first boat yourself like me there are many ways you can reduce the cost of boat ownership i've asked william one of our writers at the website to come up with a list with 10 things he would recommend a newbie boat owner to save money william has sealed the world for eight years and he has raised another 12 years so he knows quite the thing about sailing and he was kind enough to give me this list so let's dive in here are 10 tips to save money on your boat ownership there are four main parts you can save money on when owning a boat and those are storage things you buy like gear and stuff repairs and maintenance and operation which means the cost of operating the boat and taking her out for a spin so i'll go over these four categories and have examples for each of those let's start out with slips storing your boat is one of the most expensive parts of boat ownership and slips are very efficient it's very easy to get in and out of them you plug in your adapter and the batteries charge your safe it's a it's in always the superior mooring location however slips are very expensive an average sailboat will cost you between 800 and 1800 bucks a year that's no joke depending on your location it will cost roughly 12 to 240 per feet per year this was our own research so you have to expect to pay an average of 50 dollars per foot per year and and so even with like a 24 foot sailboat it will add up to about 1500 bucks a so that's no joke if you are willing to spend some extra time getting to and from your boat maybe invest in a small dinghy and are okay with not charging your batteries all the time you could opt for a mooring moorings will save you 50 to 90 percent on the docking costs there are some disadvantages these are mostly inaccessible locations you'll have to get to and from your boat using a dinghy and your batteries won't charge obviously also if you have maintenance to do on the boat it can be a bit harder and some marine vendors won't go out to boats in moorings so that can be a pain in them the second thing you can save money on regarding storage is winter storage wet storage is often less expensive than hard storage like dry storage so you don't have to haul out your boat there are some risks with wet storage which just means you keep it in a slip or a mooring there are some risks involved you do need to monitor the boat a lot more closely and check whether there's mold or insects or mouses you have to monitor the bilge for freezing damage and leakage and stuff like that but apart from that it's a lot less expensive than storing your boat on the dry another tip to save money is to trailer your boat get yourself a good trailer and then load the boat onto the trailer for the winter and store it in your driveway or in a barn or something like that if you will keep the boat for a long time maybe invest in a permanent coffer for winter instead of shrink wrapping it each and every time which is also not very good for the environment be careful though covers can damage and they are expensive 500 to 1000 bucks on average if you are a new boater you are trying to get into sailing consider subscribing to the channel give this video a like if you like this video if you don't like it give it a dislike three the location you store your boat in really makes a difference so prime docking locations can cost you up to three thousand dollars per year while less expensive less premium docking locations will only cost you about a couple of hundred bucks per year so that's a very substantial difference if you are willing to drive the boat a bit longer too for example the lake you usually seal on you can more a bit further away which will make at least less expensive this is good if you do mostly weekend trips for example if you're a day trip and you want to get on the water as soon as possible i assume so what you can do then is drive a bit longer to the boat so sail at another less expensive lake where you can moor a bit closer to the lake three things you really don't want to do when it comes to storage is you don't want to store in an insecure place because theft is always super expensive even if you're insured you don't want to anchor your boat for permanent storage because it's very risky there's a lot of chance of damaging the boat and it's very hard to keep an eye out on it and the third thing is you don't want to go cheap on winterizing your boat winterizing isn't that expensive i i did a video on what you'll need to do to winterize your boat properly it will cost you a couple of hundred bucks at the most if you do it decently and it will save you thousands of bucks along the way number four buying things how to save money with all those massive purchases you'll be doing when buying a boat you'll need chart plotters you'll need maintenance products there's a there's a joke going that slapping marine on a label for marine entry freeze or something it will double the price instantly and it there's truth to that so do your research and find out which products you'll actually need which project products are just regular products but sold at a markup for marine use for example rv and marine antifreeze some marine products you do want to use electrical components are more corrosive resistant when they're marine greater for marine use also wiring copper parts but things like cleaning supplies jerry cans oil change pads engine oil rv anti-freeze all those things are the same as the marine grade products so you can save a lot of dollars right there by going to your regular hardware store and getting your stuff there number five marine consignment and used gear i love buying second-hand products but they also come at a risk with boating and sailing in particular a very good second-hand market and it's very useful for products that are not in production anymore which is often the case with all the sailboats if you have like a 30 or 40 year old sailboat and you have a particular winch on it or some electrical system you need a new display for the second hand market can be a great resource to find things like that but there are also a lot of other products that are very all right to get second hand things like stoves heaters spare parts winch handlers safety gear all those kinds of stuff are fine to get second hand electronics are often out of date i recommend getting those new if you need them however if you use older electronics on your boat secondhand gear might be the solution for spare parts we're going on to repairs and maintenance number six is don't break things this might sound as a joke to you but it is a fact if you don't break it you don't have to replace it and the easiest way to not break things is take it slow and easy when you're in close quarters minerva very easily very slowly whenever you get stressed out take the speed out of the boat don't force yourself through situations you're uncomfortable with and just take it slow so the next one is to check the weather it's not only about safety in this case if you go out in foul weather there's a lot more stress and strain on the rigging and you will snap cables damage sales all that good stuff and it will all cost you dearly so check the weather regularly and only go out sailing when the weather is good whenever you find there's a part stuck or a winch is stuck and not moving don't force it never force something that isn't moving because you will definitely break it which brings me to the next main important maintenance point always keep things lubricated properly so do the maintenance and always make sure that your parts are rinsed and clean and are able to move freely and rinse any parts that are in contact with salt water because salt water will corrode away your hardware number six this is eight number seven build your skills for maintenance so i am currently working on a very old camper van mercedes 508 598 it's very old it's more than 40 years old it's rusty everywhere and i'm learning to weld which means i can do major repairs now or i can pretend i'm doing major repairs and it don't it doesn't cost me a lot because the material is very expensive it only cost me my labor my time so this is a very obvious one but most people don't have the time to actually spend working on their boat or they don't want but it is one of the best ways to save money is learning the basic maintenance yourself oil change checking the and inspecting the rigging cleaning stuff lubrica lubricating stuff winterization is one of the biggest money savers because when you bring her out to a professional you will pay hundreds of dollars like 200 to 500 bucks to winterize that thing well in just the the labor will cost you one to two hours and the materials is just 50 bucks so it's a very inexpensive procedure to winterize your outboard for example number eight whenever you do need to go to a professional because the task at hand is simply too complex for you or too big for you to do yourself make sure you do any preparations that are easy and mundane professionals will really appreciate it if you have already cleaned the boat and rid of any clutter cleaned the workspace so there's a good accessibility stuff like that will really help you build rapport with the professional and maybe get you a discount the best tip i've got for you regarding this is whenever you are hiring someone to do work on your boat uh just ask them straight out what can i do to help you do your work better more effectively and quicker and i think they will appreciate that so seven things you could do yourself maintaining your boat are engine oil changes engine impeller changes winterizing the engine winterizing your household systems so any fresh water systems you have on the boat compounding and waxing the hole polishing stainless steel and brass and most spring commission tasks things like getting a ready for the season so the last category is the operations and there's a lot of money to be had here so i'm just gonna list off a couple of quick tips to save you money and the first and most important one as always is sell more and use the outboard less wind is free sailing in itself is free as long as you use the wind clean your bottom if your hole is dirty it will create drag and if you're motoring this will really increase fuel consumption and it sells inefficiently so you'll be quicker and cheaper if you have a clean hub don't flock your gear vlogging your sales for a couple of minutes will take more life out of yourselves than sailing for a couple of hours well trimmed so make sure you don't flock the gear it will also really impact your lines any canvas just don't vlog it get comfortable anchoring out if you learn to enjoy sleeping at anchor greatly reduce the cost of slips which will make any holiday or weekend trip a lot lot cheaper get liability insurance and don't get all risk insurance if you have a bit older boat or just not a very expensive boat it will save you about 80 percent of the insurance policy and it will suffice in most scenarios however my last point is do not skip liability insurance because it saves you a lot of headache and money if you do find yourself in trouble getting an accident or something like that you do want to be insured while on the water otherwise you will not be able to sell ever in your life again because you don't have the money or you're very bitter indeed so those were my 10 insider tips to reduce spending on your boat ownership thanks william so much for providing this list really insightful and if you are considering to buy your first boat really consider subscribing to the channel as well it will help you to make your sailing dream more actionable for now smooth sailing you

  Top Comments:
  1. @daveyjahosaphat1428 [5 likes]: 1st off, after 1 video I subscribed. This information is great, for a first timer like myself. No boat yet here, doing homework and searching for the right thing in the right place.

Cheers to all you bring to the table, friend.
Your delivery is excellent.
The information is useful.
There are a ton of videos on here.
I'm gonna need more pencils :^)
  2. @waynevanballa8292 [4 likes]: just bought my 1st boat. Your channel will become rather handy. thanks
  3. @ReeceCaruso [3 likes]: Great suggestions! This is such an important topic to be discussing at the moment, I really enjoyed the video!
  4. @JFA878 [2 likes]: Never forcing anything which seems stuck -  is great advise.
  5. @MichaelGustavsonArchitect [2 likes]: These prices seem about 10x too low.  Am I missing something?  I'm in SW Florida.
  6. @24hourtravellers [2 likes]: I remember watching your first few videos, you're almost 2 different people!! Your delivery is really good now!!
  7. @Sailing_JP [2 likes]: Great advice. Marina slip in East Canada, USA and Caribbean is about $15/Ft a month on a year long contract.
  8. @unconventionalideas5683 [1 likes]: “Mouse” pluralizes to “Mice” which is not how it works for House/Houses.  English is obnoxious; take it from a native speaker.
  9. @wl6558 [1 likes]: Why isn’t improve sailing way more popular?  These tips are PLATINUM. First time I’ve heard a sailing channel say “lake”. Talk about an untapped market.
  10. @57BigH [1 likes]: I purchased How To Fast-Track Learning To Sail & Save Money e-book.  Very disappointed!  Just a collection of very basic information that can be found on a few sailing websites.  Was really expecting more!  If someone is going to charge money for a product they should really try to deliver value.  The e-book is poor value for money.
  11. @timothythomas1626 [1 likes]: wHAT EXACTLY IS Flogging the Sails?
  12. @timothythomas1626 [1 likes]: Brother you Look a Little Like Jason Statham . Do You Drive an AUDI?
  13. @ZachGinnOfficial [1 likes]: Boom! You put in the work here and the results followed.
  14. @scottwilliams846: What I'm hearing is "take care of your ship and she'll take care of you[r wallet]"
  15. @rblom1632: 11) Make an agenda for use, and share a boat with more people. If it's in the water for 26 weeks, it makes a HUGE difference if it's in use for 2 or 18 weeks. 

I'd say: make an maxed out agenda, lend it out to friends and family. Or buy a boat with two, four or six people. 

12) install a small wood stove, now you can stretch the season by 8 weeks or go even winters sailing. Add some armaflex insulation. Beware of too cold water that can be very dangerous to fall into. 

13) More people on the boat = more sailing pleasure with same costs. 
Now you can run it 20 weeks with 4 people (=80 weeks of fun) instead of two weeks with two people. (4 weeks of fun) 

14) choose an outboard in bun. This is extra noise protection, but also weather and theft protection for your engine. Swapping a mass produced Japanese outboard is cheaper and easier than make an inboard custom fitted. If the engine dies its easy to replace with an electric outboard. That saves hours of Maintainance per year and noise. 

15) Choose a small outboard with the right propeller. The right propeller ads up to 20-30% power, with the same engine. To double the speed of a boat you generally need four times the power. With hard wind you need a propeller with traction, not many horsepower. 

16) a boat has a hull speed, so do not push the wall of the hull speed with oversized engines. In many situations a 5 horse with the right propellor will do 80% of the speed of a 15 horse with the wrong prop and wrong trim. With a 5 horse you don't need boat insurance in Holland. So double benefit. 

17) Buy Japanese engines, other countries only make CRAP. Or go electric. 

18) Choose a volume (wide/high) design with well though out interior. As many costs run per stretching meter/feet. Clever interiors save space. Choose everything compact. Foldable, stackable. Pans and cans that fit into each other etc.. 

19) Buy right sized, do not buy more boat than needed. Costs exponentially grow by length, a 30 feet is twice as expensive as a 20 feet. Go small and take a tent with you for more space. 

20) with a trailer you can choose hard anti fouling = less costs. Keep it out of the water when not in use. 
With a trailer you do not need a crane and saves also about 2x 50 eurodollar per year + 100 per year in antifouling. + 200 per year by way cheaper winter storage. 

21) Do not use folding bikes, but an electric step. Takes up less space. 
Go for an inflatable dinghy, saves spaces in winter. 

I'd personally choose a larger trailer sailer, with electric outboard, a wood stove. For 32 weeks in a Harbour with good facilities. (clean showers, close to a city center and sailing waters) with two or 4 owners + "boat friends". In winter under a roof. 

One day of polishing and work in april and one in oktober.
  16. @jimmybrokos4610: 👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼
  17. @bencoss7003: What is a coffer
  18. @markuslebt: join the facebook group "boats from 1000 dollars". it is free and you will learn something, and see some affordable boats if you're really serious about getting into sailing.

- Breaking News.. Auctioned $60 Million Yacht's New Owner Requires Tow | SY News Ep177: Kind: captions Language: en this is super yacht news with eSysman,&nbsp; welcome back to the channel Okay so we've&nbsp;&nbsp; got some breaking news here and this is about the&nbsp; motor yacht Axioma is leaving Gibraltar currently&nbsp;&nbsp; undertow now doesn't sound like that big of&nbsp; a deal but when we give you the back story&nbsp;&nbsp; you'll understand why this is significant so&nbsp; the boat Axioma is a 73 meter or 240 foot yacht&nbsp;&nbsp; and like I said it was seen leaving at 16 :15&nbsp; hours at UTC time today leaving Gibraltar being&nbsp;&nbsp; towed by tugs now the yacht was previously owned&nbsp; by a Russian businessman Dimitri Pompianski but&nbsp;&nbsp; it was seized in a relation to a claim by&nbsp; J.P Morgan Bank so this happened back in&nbsp;&nbsp; March around about the 21st of March the&nbsp; vessel was heading across the Atlantic and&nbsp;&nbsp; we actually check it on the traffic and we&nbsp; noticed that it said destination Gibraltar which&nbsp;&nbsp; we thought was odd because we knew that the owner&nbsp; was under sanctions and we thought that would be&nbsp;&nbsp; weird for them to go there because the boat would&nbsp; get arrested right anyway that's where they went&nbsp;&nbsp; our sources told us that the boat was heading to&nbsp; Turkey but the boat went to Gibraltar and docked&nbsp;&nbsp; and it was immediately bordered by the authorities&nbsp; and it was arrested right at that moment&nbsp;&nbsp; so let's just I'll just give you a little bit more&nbsp; information about the yacht and what happened to&nbsp;&nbsp; it today but over the weekend we got information&nbsp; from sources on the ground in Gibraltar that the&nbsp;&nbsp; boat had been moved from a long-term berth and&nbsp; we went to Gibraltar ourselves and filmed Axioma&nbsp;&nbsp; last year we'll put some footage up on the screen&nbsp; here and this was the birth that the vessels been&nbsp;&nbsp; in the whole time now at the weekend the&nbsp; boat was towed over to the fuelling berth&nbsp;&nbsp; I think this because I've been in there many times&nbsp; he was there for a number of hours and then it was&nbsp;&nbsp; moved to a second birth which suggests that it&nbsp; went temporarily there to refuel however like we&nbsp;&nbsp; said the boat is not using its own propulsion to&nbsp; move so it does appear that there's a problem with&nbsp;&nbsp; the boat why would they need fuel if they don't&nbsp; have working engines you might ask well they still&nbsp;&nbsp; have to use the generators to provide A/C and&nbsp; lighting and other all of the other electronics&nbsp;&nbsp; for the vessels so they still need fuel for that&nbsp; reason the vessel was seized by the Gibraltar&nbsp;&nbsp; Admiralty after a claim by JP Morgan they took&nbsp; the vessels successfully took the vessel because&nbsp;&nbsp; they said there was an outstanding debt of 20.5&nbsp; million Euros which is about 21 million dollars and then the yacht was sold a few months later&nbsp; by the admiralty court of Gibraltar in a one-day&nbsp;&nbsp; sealed auction sealed bid auction so a day&nbsp; or two after the auction was completed now&nbsp;&nbsp; remember it was a closed bid auction it wasn't&nbsp; the highest bidder wins it was closed bid and&nbsp;&nbsp; the bidder was selected by the Admiralty based on&nbsp; a due diligence check a couple of days after that&nbsp;&nbsp; when they said that they still needed 10 days but&nbsp; two days after that we would we were contacted by&nbsp;&nbsp; sources who said that they already knew who the&nbsp; buyer was they told us that the buyer was Turkish&nbsp;&nbsp; and the buyer was connected to the shipyard that&nbsp; originally built the yacht which is the name of&nbsp;&nbsp; which is Dunya yachts and they were also at the&nbsp; time of the arrest working on a support vessel for&nbsp;&nbsp; Axioma at the shipyard a new vessel now we've not&nbsp; been able to confirm the new buyer if he is indeed&nbsp;&nbsp; Turkish but we we can confirm the destination of&nbsp; the vessel which we'll go on to in a little bit&nbsp;&nbsp; so in the statements at the time the&nbsp; Admiralty Marshal said that the Axioma&nbsp;&nbsp; had been sold following the payments of 37.5&nbsp; million dollars to the successful bidder by&nbsp;&nbsp; the successful bidder and the bid was selected&nbsp; selected after completion of an enhanced due&nbsp;&nbsp; diligence process but the admiralty Marshall&nbsp; was not going to disclose who the new owner was&nbsp;&nbsp; so like I said we disclosed on the channel at&nbsp; the time that we believed that the new owner was&nbsp;&nbsp; Turkish and the boat would be heading to Turkey&nbsp; now we thought it was odd as well that somebody&nbsp;&nbsp; from Turkey would buy a yacht on previously owned&nbsp; by a Russian and the vessel had been taken as part&nbsp;&nbsp; of the sanctions because where are all the Russian&nbsp; Yachts right now they're all in Turkey right so so&nbsp;&nbsp; this is where we we believe that after the&nbsp; completion of the 10-year American Bureau&nbsp;&nbsp; Shipping survey and fixing whatever problems the&nbsp; vessel has clearly as it's being towed the vessel&nbsp;&nbsp; will most likely be put up for sale and then it&nbsp; whoever buys it then is anybody's guess right&nbsp;&nbsp; okay so the vessel as I said is currently being&nbsp; towed now according to AIS on the on Axiomi it&nbsp;&nbsp; says the the vessel is heading to Turkey&nbsp; as speculated in September on the channel&nbsp;&nbsp; interestingly the yacht is broadcasting&nbsp; that it is underway and not being towed&nbsp;&nbsp; which is unusual and also the destination&nbsp; that they've put into AIS incorrect It's&nbsp;&nbsp; actually an incorrect destination We Believe&nbsp; now the tugboat's got the correct destination&nbsp;&nbsp; and it is Gemlik in Turkey we'll put the&nbsp; destination on the screen so you can see&nbsp;&nbsp; whether it is it's not that far away from the&nbsp; boss for straight in turkey and they've got an&nbsp;&nbsp; ETA of around the 11th of February so yeah so&nbsp; that's what we've got so far . stay tuned we'll&nbsp;&nbsp; check the vessels for as long as we can like I&nbsp; said we've got the details of the tug as well so&nbsp;&nbsp; as long as they both continue to broadcast the&nbsp; AIS which is their requirements then we'll be&nbsp;&nbsp; able to track it and give you more updates when as&nbsp; and when we have them if you have any information&nbsp;&nbsp; about this story or any other stories please be&nbsp; sure to get in touch you know how to do that you&nbsp;&nbsp; can get us through the about page of the YouTube&nbsp; channel you can get us on Instagram on Facebook&nbsp;&nbsp; Messenger you can also get us on threema be sure&nbsp; to like this video hit the Subscribe button and&nbsp;&nbsp; hit the bell for future notifications, alright&nbsp; guys thanks very much and I'll see you soon bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @patrikhafstrom8954 [3 likes]: What says that the previous owner hasn’t bought it back through the shipyard acting as a proxy ?
  2. @kyrengorkian [2 likes]: Axioma appears to have been sold for more than the amount of the outstanding bank loan. Having additionally deducted legal costs the original owner is entitled to the surplus (and not the bank). In current circumstances how this might (or might not be achieved) is uncertain
  3. @mgu1N1n1 [1 likes]: fuk 'em all!
  4. @williamrae9954 [1 likes]: The "support" vessel looks crazy....what crime pays for!
  5. @alexmeyjes5533 [1 likes]: So through a cutout the boat gets bought by its original owner and he spends around 11 million to save his 100 million plus investment .
  6. @JohnJohnson-ni6ib [1 likes]: Seems disingenuous to merely report the new owner is Turkish, when the beneficial owner is obviously still Dmitry Pumpyansky -- just more Russians evading sanctions.
  7. @stevenjohns7017 [1 likes]: Just don't get this info anywhere else! Thanks.
  8. @brenly7054: Only good thing about a boat is the day you buy it and the day you sell it
  9. @Balasadventures: How expensive to be tugged all the way - not to mention a bit humiliating, no? 🤔
  10. @edfrawley4356: Since I dont believe in coincidences. I am inclined to believe that they ended up stopping in Gibraltar because they were having engine problems. The kind of problems that would preclude them making any  other port. This of course opens up other questions but the theory does possibly answer the questions of the strange stop in Gibraltar and the strange tow to Turkey.
  11. @johnmagnan759: how often do these mega yachts with these 3000+ HP engines change the oil?  Seems like each engine would take close to 100 gallons of oil.
  12. @matthewdesaegher8603: Will be sold back to Russian billionaire
  13. @ckm-mkc: This probably explains why it stopped in Gibraltar - there was a mechanical problem that forced them to stop there.  Clearly whatever it is, the engines cannot be run without causing further damage.   Maybe a fueling issue causing high EGTs?
  14. @beepseatsfindingfoodtreasu8756: Towed by tugs, owned by thugs. And like most of the equipment rustya owns, it's not maintained.  I'm just glad it's no longer in the hands of a ruski.👍
  15. @ianmacrostie1343: Its FORECLOSURE.
  16. @notrut: Don't think that JP Morgan are whiter than white either ...
They have been fined $£€Billions over and over again.
  17. @jackofalltradesmasterofnon4835: Could it be a question of insurance?
  18. @NiclasHorn: Annnd back to Russia...
  19. @jaynelane7772: Would not trust the turkey just like Russia the Turks should be under sanctions for helping the Russians
  20. @AndrewClelland: The previous owner 'lost' the keys 😜🤣

- Breaking: Billionaire Buys Another Yacht to ‘Understand the Struggles of the Working Class’: Kind: captions Language: en good evening y'all and welcome back to the shameful right where we bring you the hard-hitting news just with a little more sass now brace yourself because we have a breaking story hotter than a skillet on a Sunday morning y'all ain't going to believe this one that's right folks billionaire Chad Moneybags III the man who practically invented the phrase born with a silver spoon has just bought himself another yacht but wait it ain't just any old yacht no C this here baby is a $500 million floating mansion with 12 pools three helipads and a golden toilet because porcelain is just too pedestrian for old chat now y'all might be thinking why in the world does one man need another yacht well Mr Moneybags has an answer and it's as heartwarming as a summer barbecue he says and I quote this purchase is my way of understanding the struggles of the working class [Music] bless his little billionaire Heart Right according to Chad owning multiple Yachts helps him connect with the average Joe you know like the ones who live paycheck to paycheck apparently navigating rough Seas is just like navigating the choppy Waters of say your electric bill doubling same thing we spoke to one hardworking American Joe plumber about this bold move Joe a blue collar worker shared his thoughts while wiping Grease off his hands Joe oh sure yeah I feel real connected to a guy who's got more boats than I got teeth what's next buying a space station to understand my mortgage now let's not be too hard on Mr Moneybags y'all he insists that this new yacht will be used exclusively to host fundraisers for the needy and by needy of course he means needy billionaires who just can't afford their next private jet upgrade the yacht also comes with a staff of 50 because every working man knows you can't struggle properly without someone fluffing your pillow and serving you cavar right now here's the kicker folks while Mr Moneybags is out here connecting with the common folk reports show he hasn't paid a lick of taxes in years ain't that sweet but hey at least he's trying from his jacuzzi on his golden yacht sipping Dom peran just like you and me well bless his clueless heart that's all we have for this edition of the shameful right don't forget to like subscribe and share this video with your friends and family we'll keep calling out the ridiculous because someone's got to do it y'all take care now and don't spend too much time dreaming about that golden toilet subscribe to the shameful WR for more satirical takes on the Absurd

- NautiStyles Yacht Lawsuit EXPOSED – Federal Court, Missing Videos & a Dream Gone Wrong: Kind: captions Language: en It was a really emotional project for us and it meant a lot to us and that's the reason we wanted to share it with you guys, but we really were not sure how it was going to be received. >> What happens when a dream yacht project does not simply run into delays, but ends up unfolding inside a federal courtroom? >> We have safely anchored in an absolutely gorgeous location and we're ready to give you a tour of this incredible bearing. How does a bill that was once celebrated publicly turn into a dispute involving contracts, allegations of under capitalization, and suddenly disappearing videos? And how does reputational pressure change the balance of power when the people involved have a baruge and loyal? Today, we are looking closely at the ongoing legal dispute involving Victoria Challaya and Rico Rockall, better known to many viewers as the creators behind the YouTube channel Naughty Styles. We will update you on the public court filings, procedural updates, and statements that have been made on record with all allegations clearly identified as such. So, who exactly are Victoria and Rico, and why did their yacht project attract so much attention in the first place? Victoria Chilea and Rico Rock Stole are not casual lifestyle influencers who happen to discover yachts for content. Both are licensed United States Coast Guard captains with more than a decade of professional maritime experience. Their background includes charter operations, yacht consulting, brokerage work, and hands-on technical knowledge of systems and vessel operations. When they launched the Naughty Styles YouTube channel, it stood out precisely because it avoided hype. Their walkthroughs were detailed, practical, and often blunt. Viewers trusted Victoria's direct assessments in Rico's technical explanations, and that trust helped the channel grow rapidly into one of the most recognizable names in the online yaching space. With that credibility established, the next step raised an obvious question. What would happen if they turned the camera on their own dream? That question was answered when they launched a second channel now guys and announced that they were building their own long range steel explorer yacht. This was not presented as a speculative idea or future ambition. It was framed as a committed real-time project. They entered into an agreement with Bearing Yachts initially planning a Bearing 75 which later evolved into a more complex and larger vessel. Over time, the project became known as an approximately 82 ft full displacement explorer yacht named Adamus. Viewers were invited into the process at every stage. They watched shipyard walkthroughs in Turkey, listened to debates over layout and systems, and heard repeated references to the project as the biggest financial decision of their lives. This level of transparency created emotional investment from the audience, which makes the next question unavoidable. When did things start to change? The shift was subtle at first. Updates about the yacht became less frequent. Language on camera grew more careful. Details that once flowed freely were suddenly limited. While the channel remained active, the focus slowly moved away from Adamus. For many viewers, the silence felt deliberate but unexplained. The reason for that silence became clearer in mid 2025 when the dispute moved from the shipyard into the legal system. On July 30th, 2025, Anggeles LLC, a company linked to Victoria and Rico, filed a lawsuit in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of North Carolina. The defendants include Bearing Yachts LLC, Bearing Naval, and a number of related companies and individuals. According to the complaint, Anggeles LLC alleges breach of contract, fraud, unfair trade practices, and negligence connected to the construction of the vessel. It is important to be precise here. These are allegations contained in a complaint, not findings of fact, and no court has ruled on liability at this stage. That raises the next critical question. What exactly does Angelus LLC claim went wrong? Recent filings expand significantly on the plaintiff's position. According to the amended allegations, Anggeles LLC claims that the bearing defendants were under capitalized not because of market conditions alone, but because of improper transfers of assets and the siphoning of funds between corporate entities and individual defendants. The complaint alleges that this under capitalization directly prevented the defendants from meeting their contractual obligations, including timely completion and delivery of the yacht and that this failure caused monetary harm to Angelus LLC. These claims remain contested and unproven, but they add a serious dimension to the dispute. If the defendants dispute those claims, how does the plaintiff argue that the contract itself was clear and enforceable? The complaint goes into unusual detail to establish that the agreement was definite, specific, and measurable. According to Angelus LLC, the contract provided for the construction of a one-of-a-kind semicustom 77 ft steel and aluminum longrange explorer motor yacht. The agreement allegedly incorporated highly specialized requirements tailored to Angelus' operational plans, including the intention to use the vessel for charter operations. The contract also specified that the yacht would measure less than 24 m to comply with regulatory requirements. Beyond size and layout, the filings list a detailed array of specialized systems that were allegedly required under the agreement. These include high-capacity silent mode technology, solar integration, black and gray water treatment systems, and integrated high-end sound system throughout the vessel, additional high-powered alternators to support extended battery banks, upgraded Funo navigation equipment, a commercial-grade alarm and monitoring system, a professionally outfitted galley suitable for charter chefs, a hydraulic swim platform, an upgraded 2,500lb crane, a custom-designed HVAC system with integrated ceiling heaters, precision vision balance custom V EM super yacht propellers and a cathotic protection system. The plaintiff's argument is that these details make the agreement clear enough that performance obligations can be easily identified and evaluated. That leads to another question that has drawn significant attention. How much has been paid and how complete is the yacht? According to Angelus LLC, approximately 83% of the total purchase price of the vessel has already been paid. At the same time, the complaint alleges that construction of the yacht is at best approximately 70% complete. The filings further state that Anggeles LLC has fully performed its obligations under the agreement to date and remains ready, willing, and able to perform any remaining obligations if construction resumes and contractual benchmarks are met to the agreed quality standard and within a reasonable time frame. Once again, this is the plaintiff's position, not a judicial determination. So, where does the case stand procedurally as of now? As of court filings through December 8th, 2025, Anggeles LLC attempted to serve several Turkeybased defendants through the Hague Convention, which governs international service of legal documents. The Turkish Ministry of Justice later confirmed that service was not successfully completed. Because of this, Angelus LLC requested a 90-day extension to complete service, which is a common procedural step in international litigation and does not reflect a ruling on the merits of the case. At the same time, Anggeles LLC sought entries of default against several US-based defendants, including Bearing Yacht LLC and Bearing Yacht Sales LLC, alleging that they failed to respond within the required time frame after being properly served. An entry of default is not a judgment, but it does shift procedural leverage. Defense Council responded by arguing that the delays were tied to ongoing settlement negotiations and that response deadlines were intentionally delayed by mutual agreement in order to avoid disrupting those talks. No court has yet ruled on whether those defaults will stand. While all of this was unfolding in court, another development raised new questions. Why did a public update video suddenly appear and then justice suddenly disappear? Naughty guys released a YouTube video providing an update on the status of the yacht. According to viewers who watched it before it was removed or made private, Victoria and Rico stated that they had exercised their contractual right to terminate the agreement with Bearing Yachts. They asserted that the vessel belongs to them under the contract and that they are legally permitted to take possession of it and move it to a nearby shipyard for completion. They also stated that attorneys had been engaged to protect and enforce their rights and that Bearing had not yet responded to their formal notices. Shortly after the video went live, it was taken down and no public explanation has been offered. This naturally leads to another question. Was that video simply an update or was it leverage? In disputes of this scale, reputation matters. Naughty Styles is not a small or obscure channel. Victoria and Rico have a significant reach, a loyal audience, and credibility built over years. Public allegations, detailed filings, and a short-lived update video all increase pressure, whether intentionally or not. It is difficult to ignore how unusual it is for a situation involving creators with that level of visibility to escalate this far without resolution. So why has there been no full expose from their side? The most likely answer remains legal restraint, active litigation, potential non-disclosure agreements, and advice from council often limit what parties can safely say in public. In this context, silence does not necessarily mean inaction. It may simply mean that the fight has moved entirely into legal channels. That brings us to where things stand now. The lawsuit is active. Allegations have expanded. Service on foreign defendants is ongoing. Defaults are contested. Contract termination has been publicly claimed. Possession and completion of the yacht remain disputed. No court has ruled on the substance of the claims. And the most consequential questions are still unanswered, which leaves one final question worth asking. Is this story ultimately a cautionary tale about the risks of custom yacht construction? Or is it a painful chapter in a longer journey that has not yet reached its conclusion? For now, the answer sits with judges, mediators, and legal filings rather than YouTube videos. We will continue to follow the case as verifiable updates emerge, and we will bring them to you when facts, not speculation, are ready to be discussed. Thank you for watching, and we will see you in the next update.

  Top Comments:
  1. @julesthecaptain1 [3 likes]: Cheaper is never better and the devil is always in the details 😢
  2. @Ajc265 [3 likes]: Just take possession of it as is and let Rico finish it on the weekends
  3. @AlexKilleen-n3o [2 likes]: When you think you’re going to buy a 24m high end explorer yacht for half the normal cost built in turkey by Russians you only have yourself to blame . Should have gone to Holland , paid the proper price and had the security of an established builder that has the resources and know how to build a proper yacht. I am in the industry and let me  you everyone knows outside a few builders turkey is a nightmare to try build a yacht , the only ones that are safe enough are ones owned by Europeans and managed by Dutch or Italian businesses . Trying to build with Russian owned yards is like asking a Nigerian car company to build you a Ferrari .
  4. @WonderingPandatravel [1 likes]: By American made!
  5. @JohnKellett-f3y [1 likes]: Although I am now retired I spent the last 30 years contracting for the building of yachts, ships, offshore vessels etc in overseas yards including but not exclusive to Turkey, China, Russia, Singapore, Vietnam  amongst others.  Delays, technical disputes and build changes are very common and so are disputes, cancellations and failure to complete.  The usual guarantee of success is to use a reputable well financed builder with the usual caveats for good contract language, taking care to establish jurisdiction in case of dispute and sufficient bank and other guarantees to support any advance payment or deposit.  Unfortunately, Covid upended many contracts and businesses and whilst this was not directly foreseen many contracts allow for protection of one or both parties in such circumstances but these matters need to be considered at the outset and before any final commitments.  If the plaintiffs have proceeded to build without sufficient attention to these fundamental principles one can of course feel sorry for them, but honestly speaking as industry professionals they really only have themselves to blame, resorting to lawyers and public airing of their dispute shows fundamental weaknesses of their position as they have already created reputational damage for the builder, and therefore lost a huge amount of leverage and whilst it’s great to have lawyers this is usually not the best way to find an equitable resolution to the completion and delivery of the yacht (if that is what they still wish).
  6. @pauldesjarlais8654 [1 likes]: I can see where both parties are at fault here. Dealing with a company half way around the world and it seems they were constantly making changes to their boat build. If they had purchased a boat a couple years old they would have solved all these issues and been on their way to making video's and chartering.
  7. @bbpcah75 [1 likes]: They never changed the size of the yacht,  Bering only changed the name/designation of the yacht
  8. @marineboy6033 [1 likes]: I found the Nauti Styles channel way too annoying to watch - but I wish them the best….
  9. @JamesBroeder [1 likes]: They deserve it. They don’t know what they are talking about on the boats they showed
  10. @thePirateLocker: The Biggest and bestest bering yachts is getting suid for shawdy craftsmanship.
The Mighty Hoity Toity ran off with the last bottle of champagne to.
  11. @MASTER3RDEYE: It appears a settlement has been reached.  

https://youtu.be/PH44KaW5f3c?si=Y1FbiAx7OVF_qSai
  12. @fredhoffer862: good luck to you both! i’m with you
  13. @Bionic-Sasquatch: all the lawsuits were dropped by both parties.
  14. @stfuliberal: A ship like that would cost many millions of dollars, and they will most likely lose it to lawyers.
  15. @superdude1759: Can you please increase the volume of the background music and run the video again?  Now I'm sure that some would say "why is there distracting background music, competing with the narration?"  Not me!  Oh no!  I prefer the background music!  I don't care about the narration or the story!  I'm just here for the music!  So, please; turn it up and drown out the narrator!  All I'm here for is the music and the video!  Thanks!
  16. @Davidm1056: Case has been settled and lawsuit dropped.
  17. @ctsvvvvv: 1 word Turkey….
  18. @j.walker3498: Be a great time to buy Bering.
  19. @kandesjarlais7164: ns demanding changes, that's time and extras.---

i always questioned the build for many reasons...  
should've bought one built if they had the chance... for sure there are more reputable builders without such a dubious lineage
  20. @skippergrundy5248: Mmmmm 
As of now in the new year of: 2026.
Bering is now building a 165 foot super yacht.
Naughty styles is doing what ?

- Nobody Wants $80 Million SuperYacht! | Strange Movements of Yacht | SY News Ep 201: Kind: captions Language: en this is super out news with these cisman hi welcome back to the channel all right so in the previous video we talked about a yacht from 1929 called hyena 1929. now the reason we talked about this yacht it was a yacht spot feature somebody sent in the footage of the boat whose name I lost uh I I don't know whether the person sent the name but I could not find any name for that so I'm really sorry if you're watching I said send me your name and I will put it on the screen in the next video but anyway we got this footage in and it showed the beautiful hyena 1929 and we talked about the vessel and we said that it was built in Germania worth in Kiel in Germany in 1929 unbelievably um and it had these engines these Frederick group engines original engines from 1929 still fitted into the vessel vessel had a massive refit in 2016. I'm not going to say the whole thing because I did it yes in the last video but um there was a big refit but they kept the original engines now the reason why I brought it up again is because first first of all um somebody sent me a link to a video from 2010 that shows the engines in operation I'll play that for you now amazing now when I was watching that video it reminded me of a scene from a movie of another boat that was built in Germany 10 years later in 1939 now if you've ever seen a film called uh Das boat it's a German World War II film it's I think it might be my favorite well World War II movie of all time um it was made in 1983 but it's based on a true story of a U-Boat that was built in Germany u96 the boat was called now incredibly the boat was built in germaniaworth in Kiel in Germany in 1939 so it was built in the same Shipyard as Haida 1929 and the reason why I I recognized something from it is when I saw that engine video that you're just saying I remember this scene in that movie thank you now I can't say that they're the same engines but they were very similar aren't they they are it does according to the history they were Frederick group engines Frederick group Germany where it was the name of the shipyard so they were engines built by the shipyard that built the ship so it's got Frederick group engines and they look very similar 10 years apart I did maybe maybe a different version of the engine but it did look very similar don't they um so yeah so quite incredible that this boat which is still in use today was built 10 years before that U-Boat from World War II it really is from a different time isn't it what we understand from above the boat is that the boat is fitted with a bow thruster now to help the vessel move sideways you know to help it docking and stuff like that but it does not have a stand Thruster which is pretty standard on most shots now so it must really make the handling of that boat quite tricky there is a video online of one of these engines this type of engine which I I mentioned in the previous video where it started with compressed air there's a video online it's had 20 million views I will post a link to it below and you can watch the procedure for starting the engines amazing to think that there are Engineers still doing this today on an active vessel but I'll put a link below and if you haven't seen the film dust boat you should check it out it is absolutely fantastic but you've got to watch it in German with the English subtitles because it's it's incredible anyway we'll move on to our first bit of news and that is about moti art a now she's been spotted in a Razzle kaima again now if you've been watching the channel for any length of time you'll know that this boat has been hiding out in Razzle kaima ever since last year um she's in she's anchored off Alhambra Marina in Russell which is in the United Arab Emirates she still has no AIS broadcasting now it's been over a year now since she broadcasted AIS um the last days of recorded AIS broadcast was on the 10th of March uh 2022 and when she was in the Maldives uh she's been moving around from the the World Resort in in Dubai and Raz al-qaime ever since the flag state is still showing on the IMO database the flag state is still showing as unknown which means that they have not registered a new flag state for that boat so she most likely she doesn't have what she currently doesn't have one now that brings us on to another boat that's called a and it's owned by the same person well allegedly owned by the same person uh sailing you'll say you'll all know this boat now we're guarantee in the comments below you'll see comments about these boats being ugly um maybe they are maybe they're not I kind of think I like them I like both of them I think they're they're different better than the the wedding cake super yacht typical build isn't it but anyway um the reason why I'm talking about sailing yote is one is that the vessel is currently uh under the control of the Italian government because it's been arrested but it's one of the most active arrested Yachts I think it is the the I don't think there is another yacht that moves like this one now this one is moving almost weekly uh from Trieste to Trieste Anchorage and then back to Trieste now the The Vessel was in a dried up facility when it was arrested and then it was moved out of that dry lock facility a few months later because I think it's been canceled areas was that dry dock and they wanted to use it so the boat's been an anchor ever since but it moves a lot I don't really know why it has to move so much and maybe they've told the authorities that they need to move it to stop it from something seizing up on it or something but when you think about the fact that the Italian governments are paying for the fuel bill for that boat right now it's quite incredible that they are moving around as much as they are now um one of the things that a development that's come about sailing I'll say is that the um Andrea millerchenko's head of public relations he said recently in an article online that the sailing outside is uh not owned by Andrew millerchenko any longer he says Pro is the property of a discretionary trust managed by independent trustee and Mr melanchenko has no relationship to that trust and also according to lawyers for austria-based Law Firm they represent melanchenko and they said that sailingate was flagged by the uh it was reflagged and this is something that we put we were the first to point out it was reflagged uh on a I think a Sierra Leone flag and um it but that was done by the Italian authorities apparently and it was not done by Mr millerchenko or the entity that owns the yacht because apparently that's not the same it's not the same people uh now this seems to be an attempt to say Well Mr melanchenko doesn't own the yacht therefore why is the yacht arrested if he doesn't own it then um you know what why is it Arrested uh but it would seem uh you know that he is um trying to distance himself from that pose now it's unlikely that the Italians are buying this story if the vessel is still arrested right if they really truly believe that he no longer owned that vessel then there would be no reason to to continue to have it under the control of the Italian government what this article did say is a representative for the Italian State Property agency which is responsible for Frozen Yachts they told Forbes that they um reflect the Shahar Assad after the ship was deregistered by the Cayman Islands and they reflect that vessel to Malaysia so they reflect that vessel to Malaysia um I'm not quite sure if the Italian government reflect sailing out a um and why would they reflect Shahara side with Malaysia and then and then um sailing I'll say with Sierra Leone that doesn't really make a lot of sense either so but anyway uh that's what they're saying that's the official stance on that boat that Mr milnanchenko no longer owns the boat so anyway we'll move on and the next bit of news is that motor yacht octopus is back in the Mediterranean now if you'll remember if you've been watching she was in the Antarctic for the winter season well technically it was the summer season for octopus because in the Antarctic it's in the southern hemisphere so when it's winter here it's someone down there but you know that like if you live in the meds you say I'm gonna go to the Antarctica for the for the winter um then you're effectively going into the southern hemisphere you know what I'm talking about so anyway the vessel was down there and they had the likes of Lewis Hamilton on board getting ready to go snowboarding oh oh 44. and a snowboarder called Sean White I believe his name is I always get abused when I say that because I don't really know this person that well but people try to say he's more famous than Lewis Hamilton which maybe he is in the US but certainly not in the rest of the world anyway the boat is back in the Mediterranean and she stopped in Gibraltar briefly no doubt to fill up with fuel and most likely fill up with Provisions as well from Morrisons which is I'm sure they've got a large continue a British crew on board um and so it's Gibraltar is great because you can go in there and you can buy all your goods that you normally only get when you're at home uh the versal then headed to Malaga in Spain where she has been well she's just arrived there today so it looks like she's back in the med for The Med season but she is a charity art now uh since she was bought from the estate of the late Paul Alan The Vessel has been used for chartering all right so we'll move on uh and our main story is about alphanero again it is in the news right now the antique and government they put out um in the international press that they were asking for the owner of the vessel to claim the vessel and they had 10 days to do so that date expired on the 31st of March so now the antiquing government is preparing to put that up for sale uh that is a big big deal isn't it and we mentioned in the last video that and the people the people who represent Andrea guriev they have denied that he owns that vessel and so and he's the only one that I mean the all the authorities the US government the authorities International authorities have all said that he is the owner of that vessel but he's saying he's not the owner and nobody else has come forward so the vessel has effectively been abandoned um now this vessel was uh when he purchased it I believe it was a purchase for around 120 million dollars it was valued at 82 million dollars last year uh recently more recently it was valued at less than 50 million dollars because it's been abandoned in Antigua for over a year all its um all its paperwork's probably expired as well so um someone's probably gonna have to spend a few million on it when when they buy but nonetheless they're probably getting a bargain um but that vessel is actually a classed as a blocked property by the U.S treasury of uh the U.S treasury office of foreign assets control or ofac that is officially on the list of Brock blocked properties because of the association with Andrew Gay of but anyway that vessel is now going to be sold at the antiquing governments have said also they're going to pay the creditors and pay the crew who worked on board so if you're if your ex crew of alphanero you should be getting a paycheck from them in in the next few months um but yeah it's quite interesting isn't it it was very interesting actually that this vessel is going to get sold soon and somebody's going to buy this shot and and apparently the antiquing governments also said that they're going to publicize or make public whoever buys the yacht which is very unusual in itself um so yeah we'll we'll definitely be following that one uh with an eyepiece to keep to keep tabs on it and we'll bring you all the news when we have it all right so just before we go please be sure to check out our patreon page at patreon.com we just had about five people sign up in the last couple of days so that's great um so I'd like to welcome all of those people in advance uh we've just posted another video on the patreon chat about security and Yachts um or when it goes wild as I've called the time the video you'll also get to see exclusive videos not published on YouTube like the Atlantic Vlog series you'll get early access to Features advert free you'll get to suggest topics for future videos and ask questions for Patron only q and A's now if you've got any information about any of the stories here tonight please be sure to get in touch especially if you're excrew of alphanero uh you know how to do that you can do it on the about page of the YouTube channel you can do it on uh Instagram on Facebook messenger and you can also do it on threema uh be sure to like this video very important hit the Subscribe button and hit the bell for future notifications alright guys thanks very much for watching and I'll catch up with you soon bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @xfxox [1 likes]: So what crime did Andrey Milnechenco committed may i ask?
  2. @bastarddoggy [1 likes]: While it is perfectly normal for sales between private individuals to be kept private, I think the sale of the superyacht by the government should absolutely be transparent. Governments doing things with large sums of money and valuable property behind closed doors stinks of corruption.
  3. @vaper106: Sailing yacht A is in Trieste at the minute. 20 May 2025
  4. @davewest0710: Totally agree about Das Boot, so good it’s easily watchable in German without understanding a word!
  5. @iancouper3644: Engines sound the same.
  6. @silo3com: Smash
  7. @alyxiastarling7990: I want it but I dont have that kind of cash to toss around to buy it.
  8. @macrichardson7904: Cause it is an ugly huge floating bar of soap?       Unique yes,  attractive........................ehh      beauty is in the eye of the Beerholder.  Visibility is extremely poor on this yacht.   if I had that money, i wouldn't buy it either.
  9. @actionarslan: What would have prohibited me to claim ownership of alpha Nero in the absence of anyone else coming forward?
  10. @ThadSmith-jc2tz: Hi there. 
Thanks for these updates.

I’d like to bring to your attention the correct pronunciation of ‘HAIDA’.

Haida Gwaii Islanfs (in the Probince of British Columbia, Canada), are the ancestral home of the Haida First Nations.

HAIDA is pronounced Hi Dah.
GWAII is pronounced Gu why.

😀
  11. @crockett616: I do want one if no one else wants it, thanks
  12. @Niko-br9ql: i find it hilarious that they can say "it's not owned by melnichenko so why is it seized" 
while also not bringing forth the actual owner lol. If the yacht is owned by some random billionaire from Brazil you would think they would just come out and talk to the authorities to clear up the mix up and take the vessel back home.
  13. @tsclly2377: probably been sold from the original owner and the new owner has leased the 'Sailing yacht A'  
on a long enough lease that the lessee got to choose 'flagged status'.... Surprised it has not been shown with the sails out. . so it appears that some 'covert unit' is operating her.. (and that is too bad)
  14. @Maybe1Someday: Sailing yaht A is probobly the most beautiful boat. It would be so cool to be on it when its just under wind power
  15. @thomaswoodcock9189: Gosh what an ugly yacht.
  16. @williamrae9954: My favourite WW2 movie was on this week,'Black Book'....been a while since I've watched 'Das Boot'!
  17. @katakalyptica: I want it - but as a present
  18. @MartinAston00: Idk.. video games, PS/Xbox/Nintendo are worldwide. Sean White had his own video game ! Lewis didn’t, and F1 is a very niche spectator sport.
  19. @MartinAston00: That’s funny I thought of the same scene from Das. No not same Engines, but same operations almost.Unfortunately it’s unlikely anyone will pay that, when they could pay way less for a nicer and easier to maintain ship.
  20. @Ppal486wan: Who would. It's the most ugly boat I've ever seen.

- Divers struggle to enter sunken yacht in search for missing billionaire: Kind: captions Language: en survivors of the sunken luxury yacht of sicil Coast left Palma's Pediatric Hospital on Tuesday as search and rescue operations to find six missing people resumed Dr Domenico Chipola the director of pediatric admission at the hospital said James emsley and his wife Charlotte galonsky had been treated for minor injuries while the one-year-old daughter Sophie was unharmed they luckily managed to keep the baby girl from the waves because for a few seconds she had even escaped but her mother managed to pick her up hold her above the water and get into the safety raft that had luckily already been launched a few minutes earlier following an intense storm that sank the vessel on Monday divers continued search efforts hoping to find six missing people including British Tech entrepreneur Mike Lynch the British flight basan yacht was scaring 22 people and anchored of the Port of porticello when it was hit by the fierce storm 15 people managed to escape before it capsized those unaccounted for are Lynch and his 18-year-old daughter Hannah Judy and Jonathan Bloomer a non-executive chair of Morgan Stanley International and Clifford Chance's lawyer Chris morio and his wife Neda morio the only body so far retried was that of an onboard antean Chef Ricardo Thomas the fire brigade which is leading the search operation said entering the boat is proving difficult the yacht is lying at a depth of 160 ft giving divers only 8 to 10 minutes at the rec site before they have to resurface here is fire department diver Marco toota difficulties of this case are dictated by the depth of this boat that does not allow for long dive times also you need to understand the conditions the hull is tilted at 90° and access to the hull is difficult if you manage to get inside the hull understand that there are lots of objects floating around descending into the compartment below the stairs are narrow and going into all the cabins is a really difficult and hard job Mike Lynch 59 is one of the UK's best known Tech entrepreneurs he built the country's largest software firm autonomy and was referred to as Britain's Bill Gates The Vessel was owned by Lynch's wife who survived a disaster storms and heav rains have ravaged Italy in recent days after weeks of scorching heat warmed the sea temperature to record highs raising the risk of extreme weather conditions according to experts

  Top Comments:
  1. @NickHarris-lumifounder [9 likes]: loses billions of dollars for blackrock..end up dead
  2. @gailmcdonald6640 [4 likes]: This is so sad the blink of your eye your whole life can change to no fault of your own😢
  3. @majormediaproductions [3 likes]: Where is the picture of the Antiguen Chef who also perished. Is the loss of his life not that important?
  4. @elmushaw2367 [3 likes]: Lets hope there's airpocket on that yacht ⛵ everyone !!! There was a man who survived   for more than 2 days under the ocean from a sunken tiny boat 👌💪👍✌️
  5. @rof8200 [3 likes]: Act of God. His business partner died a few hours earlier due to a bike accident
  6. @patriciamannings2919 [2 likes]: All the crew escaped !!!
  7. @soundhead6971 [2 likes]: Ive actually got a better house than him now!
  8. @carlostrotman29 [1 likes]: So were there any life jackets on board that yatch?
  9. @mistigri8045 [1 likes]: vous ne trouvez pas ca bizarre les journalistes ? un magna de la tec, sorti d'un procès retentissant, dont un collaborateur vient de se faire déssouder deux jours avant ?
  10. @alanpitkin411 [1 likes]: Sailing 101 mast up keel down
  11. @newscomauhq: Divers struggle to enter sunken yacht wreck, search for missing continues

#breakingnews #yacht #mikelynch #sicily 

Survivors of the luxury yacht that sank off the coast of Sicily were discharged from Palermo's pediatric hospital on Tuesday (August 20) as search and rescue efforts to find six missing people continued. Alice Rizzo reports.

Connect With news.com.au Online ► [https://www.news.com.au] https://bit.ly/3WC8hOP
▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬
Follow Us:
Facebook ► [https://www.facebook.com/news.com.au/]
Instagram ► [https://www.instagram.com/newscomauhq/?hl=en]
Podcast ► [https://newscomau.org/FromTheNewsroom]
TikTok ► [@news.com.au]
Twitter ► [https://twitter.com/newscomauHQ]
▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬
Subscribe To Our YouTube Channel
For The Very Latest News From Australia And Around The World:
► [https://www.youtube.com/@newscomauhq]
► [https://www.youtube.com/@newscomauhq/shorts]
► [https://www.youtube.com/@newscomauhq/videos]
▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬
  12. @LovelyLass-nb8op: Aah well
  13. @harryknickerbocker9889: The captain should have taken down the sails to prevent a knock down when the wind increased. Who was on watch?
  14. @Rocky-d7t1q: CIA or Putin, who done this😢
  15. @samward166: How hard can it be really ?
  16. @logic.and.reasoning: Large ships should carry out riggers to stabilise.
  17. @margarita8442: billionaire to zeroaire

- The Yacht Week Hosts - Make it the perfect trip: Kind: captions Language: en so you want the perfect trip it's the little things like waking up to a clean yacht or a tailored breakfast that's dressed to impress washing up don't worry about it cali's prepped and we're sailing you're sunbathing on deck lunch is ready whatever the conditions the anchor is lowered and the fenders are dropped 3pm snack the day is yours make whatever you want of it want to go out for dinner we know the best spots want it on board no problem a glass of wine with the sunset ready for another perfect day tomorrow

  Top Comments:
  1. @Lucas_Collins: Cant wait for this

- What it's like to LIVE on a solar powered boat! (week 1): Kind: captions Language: en last week we were digging holes in the woods to go to the bathroom and this week we're going to be living on a 55-foot yacht in the Mediterranean that is completely powered by the sun you really never know what you're going to get with this channel so we appreciate you showing up every week so imagine if a Tesla had enough solar panels on top that you could drive it forever without ever having to plug it in and charge it this boat is basically that a Tesla on the water that you never have to charge last year we had the opportunity to spend two days on a silent yacht and thanks to all three million of you who showed up to watch that video they've invited us back but this time it's for two weeks and it's going to be completely different last time we were on board we just bounced around the Eastern tip of the island this time we're taking the boat on a proper Adventure we'll be exploring the coastline of Mallorca and then making our first ever Crossing to Ibiza ibista I think you have to say with a bit of a lisp plus we'll be bringing along a few friends this first week on board we have the most famous Sailors on all of YouTube joining us our friends Riley and Elena their kids Darwin and Lenny and their Nanny Rachel it took a little convincing to get Riley on board because he's a bit of a sailing purist but I think it's going to be really interesting to get his take on how silent cruising Stacks up against sailing this is a big question good morning from our home for the next two weeks still here in the boat parking lot because the winds got a little crazy this is the silent 55 which is actually the same size boat that we were on last year except for this one is newer and has a totally different layout specifically where I'm standing right now this is the biggest difference last year's boat this was the main bedroom but instead this one has a front exit which we've been told makes the boat a lot more livable and comfortable so far all I can tell you is that it creates this beautiful Breeze but we did have to give up a lot of bedroom space for it so we'll see which one we prefer I guess this is like a day bed we turned it into Rachel's bed this is what I'm calling a hidden office if this computer screen wasn't here it would just look like a normal table but if you pull out this drawer it's actually a chair love this little detail moving on this is the indoor Helm Helm but there's no steering wheel yeah that's weird where's the wheel it's up there is it no there is nowhere there's no wheel it's like a volume button that steers the entire boat actually I think it's this one knobs literally and figuratively we don't really know how any of this works yet but our goal by the end of the week is to be able to control this entire thing by ourselves look I'm zooming on these people oh what brand water are you drinking there Aquafina that is the creepiest thing I've ever seen you'll see this is a tour of a silent night that's actually being lived in so we've really made ourselves at home in here but the kitchen has everything you could ever want running water uh drinking water noises so it's run through oh yeah throw a series of membranes and so that's fresh water made from the ocean what do you say keep in mind this is all being powered by the solar panels so we have a dishwasher this beautiful coffee maker which made me really happy because we're gonna be on here for a long time and the kind of coffee I'm getting makes a big difference in my life an induction stove oven slash microwave I've never seen this before if you just need a little something from the fridge press here Secret Door grab whatever you need as you'll see we have completely stocked the fridge yesterday Elena and I were left on our own at the grocery store to provision the entire boat for everyone for the whole week uh we may not be going a little over forward with the overboard I think we have enough to see an army this is what happens when Elena and I are at the store oh see the boys are gonna hide us last time we were on board we had a private Chef it was glorious but this time we were planning this trip with the signing out team we told him we wanted a completely different experience and we wanted to know what it was like to actually live on this boat but for some reason they didn't really trust us to take a 2 million dollar yacht out on our own so that's why we have the amazing Captain Mike but hopefully by the end of this week we can take over and he can just relax so basically on this trip we're going to be completely in charge of everything from the cooking to the cleaning laundry figuring out where we go what route we take it's gonna be awesome you've seen the upstairs now let's head downstairs uh-oh water on the ground on the front Stern side we have our bedroom each bedroom comes with its own full bathroom so we have a shower sink toilet and it's all surprisingly spacious for being on boat you can actually see into the shower from the hallway into the toilet that's kind of funny the person this boat was built for really wanted to be able to access the bed from both sides I really like it because if Nate's over here and I'm over here and he has to get out of bed before me to make my coffee he can just crawl this way instead of crawling over me take out of the kitchen across the hall from us is Captain Mike's room over here on the starboard side this is Riley and Elena's room which personally we think is the best but because we're good friends we let them have it this week now for the fourth and final bedroom this is the boys room and now let's head outside all day out here on the back deck we have the outdoor seating area my favorite part is this thing I haven't seen one in real life before but I have a feeling it's gonna be the highlight of the trip more beautiful seating these trampolines are my absolute favorite part of catamarans this is the hatch that goes down into our bedroom I actually woke up this morning to Darwin going bye bye [Laughter] Chaz Helm number two if you prefer to steer the boat from outside and of course all the solar panels This is where the magic happens on both sides of me are 400 watt solar panels and there's even more up here and those are what fuel this entire yacht mind-blood all right that does it for the tour now it's finally time to leave port [Music] it's a bit windy and wavy today so we're not going to be driving up top from the fly bridge now we have to prepare this area and put the roof down so it doesn't catch extra wind y so you're gonna press right there oh you're putting the roof down nice job you just pressed a button yeah I just put the key around the proportion is on now yep let's go we joked about wanting to take this boat out by ourselves but I am so glad that Captain Mike is here to steer us between both of these million dollar super Yachts this is stressful just to throw the ropes real quick want to say a big thank you to surfshark for sponsoring this video if you've never heard of surf shark well you probably haven't seen very many of our videos because they've been a long time supporter of the channel they've also been keeping it safe for years online with the best VPN on the internet if you don't know what a VPN is it stands for virtual private Network it encrypts all the data sync between your computer and the internet so that no one can steal your sensitive information but let's say you don't care about your online security which you should a VPN can still be a great way to improve your digital life because it allows you to unlock content that isn't available in your area let's say your favorite show is office which isn't available on Netflix in the US anymore it's super easy to change the virtual location of your computer and get access to a completely new content Library oh fire oh my goodness what's the procedure if you don't already have a VPN we highly recommend Surf Shop we've been using it for years now and it's the only VPN to offer one account for unlimited devices you can use our code care and they to get 83 off plus three extra months for free and there's a 30 day money back guarantee so there is no risk to try it out to get started just click the link in the description below so it's not exactly like a Tesla in the sense that there is a diesel generator on board which can either be used for safety reasons like let's say you were stuck out in the sea and you ran out of solar or if you want to go faster with the boat and you need more power than what the solar panels can generate it will switch over to the diesel generator so what we're doing right now is before we leave port we're filling up with diesel and we're actually going to track how much diesel we have to use on this trip and we're off all right we are leaving the port behind quite a bit rougher the last time we were here but we are officially silent cruising Captain Mike what are the sizes of the swells I would say 1.8 1.92 meters it's like a man that's done that before it's all in there yeah well this has been a very exciting start to the trip the waves have not really calmed down yet and unfortunately Nate's starting to feel a little seasick thankfully though at this point in my life I still have not experienced seasickness so I'm just out here enjoying the ride bouncing oven down crazy so hopefully it's not like this the whole time and now that we're still I'm gonna make glitter face we're having tempeh club sandwiches perfection nice work Chef the cross freeze with both open doors is really doing its thing right now this is one of those sandwiches that you have to commit to like as soon as I pick it up there's no putting it down 10 of 10 sandwich really as your first meal as Cruise Chef if you pass clap for you but I can't let go of my sandwich Darwin did you like Cara's guacamole one two three the water feels amazing I thought it was gonna be cold but it's perfect so the girls got to swim in Riley and I just did a workout and now that my muscles are fully depleted I'm going to give the flight board a try for the very first time I have literally been following this company on Instagram for three years watching all of the epic videos of this board just hovering effortlessly above the water and I'm so excited to try it but I have a feeling what I'm about to do is not going to look anything like those videos that I've seen on Instagram I've actually heard this is really hard hello everyone feel free to watch Nate's gonna have an audience for his first time on the flyboard wow he's just surfing wow you look cool kinda here we go here we go it's going oh my God whoa oh my gosh oh that was a hard one up next is Royals taking it slow at the beginning there foil was definitely hard but I will say it's not as hard as I thought it was going to be and the cool part about the flight board is that it's also powered by electricity and it was charged here on board which means that ultimately the fun on the flight board came from the solar panels that are on top of the style yet thank you I'm really forced the liquor instead of that oh my gosh so this island which is Mallorca there's wind coming from the north so we'll anchor on the southern part of the island in a nice protected Bay and then the next day we'll have a really easy trip down and we'll go to this island which is Cabrera I'll check with Mike the cat I've made my decision hahaha dinner is served we've prepared cauliflower burritos I hope everybody likes garlic and cilantro who was first baby cat goat cheese pizza got a little intense why do we have so many pillows I don't know can you see how much the bones you should be a rock to sleep like babies yeah great first full day on board what was your favorite part honestly had a lot of fun on our sale over here so your favorite part was my least favorite part yeah what was your favorite part definitely good night foreign good morning the rain has subsided it has turned into an absolutely beautiful day but as you can see we left a few things on the deck someone left their hatch open so this back area is turned into a giant drying rack the plan for today is to enjoy a little more time in this Bay maybe get a run in maybe ride the flight board some more and then this afternoon we'll make the 30 nautical mile Cruise South to the island of Cabrera hopefully the uh the swells calm down a bit from yesterday so beautiful no warm up or anything how we're straight into the uphills Riley for some reason offered to hang back with the kids me and the girls are going on a run there's the silent yacht and we're going this way a lot of hills in Majorca but you could not ask for better weather for a ride honestly I think we have some pretty Rough Waters ahead of us today so I'm just trying to enjoy my nice steel non-rocky time on land I wish I could just take this smell right now and just push it through the screen to you because these trees smell amazing also it's really interesting because from the water it looks like nothing's up here but there's actually a bunch of little neighborhoods and houses up here I'm not a runner no I am a runner I'm just working on being a better even even with this view no this is why why this is why I came I love the idea of it but my body hates it okay the weather is looking good to go to the island today we have about an hour until we leave nades on flight board I'm making everybody's smoothies the captain is baking bread could this day get any better oh Frozen ice cold smoothies sound good it was so much harder this morning did you say smoothie oh you're the best this is the life huh that's what I said if I had it my way 100 it'd be a tad but all right and we are off on the longest cruise that we have ever done on the silent it should take five to six hours to get to the island of Cabrera it's windier today so the water's a bit choppier than it was yesterday but the swell's not as big so there's not as much lurching up and down like there was yesterday so I'm hoping that I'm not green by the time that we get there she sets a glass container on the Slick countertop anything you see that was a good one maybe right now let's just cucumber in weird places apparently some things have shifted in the fridge Riley has ninja fast dad reflexes I watched him catch a bottle that was falling with one hand I need something out of the fridge right now but I know a pot is going to come flying out try to keep it slow oh it's up here it's up here you see it really down there to sacrifice your body like I get open I got back up yeah yeah that would have been a massive mess or you're taking it out what was in there if it would have fallen rice oh that would have been a disaster I know that would have been a normal morning with my kids was before the glass falls out well Lunch is ready the problem is we're still going to the island and everybody fell asleep so I've been standing in here for the last like hour making sure nothing would slide off the table and then I realized I could just sat on the ground and maybe I can take a nap too we'll just have lunch later maybe this can be dinner we have just arrived in a beautiful protected Anchorage off the island of Cabrera they're giant Cliffs that are protecting us from the open ocean there's a castle back there on the hill it doesn't get much more beautiful than this and the calmness that we're experiencing right now is so appreciated after the last four hours the little thing on the right hand side yeah I would be trying to hook that and then pull it up and we'll have a look at what's going on Lenny can you stand back did you say you'll drive away if I fall in stand back mate yeah stand back Nate has no idea what he's doing got him oh yeah all right how many men does it take to get a mooring ball so far three and a half counting money I'm just watching so I can't really say anything all right we've tied off to a mooring Bowie and it is finally time for lunch somebody come start this line people it has now been reheated three times worth the wait oh definitely definitely feel like everyone's always filming me yeah what's what's happening my shoes so we brought the dinghy down loaded the entire family into the boat drove over to shore with all intentions of hiking up the mountain to this Fortress and we get over there and I realize I got too used to living on a boat and I forgot I needed shoes so now Riley and I are heading back to get my shoes and then we'll try to catch up with everyone okay let's go okay now that I have shoes to climb the mountain we should be timing Sunset just about right we can hear either a bleeding goat or Darwin crying in the background we left them on the beach with Rachel with me this is cool I can't sing anything your stairs are so Steep and so tight wow that was an adventure this is amazing it must have been a guard Tower so this hole you can see the sunset and then over through this one the silent yacht s yesterday let me know if you think I'm turning into a grumpy old Captain he is if you want to see how we spend our time on the island of Cabrera and here Riley and Elena's detailed review of The Silent yacht be sure to head over to the sailing law Vagabond Channel and watch their video and while you're over there you should definitely subscribe to their Channel because not only are they awesome people that we feel lucky to call our friends but they also make the best sailing videos on the internet that can't Nate reported for Duty I still cannot get over the fact that the stars are so bright that you can see them in the camera apparently my coffee hadn't kicked in yet because I totally forgot to explain where we were going or why I was up before this activity today we're making the 80 nautical mile Crossing from Mallorca to Ibiza and we're estimating that it's going to take about 12 hours what a beautiful morning the ocean is so much calmer than it was two days ago which is going to make this Crossing so much more enjoyable it's about 7 A.M the sky is just starting to get its first bit of color and it is stunningly beautiful out here I really thought cruising at night might be a bit stressful but honestly it's been one of the most relaxing mornings of my entire life I'm not sure if you can hear it now but we turned the generator on so you can hear a slight hum but most of the morning we've just been cruising along with the electric engine so it's been completely silent and then you're just staring out into the darkness in a way I feel like it's as close as you can get to meditating without actually drying it was just the ultimate relaxation and I know care is enjoying her extra few hours of sleep in bed but I really feel like she's missed out this morning we've got a lot of great moments on this trip but this is definitely one of my favorites not only does Captain might drive the boat but he's also a baker he's been baking his fresh bread every day and this morning you make her socks since we're pretty much at Sea all day today I'm gonna get some chores done like our laundry I didn't show you in the tour but we do have a washer on board and it doubles as a dryer how cool is that it's just hiding look at this ball I believe it is in German washing Trucking bomb Wally the pledge looks let's see if I can figure out how to use it I feel like mix Washi means mix wash we'll see what happens in about an hour are you hungry so besides my little Mexican fiesta we had the other day we've pretty much been snacking for lunch but since we have all the time in the world today I'm whipping up my favorite pasta so my friend Gina who has been Italy taught me this recipe and it's very Italian because it's extremely simple all I've done so far is saute the mushrooms with garlic and salt and pepper then I cook the noodles and removed them from the heat a little early so they're all done okay so the secret to this pasta sauce is catching the pasta water look how creamy and starchy it is now I'm gonna put everything back in this pot and pretty much just add one more step just going to coat the bottom with a little of this impossible water add the pasta back to the pot dump the mushrooms and garlic on there don't leave any garlic behind more water now you pretty much just add some Parmesan and Stir It Up boom we just made Gourmet Pasta lunch is served wow thank you you're welcome I did not emphasize enough how big of a difference this calm beautiful water has made on this Crossing Ibiza is already on the horizon and this whole Crossing is going by way too fast we should be there in two or three hours but I'd be happy to do this until sunset also the water out here is the deepest most beautiful blue color I have ever seen we are in a thousand feet of water right can you tell which clothes are ours okay so sailor Riley has been on board the silent Yacht for the last five days so I wanted to get his thoughts on this versus sailing this is a big question so Elena and I have been sailing around the world for the last sort of 10 years and I've been humbled by the ocean on so many different occasions that I've been led to looking at the designer boats and from a safety and perform moments aspect so when I'm coming on board I'm wondering immediately I'm not seeing the rooms and the tables and the color schemes or anything I'm I'm just thinking how much does it weigh how fast can it go but also how's it going to handle in six meter ways or 30 foot seas and and all that sort of all those different things so that's immediately what my mind goes to when I'm on board but when I'm looking at a boat I'm thinking can it cross oceans and Kenneth sail around the world this wouldn't be the one that I would choose for that but I don't think that that's what they've built it for and what I think that they've built it for it's really really good at which would be going from Island to Ireland in the Mediterranean turning on the generator occasionally and then filling up with energy like plugging into power at various marinas that's what this boat does and it's brilliant at that the biggest Pro is it is massive inside and that's a comfort level and if you're thinking about living on board for three five seven years it cannot be overstating awesome that is especially if you've got kids so to me that's the biggest price biggest drawback and it's not a boat that I would feel super comfortable in in really challenging conditions and finally after 12 hours we made it to Ibiza first thing on the agenda dance party hey guys we really hope you enjoyed part one of our silent yacht series make sure you don't miss part two because we have a whole week left on board and we have some more very special guests joining us in Ibiza also if you're not signed up for our new daily travel newsletter you're missing out it's called The Daily drop all you have to do is sign up is scan this QR code and enter your email it's completely free you can read it from wherever you are in the world and we think it's the best you read the daily drop you'll become a better traveler you'll save money on your next trip and you'll start your day with a smile because there's always a little joke or meme in there we hope you love it as much as we do I know we're biased but it's really awesome okay thanks for watching hope you're having a great day bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @igcyberco [1 likes]: Boated video⛵️😅
  2. @TrashtoTreasureVietnam [1 likes]: very good
  3. @jimdadudelalala5622 [1 likes]: Bro Kara just said the front back side 😂
  4. @Rockgirl28: That look complicated
  5. @marcose.5723: Wonderful boat, beautiful scenary, depressing vegan food 😀
  6. @Liononmytoes: My wardrobe too. I'm trying so hard to buy something other than black these days.
  7. @islamicreminders996: You guys need to do and atlantic crossing on one of these.
  8. @chrisjohns4817: A navy man told me look at the horizon  and it will pass
  9. @vincent_v1094: I love SurfShark.
  10. @heather3938: Honestly I just discovered this channel and I love it so much. Please never stop exploring life!
  11. @AtlSuga: I love this for y'all! I'm doing more and more research about living on a boat. I'm pretty sure it's what I want.
  12. @tlc7779: I just love you two ❤! I could binge watch you every day ❤
  13. @yatchcruiseconect: visit Tanzania
  14. @wheelerhaus: This is beautifully shot and put together
  15. @jasoncrandall: Teslas aren’t solar powered.
  16. @chriseverett3001: my favorite you tubers together!!
  17. @WilliamFairfield-qq2tq: Surely sailing is the true definition of "silent cruising" no?
  18. @danielgoldberg2129: Some conventional hull boats have stabilizers and I was wondering if they would work on a catamaran? Seems like they would be really helpful on this boat!😊
  19. @BugsNails: man i think it would be so fun if you did something like this again!!
  20. @markco736: Women earns nothing, knows mothing but explains like knows everything.

- The Yacht Week Unfiltered: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] good afternoon ladies and gentlemen speaking hmm yes bye oh

  Top Comments:
  1. @rajatvaish6429: the yacht week is great. Someone put a lot of work in this video, its gorgeous. things like this deserve to get millions of views

- i lived on yacht for a week in tahiti & bora bora | yacht week vlog: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] i'm always striving for new adventures and experiences and i would say sailing on a yacht for a week throughout the french polynesian islands is definitely one of the coolest things i've ever done if you haven't heard of yahweh it's a floating festival i kind of think of it as adult summer camp literally the best way possible you get to sail for a week straight exploring the most beautiful parts of the world then you get to end each day dancing the night away with hundreds of like-minded travelers and new friends i certainly love immersing myself in nature and natural beauty i've also really grown an appetite for getting to go out with friends dance the night away meet new people especially after being cooped up for the last two years it's a mix of getting to see some of those beautiful parts of the world we'll also be going to some of the wildest parties around which i would say is the best of both worlds let's go check out anyway i don't know but i don't know oh my god don't worry but we will come back to you yes we're here with y'all we were so excited to say that it was such a journey today such a journey oh my gosh two flights long trips it's really just been waiting by the water and it's about to come and get us so we're about to go meet the rest of the yacht we crew and we'll give you more updates but i just i am in shock kind of show them a little bit we got a whole fleet look behind us yes there's so many our crew is absolutely divine they're so kind of cool are you making some new friends there's a skipper there's a host who's like taking care of them yes and there's also a couple of guys who created your possession we just had like a meal made for us which is great i've always said i'm like my love language is literally people cooking for you so we're gonna go for a little dip and then we're gonna go on jet skis later i'm just like this is crazy we're so so happy come along hey i'm nina i'm casey hey i'm nicole i'm jared keane nice to meet you i like long walks on the beach something just had the most epic jet ski if you all play a tarzan game when you're about eight years old let me know because this is this is absolutely the most beautiful place i've ever been i'm in shock damn this is crazy cheers if we need your colon to be removed or like we have our slovenian doctor performing surgery on the table oh my god true [Applause] our incredible host nicole made literally fresh homemade bagels hello hello we're on a nice four-hour sale to the next island we made some new friends last night which was so much fun everyone on our boat too is so great it's really fun because it's just me and ashley but i feel like we're already like homies with everybody on our boat it's so crazy to be sailing on a yacht yacht week is amazing like we took care of everything everything's all figured out we're being fed we went on jet skis yesterday and it was the most beautiful thing i've probably ever experienced me and ash on full speed ahead we were like 70 miles per hour out there that alone that's day one like i could have left yesterday but the happiest gown like it's only uphill from here we just made it into our second destination we're at but do you know what it's called as turquoise as you could ever imagine now we're going to a snorkel and we're gonna yes i had no idea that fish ate bananas until today a little movie instagram for a lot cooler video let's see what the girls are up to she's just bopping around keep hello so the wraps are doing is called like the wrapped tunnel like big line on both sides paralleling each other with like a tunnel in the middle and it's so fun because it's essentially supposed to become a big party it's like a floating house party yes it's like a bar hop but a yacht during the day we do really fun activities like snorkeling and jet skiing and just seeing like the beautiful culture in the french polynesian islands then at the end of the night you have like another party to look forward to which is like the perfect like it's the perfect mix well it's great just traveling like you know with a small group of friends it's fun because it feels like every night like oh we get to meet new people like you never know who you'll meet i think everyone's coming in with a mentality like they want to make new friends they're excited to be here and like it's really great to meet new people in this like season of life especially people who love to travel but also meeting people from all different walks of life who have such a variety of careers all over the world it's a it's a big lift to to plan any kind of trip especially with a group of friends so they could just take care of everything for them how nice that is yeah all right come along for dinner boat party we're gonna bop around some different boats bring you guys along 100 degrees fahrenheit today we're doing the wrap circle which i feel like yacht week is known for it's notorious they're able to circle all the yachts and they're just like a huge party as you can probably tell it's around in the middle didn't homemade pita bread can you believe it beautiful silhouette of bora bora right behind the camera which is just absolutely insane we're going to dock at the bora bora yacht club and we're having a really really fun party tonight which i'm excited about truly don't think i've been anywhere so beautiful before i feel like i'm living in a simulation and you know what simulations look pretty great right now hello good evening look at us with our similar shirts surprise eyeshadow oh my god the same shoulder shocking didn't see that one coming we had a lovely little sail we got our all-white look polynesian sheep yes going to dinner and then a big party which i'm very excited for what goes down i know we heard it just lit i think i'm ready let's go yes so this is crazy turquoise very nice it's so blue it's cloudy day you know how do you feel about swimming sharks excited nervous surreal like this he just took his mantras we've had quite the day of shooting content for yacht week and drove around this like epic jeep it was so much fun and now tonight is the polynesian chic party something like that south pacific pollination was last night all right tonight is the south pacific party cheers baby cheers we have our cutie little fists yes tonight is south pacific so most people will be in floral tropical prince not eye not me healing tropicals she's somewhat troubling yeah not tropical but like but colorful beautiful we're gonna go with all of our new best friends we're the knights that's what they're crew but we love them and we're all now best friends it's our last full day which i am devastated to say uh me and ashley decide we're moving here we're gonna find a way to work with yacht week forever we had so much fun at the south pacific party last night i got bloody mary's which is a really iconic spot in bora bora lots of celebrities have gone there and it's well known so it was really fun to see that like there's so many fun people the floor is sand like the tv is really great dinner table the dj was incredible like everybody just feels so so much fun it's so clear that everyone here like really needs a break from normal life the night ends and you end up you know you're under the stars you're on the water you're seeing the silhouettes of the bora bora like cliff faces and mountains off of the distance so it's just so like i have a nice long sail in front of us thanks for apart from always

  Top Comments:
  1. @melody91778 [2 likes]: Living your best life! Congrats and enjoy!
  2. @margaretoffere7384 [1 likes]: Pretty cool
  3. @bennyfrankly2359 [1 likes]: Beautiful pictures
  4. @aishahabidemi9282 [1 likes]: 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
  5. @immalaker [1 likes]: Enjoy your youth.
  6. @ekureedafedaniel2622 [1 likes]: Lovely
  7. @genzvideos [1 likes]: Good living
  8. @tanaytejus5726 [1 likes]: 😍absolute dream trip
  9. @thequeens7814 [1 likes]: Loving your videos😍💯🙌🏾
  10. @katielouiseYT [1 likes]: This video is a masterpiece!!
  11. @dd-cu6rb: Hello, I wanted to ask for permission to use your YouTube video about Yacht material screen for our program, Where Is My Home, which is an entertainment program from the Korean broadcasting station MBC, next Thursday (MAY 01). 

The video will be used as a reference for viewers when celebrities who appear on our program talk about Yacht material screen. If it is possible to use your video, we will make sure to credit your video when it appears on the program.

It should be formatted as shown below.
ex. <Source : YouTube Elena Taber>
In Korean, the credit will be indicated like this <출처 : 유튜브 Elena Taber>. 

If it is possible to use your video, please let me know with how you would like to be credited. 

Thank you in advance.
  12. @ShamimJahuri: Sweet elena...hearty welcome.shamim zahuri from bangladesh🇧🇩💙👫👏🤝👨‍👩‍👧‍👧
  13. @luizmsilvei: Sensacional!!
  14. @bennyfrankly2359: Wow lovely one dear
  15. @Dliz_empire: Wow, your editing is top notch
  16. @ekureedafedaniel2622: The life I want
  17. @genzvideos: Travelling IS good
  18. @sarahfrankel: So cool and beautiful. Lol if only I could afford $1600
  19. @rainbowcolours9398: Wow how tall are you Elena?
  20. @mitra_zareee8181: I love you

- Drugs, Sex and Death on Billionaires’ Mega Yachts | Informer: Kind: captions Language: en So I’m a deckhand on a super yacht. I basically get paid to travel around the world working for billionaires. From the Instagram and Snapchat stories, everyone seems to think that you've got the coolest job in the world. The reality of it is that you are clearing up rooms that have just had sex parties, orgies, prostitutes. Coke residue on the tables the next day. Veal or livestock so fresh that it actually gets flown in on a helicopter, slaughtered on board, and served to the guests as fresh as can be. Unfortunately, it can sometimes get a bit seedy, a bit creepy with drunk people who think they can do whatever they want. These owners, these millionaires, these billionaires, they’re incredibly powerful people, and a lot of the time, they get their own way. Drug smuggling can go on in the industry. If people wanted to be moving drugs and illicit substances, I reckon it’d be pretty easy to do. It’s an incredibly secretive world which no one really knows much about. The guests just use super yachts as their little playground. They live in this little bubble where they think anything goes, anything can happen. [Informer] [Super Yacht Deckhand] These yachts are always pretty mad, particularly the larger ones. They will pretty much always contain a pool or some sort of hot tub, equipped with a gym. Some of them have cinemas. Some of them have their own spas, helidecks, and will store a helicopter on board. The cost of these yachts can exceed anywhere about half a billion pounds. I think some of the most expensive chartered yachts on the market at the moment can actually cost four million a week. You do always secretly know that the people you’re working for haven’t always done the best things in their lives. I’ve received job offers for the owner of a boat who is one of the most notoriously corrupt people on the planet. And during the job interview, the chief officer actually asked me am I morally OK with who this person is and what he’s done. And you kind of just have to ask yourself, “Am I OK with this?” The expectations of the guests are pretty much whatever they ask for, we can deliver to them. As the day tends to go on and the more alcohol that gets consumed, their expectations go up and our ability to deliver goes down. Sexual harassment definitely does go on in the industry. You do hear quite a few stories which make the hairs on the back of your neck stand up. There is a sexual element to the job, 100 percent. It’s a very superficial industry that a lot of boats will only hire on the way you look and what waist size you are or what dress size you are, et cetera. I think they can forget that you’re here for work, you’re not here to be violated in any way. The victims of these cases are paid off. They’re told to keep their mouths shut in order for their bonuses or perks. It gives the people this right to think that they can get away with anything. There have been a few serious incidents in super yachting that have gone wrong and actually led to fatalities. One of the most famous ones in the industry was actually an anchor chain coming loose. The chain span around in what’s called the mooring bay, which is the forward section of the boat called the bow. and actually took the leg off one of the officers, and unfortunately, he bled to death and died. Basically, you’ve just got to stay really switched on at all times, which can be a big part of the reason why working in the industry can make you so tired and run down. I did a pretty long stint working on a charter boat. It was nearly 130 days of season, back-to-back charters, and within that time, we only had one day off. At the end of that, when I actually left that boat, I felt like I was ready to leave the industry because it was just killing me, essentially. You can burn out really quickly. And you can look at guys who are, you know, they’ve been in yachting for ten years or so, and they look pretty weathered. Their skin’s destroyed by the sun. The lack of sleep has just f***ed them over. And it can really have quite a physical effect on your body, and it's pretty visible. The reason that we’re so busy is because obviously we only have a certain number of crew cabins on board. You’re always in a cabin for two, if not four on some bigger boats, and if not six on some super large ones. Cabin fever is definitely, definitely a real thing. You can feel cooped up like a caged animal sometimes, and personal space becomes a serious issue. Working in yachting definitely teaches you a lot of mental fortitude. You know, you work very long hours with little rest, and that teaches you how to be resilient and just kind of push on, push on through. Obviously, there are some negative effects on your mental health. I don’t really understand the mindset of a billionaire, but when a lot of money is involved, it changes people, and I think it always brings out the worst in a lot of people’s personalities.

  Top Comments:
  1. @VICE [547 likes]: Watch more from this series: https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLDbSvEZka6GEojWq0xz2klOVp2r9iT4G5
  2. @BrightStar-p6x [4 likes]: He kept out the crime part. The rape, torture and cannibalism, including of children. One of the male victims in the Epstein files reported having been raped by George Bush Sr. and Bill Clinton on a yacht, when he was about 11. Yes, they are ALL monsters and political parties are just for show.
  3. @sepsam4556 [2 likes]: It really does seem like the rich and powerful never had to do any soulsearching or selfreflection in their life. Because they have always had money to fix every issue for them.This leads them down this road of boundless immoral hedonism.. Not a life to be envious of.
  4. @Unalive-Aizz [1 likes]: I remember some argentinian celebrity graddaughter dying on a boat crash. After what this pilot/captain said and having in account all the human trafficking going on, evry news just got darker and darker....
  5. @franktrevinoDUH [1 likes]: 2026
  6. @crayolascents [1 likes]: Meanwhile in working world : Chicken nugget lunch canceled.
  7. @fiofiofioletta1898 [1 likes]: I've never liked rich people and now I constantly feel vindicated. You know--in a horrible way.
  8. @SiddharthSinghFiery: 1:39 Why are you so bothered with what they have done or do ? The reality is deep down that's what humans want to do. With money comes power. With power, comes freedom. There is no greater pleasure than freedom.
  9. @MonicaC143-_-: Andrew Tate is that you?😂😂😂😂we know it!!!
  10. @helloitsme9808: He was paid extremely well, I'm sure.
  11. @thesaffire1223: More money brings more evil in a person than poverty can ever can🫥
  12. @bobbydigital8056: Predators and parasites.
  13. @Plan.Cülinary.Expréss: There's also drugs, sex and death in trailer parks as well.
  14. @LaPtaVerdad: You would be surprised the amount of @$$ you can get being weird and funny
  15. @petef15: Why does he refer to it as 'the industry' - you're not fucking making anything mate.
  16. @ninastevanovic6808: Megan Markel was a yacht girl.
  17. @danielharte9177: Man great content needs to be more like this
  18. @danielharte9177: Man great content needs to be more like this
  19. @louisbernard9161: Take a pill. Any job is hard, HARD. Spend nothing, invest, go away asap from the rat race. All the interview could be the same from anyone having any job. Sorry, harsh, just reality.
  20. @Donvergondelranchoperez: Love it ❤

- Inside The Onassis Family's Old Money Mansions | Inside Skorpios: Onassis Family's Private World: Kind: captions Language: en When people hear the name Onassis, [music] they often imagine glittering yachts, glamorous parties, and the kind of [music] wealth that could buy entire islands. But behind the fortune, behind the dazzling headlines, and the whispers of high society, lies a story told not only through the people, but also through the homes they built, bought, and loved. These homes weren't just places to sleep or escape. They were symbols, reflections of taste, ambition, [music] heartbreak, and legacy. From the shining waters of the Ionian Sea to [music] the heart of Manhattan, the Onassis family mansions tell a story of old money, [music] luxury, personal triumphs, and private sorrow. So, let's step inside the world [music] of Aristotle Onassis and Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis, and explore how their mansions became monuments [music] to love, loss, and legacy. The world of Aristotle [music] Onassis. To understand the mansions, we have to understand the man who built the empire behind them, Aristotle Socrates Onassis. [music] Born in 1906 in Smyrna, modern-day Izmir, Turkey, Aristotle came from humble beginnings. His father, [music] Socrates Onassis, was a prosperous shipping trader. But when the Greco-Turkish War broke out, everything changed. The Onassis family lost nearly all they owned. As refugees, they fled to Greece, leaving behind their home, their wealth, and their old life. But Aristotle, even as a young [music] man, wasn't someone who gave up. He left for Argentina in his early 20s, working [music] odd jobs before he found his way into the world of shipping and trade. By the 1940s, he had turned himself into one of the richest and most powerful [music] men in the world. He didn't just want money, he wanted status. And for [music] Aristotle Onassis, real status came from how you lived, the properties you owned, the parties you threw, and the people you entertained. Jackie's second chapter. When Jacqueline Kennedy, the widowed first [music] lady of the United States, married Aristotle Onassis in 1968, the world gasped. To some, she was running from tragedy. To others, she was stepping into a new life of unmatched wealth and privacy. But to Jackie, it was both. The assassination of President John F. Kennedy had left her heartbroken and haunted by constant media attention. With Aristotle, she saw a way to protect her children, Caroline and John Jr., and reclaim a sense of peace. And Aristotle, ever the showman, found in Jackie the one thing even his billions couldn't buy, royalty by association. Their life together unfolded across an extraordinary backdrop of luxury, from London's Mayfair to the Greek Isles, from private yachts to quiet countryside retreats. Each place told a piece [music] of their story. 47 Grosvenor Square, London's elegant escape. Our first stop is at 47 Grosvenor Square, a stately address in London's exclusive Mayfair district, a neighborhood where wealth whispers, never [music] shouts. When Aristotle Onassis purchased the first-floor apartment, he transformed it into something extraordinary. The apartment stretched over 5,000 square feet with five bedrooms, three reception rooms, and a sprawling [music] library. Aristotle used this space not only as a residence, but also as a social hub. It became the London headquarters of the Onassis lifestyle, a meeting place for aristocrats, politicians, artists, and celebrities. When Jackie visited, 47 Grosvenor Square would come alive. The drawing rooms shimmered with crystal, the air perfumed by fresh flowers flown in from Paris. Guests included Lee Radziwill, Jackie's elegant sister, and members of the British upper class. The home's crown jewel was its 63-foot balcony, the only one in the entire Georgian block with such a commanding view. Inside, the design was tasteful [music] but never loud, a blend of Greek elegance and European refinement. After Aristotle Onassis's death in 1975, the apartment was later purchased by Edmond Safra, a famous Lebanese banker. Safra and his wife, Lily, continued the apartment's legacy of grandeur, hosting lavish balls reminiscent of the Onassis era. Today, 47 Grosvenor Square remains a symbol of London's high society. Jackie's New York sanctuary, 1045th Avenue. After the tragedy of President John F. Kennedy's assassination in 1963, Jacqueline Kennedy found herself living in a world that no longer felt safe. So, in 1964, Jackie Kennedy made one of the most important purchases of her life, a 15-room apartment on the 15th [music] floor of 1045th Avenue, overlooking Central Park in Manhattan. The building at 1045th Avenue was legendary. Designed by Rosario Candela in 1930, it was one of the finest examples of classic New York architecture. There were only 27 apartments in the entire building, each designed to feel like a mansion floating high above the city. The apartment itself was refined, [music] warm, and deeply personal. Jackie never chased extravagance. She preferred timeless beauty over opulence. Her living room, filled with soft colors and comfortable furniture, radiated calm. There were family photos, books stacked neatly on tables, [music] and delicate artworks. Much of the furniture had followed her from her White House days. When Jackie first moved in, she was still in deep mourning. The apartment offered her a place to grieve privately. [music] Inside, she surrounded herself with books, music, and art. She found solace in words and beauty. [music] In 1968, Jackie married Aristotle Onassis. During their marriage, she spent time in Greece aboard his yacht and on his private island. But no matter where she traveled, 1045th Avenue was her true home. When Aristotle died in 1975, Jackie began a new chapter, Jackie the editor. She became a book editor at Viking Press and later Doubleday. Colleagues described her as dedicated and meticulous, editing manuscripts [music] late into the night from her apartment. When Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis passed away in 1994, crowds gathered outside the building, leaving flowers and notes. In 1995, the apartment was sold to billionaire David Koch for $9.5 million. But for those who remember Jackie, the building remains more than real estate. It's a symbol of grace under pressure and quiet resilience. Scorpios Island, the billionaire's private paradise. If there was ever a place that captured the myth and mystery of Aristotle Onassis, it was Scorpios Island. Set in the glittering Ionian Sea, this lush private paradise became one of the [music] most famous symbols of wealth and romance the world has ever seen. When Aristotle Onassis first set eyes on it in 1963, Scorpios was a barren piece of land. Where others saw wilderness, Onassis saw potential. He envisioned not just a retreat, but a kingdom. That year, he bought the island for about $114,000 in today's money. He poured millions into transforming it. Ships arrived carrying hundreds of trees, tons of soil, and sand to create golden beaches. Soon, Scorpios bloomed into a tropical paradise with three villas, a helipad, a private marina, and luxurious guesthouses. At the heart of this paradise stood the Pink House, painted in soft rose tones. It was built for Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis after their marriage in 1968. For Jackie, this island was a world away from the chaos of New York. Here, she could finally breathe. But even paradise wasn't safe from the world's curiosity. In 1971, paparazzi photographed her son bathing nude on the beaches, a deeply humiliating invasion of privacy. In October [music] 1968, Scorpios made history when Jackie Kennedy married Aristotle Onassis [music] in a small ceremony on the island. Only about 40 guests were invited. The ceremony took place at the island's tiny Greek Orthodox chapel, decorated with white lilies and candles. In the years that followed, Scorpios became the most exclusive destination in the world. Winston Churchill, Maria Callas, Frank Sinatra, Grace Kelly, and countless European aristocrats all walked its shores. But tragedy struck when Aristotle's beloved son, Alexander, died in a plane crash in 1973. The loss shattered him. When he died in 1975, he was buried on the island next to his son. Later, his daughter, Christina, would also be laid to rest there. What began as a dream of paradise had become a private cemetery. After Aristotle's death, Scorpios eventually passed to his granddaughter, Athina Onassis Roussel. [music] In 2013, she sold it to Russian billionaire Dmitri Rybolovlev for $153 million. Rybolovlev announced [music] plans to transform the island into a luxury eco-resort, investing [music] over $200 million. But no matter how much Scorpios changes, the spirit of Aristotle and Jackie Onassis will always linger in the breeze. The chapel where they married still stands, overlooking the same endless sea. The Christina O, the floating mansion. If Scorpios Island was Aristotle Onassis's kingdom, then the Christina O was his crown. It wasn't just a yacht, it was a floating palace, a symbol of triumph built from the ashes of war. During World War II, the ship was known as HMCS Stormont, a Canadian anti-submarine frigate. In 1948, Onassis bought the tired gray ship for [music] only $34,000. To everyone's surprise, he didn't scrap it, he transformed it. Over the next 3 years, Onassis poured $4 million into refitting the frigate. When the ship reemerged in 1954, it was unrecognizable. Gone were the guns and steel decks. In their place stood marble staircases, hand-woven carpets, and grand salons glowing with chandeliers. Onassis renamed her Christina, after his beloved daughter. The Christina O was no ordinary yacht. >> [music] >> At 325 ft long, it could host more than 30 guests in 18 luxurious cabins. What truly made it legendary were the details. A mosaic-tiled pool that [music] could transform into a dance floor, a bar carved from the timbers of a sunken Spanish galleon, and a fireplace of lapis lazuli. In the 1950s and '60s, to be invited aboard was the ultimate honor. Winston Churchill, John F. Kennedy, Marilyn Monroe, Maria Callas, and Frank Sinatra all stepped onto her decks. Before Jackie Kennedy, Aristotle Onassis had a long relationship with opera diva Maria Callas. Their love story unfolded largely on the Christina O. But when Onassis met Jackie Kennedy, the dynamic changed. After Onassis died in 1975, the yacht fell into neglect. But in 1998, Greek shipping magnate John Paul Papanicolaou bought it and began a massive $50 million restoration that took 3 years. Today, the Christina O still sails and is available for private charters. Each time it glides into a harbor, people still stop [music] and stare. It is a living memory of an era when luxury had a soul. The final sanctuaries. By the mid-1970s, Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis longed for something simpler, peace. She found it not in palaces, but in quiet landscapes. In 1974, Jackie purchased a small estate in Peapack Gladstone, New Jersey. The property, once a barn, sat on nearly 10 acres surrounded by fields [music] and woods. Jackie had loved horses since she was a little girl. Locals would sometimes [music] catch glimpses of her trotting quietly along the bridal paths. To them, she was simply Jackie, another neighbor who loved horses. If Peapack Gladstone was Jackie's place of peace, then Red Gate Farm on Martha's Vineyard was her dream come true. Purchased in 1979, it sat on 340 [music] acres of pristine coastal land stretching for a full mile along the Atlantic Ocean. She hired architect Hugh Newell Jacobsen to build a new house. By 1981, the transformation was complete. The main house was designed in the Cape Cod style, whitewashed, gabled, and timeless. Landscape designer Rachel Bunny Mellon crafted the surrounding grounds into a natural haven. At Red Gate Farm, Jackie was finally free. She swam in the ocean, rode her bicycle, and hosted family picnics. Her children explored the beaches and meadows. Jackie once said, "Red Gate Farm was the one place where I can breathe." In 2019, Caroline Kennedy put Red Gate Farm on the market for $65 million, described as a rare and remarkable piece of American history. The legacy of grace. From the White House to the shores of Scorpios, from London salons to quiet meadows, the story of Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis and Aristotle Onassis is one of transformation. Their homes tell this story better than any biography. The London apartment, where elegance met influence. The New York penthouse, a refuge from grief. The Scorpios estate, a dream of freedom. The Christina O, a symbol of triumph. The farms, where Jackie found serenity. In the end, what remains isn't marble or chandeliers. It's the feeling that behind the headlines was a woman who sought beauty and a man who sought immortality. Aristotle Onassis built monuments to wealth. Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis built sanctuaries for the soul. And though both are gone, their homes still stand, quiet, radiant, and eternal, as witnesses to the idea that true legacy is not measured in fortune, but in the grace with which we live >> and the peace we leave behind. Thanks for watching. Don't forget to like, share, and subscribe to this channel. See you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @HistoryOfWealthChannel [2 likes]: Which of these royal properties of the Onassis family do you find most attractive? The luxurious yacht 'Christina O' or the private island 'Skorpios' in Greece? Share your thoughts below! 👇
  2. @SEO.Expert.Saiful [2 likes]: The Pink House on Scorpios is the definition of 'Old Money' elegance. 🌸 Great storytelling!

- New York City's Elite "Old Money" Neighbourhoods | Old Money Lovers: Kind: captions Language: en-US Ah, New York! The city that never sleeps. Its bustling streets, adorned with bright yellow cabs, 'I love New York' stickers, and a ceaseless sea of faces, offer a captivating spectacle. But beneath this vibrant exterior lies a world of opulence. Picture it: towering skyscrapers, a playground for financial giants; neighborhoods steeped in old-money prestige, and landmarks that pay homage to history's elite. And let's not forget the iconic Frank Sinatra, serenading these streets with 'New York, New York.' Before this city's bustling vibrancy, it was a sanctuary for America's powerful families, and their legacy lives on in its exclusive addresses. In this video, we explore New York City's wealthiest neighborhoods. Stay till the end for a glimpse of the illustrious 'Billionaire's Row.' So, grab your favorite drink as we dive into the lap of luxury in a city you thought you knew so well. The Upper East Side in Manhattan is one of the most affluent parts of New York. It extends from East 60th Street to 95th and spans from East River to Fifth Avenue. Known for its luxurious residential options, apartments built with neo-gothic architectural design, and objectively posh lifestyle, this part of the city is known as a playground for the wealthy and famous. The city first became a magnet to the elites when, in the late 1800s, American steel titan Andrew Carnegie built a mansion on 91st Street, thus transforming the entire neighbourhood. In no time, several other old-money families built their dream mansions on this side of town, further adding to its desirability. Manhattan's Upper East Side was home to several prestigious families in the Gilded Age, including the Astors, Vanderbilts, Rockefellers, and Roosevelts. This area boasted architectural masterpieces like the Astor Mansion, owned by Mrs. Astor. This mansion was where she hosted the annual ball of the 400 Society of Manhattan in the 1800s. Other historic homes in this neighbourhood were the Vanderbilt triple palace, the petite chateau built for William K. Vanderbilt and his wife, Alva, and several others. Unfortunately, all of these houses have been demolished under the guise of civilization and development; however, the city still holds its charm, and thus, the lush amenities and posh neighbourhood of the Upper East Side still attract influential people in society. No wonder the kings and queens of society and pop culture choose to call this place home. These include the Kennedys and Rockefellers and several celebrities who do not necessarily belong to this sect. Up next is Forest Hills Gardens, an affluent community built within the borough of Queens. This neighbourhood's suburban quality attracted several old-money families: Families prefer the suburbs, which are free from the hassle of many developed cities. This iconic neighbourhood is where the Super Bowl was held for several years and where the movie "Fame" was filmed, so you can imagine it is quite familiar among the affluent and influential members of society. Forest Hills is also known for having streets lined with trees, expansive parks, incredible architecture, and houses built in a peculiar style known as Forest Hills Bungalow. It was developed in the early 1900s in the manner of England's Garden villages, and as such, this exotic neighbourhood was home to the old-money elites of Queens; however, with the change in times, most of these families relocated elsewhere. But despite that, Forest Hills remains the most upscale neighbourhood in Queens. Only the wealthiest families in Queens can afford to live in such a private residential area and enjoy its fairytale setting and the many other amenities it offers. Next on this list is Riverdale, the most exclusive residential area in the Bronx, which makes it sought after by the wealthiest members of society. This area was developed on a 100-acre parcel located by the Hudson River in the Northwest section of the Bronx and was owned by a well-off businessman, William Ackerman. He envisioned transforming this bare piece of land with a great view of the Hudson River into a fancy yet humble community that fellow wealthy folks would inhabit. And thus, the work began. This vast expanse of land was initially divided into seven estates, and the construction continued for years. By the end of that decade, Riverdale's homely and medieval setting made it a great summer destination for several upscale families. This private community features hundreds of cottage-style residents, each accentuated with green trees and a serene environment that looks unreal. Being one of the most elevated points in the entire city, Riverdale offers panoramic views of the George Washington Bridge, the New Jersey Palisades, and, of course, the beautiful Hudson River. Although affluent people inhabit the entire neighbourhood, you would find the wealthiest families in the upscale subsections of Hudson Hill in the Riverdale Estates. Another part of this neighbourhood imprinted on by old money folks is Fieldstone. This part of town is filled with brick and Tudor-style mansions, which once served as vacation houses for New York’s finest. Up next is Malba, a pristine suburban neighbourhood located off the East River, between College Point and the foot of the Whitestone Bridge. This upper-class community was founded in the early 1900s by the five founders of the Malba Land Company: Maycock, Alling, Lewis, Bishop and Avis. The name "Malba" was derived from the first letters of their last names; however, this is far from what makes this community one of the most sought-after in Queens. Despite being one of the wealthiest neighbourhoods, it contains a wide range of accommodation options, ranging from normal-sized family houses to multi-million-dollar mansions, all presenting different architectural designs. The streets are well-decorated with trees, which add to the ambience of the whole community, as well as the perfectly groomed lawns by the sidewalks. While Malba is a permanent residence to many, most old-money folks with property in the area use them as vacation houses — a place to unwind and escape the craziness of the ever-bustling New York City. The following neighbourhood on the list is Todt Hill, one of the many hills located in Staten Island. What sets Todt Hill apart from the others is that it is the highest point on the Eastern seaboard, sitting at a sprawling 401 feet above sea level, and the luxurious houses and mansions built on the top of this hill. One can get splendid views of Staten Island, New York Harbor, and some parts of New Jersey. Besides the top-notch views, Todt Hill offers what many sophisticated families are after privacy, serenity, and seclusion. This mind-blowing community comes with a long list of perks, including its country club, and unlike most of the other neighbourhoods we've seen, Todt Hill is strictly residential. It is open to some of the public, but only a certain calibre of people is fit to live in this neighbourhood. For example, Todt Hill has no public transportation, so residents can only transport themselves through private vehicles. Also, there are few sidewalk markets or business startups where the less affluent can earn minimum wage. Furthermore, many of the buildings in this neighbourhood are Vanderbilt-sized and Tudor-style mansions, which have been passed down through generations. A good look at this neighbourhood would tell you one thing, and one thing alone: only the wealthy are cut out for life in Todt Hill. Back to the heart of the Big Apple, we have Gramercy, a fancy neighbourhood in Manhattan and the small private park it surrounds. This historic community is tucked between East 14th and 23rd Streets, Park Avenue and First Avenue. Gramercy Park is the only private park in Manhattan and one of the three in New York City. And just like the others, it is closed to the public, as only the residents of Gramercy are allowed in it. That is because these elite residents pay an annual fee, which grants them the key to the park and access to all its amenities. This has been the norm since the park's inception in 1844, meaning it was most likely visited by top-tier old-money families such as the Astors, Vanderbilts, and Clarks, who lived on Fifth Avenue, not far from Gramercy. This neighbourhood, which feels like a tightly knit community, features tree-lined streets bordered by brownstones or townhomes. Its five-star hotels and restaurants make it a popular destination for fancy brunches and dinners. Of course, living in an environment with fancy perks such as these comes with a considerable price tag. Finally, let us discuss the affluence of the famous Central Park South in Manhattan. This luxurious neighbourhood runs from the West Side Highway on the West Side to York Avenue and Sutton Place on the East Side of Manhattan. It is even more costly because its borders are flanked by two impressive entrances — Columbus Circle and the Maine Monument on the west side and Grand Army Plaza and the Pulitzer Fountain on the east. Not a lot of neighbourhoods in the country make such a hold statement. Speaking of bold statements, Central Park South is also part of Billionaires’ Row, a group of super-luxurious residential skyscrapers and surrounding areas. From the name alone, it is pretty evident that it contains some of the most expensive residences in the world. A good example is hedge fund manager Kenneth C. Griffin’s residence at 220 Central Park South, worth a sprawling $238 million. This magnificent home is just one of many expensive homes in the area, many of which are owned by the old-money families of New York. And there you have it – seven of the wealthiest old-money neighbourhoods in New York. Which of these stuck out to you? And which ones did I miss in this video? Let me know your thoughts in the comment section. Also, don't forget to hit the "like" button and subscribe to the channel for more videos. Thank you for watching, and I'll see you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @OldMoneyLovers [2 likes]: COMMENT: Which of these opulent 'Old Money' neighborhoods in New York City is your favourite? Comment below, and let us know what other content would you like us to cover.
  2. @BionicWoman1975 [1 likes]: Upper East Side has always been my favorite neighborhood.💖
  3. @sammalone4988 [1 likes]: The Super Bowl was held for several years in Forest Hills Gardens Queens?
  4. @samanthab1923: Riverdale ❤
  5. @actuallyAlison7: It’s crazy they tore them homes down what a shame

- What I Saw as a Fake Billionaire | Fakes, Frauds and Scammers: Kind: captions Language: en-US As a real estate agent, you never really know who you’re dealing with. She could have been an actual billionaire. She could have been a scam artist, and I would never know the difference. This project is kind of like a Robin Hood project. I pretended to be a billionaire so I can get into the most exclusive apartments in New York. We're not just selling a building. The reason why people are living here is because of the lifestyle that we’re offering. Eighty-five million. Ten million. Sixteen million. These people are the 1 percent of the 1 percent. I think it’s really obscene that these buildings exist. Your maid would be getting ready with dinner while you’re just having one of the finest champagnes in a soaking tub with your husband. Imagine waking up every morning to these views. Gabriella... I really see you living here. [FAKE BILLIONAIRE] The cheapest property I’ve been to was 10 million, and the most expensive was 85 million. They manipulate the cities to the disadvantage of everyone else in the cities. My name is Andi Schmied, and in 2016, I spent three months in New York at an artist residency program. Basically, this whole idea started with the biggest cliché that I went up to the Empire State Building, and I saw the views. And I basically realized that there are lots of buildings that are as tall or even taller than the Empire State Building. And I just basically was really curious about what the view from those buildings looked like. That’s when I started to work on my book and my project. I chose 25 buildings, high, which were luxury towers. Ninety-three stories above the city, this is what $81 million gets you: a full penthouse, 8,400 square feet with floor to ceiling views of a metropolis. My goal was really to show those views that are considered to be the best views you can privately own in New York. First, I really just wanted to photograph the views for the book. As I was going deeper and deeper in this world, it became more and more obvious that it’s something totally bizarre and crazy. I was laying in bed, and really I was just thinking, “How could I get in those buildings?” I remember I talked about the project to the curator who was working at the residency, and she told me, “No way they would ever let you in without a credit check. The only way for that is to pretend to be a billionaire who is searching for an apartment.” From the moment that I started to work on the project, this was pretty much the only thing I could think about: write it down, check the address, go home, check if there’s any real estate available, call the agency, and usually, next day, go and see it and take a picture of the view. And so really, for three months, I was living in between this Gabriella, which was my billionaire persona, and myself, back and forth on the A line from Brooklyn to Manhattan. My name is Daniel Rosenstein. I've worked in real estate for four years. I met Andi two years ago when she was infiltrating New York’s most exclusive properties. I was doing Airbnb in my apartment in the Upper West Side. And first, I remember that he asked me, “What are you doing in New York?” And then he said he’s a real estate agent. I was actually a bit hesitant to tell him what I came here for. She told me that she was making a book. So I think at first, I was like, “Oh, is she mocking our profession? I’m just a pawn in your project here.” And then the more she was talking about it, the more I saw her point of view, which is almost nobody has access to these apartments. You have to go through a doorman. You have to reach out to a real estate agent. It’s not a normal real estate market, where you can show up to an open house. She asked a few questions, I think how to navigate getting into buildings. I told her to use the term, “We’re looking for a pied-à-terre or second home in the city.” A lot of really wealthy people look for second, third, fourth, fifth homes, and she at that point had essentially created her whole persona. Gabriella is my actual middle name because, at the beginning, I didn’t know if they would check my passport ever. And actually, at some of the properties, they did check it. And I remember, back then, I got really obsessed by many of these small details— that I need to do my nails, and I need to have proper shoes, proper bag. In order to do this project, I needed to bring my camera and photograph the view. This made me obviously very unusual in the eyes of the agents. But I also realized that the stranger I act, the more convincing it is that I’m actually a billionaire, and I just don’t give a shit. I was really, really nervous at this very first viewing. The agent started to ask me if I have a chef, if I have a nanny, if we have a private chauffeur. So I just randomly answered yes and no. And all of these answers kind of became part of what Gabriella was. Tell your husband every morning that this is really where you want to be. There are a few different types of agents. There are the ones who are very natural and just showing you, here is the kitchen, here is the bathroom, this is the price. And there is the complete other end of the spectrum. You will feel, Gabriella, it is like going on a journey from the sidewalks of 19th-century, old New York to the sidewalks of Florence. I actually might just prefer the 21st century-- Imagine your daughter running around saying words in Hungarian. It was really hard to keep a straight face in those viewings. I mean, it was really bizarre what they were telling me. Sit down, Gabriella. It really is a moment for you. Just tell your husband. He loves you, and he wants you to be happy. I’m sure he will not say no to you if you let him know this is really your first choice. Because this ultra-luxury segment of the real estate is actually now not really going that well, the newer the development, the crazier the amenities they have because there’s really this huge competition. One of the things that became an absolute standard for these buildings is the golf simulator room, Michelin-starred private restaurant in the building, theater, swimming pool, obviously. Equinox gym. They have a children’s playroom, a billiards room, a conference room, and everything in between. In one of the penthouses, it was that they would give you a yacht as a present when you buy the apartment. A yacht. So you mentioned the number of people who are actually living in poverty, according to the federal poverty numbers. But we all know, living in New York, it’s a whole different ballgame. The average rent across the city has returned to nearly pre-pandemic levels. We built fewer homes in the 2010s than in any decade going back to the 1960s. I think the way poverty is usually portrayed is from the bottom. So, talk about homelessness, or you talk about people who cannot afford housing. I think when you see it from this very top of the sphere, it somehow is also very telling. The buildings that you can see from every single corner of the city are these ultra-luxury real estate, which are not accessible for anyone, really. Apartments and buildings are standing 60 to 70 percent empty. Commercial and residential wonderland featuring some of the city’s tallest buildings and most expensive restaurants and condos. If you are looking to call Steinway Tower home, studios start at $7.7 million. Listen, not to be not sympathetic to the homeless, but if you live in One57, you’re paying millions of dollars to live there. Do you want a homeless shelter in your building? I don’t think so. We are not building enough housing for everybody who needs a place to live. Here’s what it’s like living in the smallest apartment in New York. Wherever your expectations are, lower them. So these buildings are kind of really soulless, in a sense. They are super standardized. The trends that I see in these properties are a lot of the same finishes and materials used. Some of the floor plans are the exact same. I think it’s a really challenging task to create something different when you’re working with essentially the same floor plan, which is a tall square or a rectangle in the sky. Oh, wow. Who was the interior designer? Deborah Berke. There is no one better in design at the moment. So you have always some very special type of marble in the apartment that the agents would always highlight. The marble is Siberian, which is now the best on the market. Then you would have the oak floor, which is always the best type of oak floor. And there’s really nothing that would make any of these buildings stand out, to be honest. But it’s not really surprising when you realize that it’s solely a form of investment, most of the cases. So it’s really not about living, and it’s not about having a soul. And it shows. It’s really obvious when you are there. One of the most striking things was how agents are trying to always go out of their way to tell me that no one else lives in this building, that I'm not going to have any neighbors. A lot of these Billionaires’ Row towers are investments for overseas and local people, so they’ll rent them out or they’ll just own them, have them sit empty for a number of years and resell them. It’s a safe investment. It holds value over time. But what that translates to is buildings sitting empty. There’s a trickle-down effect, so once the hyper-expensive properties become even more expensive, it raises the value of everything else beneath it. I get very often the comment that this project is kind of like a Robin Hood project, in the sense that I’m getting the views which other people or most people cannot see to the public. And it’s like being so high up, it’s cool. But then it didn’t feel good to be there, in a way. One of the very big problems of these buildings, they are casting sometimes hundreds and hundreds of meters of shadows, for example, over Central Park or over other people’s up until then sunny living rooms, or just over the streets. And so, somehow, these buildings that are not even lived in are taking away such natural things from the rest of the city as sunlight. There’s a lot of money in New York. And I think there will always continue to be a lot of money in New York. I do think it’s going to be more segregated. What I’ve learned from this project is really just how obscene differences are in society, I guess, and how this can translate into this very literal physical form in the city and how that is impacting everything around it.

  Top Comments:
  1. @VICE [548 likes]: ¿Quieres ver el video en español? Haz clic en el botón de configuración para cambiar la pista de audio.

Want to watch this in Spanish? Head over to the settings button to change the audio track.
  2. @Arkansas_MadeMan [2 likes]: Man you know how much money you have to be touching to buy an $85 Million penthouse?
  3. @danielj2653 [1 likes]: It's not nice to mock the sales guy talking these over the top sales pitches. He's just trying to survive, put food on the table. Leave him alone.
  4. @aleksandrmarkov5992 [1 likes]: Wow, you home really looks like a seven-star luxury hotel. 
That's not a complement.
  5. @briancase6180 [1 likes]: A new and bizarre guilded age. This too shall pass, but will it be a violent passing, or will people wake up and vote for politicians who will change this ridiculous way of living, being.
  6. @henricarrasco7398 [1 likes]: Ciudades con edificios muy altos o rascacielos es destrucción de la vida social es una explotación capitalista
  7. @lillaurap [1 likes]: The way Ronald Reagan started this whole billionaire problem we have in the United States should be studied. Like a course of it's own. So people can actually understand what has happened.
  8. @lillaurap [1 likes]: A yacht as a present? 😮
  9. @lala999lala: Despicable wasting these agent’s time invading these people’s homes uninvited. You don’t need to go in peoples homes to know there is inequality in the world. What a stupid “project”.
  10. @jjcress: They are vertical city buildings though. They aren’t taking up much space. Idk why this has to be mixed with homeless talk. You want homeless shelters how about you don’t waste billions on non citizens and build them!
  11. @Elleynds: Dont worry mandami is chasing out all of the billionaires from NYC. Ill try to remember to come back to this comment in 1 years That will mark approx 1.5 years of mayor Mandami. If his next year is anywhere as destructive as his first 5 months have been, NYC will be turned into the middle east...oh and extremely communist. Its awful to say, but NyC is giving the rest of the world a fast track course on how to destroy one of the richest cities in the WORLD. and by this time next year, it will likely look more like Michigan looks today. May god be with us all.
  12. @danielmoore3634: Ill take a ranch with no neighbors
  13. @do_not_trust_bjc: https://youtu.be/Tw4rScumaz0?si=DxK7jnZTPQ3t9oZp
  14. @mywitsend25: Looks like a concrete jungle to me!
  15. @Cleanliness42: It's because I'm literally at the top and peasants are at the bottom 😊
  16. @amarug: I guess I can speak of all of us of the 1% how much we HATE the 1% of the 1%
  17. @SarahTonin-qx8wy: The same in London as NYC. I worked as a concierge in Kensington in a building of over 900 luxury apartments, only 13 had people living in them. Only 1 woman came to the spa in a week but staff had to wait there all day ready to open the door for her (or any other residents) that might come in and masseuses and the life guard stayed on call all day everyday.
  18. @ZachAdams-y8f: It exists because some people can afford them. And want to live there
  19. @VileStail: There are dozens of realtor youtubers that have access to these apartments and share them for everyone to see on their channels. I don't understand the point of this video, to be honest
  20. @Hammer-f4t: A person of COLOR could NEVER pull this off, hence the Double Standard, and they wonder why we feel how we feel 😡🤬🤬🤬🤬😡🤬😡🤬🤬😡

- SuperYacht Owner’s Most Expensive Bill ever! | Pets: Kind: captions Language: en it's a good question actually- okay so recently&nbsp; i made a video i talked about a previous Superyacht&nbsp;&nbsp; owner i worked for who had a dog and i told a&nbsp; story about how they flew a 737 with the butler&nbsp;&nbsp; over to France to pick up the dog and then back&nbsp; again to the us and in the comment section of that&nbsp;&nbsp; story there was a lot of people asking for more&nbsp; stories about the dogs because i said there were&nbsp;&nbsp; more stories okay so here's another&nbsp; story - okay so we were in New Zealand and the&nbsp;&nbsp; owner and the wife and the dog and and some of&nbsp; the staff they went off to a resort in New Zealand&nbsp;&nbsp; away from the boat and so we we were waiting&nbsp; for them near Auckland and they went off and&nbsp;&nbsp; the dog got sick so the owner was freaking out&nbsp; and he calls the boat and says i want you to get a&nbsp;&nbsp; vet out here immediately so there was some sort&nbsp; of problem i think it was a holiday weekend or&nbsp;&nbsp; something like that i don't remember exactly&nbsp; but there was some sort of issue getting the&nbsp;&nbsp; vet out there and then the vet replied that he would go out&nbsp;&nbsp; but the charge would be $500 and the&nbsp; owner said i'll give him $5,000 if he gets&nbsp;&nbsp; here today so that's the first thing so they&nbsp; get the dog looked at and the dog has got some&nbsp;&nbsp; illness that's gonna need a long-term treatment so&nbsp; the owner then thinks okay so we need to get a vet&nbsp;&nbsp; to stay on board to look after the dog while he's&nbsp; in recovery so the owner being eastern european&nbsp;&nbsp; wants to get somebody who speaks his language so&nbsp; he goes to his country and hires a vet to come&nbsp;&nbsp; out to the boat so the vet has a fee and the&nbsp; and the fee is 1,500 euros per day so initially&nbsp;&nbsp; they fly the vet out to do some treatment and&nbsp; he stays on board so the dog starts his recovery&nbsp;&nbsp; and the vet stays on board and initially he&nbsp; was only meant to be there for a week or 2&nbsp;&nbsp; but the recovery takes a bit longer than expected&nbsp; so two weeks turns into 1 month.. 1 month turns&nbsp;&nbsp; into 2 months.. you can see where this is&nbsp; going - right 2 months turns into 4 months&nbsp;&nbsp; and 4 months turns into 6 months so&nbsp; remember he's getting 1,500 euros per day&nbsp;&nbsp; to be on board so that is before you try and&nbsp; work it out it is 270, 000 euros so it gets&nbsp;&nbsp; 270,000 euros to effectively do what any of us&nbsp; would have some treatment on the dog and then we&nbsp;&nbsp; go back to the vet maybe once a week and&nbsp; he'd give a quick look over the dog right&nbsp;&nbsp; to check that the dog's recovering etc but&nbsp; he stayed on board for 6 months to do that&nbsp;&nbsp; so yeah they just spent some money on that dog&nbsp; that guy probably retired when he went home&nbsp;&nbsp; all right guys uh that's a it's&nbsp; a short and and sweet one&nbsp;&nbsp; it's incredible story on its own but&nbsp; let me know what you think in the&nbsp;&nbsp; comments and let's talk about it there&nbsp; alright guys thanks for watching bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @alison__16 [1 likes]: Okay, wait a minute. No-one said if the vet was male or female, maybe she was a hot blonde. Maybe it was the owner who insisted the dog was sicker than it was 😂😂
  2. @nassostsuka5446 [1 likes]: Ukrainians army  to hunt russian yachts use rpg javelin rockets to sink yachts
  3. @BobBob-jc1rr [1 likes]: Thank you for this channel 
I’m not sure if you have covered this question in the past ,
We all try to avoid storms , especially super yachts , but what would happen if a super yachts happened to have been struck by lightning
  4. @danielwardin4688 [1 likes]: Loved the pictures of the sick dogs -- especially the first. Your verbal sense of humor is subtle, wry; your visual humor laugh-out-loud funny. I say that based on many your videos.
  5. @erikbongnilsson246: Of course the vet knew what to give the dog for it to stay unhealthy lol
  6. @alison__16: The vet was laughing all the way to the bank and who can blame them. But I wonder what would have happened if the dog was actually really sick and died on their watch?
  7. @ZARRKK: i smelll scam
  8. @jeffschneider5020: Do the super yachts sail to the Great Lakes?
  9. @justayoutuber1906: I'd be worried if the dog ended up dying, you'd get shot or not paid.
  10. @TAG247: Is the super yacht in the pics here the one owned by the poker stars guy? I’ met the deckhands of that boat in Greece 3 months ago and they let me have a look around! AmaZing thing
  11. @stephans1990: If that vet was from eastern Europe, he could seriously retire of that money. 1.5K a MONTH is a very respectable salary for someone in his line of profession!
  12. @thebx-substack-com: What we do for pets ...
  13. @michaelhopkins2965: Being a trained Veterinary Assistant working on Technician, I can tell you that Doctors of Veterinary Medicine make HALF of what their counterparts in human medicine make.
There are some humans who don't deserve to have 270,000 Euros or Dollars spent to save their miserable lives. 😂💵
While I would work very hard to save every dog. Even one that bit me. 
I have done that.
Just for the record, I've saved humans too.
 It's kind of funny and kind of sad that some people don't think a dog is worth that much.
Supposedly, there are places where dogs are raised on farms like cattle. As a food source, not for pets. ☹️
If money was no issue, I would spend as much as I had to, to save my loved one. Be it two legged, or four.
  14. @CheapHomeTech: Actually the owner came out ahead. Vets in America get more money than most highly paid doctors. It is one of the best fields a person concerned about making money in a non scalable field can make. I suspect a vet in California could be making 10x that much once he got his clientele locked in.
  15. @csjrogerson2377: You can never apply logic and commondogfuck (ex servicemen will know what that is) to an owners personal decisions.  I worked for an owner who would go ballistic if a 2€ can of pringles were left open, but he paid €110,000 for 3 sets of china dinner service crockery.
  16. @philherbox4052: A lot of liberal people here in America would be screaming that the owner could have spent that money on homeless shelters or something and I think that it's great that he picked one of his own countrymen and paid him handsomely for his services.
  17. @garygeer7646: Crazy money
  18. @samw500: Like my dog as well and it’s a great story but in context doesn’t have anything to do with a the actual yacht. Was hoping for a whopping bill for one of the MTUs that needed to be replaced or the some Captain lopping off the Flybridge because he didn’t account for tide and clipped a bridge.
  19. @ChristianMohammedCohen: Would he spend as much on his wife....
  20. @timothycrane5488: Thanks for the story dude! It made me laugh! Keeo em coming :)

- First Billionaire SuperYacht owner to Give Up Russian Citizenship | Ep140 SY News: Kind: captions Language: en this is super yacht news with eSysman&nbsp;&nbsp; hi welcome back to the channel oh it feels like&nbsp; a long time since I did one of these videos but&nbsp;&nbsp; it's only been a few days anyway we'll move on&nbsp; because we've got some interesting stories so&nbsp;&nbsp; on my left here you can see Motor Yacht "Ocean&nbsp; Victory" now "Ocean Victory" is owned by a chap&nbsp;&nbsp; called Victor Rashnikov and this vessel went&nbsp; dark in the Maldives in March of this year.&nbsp;&nbsp; now the vessel as you see in this photo here is&nbsp; in Dubai it's at a resort in Dubai called "The&nbsp;&nbsp; World Resort" and it's been there pretty much&nbsp; ever since March now if you go on AIS right now&nbsp;&nbsp; you'll see that it's still the vessel is&nbsp; still officially in the Maldives according&nbsp;&nbsp; to AIS because they switched off the AIS and&nbsp; then hightailed it out of there and headed to&nbsp;&nbsp; Dubai vessels being in Dubai are at anchor&nbsp; for better part of 7 months you can see it&nbsp;&nbsp; says it's 7 months since it broadcast that AIS&nbsp; now they've been at an anchor for seven months&nbsp;&nbsp; and that means the vessel is in violation&nbsp; of international maritime law because AIS&nbsp;&nbsp; on a passenger vessel must be broadcast at all&nbsp; times when the vessel is at Sea and at anchor.&nbsp;&nbsp; now The Vessel went dark on the 1st of March at&nbsp; 2022 and the owner Mr. Rashnikov was sanctioned&nbsp;&nbsp; by the EU on the 15th of March so 2 weeks before&nbsp; he went dark so he probably knew it was coming.&nbsp;&nbsp; the owner is believed to have a residence in that&nbsp; Resort and that's why the vessel is anchored just&nbsp;&nbsp; off that residence that he's currently staying&nbsp; in -now there's no sign of motor yacht A which&nbsp;&nbsp; was out there recently it's possibly still back&nbsp; up in Ras-Al -Khaimah but we're not completely&nbsp;&nbsp; sure if you're out in that way and you know&nbsp; and you've id'd The Vessel please let us know&nbsp;&nbsp; anyway we'll move on to the next story now&nbsp; this is actually a correction I've seen I'm&nbsp;&nbsp; not correcting my stuff but this time I'm&nbsp; correcting somebody else's because I saw on&nbsp;&nbsp; a website recently a story about a a yacht&nbsp; called motor yacht "Alea" and they said&nbsp;&nbsp; that the vessel is owned by Alicia Usmanov and&nbsp; there was they were wondering why the vessel&nbsp;&nbsp; is seemingly free to roam in the EU when&nbsp; he's when he's currently under sanctions&nbsp;&nbsp; well there's a very obvious reason for the fact&nbsp; that the vessel has not been arrested and it's&nbsp;&nbsp; because he doesn't own that vessel anymore now&nbsp; the vessel was originally called motor yacht "Tis"&nbsp;&nbsp; debuted at the Monaco yacht show in 2019 . The&nbsp; Vessel was for sale because the original owner&nbsp;&nbsp; did not take delivery of the vessel the the person&nbsp; who ordered the vessel and Alicia Usmanov bought&nbsp;&nbsp; it and it had that beautiful blue hole and&nbsp; then he painted it in that you know that old&nbsp;&nbsp; cigarette stain color yellow that he uses on&nbsp; Dilbar on on his other boats he had the whole&nbsp;&nbsp; painted in that collar on and then changed the&nbsp; name to Lady Julia and then later on he took&nbsp;&nbsp; the but he left the superstructure in white&nbsp; afterwards they realized it didn't look good&nbsp;&nbsp; and then they took it back in and painted&nbsp; the rest of it in that yellowy white color&nbsp;&nbsp; and then he sold the vessel and he sold the vessel&nbsp; to a a chap called Lakshmi Mittal who is a Indian&nbsp;&nbsp; born, he lives in London and he's a steel&nbsp; magnate now that's the reason why the vessel isn't&nbsp;&nbsp; arrested and that's the reason why the vessel is&nbsp; allowed to sail -it's in Trieste I believe at the&nbsp;&nbsp; moment that's when that story was printed or put&nbsp; on on the internet The Vessel had just arrived&nbsp;&nbsp; into yesterday and they were dumbfounded as to why&nbsp; the vessel hadn't been arrested well that's the&nbsp;&nbsp; reason why because he doesn't own that vessel any&nbsp; longer anyway we'll move on to the next story this&nbsp;&nbsp; is the main story - now this is about a Russian&nbsp; billionaire yacht owner who has renounced his&nbsp;&nbsp; Russian citizenship -now is this the first of many&nbsp;? now the chap I'm talking about is Yuri Milner, he&nbsp;&nbsp; has made a lot of money obviously in Russia in the&nbsp; early days but he is an investor in Silicon Valley&nbsp;&nbsp; products and some of the early Investments&nbsp; he made on are us on some big companies&nbsp;&nbsp; so he was an early investor in Facebook,&nbsp; he was an early investor in alibaba,&nbsp;&nbsp; Twitter, Airbnb and Spotify so some really&nbsp; good Investments there -now Mr. Milner and&nbsp;&nbsp; his family got Israeli passports a few years&nbsp; ago and this is something that Israel offers&nbsp;&nbsp; to anybody of Jewish Heritage I believe you&nbsp; can go and apply for Israeli citizenship doesn't&nbsp;&nbsp; hurt that you're a billionaire also -you can get&nbsp; passports in pretty much anywhere if you invest&nbsp;&nbsp; enough money in a country -he's been living&nbsp; in the US I believe since 2014-&nbsp;&nbsp; he went after the occupation of a Crimea&nbsp; by the Russia he moved he says he he moved&nbsp;&nbsp; away from Russia permanently and he has&nbsp; been effectively in the US since then.&nbsp;&nbsp; of course the vessels he owns, - two big&nbsp; super Yachts- 106 meters I believe Andromeda and&nbsp;&nbsp; 116 meter Ulysses now those vessels were built&nbsp; by Graeme Hart originally, the New Zealand&nbsp;&nbsp; billionaire- he built them with clever Marine&nbsp; in Norway and they were finished in in Germany&nbsp;&nbsp; and for whatever reasons I don't&nbsp; quite understand why he did it but&nbsp;&nbsp; Graeme Hart is he built both of them and then&nbsp; sold both of them to Yuri mill then maybe it was&nbsp;&nbsp; just an offer too good to to turn down right as&nbsp; billionaires say everything's for sale &nbsp;&nbsp; if you offer the right amount he has renounced&nbsp; his Russian citizenship so he is no longer a&nbsp;&nbsp; Russian assistant citizen he no no longer holds&nbsp; Russian passports neither do any of his family&nbsp;&nbsp; interestingly he announced this on Twitter and he&nbsp; basically said I'm not you know we're no longer a&nbsp;&nbsp; citizenship and the comments the first comment&nbsp; that was put below was quite interesting wasn't&nbsp;&nbsp; it - once the Russian oligarch always the&nbsp; Russian oligarch- so I'll leave that one there.&nbsp;&nbsp; now as far as the vessels and their locations now&nbsp; Andromeda has been in the the Seychelles since March and it's been sailing&nbsp; around the Seychelles AIS has been on the whole&nbsp;&nbsp; time I believe but the vessel is currently heading&nbsp; from Port Victoria in the Seychelles to Darwin&nbsp;&nbsp; in Australia -now that's quite a big trip you know&nbsp; that's a few thousand miles there and the&nbsp;&nbsp; ETA is the 23rd of October- vessels currently&nbsp; off the coast of Sumatra and Ulysses,&nbsp;&nbsp;the other vessel , the second vessel that was built&nbsp; is in Panama at anchor and we covered the vessel&nbsp;&nbsp; moving recently because I believe the vessel was&nbsp; going to go through Panama Canal and at the time&nbsp;&nbsp; he was still a Russian citizen right and we were&nbsp; monitoring his vessels just purely for that reason&nbsp;&nbsp; but that vessel's been in Panama for quite a while&nbsp; now at anchor now I'm told that he has a storage&nbsp;&nbsp; facility in that area also Ulysses sustained some&nbsp; damage when it had a collision with a tanker and&nbsp;&nbsp; a little while back and so it's possibly that&nbsp; they're waiting to get that vessel repaired&nbsp;&nbsp; now it looks like Mr Milner might be headed to&nbsp; Australia because the that vessels movements -&nbsp;&nbsp; you don't normally send a vessel across an ocean&nbsp; like that unless the vessel's going to be used.&nbsp;&nbsp; now as far as I'm aware those vessels are not&nbsp; for Charter which suggests that he's going to&nbsp;&nbsp; Australia to use the vessel if you're in Darwin&nbsp; by the way please keep an eye out around the&nbsp;&nbsp; 23rd and if you see anything you snap at some&nbsp; videos or pictures and send them through to us.&nbsp;&nbsp; all right guys I'm going to leave it there&nbsp; if you've got any information about any of&nbsp;&nbsp; the stories tonight or any other stories please&nbsp; get in touch in the normal fashion you can get&nbsp;&nbsp; us on the about page of YouTube you can get us&nbsp; on Instagram on Facebook messenger and you can&nbsp;&nbsp; also get us on threema be sure to like this&nbsp; video hit the Subscribe button and hit the&nbsp;&nbsp; bell for future notifications thanks very&nbsp; much for watching and I'll see you soon bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @MrCocoriver [2 likes]: love this super yacht news so much going on with these poor billionaires
  2. @Aaron-ot1xs [1 likes]: It's brave of him to broadcast the renouncing of his birthplace. Whole Russian families have been executed by hit-squads for less on EU soil. There was also that doorknob in northern England. Not a single person in Canada or the US had the conviction of principle to renounce their citizenship over Iraq or Afghanistan and we're free to leave.
  3. @wotrulke5868 [1 likes]: He’s a metal magnet 😂 I love it just made me laugh lol 😆
  4. @happycamper4329 [1 likes]: Not exactly the right time of year for Milner to be sending his yacht to Darwin. Cyclone season is about to start in that part of Australia, and what with the current state of the weather we're having, even heading further south along the Australian coast, east or west, doesn't look promising for a sunny summer!
  5. @ineilirwin1805: Do you think Putin lets them pick the interiors?
  6. @peneloped.wenman4388: .... dramatic shift of karma ... relinquishing one's citizenship w/ passport .. but, an easy affordable escape for the uber-wealthy & with the Jewish twist ... how absolutely fascinating ... but, congrat's on making a commitment to one's ancestral roots ... if he's indeed descended ... good on him then ... maybe he will be now inspired to do wonderful things with his money ... such as 'the greatest of these, is charity' ...  give until it hurts ..
  7. @tarasbolotov2486: Stab Russia , Hope he,s got a funeral plan in place .
  8. @gracestewart370: Always interesting.
  9. @actionjackson9385: Where did the money come from to invest in those successful American companies?  Through the Russian kleptocracy like Abramovich and so many others?
  10. @inferring: Him saying I live in the US for 8 years is like every other oligarch saying i live in london im not russian
  11. @yachtsofnewport: Ulysses collided with a ship too? I thought that was utopia iv
  12. @philcliffe6909: I notice that you never hear of 'plastic' magnets, only ever steel.
  13. @AvaT42: A very interesting report. Mr Milner I do not trust, he is Russian, no matter what piece of paper he bought saying anything else. Mr. Milner is just trying to get out of the sanctions.
  14. @adrianhickson2772: According to 'Google,' Graham Hart still owns Ulysee's. What does he now own?
  15. @LMays-cu2hp: Thank you for your cool stories about beautiful yachts..
  16. @strangelee4400: I think any billionaire would renounce any citizenship if it was financially prudent to do so. They have loyalty to their wallets and nothing else.
  17. @sailorpete136: I notice there are balconies on board that he can fall off.
  18. @logicman7028: Your yacht or your citizenship.  That's a no brainer if you're Russian.
  19. @Elvatrenni_413: Question is if he will mysteriously be deathly ill in a hotel all alone or fall out of the window from a hospital, only time will tell.
  20. @lauramcquade2438: Always interesting!

- How to Run a $14 Million Superyacht | WSJ Operating Costs: Kind: captions Language: en - [Presenter] This 128 foot long super yacht runs almost $14 million to purchase, but that's just the beginning of its expenses. - [James] It's a city, it's a resort, and it moves. - [Presenter] But imagine if that resort sat on top of one of the planet's saltiest, wettest environments. Yacht owners can also expect to pay 10 to 20% of the yachts value each year simply to maintain it. Superyachts or yachts longer than 82 feet can sell for hundreds of millions of dollars. This means maintenance could be tens of millions per year. Here's what goes into this superyacht's estimated annual budget of nearly 1.9 million. - [James] Welcome aboard Snowbird. - [Presenter] Cost that up even before owner set sail. - [James] Dockage fees are very expensive. They range from $3.50 a foot to 7.50 a foot per day. - [Presenter] Dockage fees can be so high for superyachts in part because there's a large demand for a limited number of spaces, but if owners keep their yachts docked, they could face other large maintenance expenses. - All the works of the bottom of the vessel gets scummed up with oysters and clams and barnacles. A lot of these electronics, they get fouled up if they sit dormant for a long time. It's definitely better to use it than let it sit. - [Presenter] While docked, the yacht can connect to the Marina's power grid for basic operations, but when it's out at sea, this 368 ton vessel requires fuel, a lot of it. - For someone like myself, I call this boat yoga. What we have here is the day tank. This holds approximately 800 gallons of fuel. See the red? That's the amount that's in the tank. - [Presenter] In total, this yacht can hold almost 12,000 gallons of fuel. Plus, other water vehicles like its jet skis and support boat will need even more gas. - Generally, we burn anywhere from 60 gallons an hour to 120 gallons an hour. - [Presenter] At around four and a half dollars a gallon. - [James] It costs approximately $360,000 per year to fuel Snowbird. - [Presenter] But day-to-day maintenance is actually the fourth largest operating cost and it can get messy. - Today we're gonna be changing out the crankcase ventilation filter. That keeps your turbos and your after cooler from getting gummed up, and it also helps reduce oil consumption and reduce air pollution by further combustion inside the engine. This part probably costs $60, $70 to replace, but it has immeasurable value in prolonging the longevity of your motors. Maintaining the engines on a yacht like Snowbird typically costs around $60,000 a year, and you're looking at parts, time, and the materials involved to change the oils and keep everything up and going. - [Presenter] That's just below deck. Superyacht owners also need to invest in keeping the rest of the yacht in pristine condition, like the teak flooring. Teak is typically used on yachts because it's a weather resistant luxury material, but it's also challenging to maintain. - [Josh] When we scrub the teak, oftentimes it only lasts roughly a week or two depending on the traffic on board. It wants to go back to its natural color, and, you know, between rain and rinsing it down, you kinda wash away all of that, you know, hard work that you've done. Annually the teak flooring costs about $18,000 to maintain. - [Presenter] Adding on smaller expenses, you're already looking at just over $1 million. But by far, there's one cost for maintaining superyachts that completely surpasses the others, the crew. The estimated budget for Snowbird's crew is over $800,000 per year and that's because super yachts must always have a crew even when docked. - You have to take care of the teak the paint, wash windows, machinery. Rust never sleeps, maintenance never stops. - [Presenter] Cost towards their health insurance, travel expenses, uniforms, and cell phone bills can add thousands to the budget. Adding in crew expenses brings the annual operating cost estimate to nearly 1.9 million a year, but that's only when there are no major repairs or maintenance while owners generally spend around 10% a year in maintenance costs for new superyachts. - [James] It's kind of a guideline, but as she gets three years or five years, or hits her 10 year, it's gonna be more than 10%. - [Presenter] Every five years or so, superyacht owners have to shell out for one of their largest expenses. - Paint jobs are sometimes from a hundred thousand to a million bucks, depending on your size of your boat. Paint is about $1,800 an inch, - [Presenter] Salt in the water and air corrodes the yachts paint. To repaint the entire yacht, it needs to be hauled out of the water, then it can take months to complete a fresh paint job. There are also other major potential expenses. Some yacht owners need to spend hundreds of thousands of dollars every few years on detailed inspections. And if a yacht fails in inspection, repairing or replacing it could run $200,000 or more. - Certain boats, you can't get the engines out. You have to cut a hole in the side and then reweld it, recertify the hole. Now you're into the multi-millions to change out an engine. - [Presenter] To recoup some of these costs, superyacht owners will rent out their vessels. The charter fee for this super yacht ranges from $125 to $145,000 per week, that covers the boat and the crew, but renters also need to pay for additional expenses like fuel, food, and customs fees. Plus, there's a customary tip of 18 to 25% for the crew members. At best, superyacht owners might break-even on maintenance costs with income earned from chartering. - I don't think it's a profitable situation. At best, they're covering their salaries and the boat's way as it travels. Wear and tear is always there and the money would have to go back into the vessel. If you didn't properly maintain your vessel, your value would decrease. Most people that buy yachts of this size and this stature really wanna take care of them. (upbeat music)

  Top Comments:
  1. @demendez [1 likes]: I could be as rich as a billionaire, but I wouldn't own a yacht. As Lionel Messi (a billionaire) and Cristiano Ronaldo said, "What's the point of owning a yacht if I can't use it?" It's much better to charter a yacht for three or four weeks a year for a million dollars and lease a jet whenever I need to use it.
  2. @itwilpas [1 likes]: I'll take two please
  3. @TheJoeSwanon: Eat the rich
  4. @davidgabra6308: I don’t think it’s 1800$ per square inch that would be 2billion$ for a paint job. 😂 4:25
  5. @johnsmith1882-x2i: Yet
Another
Couple
Hundred
Thousand
  6. @HanrgyHippopotamus: Paint is not 1,800$ per inch I don’t care what you say. Each square foot has 144 square inches so one square foot would cost $300,000 alone.
  7. @uhohotdog3483: All I hear is Nope I’ll stick with Luxury cruise commercial liners enjoy the trip & walk away 💪
  8. @mausi28: 14 Million is not much for a yacht jeff bezos yacht cost about 500 million
  9. @Synth-8: Colossal waste of money
  10. @Dehko: All so a billionaire can walk on the boat with his young Russian model and set sail with no issues.
  11. @RockinRocketScience: Can't imagine this is what Gabe Newell has to deal with for his fleet.

But hey he's earned every penny running a good biz. I'll buy some more games for them- give him a throw pillows for that new one of his.
  12. @dougdavis8986: Yachts: environmental nightmare. Yacht owners: selfish narcissists
  13. @lovemvn6283: I maintain boats like these for a living. Some fo their costs are blown out of proportion
  14. @Zzennobi: No way 360k per fuel per year, it means it burns a ton of fuel per day.
  15. @JeffJPXX: I feel so bad for all the poor yacht owners....
  16. @damned1313: I’ll just rent by the week. On Royal Caribbean. 😂😂😂😂
  17. @bilyd333: 😂😂😂😂😂😂
Ok.... technically..... very technically....what was said was true.  Boats are expensive to maintain. 10% is accurate for ships under 10yo. However, the absurdly ridiculous numbers just thrown out there for the wow factor are for 300ft and above yachts. 
No, it doesn't take millions of dollars to fill up an 80ft boat. No, a 120ft boat doesn't have a crew of 50 who each make half a million a month. Hate to tell you but an inch of paint isn't $1800....for any boat anywhere. Bottom paint can run $1800 per gallon...not inch. That guy was a lying clown. It doesn't take a gallon of copper paint to cover an inch. 

The only way it costs $18000 per month to wash the teak deck is of the crew is using pick axes. Teak decks are washed each day with water...not champagne. They use special soap, not liquid gold. They use mops, not fur coats. $18000 per month is a bald faced lie. 

Again, boats are expensive. The bigger the more expense...just like a house. However, this is typical journalism....if you don't know... just make it up. Journalism is just story telling. This was a story...a false story
  18. @GreenGonzalez-f8g: 🎉🎉
  19. @bigteeist: If you got the money why not in joy it 🤑
  20. @Whoareyoucalling: 70 docks later you’ve spent the equivalent of another yacht.

- Russian Oligarchs | Emirs Billionaires Most Beautiful Yachts (Documentary): Kind: captions Language: en In the south of Turkey, hidden from view in the nook of a cove of Bodrum, lies an 80-meter superyacht named Titan. It flies the Bermuda flag but is owned by a Russian oligarch, Alexander Abramov. To avoid seizures linked to sanctions against the war in Ukraine, like Alexander, dozens of people close to the Kremlin, have come here to hide their boats. Local journalist Yasser Antar tracks down some of the world's most luxurious yachts. In paparazzi mode, he no longer needs to leave his little corner of the Mediterranean to capture them. Russian oligarchs and millionaires came because Turkey didn't want to get involved in the war between Ukraine and Russia. The yachts arrived here in March or April and anchored in the bays of the region. Dozens of yachts belonging to Russian oligarchs have been seized around the world, including in France, Italy, the United States, and Spain. In Palma de Mallorca, on the initiative of the American authorities and with the support of the FBI, the Spanish Civil Guard seized the Tango, a 78-meter superyacht belonging to someone close to Vladimir Putin. The oligarchs who were able to flee in time, headed mainly for Turkey. The yacht behind me is the Solaris, and it belongs to Roman Abramovich. It arrived here in March, and it hasn't moved from the bay. Nobody knows what will happen. The Solaris, an incredible 140-meter boat, worth over 400 million euros. Its owner, Roman Abramovich, is the most infamous Russian billionaire. His magnificent yacht is a veritable fortress, almost impossible to approach. The yacht is under constant guard. The hull is made of armored steel. They have the ability to disrupt journalists by interfering with camera or mobile phone systems using ultrasound. It can target anyone within 300 or 400 meters of the boat. On board the Solaris, there's even a special forces unit of 20 to 25 people who have received military training. Today, yachts are the subject of debate more than ever before. Monaco, the world capital of superyachts. Say no to war in Ukraine! Every year, hundreds of the most beautiful boats in the world dock here. Among the 600 exhibitors are the very best of the nautical industry and all the gadgets that go with it, such as this pocket submarine that costs over a million euros. Yachts are the subject of debate of the most beautiful boats in the world dock here. [French spoken audio] Here, professionals across all disciplines are involved. In Monaco, the queen of interior design is Sabrina Monteleone-Oeino. She takes us aboard the Mischief to take a closer look at one of her latest projects. -Thank you. -All right. Here we are on a boat that we have just finished. We've done a small refit and renovation. We're lucky to be able to visit it because these clients are very private. The owner has his little bar here, which is very nice. Here, we used white and blue tones as he wanted. There you have it. We had a lot of fun with the owner while making the cabins. The cabins are simple. It's an easy boat. These boats all have one thing in common. They are huge consumers of fuel. Every hour, a superyacht consumes almost 500 liters of diesel, and there are 6,000 of them in the world. It's a disproportionate carbon footprint, but there is a solution. Away from the sun, we travel to Poland to meet Francis Lapp, a French pioneer of a new technology. The electric yacht, 100 percent eco-friendly boats that run on solar energy. We've incorporated solar cells into the hull. You can practically tap with a hammer on it. It's unbreakable. People don't want to show up on boats consuming thousands of liters of diesel. For his new boat, the Marie-Joseph, full-scale tests are taking place in Dubai. His latest edition will surely shock the market. You are welcome back, my friend. No noise, no smell of fuel oil. Solar energy is revolutionizing the yachting industry. He just needs to keep the boat charged like an iPhone. Yes, everybody will talk about it today. With yacht sales booming, Dubai is not the only emerging market in the region. The entire Arabian Peninsula is taking a liking to luxury boating. The most promising country in the sector is Saudi Arabia. Left, you're a bit late. In Jeddah, the country's second biggest city, a marina to accommodate up to 100 boats was built in just six months. I believe it's going to be the future Monaco and Maldives at the same time. At this rate, more superyachts like the Serenity will be cruising the Red Seas each year. In Hong Kong, a Frenchman, Eric Noyel, has been in the yacht business for ten years. His specialty, buying and selling shares in boats. To put it simply, faced with a boat that is going to cost around six million, as we have shared it with three people, we are at two million. A cost-sharing scheme, Eric is on the lookout for any opportunity. This is a crazy boat. It's 65 meters long, and it’s the biggest boat in Hong Kong. I’m trying to contact the owner because I have a buyer who wants it. New technology and new destinations. The world of yachting is doing everything to rid itself of its bad reputation. An investigation into the new world of superyachts. Saudi Arabia, a new destination for superyachts. Particularly King Abdullah City on the banks of the Red Sea. The city has dedicated itself to business and boating over the last few years. Docked in the marina, the Serenity belongs to a wealthy Greek Lebanese businessman. The boat is 72 meters long, and can accommodate up to 30 guests. Across four decks, 15 luxury cabins, private lounges, and the ultimate home cinema. Today, the yacht is about to set sail. Gregory is scrutinizing every little detail. Elena, did you check the cabins that I had opened for the guests last night? Gregory, a Greek national, has been a butler on board since 2017. He speedily carries out his inspections. Elena, the master bathroom, the screw on the top of the shower… -The door? -Yes. -Yes? -Check it, it's not good. I take 17 seconds. From the passerelle downtown till upstairs, 17 seconds. No detail escapes him, and it's best not to make any mistakes under his supervision. How many pairs of shoes have you found at the shoe boxes? Three boxes. No, man, I didn't ask you how many boxes. I asked how many pairs of shoes please. Yes, please. -How many? -Only one. Only one pair for the guest? -My foot is a pair. -Come on, you don't know what a pair is? What you see here, I'd like to make that… Come here, my son. Please, with the guest, no. I don't want it to come out. You have one, two, three, three pairs of shoes. -Mr. Mohamed left? How the system works is the guest comes, takes off the shoes, and the shoes are in his hands here. -Shoes should be there, man. How are the slippers there and the shoes here? In total, around 30 people ensure the smooth running of the boat. Masha is one of the crew members. She's Ukrainian. Okay, now I'm going to set up the balcony in the master office and master bedroom. The master bedroom. A 150 square meter suite with all the comforts of home. We'll check the closet. This is the big closet with two sides for him and for her. Usually, I unpack luggage for the master guest because it's a lot sometimes. Big suitcases with many dresses, many costumes, and suits. Always looking after her passengers, Masha anticipates their every need. On a yacht like the Serenity, timing is everything. Guests going, for example, for lunch. Before lunch, the guests take a shower, and we communicate with the crew. Maria, the guests are out, and I come here. Nobody can pass here. No officer, no captain, nobody, because it's private territory, let's say. To not disturb the guests. Far from the luxury of the passengers' area, Masha shows us her quarters in the hold of the ship. This is the crew corridor where the crew lives in crew cabins. This is my cabin. In general, it's three people in the cabin. Do you have a view? Yes, a little bit. Actually, I like the window in the cabin because from my previous experience, I didn't have one. It was dark all the time. When you slept during the day, and opened your eyes, it was dark. It was night all the time. Everything is in place for departure. The Serenity will be able to set sail. Theodore Pericleous, also Greek, takes the helm. Okay, guys, cast off on both stations. [Greek spoken audio] Leaving the port is always a delicate maneuver. The captain is assisted by a Saudi sailor. It's very tight. Actually, there are places where the draft is only three meters. This means the allowance from the keel is only a few centimeters. We are passing at the limits. For this reason, we should pass precisely in the middle of the canal. Mr. Pilot here is very experienced in doing that as his job is particularly in this area. Okay, perfect. Thank you very much, Captain. Thank you, and be in touch. Thank you very much for everything. -Bon voyage -Bye. Mission accomplished. The Serenity is now sailing the open seas. Destination, Jeddah, the second largest city in Saudi Arabia. The trip will last only five hours, but sailing in the Red Sea doesn't come without risk. Don't forget that two days ago they had an attack by a drone from Yemen in Aramco's storage here in Jeddah. This means it is kind of dangerous because, let's say, if the crew is out and passing this area, they can face a dangerous situation. Faced with no choice, the captain must deal with the danger. Before leaving, he filled up the tanks with 22,000 liters of diesel. On the Cote d'Azur, this would have cost over 40,000 euros. Megayachts are fuel hogs, but there are alternatives. Surprisingly, yachting may find its future on the Baltic Sea in Poland. Gdańsk, the city of the former Lenin Shipyards and the birthplace of the Solidarność Trade Union led by Lech Walesa, responsible for dismantling the communist regime. Thirty years later, Gdańsk is experimenting with new technology that's revolutionizing the sector, electric. At the forefront is Francis Lapp, a Frenchman who left Alsace when the wall fell. In Poland, he made his fortune in construction and started building yachts 19 years ago. Twenty years ago, Poland was not too well known for luxury. Francis Lapp's story is one of success. Orders are pouring in at his shipyard. Thirty-six ships are under construction and ten in the finishing phase. Their primary selling point, clean energy and environmentally friendly materials. that use thousands of liters of diesel. It's not very ecological. Even children say to their parents, yes, but have you seen the diesel we use? When you're in a beautiful bay with blue water and a diesel generator that runs all day, it's not very ecologically friendly. That's what is happening today. Once you've used an electric boat, you won't go back. Francis Lapp has a team of 2,000 employees. In order to remain at the cutting edge of technology, the boss relies heavily on research and development. This is the boat we’re going to show you later in production. We're not going to show you too many details. -Is it a secret? -Yes, very secret. The strength of Sunreef is that we do everything in-house. We develop everything in-house as much as possible. From the hull to the carbon mast, to new technologies, everything. It's all thought out and studied in-house. That's our strength. There aren't many people with such a large design office. Francis' son, Stefan, manages the latest technological innovations. To provide clean energy for the boat's engines, their secret is these unique solar panels. Assembled here by hand, the photovoltaic cells are able to adapt to any type of surface. It looks like this, in fact. It’s integrated into the boat. Here we have extra flexible panels which are the lightest in the world and which can be integrated into almost any shape. In fact, you see, they are very foldable, invisible, and ultra-strong. Francis Lapp takes us to see his greatest pride. His latest innovation, a completely ecological yacht. Here's a sneak preview. His latest baby, a 24-meter catamaran. It's to be launched in a week's time. The boat will run solely on sail and solar energy. It's some solar cells that we incorporated into the hull. We filed a patent on it. In the end, the advantage of these cells is not that they are glued on, they are integrated into the hull. This means that in terms of resistance, you can practically hit it with a hammer, and it is unbreakable. This allows us to recharge our batteries and to move forward ecologically with the two electric motors. Now we’re going to visit the heart of the boat. I'll go first. Here we are in the heart of the boat. This space is about 85 centimeters, where we have all the electrical parts of the boat. The whole brain of the boat is practically here. Here we have a huge battery bank. There are three tons of batteries in the boat. We can put in a bit more, but I think that for the use of the boat, it's more than enough. The only exception to being 100 percent ecologically friendly is the boat's generator. Backup energy in case of a lack of sun, or in the event of a blackout. The yacht will soon be sailing in the warm waters of the Emirates, baptized with the name Marie-Joseph. Why Marie-Joseph? My mother is Marie-Louise and my father is Joseph. I wanted to thank them a little for the life they gave me and named the boat Marie-Joseph. For Francis Lapp, there is no question of selling this boat estimated at 7 million euros. It's his to keep for his own pleasure, but also to promote this revolutionary catamaran. A week later, the ship is about to leave the icy cold of the Baltic for the warm seas. The Marie-Joseph is about to board a cargo ship for the United Arab Emirates. Scheduled to be one month, the crossing will cost Francis Lapp 300,000 euros. The boat is due to be in Dubai in March for the annual yacht show, but things will get more complicated than expected. On a completely different continent, welcome to Hong Kong. A huge megalopolis with seven million inhabitants. The city has several ports on the China Sea, including Aberdeen, on the south of the island. Here, to get to the office, the local version of a taxi, a junk boat. Don't worry, I know the place. Let me tell you how to get there. Eric Noyel has been living in Hong Kong since 2013 and is also French. After making a fortune in the toilet brush industry, he went into the yacht business. The boat is coming anyway. It was loaded today at the yard. It will arrive here at the end of January, and then I will show it to you. It could be early February, the first week of February. It works, I understand. Thank you, Cedric, see you soon, goodbye. What was that, Eric? This is a person who wants to buy a boat that I have in stock, a new boat. A person I’ve known for 10 years who sank a boat in a typhoon recently. Well, he likes boating. He’s a French entrepreneur who has a very big factory next door. He wants to see it before sending the cheque. He told me he has already prepared the money. In principle, it should be done, but you never know. Eric offers several services to his clients. He sells yachts, but he also runs a yacht-sharing company. In other words, he sells shares in boats. Each co-owner shares the costs and benefits. We have this one for sale at the moment, which is an incredible boat owned by the same person who has the other one there. The Aberdeen Marina Club which is the premier marina in Hong Kong, where there are quite a few luxury yachts that are here. The top 20 wealthy people in Hong Kong have their boats here. This is my nice office. We became partners in a company called Fraser, which is a world leader in huge boats. For normal people, we have normal boats which are for hire. It's called charter hire. We're going to do a charter in Thailand, in Hong Kong, in Indonesia. That's all we have, the boats for sale. Either we sell new boats, Turkish boats, Polish boats, English boats or second-hand boats. At 50, Eric manages a team of 15 employees of six different nationalities. Hello. -Hello, Adam. -Hello, are you okay? Adam, for the record, is the best boat seller. He's only been with us for a few months and has sold many boats. This is a reminder. It's an incredible thing. It's a real Picasso called The Sailor’s Dream. When you're in the marine industry, seas and seas, it was a bit of a joke to motivate people to set the level and say: "We're going to be ambitious in this business." This was one of our best sales. It's a 33-meter boat made in Turkey in a shipyard called Numarine, which has a lot of particularities, like an enormous front deck for dining or spending the day. To put it simply, this is a boat, which if you buy from an Italian, will cost 10 or 12 million. Having bought it in Turkey, we lowered the bill after negotiations to around six million. As it was shared between three people, Basically, we can say that for two, we’ll get a boat worth ten. I like this kind of principle. We offer it for hire to people. It took seven weeks last year, which was very good. Adam, his best salesman, will be by his side today. Eric is on his way to a business meeting. He has to meet a client who is potentially interested in buying a new boat. Eric sold about 50 of them last year. We have to listen and understand what he wants first. He has two boats, before the family had a 100-footer, and he personally had a 50. He used to have an Atlantis 50. He's always had boats. At the moment, he has a 70-foot boat. It's a big boat for him already. His family has always had 100-foot boats. When we spoke on the phone last time, he was looking to change his family's boat to get something bigger, 40 meters maybe. For Eric, this is a great contact. The potential buyer, Gilbert, is 40 years old and comes from a prominent family in Hong Kong. He knows Eric by word of mouth. We know Eric is an excellent professional in this industry, so we decided just to have a drink. He likes to know what our priorities are. That's why we're together today. How old is the boat? It was a 2013 Predator 68. -Okay. -Cheers. -Is it cheers? There seems to be a good rapport between the two parties, but Eric is careful not to reveal too much. He's quite confidential, so I can't talk too much. Definitely, Gilbert belongs to the type of family that has and will always have boats in this part of the world. It's very important that we stay close and I understand what they need, the problems they encounter with the boats and to try to be as helpful as possible. Very cool guy, he's a big… In the end, the deal was not closed, but discussions will continue. Eric also has a passion for boating outside of work. He often spends time in Phuket, Thailand. -Thank you very much, all the best. In the United Arab Emirates, petrodollars are a valuable currency, particularly in the city of Dubai, with its skyscrapers, beaches and glamour. Beyond the cliches in the land of black gold, a green revolution is underway. An hour from the city center, lies the Mohammed bin Rashid Solar Park, the largest solar park in the world. At the wheel of one of its company cars, Francis Lapp. Far from the freezing temperatures of Poland, it was here in the middle of the desert that his electric adventure began. This is where I got the idea to create these solar panels integrated into our boats, to create ecological boats. At a certain point, I had the idea to buy just the cells. We started to do tests more than three years ago. Today, we have a product that works well with a boat that is completely autonomous. I think there is a desire now. I remember 15 years ago the only issue was top speeds. Today, speed is really in second or even third place. It's more the ecological side with this electric motor. It's now up to him to attract new customers. The Alsatian entrepreneur is heading for the Dubai Marina. Every year in March, the Dubai Boat Show is held here. Dozens of exhibitors from all over the world come to present their latest productions. An excess of luxury for a clientele with almost unlimited means. has done a great job on his stern. To welcome the public, he brought a dozen employees from Poland, but there is a slight problem. His boat, the Marie-Joseph, has still not arrived. -Yes, I recognize you. -Yes, thank you. Yes, I was just asking, which one are you displaying? -The 80 Sunreef, eco, fully electric. -Sailing? -Sailing. The boat will be in Dubai end of May. -Anytime you can… -Okay, very good. He wanted to know when the boat was coming. Of course, he wants to see and touch it. As the boat is going to be here until the end of May, we gave him the contact, and he will call me back. -We’ll give him a private tour. -What's going on with this boat? It's due to problems after Covid. Everything is late, and we don't know why the boat… It's simple. There's an application called Marine Traffic. You press it, and look for the boat, the cargo ship, and there it is near Oman. It's quite precise. It's sailing at 13.4 knots. It’ll be here tomorrow at 14:00 UTC+4. We’re in Dubai now, and the boat is in that area today. It's in the process of coming into Dubai. Already over a month late, this risks losing business as the demand for clean energy boats at the show was very high. Honestly, I didn't know that it existed in this way already. I like catamarans because they're more efficient. I will see, I will learn. This is our CEO, Francis Lapp. I think it’s serious, yes. He wants a second boat, and he's made it clear. With the business he's in, TV and communication, I think. -The electric side, did he like that too? -Yes, absolutely. It's something new, and I think within five years it will be the complete standard for all other manufacturers as well. A pioneer in the sector for the moment, Francis Lapp is the only one here to offer an all-electric yacht. With everything in place to celebrate the event, the only thing missing now is the boat. The Marie-Joseph, a highly anticipated, fully eco-friendly boat, is due to arrive in Dubai in a few days. In the Red Sea, on the other side of the Arabian Peninsula, the Serenity is approaching its destination. After a smooth crossing, the city of Jeddah is on the horizon. At the helm, the captain prepares to enter the port. I see that the entrance is clear. Can we start proceeding? The Jeddah Marina was opened after only six months of construction. Restaurants, shops, clubhouses, and the building site itself were not yet fully completed, but the port could already accommodate 100 of the world's most luxurious yachts. Like the Valerie, an 85-meter boat owned by a Russian oligarch. The yacht was later seized in Spain. It's the end of Serenity's journey, and on deck, it's all systems go. It was gusting on the port side, and the boats started coming very fast. It's like every time there is a lot of stress. Yes, of course, adrenaline, exciting. Left, go right again. Bravo, well done, that's good. It was like a small basin here, a small lake. The guys started putting dredgers and bulldozers, and dug this marina. I believe it will be the future Monaco and Maldives at the same time. Once the boat is moored, the captain welcomes his future passengers. -Where is the customer? -Who? -The customer. -He is on the upper deck. On the upper deck, okay. He's probably on the upper deck. Bridge deck, okay, let's go. His clients today, a wealthy Saudi family specializing in events. -Hi, welcome on board. -This is my father. Yes, I remember. -Daddy, how are you, welcome on board. -Hi, how are you? -Nice to see you again. -Nice to see you. For the next Formula One Grand Prix, Mohammed and his father want to rent the boat for several days in Jeddah without it even leaving the marina. Where will we relocate the boat? -We'll go there? -We'll go over there. The wall that's right next to the marina there. -Okay, you want me to be there, right? -Yes, exactly. Okay, you want the bow or the stern there? Whatever, it doesn't matter. We'll have a couple of nice events in the next few days. Today, we have something at night. Tomorrow also, there's another lovely evening happening. The best thing about it is the deck spaces. You cannot get another 70-meter with the same deck spaces, the number of cabins and rooms. Prioritize properly. Number one is the crew and the captain. Yes, now you are talking. Number one is the crew and captain. -He's nagging, he's like… -No. Both parties agree on the usual fee. The family will rent the boat for 500,000 euros a week. It is an investment, we don't… Some people take it for pleasure. We do business here. We charter the boat to do F1 hospitality. You can watch the race from the boat. We do five-star catering. We put screens all over the boat. You can watch the race itself. We do have a business behind it. It's not just for pleasure, but after we're done, we have two days where we take the boat for our pleasure. We have friends, family, and we have a good time thereafter. In Saudi Arabia, they make sure the parties always take place far from the public eye and away from the cameras. In Jeddah, however, yachts are the new attraction. Along the quayside, onlookers admire the spectacular boats. What I wish for and only in my dreams, is to see these boats like that. It's like a castle. Everybody loves it, and I have to have one. For the average person, this dream is unattainable. Some have figured out a way to enjoy a stay on a yacht. In Thailand, on the shores of the Andaman Sea, the town of Phuket and its long beaches are overrun with tourists. Eric Noyel, the French businessman based in Hong Kong, is about to enjoy one of the yachts. He boarded the Dolce Vita, a 33-meter boat that can travel at up to 30 knots. The five crew members are preparing for his arrival. Everything must be impeccable. Everything's okay, no problem. It's all under control, waiting for the guests, who should be here shortly. An hour later, Eric Noyel arrives with some friends and his wife, Yumiko. Thank you. -How are you, Yumi? -Very good. -Thank you for bringing the boat. Today is her birthday. To celebrate, Eric took a week's holiday and organized a private cruise. Yann, is this your first time here? Out of the three boats he co-owns, it's no coincidence that Eric chose the Dolce Vita. This boat is now for sale, and it's about to be sold, so we wanted to enjoy it one last time. It was Yumiko’s big birthday. She's happy she's enjoying it with her girlfriends. A true salesman, Eric never misses an opportunity to show off his boats to his guests. He focuses on the latest gadgets. Sit down here. Press your two fingers on this and this simultaneously. -Like that? -Press it. -That's a James Bond moment. Yes, you press. Where's the target now? We’re going back down. This is the dining room table. As you know, I was born in France, so I tried to get French products. This is a table from a French company. I'm very proud because everybody loves it. I think everybody that comes on this boat ends up buying one of these tables. Open. It's like a mechanical watch. It goes from eight people to ten people. Captain, do your charter customers usually eat outside? -No, inside… -Oh, inside? -It's too hot outside sometimes. -But at night, for dinner? -Yes, inside. -Oh, really? But also outside, it depends. I would like to eat inside, not outside, because I don't like insects flying on my plate. I'll show you downstairs. This is the master bedroom. This brand makes a pretty slick boat. It's not old age, full of wood, heavy, and full of mystique. This is the opposite, it's white and light. You get to enjoy the view, which is really what you want. After the guided tour, the guests relax at the back of the boat. They share drinks, and are served by two employees. Eric makes a little trip out to sea on a paddleboard towed by the boat's tender. Yachting is first and foremost a pleasure, but for the entrepreneur, business is never far away. I see we have a neighbor coming. My job is selling superyachts. I know almost everything that happens and all the boats that arrive. I look at the name, who it is, why, and how many people there are. Eric is well aware that superyachts are only a reality for the mega-rich. Unless you want to be rich and don't know what to do with it. There was a time when it became a financial constraint for me. That is, I can't afford to have a boat like that. Here we are in the big boat on a human scale. Afterward, we move on to boats that need to be managed. Already here, on a human scale, you need to have a crew of five people, so it's already a big boat. Over the past two years, Eric has become one of the top three yacht sellers in Asia. His best deal, a boat of almost 50 meters. The Frenchman does not intend to stop there. Yachting is his life, and his wife Yumiko speaks highly of it. It's almost within the genes. He's unstoppable. His passion, yes. I'm glad that he's in a business that he's genetically designed to do. It's not just a like. He's in the right business. -In French? -I don’t know how you would say it. He is in a business that suits him. Voila, a little lesson in French. Wow, did you see those colors, orange? Beautiful. With a little sailing boat. Despite these precious moments, in a few weeks, the Dolce Vita will no longer belong to Eric. The businessman will soon be sailing on a different boat. Enjoying the yachts is a plus to being in the business. We return to Dubai, to Francis Lapp, the Alsatian entrepreneur who lives on the island of Palm Jumeirah, one of the most emblematic and chic areas in the city. He lives there with his wife, Munira. Yes, let's say I live here part-time because I have 2,000 employees to look after in Poland. I'm here one week a month and in Poland for three weeks. Francis can finally relax. His boat has just arrived. A lot of stress because we thought the boat would arrive end of last month, at the end of February, and it arrived here yesterday. We missed the boat show a little bit, but it's not a big deal. We’ll invite our clients during the week and the coming months. Until the end of May, the boat will be in Dubai. There's a lot of dust and salt on it. You have to clean it. You have to polish all the stainless steel and all that. You have to put the machines back on, which takes some time. What else is missing for you, Munira? Little things like champagne glasses, but that's already organized. In time, we'll see what else we need. I think we’ll see. Munira is 38 years old and of Tajik origin. They met in Dubai three years ago. The couple quickly fell in love with this house on the water. This is the viewpoint you liked when you arrived. Yes, absolutely. You can see all the signature buildings of Dubai. Burj Khalifa, Burj-Al-Arab, the Skyline. Everything is there. -What about the little private beach? -Yes, our catamaran, the Hobby Cat. The boating business, what does Dubai represent? The future because it's developing more and more, especially in the luxury catamarans. After all, the neighbors are very interested, as we sold two boats to Qatar. We also have Saudi customers. I think that Saudi Arabia is a big customer for the future. Visiting the couple are Francis' parents, Marie and Joseph, in their 90s. How are you, Mum? They made a long journey from their village in Alsace. I haven't seen the boat yet. -It has your name. -Yes, that's very kind of our son. He loves us very much and of course, we love him too. We put the Alsatian pretzel logo at the back of the boat. It's a bit of a tribute to Alsace and my parents. We're going to inaugurate the boat. -Champagne? -Of course. A ten minute drive to the boat. Francis' pride and joy, the Marie-Joseph, left Poland more than two months ago. The catamaran is due to arrive in a few minutes along these docks. For Francis, finally, the long awaited moment. His solar-powered boat makes a spectacular entrance into the marina. How do you feel? I’m happy. It’s a brand-new technology. We’re the first to do this, it’s great. -It's a beautiful boat. -Oh, yes, I had no idea it was so big. France's son, Stefan, who works alongside him, is there for the occasion. It's named after grandma and grandpa. Marie-Joseph, it's here, it's arrived. I would never have thought of it. Okay, Granny is coming alone. The whole family is emotional. A tribute to the region with the logo of the Alsatian pretzel. Francis, is everything okay? -Did it have a good trip? -Yes, it did, of course. It's a change from the yard in Gdansk. There's the wardrobe there. -Do you like the colors? -The colors are nice. Yes, of course. I didn't think it would move me that much. There is emotion. I've always taken it lightly, but now that it's for real, it's still… Before casting off, Francis awaits the arrival of a distinguished guest. It’s Sheikh Racher Al Maktoum, the dean of Dubai. He's going to dock, and he's coming. Close to the Emir, Sheikh Rashid Al Maktoum is one of the highest dignitaries in Dubai. -Hi, my friend. -You are welcome back. -Welcome back. -How are you? -Fine. -Your Highness. -Hello, madam. -Good, thank you. Congratulations for this beautiful girl. Once everyone is on board, the five crew members are busy. It's time to set sail. A yacht of the future. The Marie-Joseph traces its wake, and with it, a new page in nautical history is written. At the helm, no stress. The two electric motors meet all of Francis' expectations. Now see how much the wake is at the back. Its maximum speed is 15 knots. It's actually quite impressive. It's just electric engines. It's very easy to operate the boat. He doesn't need to do power management like a lot of boats where you need to check what uses how much, and you cannot have the fridge and the dishwasher and the cooking on. This is just energy management because we have way too much power. If it's empty, he'll start the generator or hope for the sun. -Easy life? -Easy life, exactly. How much is on the battery? On the battery, we have 23, 24 degrees. We did them in Gdansk but it was a bit chilly. Then we didn't do them for long, so it works well. -It works well. -Your first impressions? It's great, it works well, and we’re happy. It's just like we expected. Even some details are better than we expected. We have a better speed. It's nice when you hear nothing, no vibration, nothing. -The feel is different. -Now they come next to you. -You see what this is. You'll be popular now. -This new technology is impressive. What do you think? Yes, everyone will talk about it. As I told you, this is the first one to come to UAE. The first solar sailboat. An 80-feet, not a small one. As Francis had hoped, the Marie-Joseph is a sensation. A proud ship that sails without a drop of fuel and in complete silence. That's what we appreciate, luxury in the end. It's not just a boat. The great luxury is the silence, no vibrations, nothing. We're not going backwards anymore. You don't buy a boat with diesel anymore, that’s clear. There is no turning back. The yachting world must evolve. To rectify the disastrous impact on ecology, the electric engine is only one of the possible alternatives. The next great promise for the sector that Francis Lapp and other manufacturers are working on is hydrogen. A new revolution that is already underway.

  Top Comments:
  1. @kemusikemusi: グレタは、なぜこの船に乗り込まないのですか？
  2. @DisciplinePelajar: Monaco, Billionaire Playground 😎
  3. @high-reshallucinations: 1. Russian oligarch yachts
After the Ukraine war sanctions, many Russian-owned yachts were seized in places like Spain, Italy, France, and the US. Some owners moved their yachts to Turkey because Turkey did not join Western sanctions.

2. Superyachts are symbols of extreme wealth
The film shows huge yachts with luxury cabins, crews, security, submarines, private events, and weekly rental prices around €500,000.

3. The environmental criticism
A major theme is that superyachts burn massive amounts of diesel. The transcript says some consume around 500 liters per hour, making them controversial because of their carbon footprint.

4. Life behind the luxury
The documentary contrasts guest luxury with crew life. Guests have huge suites, cinemas, decks, and private lounges, while crew members live in small shared cabins and work under strict standards.

5. New luxury markets
Saudi Arabia, Dubai, Hong Kong, and Thailand are shown as growing yacht hubs. Saudi Arabia wants places like Jeddah to become major luxury boating destinations.

6. “Green” yachts
A big part focuses on Francis Lapp and Sunreef in Poland, building solar/electric catamarans. Their yacht Marie-Joseph uses solar panels integrated into the hull and electric motors, aiming to reduce diesel use.

7. The contradiction
The documentary’s title suggests “Russian oligarch yachts,” but much of it is actually about the wider yacht industry: luxury, sales, chartering, crew life, Saudi/Dubai markets, and eco-yacht technology.

Overall: it’s less a pure investigation into Russian oligarchs and more a documentary about how the superyacht industry is trying to survive bad publicity by moving into new markets and promoting “eco-luxury.”
  4. @Alishagamebum: Very interesting  so many intelligent people in this world !!!
  5. @Alishagamebum: Very luxury life I am happy for them 😊
  6. @Alishagamebum: Wow
  7. @КирилКирилов-щ4к: I suggest you also make a video about American oligarchs and pedophiles and their yachts😂
  8. @manhthinoan1099: do u have a view........
  9. @Azmain23: Electric yachts are stupid in my eyes is the battery dies out the generator needs diesel to run lol
  10. @everything_automotive_sa: Everyone can play the game, why do you complain? Those Yachts are impressive.
  11. @habitus01: If its empty start the generator or hope for son  hahahahahahah
  12. @cliverudman7264: The electric yaught, "100% eco friendly" Anything electric is far from environmentally friendly, just get that straight.
  13. @urosu9161: 04:49 Poland is beautiful
  14. @urosu9161: Oligarch = people who manage putins companies
  15. @budhyangshusen961: Make a documentary on Trumps private club
  16. @bigjumbo9479: It's mad to think I will never in my lifetime even see one of these boats in person let alone step foot on one😢
  17. @tonyclack5901: Why can't you leave out the bs climate rubbish.
If we stopped all holiday and business flights, problem solved then the planet would die.
  18. @miroiboii8936: West are bullies!
Wolves in a sheep skin..
  19. @GreenFrassFrass: They haven't seen my 18 foot Pontoon Boat lol 😂 picked it up for $700 on . marketplace - Alabama - Roll 🌊
  20. @Anonymous-bj7gj: 4:44 

The solution: raise taxes for the peasants

- The Golden Age of Power | Inside a 1950s Classic American Yacht: Kind: captions Language: en There [music] was a time in America when success didn't announce itself. It didn't chase attention. [music] It didn't demand applause. It didn't compete for headlines. It moved quietly across open water. The 1950s were not just another [music] decade. They were reset. A nation had survived global war. Industry had roared back to life. Shipyards that once built [music] naval vessels turned their mastery toward something different, something personal. craftsmanship, [music] freedom, celebration. And from that moment in history, yachts [music] like this were born. Look at her carefully. This is not excess. This is balance. Her hull stretches long and confident, [music] carved from solid mahogany, not molded, not layered in fiberglass shortcuts. Each plank shaped and installed by skilled hands. Each seam sealed and sanded [music] repeatedly. The varnish alone could take weeks. In today's world, speed defines [music] luxury. Back then, time did time invested, time respected, time preserved. [music] Notice the bow. It doesn't rise aggressively like modern performance yachts. It leans [music] forward with intention. Designed to slice through Atlantic swell without drama. That design philosophy [music] tells you everything about the era. Strength without arrogance. Power without [music] noise. And speaking of power, beneath this polished exterior lies [music] twin inboard engines built during a period when American mechanical engineering dominated [music] the world stage. These weren't compact hidden motors managed by digital systems. These [music] were massive cast iron blocks, heavy pistons, mechanical precision systems you could see, hear, and understand. The captain didn't [music] rely on screens. He relied on feel, on instinct, on the subtle change in vibration beneath his feet. That kind of relationship between [music] man and machine is rare today. But step back for a moment. Close your eyes. Imagine it's [music] 1955. The Atlantic is calm. Miami glows [music] in the distance. A warm breeze carries the scent of salt and distant music. On deck, guests dressed in tailored linen and pressed suits gather near the rail. No one is rushing. There are no notifications, no distractions, [music] just conversation, just presents. That was the true luxury of the era. Uninterrupted time. [music] And if you value that kind of timeless American design, make sure you're subscribed. Every week, we explore [music] vessels that defined entire generations. And the next one might challenge everything you think you know about classic yachts. Now, [music] let's step aboard. The deck beneath your feet is teak. Solid, dense, resilient. Each plank laid by [music] hand, cocking lines perfectly aligned. Notice how the wood glows under golden hour light, reflecting hues of amber and honey. [music] There's a subtle warmth to materials like this. They age, they deepen, they develop personality. Modern [music] materials resist time. These embrace it. The deck layout flows organically. [music] Nothing feels forced. Lounge chairs upholstered in cream leather face outward toward the horizon, [music] not inward toward a television because the ocean was the entertainment. The upper helm station sits elevated, commanding, but not overwhelming. [music] Chrome railings curve gently. Brass fittings catch sunlight in sharp glints. In the 1950s, these yachts were more than leisure craft. They were symbols of achievement [music] earned. Business leaders, industrial pioneers, innovators, many found peace offshore, away from boardrooms, away from city noise. But here's what makes [music] this era truly fascinating. Design wasn't disposable. Architects worked [music] with pencil and drafting tables. Calculations were done manually. Prototypes were tested physically, not digitally simulated. Mistakes [music] had consequences, so excellence was mandatory. Step inside the main salon. [music] Immediately, the temperature shifts, not physically, but emotionally. Mahogany panled [music] walls wrap the space in warmth. Brass sconces cast a golden glow across polished surfaces. The [music] windows frame the Atlantic like moving artwork. There's weight in this room, weight in the [music] furniture, weight in the wood, weight in the silence. The lounge seating invites conversation, not spectacle. No massive [music] screens dominate the walls. Instead, there's openness. A low coffee table holds crystal glassware. Perhaps an ashtray. A subtle nod to the era. Imagine jazz playing softly in the background. A record spinning below deck. The clink of ice in a glass. This was not minimalism. This was intentional richness. Now, let's visit the bar. Smaller than modern yacht bars, yes, but infinitely more intimate. The counter [music] polished to mirror like perfection. Chrome footrests reflecting warm light. Bottles arranged [music] carefully, not excessively. An old-fashioned prepared here wasn't a rush transaction. It was ritual. Ice placed with [music] care. Whiskey poured slowly. Bitters measured deliberately. Orange peel [music] twisted over the glass. Luxury was measured in attention to detail. [music] And beneath the salon, the engine room. This is where nostalgia meets raw force. Open the hatch. You hear it first, a steady mechanical rhythm, pistons moving with authority, [music] metal components humming in harmony, gauges glowing softly. There's something almost sacred about vintage [music] machinery. It demands respect. It requires knowledge. It rewards attentiveness. Unlike modern [music] automated systems, these engines trusted the operator, and in return, they delivered decades [music] of reliability. The hull itself was overbuilt, reinforced beyond minimum requirements. Shipyards of [music] the era understood reputation was everything. A failed yet minted damaged name. And in 1950s America, [music] reputation mattered deeply. Now, let's move toward the cabins. The master suite is not oversized by today's standards. Doesn't need to be. It's refined, [music] polished wood surrounds the room. Cream bedding contrasts elegantly against darker paneling. A circular [music] port hole frames the sea like a painting. Morning light filters through gently. Imagine waking offshore in 1958. The yacht [music] rocks softly. Sunlight warms the cabin walls. Somewhere above. Footsteps cross the [music] deck. Coffee is brewing. The Atlantic stretches endlessly beyond. No emails, no meetings, just horizon. [music] That sense of separation from noise from urgency was priceless. [music] And this is why yachts like this endure in cultural memory. They represent a slower America, an America [music] confident enough not to rush. As the day progresses, sunlight dances across chrome railings. [music] Reflections shift constantly along the hull. The wake behind the yacht forms a clean V across deep blue water. Everything feels composed, measured, deliberate. But now [music] watch carefully as evening approaches. This is when the transformation happens. Golden hour settles over the Atlantic. The mahogany deepens in color, glowing almost red. Chrome catches fire and orange light. Shadows stretch across the deck. The yacht becomes cinematic, romantic, alive. And as night falls, something extraordinary occurs. Deck lights illuminate softly. Not harsh LEDs, but warm bulbs casting a gentle halo. The water reflects them like scattered stars. Inside the salon glows warmly through windows. Music drifts outward. Laughter echoes faintly. This is not a party yacht. This is a sanctuary. A floating refuge of design and discipline. And here's the deeper question. Why does this era still captivate us? Perhaps because permanence feels rare today. We upgrade phones yearly, replace furniture quickly, redesign constantly. But this yacht, she was built to last generations, to be maintained, not discarded, to be restored, not replaced. That mindset shaped an entire generation of American engineering, and it shaped vessels like this one. If you believe timeless design still matters. If you believe craftsmanship deserves preservation, then you belong here. Subscribe. Join a community that understands luxury is not volume, it is presence. Because in our next episode, we step into a new chapter of maritime history. A yacht that redefined speed in the late 1960s and shocked traditionalists across the Atlantic. But tonight, we remain here on calm water, under a sky fading from amber to indigo, engines humming steadily below, mahogany glowing softly above, unrushed, uncompromising, unforgettable, just like the America that built her.

  Top Comments:
  1. @rebelliousraven [3 likes]: I want to see real vintage yachts not AI BS
  2. @TomorrowsHomes: i like this yacht🤩
  3. @GutHealthMD: 😍😍😍

- Touring a $100,000,000 Brand New MEGAYACHT with 2 Swimming Pools: Kind: captions Language: en (intense electronic music) - What's up everybody? It's Enes here and welcome to Istanbul, Turkey. On this week's episode, we're touring this newly constructed 263-foot long mega yacht, also known as Tatiana. On the exterior, this yacht was designed by Unique Yacht Design. And on the interiors, H2 paired this yacht with exquisite finishes throughout. The current market value of this yacht is somewhere around 85 million euros. So we're definitely excited for today's episode. Lastly, I want to thank the builder and the shipyard behind this new vessel. Bilgin Yachts for giving us the honor and the opportunity to tour this amazing new yacht, and share it with all of you. And now, let's begin our tour. (upbeat electronic music) On the exterior, the yacht has very sleek and contemporary lines. I love the two-tone color combination. And if you look at the length of this yacht, and compare it to its height, it's a relatively short yacht, because it was designed to be this really streamlined and kind of sporty mega-yacht. I know from the exterior, the yacht looks very exciting, and there are so many more details that we could talk about it. But first I want to bring everybody's attention here to the aft deck on the main level. Right behind me, we have this awesome bar setup, with the bar seating, chrome details throughout. And right across from that, we have this outdoor seating area, which looks super cozy. And right behind that, we have this massive jetted jacuzzi that sits on the rear side of this yacht, it looks super inviting. You have the outdoor seating areas on each side. And if you look closely, right in the center of this jetted jacuzzi, we actually have skylights bringing in natural light to the lower deck. And that's a such a unique, cool detail, that we're gonna see later in the tour. Now, coming back here, we have beautiful teak floors throughout, gorgeous stainless steel deck hardware. And over here, we have a staircase taking us to the bridge deck, which is right above us. Now, lastly, we have this automatic sliding glass door taking us to the salon. Now this part of this yacht is incredible. This room is stunning. We have the seating area right in front of us, but first I want to cover this section here. We have this gorgeous grand staircase, taking us from the beach club, and bringing us here. We're gonna tour that beach club later in the video. We have an additional sliding glass floor on the other side. And as soon as you walk in, you kind of have this landing area here, beautiful European Oak hardwood floors. Built-ins on each side with this mirrored back wall. And as soon as you step this way, you have the salon seating area here. Exquisite furniture set-up throughout, you pretty much have double of everything. Obviously this side of the yacht is extremely spacious. I love the built-in speaker details, recessed-in LED lighting, as well as the subtle mood lighting that we're gonna see throughout the yacht. And focusing this side, we have more built-ins with TV right in the center. And this gorgeous gloss-finished Macassar, with detail that we're gonna see throughout the yacht. Now, of course, we have massive windows bringing a ton of natural light to the space, automatic shades. And this is the area where we sit down, and relax and enjoy the amazing sea views. Now, continuing this way, we have the built-ins extend out. And right behind this TV unit, we have the dining area, beautiful seating set up here, with this custom table that sits 14 people. And right above, we have this crystal chandelier, made by Lasvit, that really frames this room. Obviously, you all can see, this part of the yacht is very spacious. We have massive windows. And focusing on my right-hand side, we have these beautiful woods-linear details, hand-hammered steel panels that we're gonna see throughout the yacht, all made and installed by Bilgin. And over here, to kind of bring some color to this dining area, we have this backlit gorgeous stone. And lastly, Mikey, this is an interesting area to talk about this detail. But if you focus on the floors here, we have the European Oak hardwood floors, additional hardwood floors with this stainless steel inlay and the carpet. And if you look at the ceiling, Mikey, you can actually see that they carried out the same border detail on the ceilings as well. I mean, talking about attention to detail, this is it. Now the last part of this room, dining area, we have this automatic door here opening up the small service hallway. And this door here opens up to the galley. Now this kitchen is built like a commercial kitchen. Everything is clad with stainless steel. We have the first deep sink over here, two Electrolux dishwashers. And in the center, you kind of have your island setup with open shelving. And right behind this island setup, we have the induction cooktops, fryer, oven setup, your microwave. And on this side, we have more uppers base cabinets. And an additional sink. Overall, great size galley that really fits this yacht. Now, going back to the dining room area, we have another door here opening up to a long hallway that takes us to the guests cabins. On my left-hand side, we have the elevator access on this deck. And on my right-hand side, we have this beautiful stainless steel staircase that goes up all the way to the top deck, as well as the lower deck. It's built out of stainless steel. I love the onyx steps throughout, everything is LED-lit, including the vertical lighting on the walls. And right in the center, we have this Crystal Caviar chandelier that really sets the mood as you look towards the staircase. Now over here, we have a day head, or powder room, beautiful stonework throughout, bookmatched right in the center. We have the vanity design here, LED lighting, good sized powder room. Now I want to take everybody back to the hallway. We have this pocket door here, sealing off this section, because this long hallway takes us to four spacious guests cabins. This door right here, goes down to the crew quarters, so there's an easy access. And following here, on my right-hand side, we have the first guest state room. All the guest state rooms in this yacht are so well thought-out, every little detail is perfected. We have beautiful built-in furniture set up here, wood-paneled walls throughout. I love the subtle LED reveal detail on the ceiling. Of course, you have your built-in speakers, recessed lights. We have the recessed-in TV on this side. Walls are clad with leather. And Mikey, we gotta show this detail. You got a nice built-in desk setup, and your wardrobe space, hammered steel details, beautiful wood veneers throughout. I mean, everything is so decked out. And this door opens up to the full bathroom for this guest cabin. Marble throughout, bookmatched everywhere. You have your rain-head, chrome fixtures. Of course, you get a view of the sea as well. And right here, we have the fabricated countertop for this gorgeous vanity design, hidden drain. Polished chrome details throughout, just an amazing bathroom. And this is first of many that we're gonna see throughout our tour. we have another guest state room on this side. This one comes with a double bed setup, right on the other side, you have your TV on the wall. Every bit of surface is clad with some sort of a gorgeous material, whether it's leather, wood paneling, subtle LED lighting, or the plush carpet that we're standing on right now. Obviously sea is right there. You have your automatic shades in every single room in this yacht. Even the built-ins on each side of the bed. Everything is so exquisite. Now I want to take everybody here, this one also has a desk setup. And over here, we have all these built-in wardrobes, again with beautiful wood and steel details. And going through here, Mikey, we have another gorgeous bathroom for this guest state room. Double vanity setup, again, everything is beautifully fabricated, all the way to the ceiling LED-light details. And over here, this one actually comes with a built-in tub setup. Again, marble everywhere, rain-head above, your handheld, literally everything you need. This is amazing. Now let's check out the third one real quick, which is right here, right next to the guest stateroom that we just toured. Again, this one also has a double bed setup. They even have built-in reading lights, wood paneling throughout, again, amazing. You have your TV built-in speakers, wardrobe setup, and you have the full bathroom around the corner. Now, lastly, we have another guest cabin on this side. Pretty much the same finishes, double bed setup. And this one also has a full bathroom. Now, to give everybody a little bit of reference, the first two guests cabins that we toured are on the starboard side, and the last two guests cabins that we toured are on the port side of this yacht. And that's pretty much it for this level. Now let's go back to the salon so we can check out the lower deck. (relaxing music) All right, everyone, here we are at this grand staircase, off of the salon. This is one of the wow moments of this incredible yacht. I mean, look at the marble work here that goes all the way into the walls with the subtle LED lighting. They have the Macassar gloss-finished wood panels, kind of breaking that pattern. This grand staircase looks stunning, and it brings you to the beach club. Now this part of the yacht is very exciting. We have an amazing indoor pool, and we're gonna cover all the other amenities here. But first off, I want to talk about the entry here with this beautiful blue Agate stone detail, your bar seating. And right on the other side, you have your fabricated Carrara-marble bar section there. Behind me, we have this concealed door opening up to a steam room. And continuing our tour, we have this opening here taking us to the massage room. This part of the yacht is all about taking care of yourself, enjoying the amenities that this yacht provides. And it comes with a massage room. You have your sink set up here, and we have one of these hydraulic side decks that folds down, and kind of extends out your outdoor area. You get a little bit closer to the water. It just creates this awesome breeze on the lower deck. And in case you want to benefit from the natural light, but yet you don't want to have the breeze, we have these sliding glass doors closing off these folding down sections. Now going back in, we have another door right here, Mikey, let's take a quick look. And it is the full bathroom on this level. Vanity setup on my right-hand side, marble throughout, all the way to the walls. We have the walk-in shower here, with the hidden drain, rain-head above. I love how sleek this door is, it just kind of disappears into this pattern. Now let's talk about what's behind me, which is this indoor pool area. This pool is 9 meters long, 3 meters wide, and 1.6 meters deep. And the fact that you have this within your yacht is something mind boggling, in my opinion. Even the coping of the pool is clad with marble, you have mosaic inside. And here's another fun fact: when we arrived this morning, they actually had the pool drained because this yacht has tanks that can store the water from the pool and jacuzzis when it's cruising, that way you don't have to splash around any water. You know, I wanted to point this pool out, and Mikey, we have to mention this, right above us, we have skylights that are located underneath the main deck jacuzzi. - [Mikey] Pretty insane. - How cool is that? - [Mikey] Pretty incredible. - I know, right? This is amazing. And behind these wood panel doors, we actually have a couple doors opening up to utility rooms for this yacht, I wanted to mention that. And coming here, this is another incredibly cool detail of this yacht. Ready, Mikey? We have this massive hydraulic door that actually opens up to the lower deck, or the outside F deck. How easy is that? And all of a sudden, now your beach club gets more natural light, has a nice, floating, kind of like a cantilevered roof line above, and opens up to your lower deck where you have your passerelle, and you can access the water. Mikey, why don't you take the route that we just came out, and I want to take the other side so everybody can get a scale of this beach club. I mean, this part of the yacht is certainly very spacious. And going to this side, you kind of have more lounging and seating areas, complimented with two TVs. And right above me, Mikey, we have fiber optic ceilings. How cool is that? - [Mikey] It's like a Rolls Royce. - That's right. Now we have another side hydraulic folding-down deck setup here. Again, brings a ton of natural light to the lower deck. It's just an awesome outdoor space to enjoy. We currently have the railing up. And just like the other side, if you want to block off the wind, but yet allow natural light to come into this space, you have these sliding glass doors. Now I want to tell you guys something about this yacht. Tatiana was custom-built for an owner, and they were so successful with this build, that they ended up building two more sister yachts that have the same kind of layout, but little bit more refined with extra features. And those were also so successful that they ended up selling them. We actually had a chance to see those two other yachts in the shipyard. In fact, we were doing a behind-the-scenes episode for the shipyard on our second channel, Enes Plus, make sure to check that out. Also, they started building the fourth one, which will be for sale in the future, so that's really exciting. Again, we're gonna have an awesome episode on Enes Plus channel. Now, back to here on the lower deck, we just saw the beach club. And within this level, we also have the utility rooms, crew quarters, and the engine room. So why don't we go to the engine room first, and check out what powers this incredible vessel? All right, everyone, here we are in the engine room. This part of the yacht is an immaculate condition, everything is so clean. And as y'all can hear, it's a little bit loud here because we currently have one of the generators running, but you guys get the point, this is the engine room. Now on each side of me, we have these MTU 4,000 series engines, that are capable of producing 3,400 horsepower. And these two engines are pushing this vessel at 19-knots speeds, which is about 22 miles an hour, almost, which is just incredible. And at 12-knots speed, this yacht actually burns only 250 liters of fuel, which makes this yacht very efficient, considering its length and its size. So that's that. - [Mikey] So wait, these look like they take the exhaust over to like some kind of processor over here. - Yes, so these engines, these are the exhaust, Mikey, it takes them to this catalytic converter system, basically, called SCR. And this system right here, makes this engine zero emissions. How crazy is that? - [Mikey] Really? - This massive mega-yacht. - [Mikey] I guess that's more impressive. I was kind of impressed by the size of the air filters, but I guess that's not nearly as impressive as zero emissions, you know? - Everything about it, look at the size here, right? - [Mikey] Yeah. - We also have three generators on this side of the yacht, two on each side, one down below us. And coming in here, this is super cool. We have this dedicated soundproof engineer's room here. That way, you can close this door, it's nicely air conditioned in here. And you can see the condition of the engine, check all your levels, control everything, and make sure this vessel is running smoothly. Now I'm gonna go out to the other side. I know we have another door there, and we're back here. Now, that's pretty much it for the engine room. I mean, it's in amazing condition, they keep it so well, everything is so easily accessible. You can pretty much maintain anything you need here. Now let's jump back to the utility hallway, and continue our tour there. Now getting out of the engine room, let's go check out some of these utility rooms. We have this hallway here. And the first door on my right-hand side opens up to some of the machinery, and the water tanks. And speaking of water tanks, this vessel can hold up to 48,000 liters of fresh water, and 168 tons of fuel, which is insane. I mean, just think about that, for a scale, for a second. And continuing our tour. We have four walk-in freezers here, where they store all their food for the vessel. And continuing here on my left-hand side, we have this door opening up to an hallway that takes us to the crew quarters. Now, when this yacht is fully staffed, it has 23 crew members, and they all have their space, nicely labeled, they have their own kitchen, and living room, and hangout areas. And it's discretely positioned on the lower deck. They kind of have their access points for each level, I wanted to point that out. we have a few other storage rooms here. And the room on my left opens up to the laundry room for this vessel. We have all these commercial washers and dryers, sink setup here. And this last door opens up to the ironing room. Since you wash and dry your clothes on the other side, this is where you prep 'em and make 'em ready. All right, I actually forgot one more room here, which is this one. We have another walk-in fridge. Because where you put all your trash and everything in this yacht? Imagine you can be out at sea for a couple of weeks. You don't want your trash to be rotting, and smelling, and all the time. That's why you have a walk-in fridge dedicated for your trash. So think about that. - [Mikey] A couple of months, maybe, even. - Maybe, maybe, right? it for the engine room, crew quarters, and the utility rooms. But on the lower deck, we actually have another area where we have three VIP state rooms. So now let's go check that out. we are at the bottom of the grand staircase, and it brings us to the lower deck where we have these VIP state rooms, and a couple additional rooms. And we're gonna start our tour here with this door, and it takes us to the gym. I like this room because it's nicely tucked in on this level. You have these beautiful vertical LED-light details that runs all the way to the ceilings. Mirrored wall on this side with a TV right in the center. And they dressed this room nicely with Technogym equipment. And Mikey, let's show around the corner here, we have another pocket door opening up to a beautiful walk-in shower with marble details, rain-head above, and you have your dry sauna right here. Even in the dry sauna, they have LED lighting, nicely built into the seating and underneath, awesome. back here, back to the hallway. And the room next door is the movie theater. This room is extremely cozy. You have your plush carpet on the floors, screen on this side, everything is just beautifully clad with different materials, wood panels, wall sconces, Minotti side tables. I mean, you name it, they have it here. And in fact, you may think these are couches, these are actually electric recliner chairs. So you can really get that movie theater effect. Another thing I want to mention, I know I've been- keep saying this throughout the tour, every little finish, chrome detail, wood paneling, all of it is installed by Bilgen. And they don't really subcontract any of their work. They actually have in-house guys that handles all the marble stone details, polished chrome details, texture throughout. The fact that they install all these different finishes in-house, and finish a yacht like this, is honestly quite impressive. Now, getting back out to the main hallway, there's actually another detail I want to point out. So we have one of the VIP state rooms here, and these are, Mikey, are key codes. Because when they built this yacht, they had chartering in mind. That way, if you charter this yacht, everybody can keep their rooms private. And Mikey, guess how much they can charge for a charter, when you own a yacht like this? - [Mikey] The yacht's 85 million? - This is 85 million euros. - [Mikey] Euro, let's say- - A hundred million dollars. - [Mikey] Let's say weekly, like, half a million a week? - They charge 775,000 to 800,000 euros per week, plus expenses to charter this yacht. Think about that, you have crew, fuel, and all that stuff. - [Mikey] Goals right there, you know? - Goals, right? - [Mikey] A week, that's wild. - That is a lot of money, but it's an 85 million euro yacht. So that's kind of what you get. Now, let's focus on the room, we have twin single beds here. Again, every little detail is beautifully decked out. Look at that gorgeous onyx stone with back-lighting that looks stunning. Again, beautiful wood detail, ceiling panels throughout. And around the corner, we have a full bathroom for the suite. Now this is also really interesting. We have this door opening up to another suite, because in case you're here staying as a family, you can have your kids on the other side. So these two rooms connects, or it doesn't, depending on if you keep the doors locked or not. This one has the double beds setup. Again, another gorgeous stone in the back, beautiful lighting. These rooms are super cozy. And since we're on the lower deck, we're a little bit more closer, and kind of connected to the sea here. Looking at the other side of the bed, we have the recessed-in TV, beautiful built-ins. Mikey, we gotta get a close-up. Look at all these inlays and reveals. And the cabinetry in this yacht is stunning. Let's quickly show this as well. We also have a little desk setup here, complimenting the room. And around the corner, as we're passing by these wardrobes, we have the bathroom here. Beautiful stone vanity, with this hand-hammered sink design, your toilet setup. And around the corner we have the walk-in shower with rain-head, hidden drains. These bathrooms with heated towel racks, I mean, this is incredible. All right, now, getting back out to the bedroom, and continuing our tour, right across, we have another VIP state room on this level. Super spacious, I mean, look how spacious these bedrooms are, this is incredible, right? You have your king-size bed here, reading lights, another gorgeous stone on the back. Wardrobe, desk, connected to the sea. You have your automatic shades. I mean, I really wouldn't mind staying here, and calling this my home, you know? All right, Mikey, last door, opening up to a full bathroom for this room. You have the fabricated sink here out of this beautiful stone, hand-hammered sinks, chrome fixtures. And over this way, we have a generous sized, built-in tub, clad with marble, chrome fixtures, rain-head above, I mean, stunning bathroom. And now I want to take everybody back to the hallway, so that way they can kind of connect the layout here. And here we have the grand staircase again. That's pretty much it for the lower level. Now let's go back up, and check out the bridge deck on the third level. All right, everyone, here we are on the bridge deck. Now we're gonna start from the rear of this yacht, and work our way to the front. On this side, we have this outdoor deck area, super spacious, you have two seating sections facing the backside of the yacht. We currently have the awnings all up. And focusing here, we got this gorgeous outdoor dining area that sits 12 people. Everything just looks so well polished. Again, all these polished chrome details. Materials are executed by Bilgin yachts. And on my left-hand side, we have two bar setups here, one by the cooktop, and the other one with a sink. Again, great outdoor space. And to compliment the entertainment here, right in the center we have this built-in setup here with a marble top that has a pop-up TV. Now we have two sliding glass doors on each side. I'm gonna take everybody here, and let's go check out the sky lounge that we have on this level. It starts right here. As soon as you walk in, you're greeted by this circular seating area, built-in seating setup, marble tables in the center. Something about this room is very cozy. And right above us, they have the circular mirrored ceiling designed with recessed lights, LED mood lighting. That really makes the space cozy. Right on the other side, we have another built-in setup here, with another pop-up TV. Of course you have your built-in speakers. And another cool detail about this section is that the sliding glass floors we have, you can actually pull them, and make the space a little bit more secluded, if you wanted to. Now, right behind me, sky lounge continues. We have a beautiful Porsche pool table here. On one side, we have a Yamaha grand piano, an additional seating area. And over here, we have more seating areas and a small table setup, with beautiful stainless steel chairs. And of course we have massive windows on this level bringing in ton of natural light. And lastly, I gotta talk about this detail. Look at these beautiful hardwood floors with the chevron pattern and the inlay right in the center. Now, last part of this sky lounge, we have the bar area here, again, clad with marble, you have your bar seating. And in front, you actually have this textured stone detail, bar has three wine fridges. And this door right here opens up the small kitchen, or galley, that kind of serves the sky lounge. You have your sink, cabinetry, pretty much everything you need there. And Mikey, why don't you come actually this way? So we can go behind the bar, that's the sky lounge. And this is actually the main door from the staircase. Now I want to continue our tour. We have the elevator here. And of course, on my right-hand side, we have the grand staircase. Mikey, you ready? This door opens up to a day head, half bathroom, stone-clad everywhere, nice sink and vanity, the design. That services the bridge deck. Now this is super interesting. On my right-hand side, we have a private office with a built-in desk setup, some built-ins on the other side. And this hallway opens up to a really exciting room. This is where we have the wheelhouse, or the Captain's quarters. - [Mikey] The brains. - The brains, right? We have two offices here, additional rooms. Captain's additional room on this side. And going through this door, this is the main wheelhouse, or the control house, of this yacht. We have six 24-inch screens, two Captain chairs. This room is very cool and kind of futuristic. And this is where you control this vessel. - [Mikey] Yeah, this is where the magic happens. This is where all the navigating- anything point A to point B. This is where the Captain lives. - That's right, I agree. And now on this room, we have two doors that opens up to the side decks. I'm gonna open this one, and actually take everybody outside. It is little bit windy today, so I hope you guys are not picking up from our mics. We have the wing station here. This is where you control the yacht as you're docking into a marina, that way it's a little bit easy, you can kind of see the edge. And I just love how nicely kind of tucked into the side it is. And continuing here, side deck continues with a teak finish. And right behind me, or right in front of the wheelhouse, we have this awesome outdoor seating area. Everything is, again, nicely tucked in. And we actually have a door here, Mikey, that leads us down, and I want to step here, because this door actually takes us right underneath the bow of this boat. Because we have two massive butterfly doors here, opening up, and on the left-hand side, it stores four jet skis. And it's a hydraulic door that opens, really cool. And on the right-hand side, we have two tenders dedicated for this yacht, built by Castoldi. And the last detail I want to talk about here is that right in the center of the bow, or on the front of the yacht, we actually have this metal pole that extends up, where it signals out a light at night. That way everybody knows that your yacht is right there. It's kind of like a warning signal for anybody that may not see your yacht. And I mean, the bow of this boat is incredible. It's a perfect spot for you to relax, lounge, you know, do yoga, whatever you want to do. And that's pretty much it for the bridge deck of this yacht. Now let's go inside and check out the owner state room. All right, everyone. Now we are at the top level, owner's deck. I'm gonna start our tour on the left-hand side of here to check out the lounge area for this level. It's nice and spacious, we have two chairs on this side, drop-down TV here. And right above me, we have skylight, bringing natural light to the space. And you even have your privacy shades here in case you want to darken this room. This may look like a nice padded wall with brass inlays, it's actually a Murphy bed that can drop down, that way you have two people sleeping here, if you need to. Of course, since you're on the front side of the yacht, you have massive windows looking towards the views, automatic curtains throughout, including this door right here. In fact, why don't we hit the door right here and go outside, check out the front of the owner's deck. You have an additional outdoor seating here. Right in the center, this awesome hot tub setup with a glass front, again, complimenting the owner's deck. Now closing these doors, I want to take everybody back inside, and bring you guys to the staircase access. Going to the other side, we have another pocket door here, takes us to the owner suite, starting here. Let's check out the bathroom, beautiful marble throughout. They used it on the walls as well, nicely bookmatched. You have two drop-in sinks, round mirrors. And over here, you have your tub setup, again, clad with this stunning marble. You have your walk-in shower there, chrome fixtures, rain-head above. I mean, these bathrooms are like luxury home bathrooms. It's incredible that you're on a yacht right now. It's hard to think, you know? Now, we have dressing rooms on the other side, as well as here, pretty much a replica. You have all this storage space. And in case you were wondering, since we were on the yacht, everything is on a lock, in a- some sort of a magnet mechanism. That way when you close something, it doesn't wobble or it doesn't open as you're cruising. Now, going through here, we have another automatic sliding door opening up to the owner's bedroom. We have the king-size bed on the right-hand side, room is extremely spacious. We have a small table setup facing the windows. And on the left-hand side, we have an awesome built-in seating section right next to the windows for you to sit down, and relax, and enjoy the views. And focusing here, to the bed setup again, I love this padded back, worldly designed with the brass inlay, you have your reading light. Macassar wood detail that we've been seeing throughout. And this wallpaper design here is actually made out of straws, which is super unique. You know, they mentioned that to me. So, really cool pattern there. Bed has all built-in LED lighting throughout. you have your TV setup. Over here, you can probably put an additional TV. Even the ceilings here, they did this nice, layered detail, with mood lighting, built-in speakers. This is phenomenal, this is the owner's state room. You pretty much have everything you need here, including your bathrooms, lounge areas. I mean, you name it, this room has it. - [Mikey] You know what the nicest part about it is? - This is it. - [Mikey] No. - What is it? - [Mikey] It's that you can move it anywhere you want in the world. - Well, that's also true, obviously that's the benefit of having a yacht, right? - And now I'm gonna put my glasses on again, because we have these automatic sliding glass doors opening up to the Aft deck on this level. More outdoor seating, you have another amazing lounging area, right at the end. They currently have the awnings attached. You can actually see a massive GPS radar system above us. This is just an awesome outdoor space dedicated to the owner's suite. (upbeat music) That's it for the tour. What an amazing yacht. I want to congratulate Unique Yacht Design and H2, for doing a phenomenal job with the design elements of this yacht. And I also want to congratulate Bilgin Yachts with the phenomenal execution, and the build of this incredible vessel. Over the last few days, we had a chance to spend time with Bilgin Yachts team. Their enthusiasm and their attention to detail is really apparent, and it certainly reflects into the yachts that they built. I also really want to thank them for giving us the honor, and the opportunity, to tour their amazing new vessel. As always, you can find more information about this yacht, and Bilgin Yachts, down in the description of this video. Lastly, if you enjoyed the video, just make sure to give us a like, subscribe to our channel, and we'll see you guys next week.

  Top Comments:
  1. @EnesYilmazer [105 likes]: We just toured Tatiana's new sister yacht LEONA, click here to watch the full tour: https://youtu.be/FhpK75zIIys?si=xqxu2jnR45bLLt5I
  2. @JesusisLord2023 [1 likes]: ❤❤❤❤❤
  3. @bozenajencek: :face-blue-wide-eyes:
  4. @mimcag5085: Where did this money come from? It's best not to ask.
  5. @JesusisLord2023: ❤❤❤❤❤
  6. @francesiadams7723: Beautiful  Yacht very well done tour Enes , Does he rent  this out ? Wow I could get use to this. Enes did not know you show Yacht and love love your accent
  7. @BlancaGamboa-tz4ij: I love yacht every time I see one I stop screaming
  8. @groxxeno1202: Bro's yacht looks like it was put under sanctions 💀
  9. @luisvelazquez942: Right now I’m in my yacht looking to buy a bigger yacht, but this one is too small for me , I’m keeping looking tomorrow after I wake up from my dream
  10. @HollisJones-t8c: 🎉 very nice
  11. @secretagentman007: This is the most gaudy thing I've ever seen 😂 you could give me $2 trillion and i still wouldnt want this fkn thing
  12. @PrinceOfAllTheAngels: It just looks like an Apple store. Not enough rich dark wood, no vintage-inspired interior decor, few real paintings; everything's so slick and white and modern like a McMansion on the water. Some of the decor items look straight from IKEA. It could be a lot more if it weren't so new-money and flashy.
  13. @0_grid: dont think residential house interior designers can compete with these. amazing use of space
  14. @juliuschukwu189: It lacks a helipad to be complete for the the super rich that can afford it
  15. @hoodatdondar2664: It would be funny if one of those Greek shipping magnates bought this yacht, and christened her, “Constantinople”.
  16. @hoodatdondar2664: I would demand two helipads.😀
  17. @sky.rim.ls.: Okay let's say you own this yacht how much is it per week? 

He didn't make himself clear there tbh.

You're paying upto 23 staff & need essential items such as food & fuel. Seems like a dastardly amount still.
  18. @ian4675: Love your tours.  Very thorough and professional. Thanks.
  19. @traciannveno: The Italian ones are more beautiful.
  20. @honestabe1940: You know the definition of a Yacht right? A hole in the Water you pour money into!

- INSIDE OCEANCO'S AWESOME 105 METER SUPERYACHT "H": Kind: captions Language: en foreign [Music] secrets in yachting project H was recently unveiled to the world at a spectacular launch ceremony [Applause] thank you at 105 meters in length this is one of the largest superyachts in the world certainly in the top five percent but it wasn't just the size that had impact on the invited guests and the media it was also the beauty of a design that shows such elegance and restraint such an awareness of proportions and perspective that from the moment of her perfectly choreographed birth her impact would leave a deep impression in every corner of the yachting World stirring excitement and a thirst for more information amongst everybody and anybody who appreciates the beauty of design and the intelligence of engineering if you are such a person prepare to have your thirst quenched because this is not just the presentation of a very beautiful yacht it's not even just the presentation of a very large yacht because with project H oceanco have unveiled what is probably the greatest example of upcycling the world has ever seen this is not the first time that oceanco have astonished the world with a yacht far from it in the year 2000 they launched a 95 meter long super yacht with no less than three engines of 10 000 horsepower each making her not only one of the largest yachts in the world at the time but also one of the fastest in that size range with a top speed of over 25 knots incredible as it may sound ocean go have now taken that yacht and threw a painstaking process of research and redesign transformed her into a more modern efficient and frankly appealing vessel that is fit for the Modern Age this involved a total re-story of the entire engineering package a complete redesign and rebuild of her exterior and interior and an extension of her Hull to incorporate features that would make her stand out even in the modern lineup of 100 meter plus super yachts so let's start with the engine room and this area of the Yachts was our particularly great priority ocean go have long been committed to making subiot construction and ownership more sustainable and let's face it three ten thousand horsepower engines installed 20 years ago is not exactly the best solution as far as sustainability is concerned not only that but oceanco regularly analyzed the way that owners are using their yachts and the truth is that most owners simply don't need all of that speed all of the time they far prefer long distance cruising at more conservative speeds and in greater comfort so those engines had to go and at that point they decided to replace everything relating to the power of the yacht the result is nothing short of sensational two MTU 4000 series engines power project H to a still very respectable top speed of 18 knots and now a range of 6 000 nautical miles can be achieved at a cruising speed of 14 knots a conversation to the engines would be a great disservice to this yacht four huge Scania generators were installed plus an emergency generator and everything was subjected to an exhaust filtration system to massively reduce carbon emissions in the yachting industry this is known as being tier 3 compliant rebuild I wanted to show you through the deck because everything you see here is brand new everything is state of the art modern equipment deck is like walking through the corridor of a hospital it is so clean and well organized here we find the Chile unit for the air conditioning easy and generous access to the chilled water manifold expansion tanks boilers a Hammond sewage water treatment plant an entire area dedicated to pumps plenty of access to the tanks of course the biggest water maker I have ever seen a fresh water manifold and a fresh air system for the HVAC interestingly this system brings in fresh air from outside the vessel filters it dehumidifies it sets it to a temperature of 18 degrees and feeds it to The Cabins naturally each area of the yacht can then modify the temperature according to their requirements um and on the subject of the cabins I have to say that the look of both the interior and the exterior design is an absolute tribute to Raymond Langton design who are tasked with the job of completely renewing the image of this super yacht and what an amazing job they did these sweeping lines and subtle curves of the superstructure create a symphony of aesthetic Elegance of Beethoven magnificence that will undoubtedly stand the test of time as successfully as the works of the Great Master himself this is a study of proportion and practicality rarely seen on this scale where each area Blends into the next and yet each area has a specific purpose a reason for being offering opportunities to the owner and to his guests lengthening the Yachts to a total length of 105 meters allowed not just for a better whole performance but also an optimization of space from the touch and go helipad on the bow all the way to that expansive swim platform at the transom but we'll be talking in more detail about the transom area a little later because there is some real magic taking place there but first let me show you through the Otters if you were here with me you know I can't show you every single area of the yacht the owner's stateroom for example is reserved for private viewings for whoever eventually buys the yacht it is so close to completion that as we look around you'll see certain areas with protective covering on it other areas with little tapes here and there where a tiny defect has been found that's not acceptable to the ocean code quality control departments they will not be content until every millimeter is perfect we're actually quite privileged to see the yacht at this point before anybody else has seen it on board as I said I can't show you everything but what I can show you is an example of a super design and construction at its very best starting with this huge after deck now underneath that canopy is a swimming pool that's seven meters by three and a half meters the floor has a lifting mechanism so that you can actually adjust the depth of the pool or you can have a flush deck for an incredible party yacht now the party potential project H is something we'll go into a little bit later but first let's take a look inside inside to What's called the welcome Lounge now I hardly know where to start here we could start by talking about this exquisitely designed bar where crew will serve you welcoming drinks when you get on board the yacht or we could talk about this remarkable and unique coffee table but but no let's talk about this at the moment on screen it's showing a recording of the launch of the yacht but actually there's a camera fitted to the outside so it could be showing actually what's going on outside of the yacht so that guests feel that they have a huge porthole there where they can see their surroundings but let's not even talk about that let's talk I have never seen anything like this in my life full height television walls creating such a sense of occasion when guests enter the yacht these are 10 and a half meters long 2.1 meters high they have a one and a half millimeter pixel pitch with 12 and a half million pixels and the lead you here to the salon I mentioned earlier that Raymond Langton are responsible for the design and often it's the subtle details that come together to make an area so special just look at the layers in the ceiling the Magnificent detailing of the wall panels the way that the storage areas are concealed behind gorgeous backlit etched glass moving further forward though we have this huge lobby area with an elevator and we find the guest accommodation there are six guest staterooms in this area but before I show one of them to you let me show you this rather cool feature that's outside each of the staterooms this panel tells the guest the temperature outside the weather forecast the itinerary you could even have the menu of the day displayed inside each guest cabin is well I've been using too many adjectives in this presentation so I think I'll just be quiet and let the pictures do the talking Lounge now there's so many details to take in here but I'll mention a few we have storage areas here with what appears to me to be a mother of pearl finishing we have a gorgeous formal dining table with Crystal caviar lighting above it to Infinity mirrors a wonderful accommodating comfortable seating area and this now it's one thing to talk about engineering sea keeping styling layouts these are all things that oceanco our world leaders at this coffee table is one of the reasons that this is truly an extraordinary super yacht so much of the furniture that you see from the coffee table in the welcome Lounge to this amazing piece of work here was designed by Raymond Langton and then built by a top end furniture manufacturer it's totally unique further aft still and we find this wonderful let's say less formal dining area you see that we pass here from the ornate flooring of the Interior to Teak deck and that's because this whole aft section and part of the sides open up so that you can enjoy Alfresco dining Alfresco dining followed by if you wish the viewing of a movie at your own personal Outdoor Cinema and when you're not watching a movie this entire unit folds down to form a spacious Sun pad thank you foreign from here you can access the bridge deck actually this deck can be reserved for truly VIP guests effectively this is a private Terrace for the VIP stateroom and inside there's a sitting room and well just take a look as the name bridge deck would suggest that the forward end of the yacht is the bridge with completely state-of-the-art navigational equipment but also more than enough space to spread a paper chart out if you wish to the captain's cabin is up here too now I can't show you the crew accommodation firstly because there are so many crew on board living and working but also because to be frank in two days of filming it's impossible to show you every area of one of the world's largest Yachts we can though make a quick detour here the galley and this is quite extraordinary but behind the the wow factor there's some serious Hardware including two pizza ovens two rationale ovens and the chef tells me that that is the oven to have there's a walk-in fridge and freezer this is called a salamander and it's for really finishing off your steaks this is called a plancher and then here we have two Deep Fat fryers above a huge extraction system and even in dedicated fire suppressant system moving on this is a Hobart industrial washer we even have a dumb waiter to keep your plate of fine cuisine warm as it passes through the decks after this quick detour let's check out the sun deck and here we start to get a hint of the water toy storage on board the yacht we have two smaller tenders on this deck two large tenders on the main Deck with two jet skis inboard of those plus another smaller Woods toy storage area that we'll be looking at a little later inside this deck is dedicated to a gymnasium complete with techno gym equipment was that the after end is the emergency generator outside at the forward end is a very spacious Spa tub whilst aft is this rather Pleasant seating area but that's not all that is here I noticed as we walked around the yacht these Chrome plaques positioned in the boardwalks of the decks now those steel plaques are covering Outlets that you can plug high capacity loud speakers into or better still a DJ can plug his deck into it for the most amazing party imaginable can you picture that it makes Nicky Beach seem like black fall Beach in my opinion the pistol a resistance of this super art is hidden out of sight from the vantage point of the upper deck because those same guests that enjoy dancing the night away above deck below deck can enjoy simply the most magnificent private beach club imaginable this is such a great way to enjoy the water and the waterfall feature on the transom now typically you may swim around and re-enter the yacht from the side door but we'll walk you through this weight pass the water toy storage to show you this simply fantastic Beach Club area where you can hang out and enjoy the fresh Sea Air I must say that it has been an absolute honor to have been allowed to fill me out of this magnitude and to show her to you I said at the beginning that this is one of the greatest examples of upcycling the world has ever seen and this from a shipyard that has built some of the greatest Yachts that the world has ever seen from alphanero to Bravo Eugenia from Jubilee to Black Pearl Yachts that have made the history of our industry but project H marks a new chapter in Ocean Coast history a new chapter in yachting history because when you can take an existing vessel and reconstruct it as completely as this making an entirely new yacht with more Sustainable Solutions on board when you can take the soul of an existing yacht and inject into its new life new youth new Vigor new sustainable energy then you know that you have cemented your place in yachting greatness and that place is right at the top

  Top Comments:
  1. @LoraSummer [1 likes]: Never expected the engine of an yacht can look so beautiful! The mechanical rooms are stunning.
  2. @user-wx3so6pd5g [1 likes]: I stopped watching your videos, cause you talk too damn much. Stick with the basics. Come in on the aft deck, tour, the main salon, Galley, and any main deck state rooms. Then go below and show us all the state rooms there. Then go up to the bridge and onto the sky lounge or Sun deck. Then go down to the crew quarters and the engine room. That’s all we wanna know. We don’t need a two hour sermon of all the other bullshit you talk about. If you want a perfect way on how to do a video watch Nick with aquaholic
  3. @stevegold7307 [1 likes]: You NEVER, EVER, sacrifice speed!!!
  4. @davida.faulder7280: I want one.
  5. @currencytrader4389: Can you imagine thhe original yacht going by you at 25-30knots? That would be an amazing yacht.  But no helipad??
  6. @TheSunseeker007: The most harmonious Yacht ever . Everything is in harmony with the entire Yacht . Perfect Elegance !
  7. @lasarith2: The people who designed this boat , could do apartments or mansions.
  8. @VibeSadeness: Как же Электроника выдаёт тот факт что это яхта давно устарела эти огромные пиксели на экранах выглядят просто ужасно😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
  9. @JoeBlow-s1c: Wowwee wowwee woowoo
  10. @cinhh: Those screens are so tacky.
  11. @CASHKEZ: they aint doin it like the dutch do it
  12. @Spongebob-z6u: I've been accused of being a piece of work...lol.😂😂😂
  13. @NVPrepper: Ai
  14. @everything_automotive_sa: Beautiful piece of engineering brother. That is a Goddess.
  15. @tomkaraitiana6136: Awesome  bro, you certainly know what's  what when it comes to super yachts.
  16. @cruise35able: The Reality Behind the 10.5Meter Video Wall

This massive video wall, connecting the main lobby and the corridors of the H3, represents one of the most advanced display systems currently found in the yachting industry.

Technical Capability : Broadcasting footage from underwater cameras or submarine-mounted lenses onto this 10.5meters long 2.1meters high video wall is not only technically possible—it is a core design intent.

Content Versatility:

Submarine Streaming: For a "Giga-yacht" of the H3 class, a data link with a submarine (via acoustic modem or fiber-optic cable) allows the massive wall to be filled with real-time, deep-sea footage, just like on the Kismet.

Underwater Cinematic Experience: By transmitting wide-angle feeds from hull-mounted cameras, drones, or ROVs (Remotely Operated Vehicles) onto the 10-meter display, guests are treated to an overwhelming sense of immersion, as if the entire yacht were traveling through the depths.

The Reymond Langton Style: * Designer Reymond Langton treats displays as "architectural elements" rather than mere televisions. Consequently, when not in use for video, the H3’s video wall transforms into "digital marble" or kinetic artworks, blending seamlessly into the interior architecture.
  17. @Helbore: I'll take two, please.
  18. @joaoalegrio6433: The project H it's not a new yacht but a stretched one. They took the 95M old yacht, cut it and extended it by 10m
  19. @DemetKonak-w2xMasonRothschild: MASON KING NAT ROTHSCHILD MASON QUEEN Loretta ROTHSCHILD
  20. @ridwanmanurung2715: I think must be learning to Malaydesh malaysia 🇲🇾,how to build a ship. As you know, Prophet Noah is learning to build a ship from Malaydesh malaysia 🇲🇾 😂😂

- Inside a $20,000,000 Luxury SuperYacht | Majesty 140 Super Yacht Tour: Kind: captions Language: en welcome back to the yacht addiction youtube channel the yacht behind me is a majesty yachts 140. now officially this yacht is 141 feet we've been given access to do a full tour of this super yacht today so let's go ahead and get started so right at the back you do have a hydraulic swim platform and then under this transom door you have a little beach club area so you have some freestanding tables and chairs then this door will lead us to the engine room but we'll check that out last you can head up into the aft deck from either side where you'll find two different antique tables with some u-shaped seating that wraps around you notice you get extra space off the side decks because these areas will fold down and you also have this feature on the opposite side and you can see what it looks like with the teak now if we step forward we will make our way into the main salon majesty has done an incredible job making this space both a modern design but also timeless there's a tv behind this panel and you have large windows on either side that give you tons of natural light in this space you can see here is the formal dining room where you have a setting for 10. this yacht does sleep up to 10 guests and 7 crew if we move forward on the port side this will bring us to the galley looks like you have miele appliances on this one really good size double sink wine fridge looks like a miele espresso or coffee machine i've never seen that before and then obviously you have all of your refrigerators and freezers there's a little dinette space right here and very quickly we're going to quickly look at the crew area we're not going to look at all of the cabins but down here this is where the main six will stay so you have bunk rooms in all of these spaces this is a really good sized crew area you have a little desk good-sized closets and then the ensuites and this is a wet room the captain's cabin is up actually behind the bridge so six crews sleep down here and the captain sleeps upstairs i think we will wrap around this leads us back into the main salon and then there is a side access door here so this sort of acts as a foyer because you have the staircase going up and down right here but you do have a main deck master as you'd expect before we get there here is the day head the lights light up automatically and through this door is the master cabin starting with this dressing table you have a huge walk-in closet you have seating over here and then of course your king bed and this is such an amazing feature you have a little private oasis out here with two sliding glass doors there's not furniture out there currently but obviously you could put a couple of chairs and a little coffee table out there and then the ensuite is forward you have a large rainfall shower and bench you do have a full-size tub in here and then your double vanity i believe in here is the toilet so that is the master cabin really well laid out and if we head down these stairs this will bring us to the guest cabins so like i said those lights lit up automatically there's some storage right here you have a large bed in here great big windows and a dressing table large closet or closets i should say and then here is the ensuite and similar to all the other tvs they're sort of hidden behind this glass panel so this can act as a mirror or the tv you have another vip cabin right here it's very similar to the last one i think they're actually identical and then moving forward we have a couple of single beds in here and i believe these can be moved together if you want to form a larger queen bed and here is the ensuite for this room and i also noticed this really cool storage feature up here we have mirrors behind here and different shelves for storage both really great from a design perspective it looks really nice but it's also functional and then here is the last gas cabin so those are all of the cabins now if we head upstairs this will lead us to the pilot house there are side access doors on both sides of this room little sofa area and table if you want to join the captain while you're underway you have this feature up in the ceiling take a look at this home station you can see the camera system for the yacht and also you can monitor a bunch of systems from up here as well i like the forward leaning windshield very aggressive looking i think it looks pretty sharp then like i said the captain's cabin is actually up here behind the bridge and this cabin is just as nice as any of the other guest cabins look at that they have a little office space and then the head we'll check out the bow later on in the tour i think we'll do all the interior spaces first so i think this is another day ahead yep then if we go through this door so there actually was a client in the sky lounge so let's actually look at the valve first here is a wing station and you'll have one of these on the opposite sides as well you can see we're sort of hanging out farther than the rest of the yacht so you get a good look when you're backing into a slip and then if we step forward to the bow area you have some beautiful teak tables seating area that wraps around this table and you also have jet ski storage up and those get released into the water with this crane right here in the middle and then the bell is forward you can see the sky deck steps actually go down and that leads you to the main deck side deck so whether or not the sky lounge has been cleared i think we'll just take a quick look either way behind this door there's a bar that leads into the sky lounge so the crew can serve the guests in the sky lounge from behind in this area so you see you have some refrigeration back here a little cooktop in a sink and some refrigeration so the sky deck is still occupied so we're going to head down these steps i was talking about and this leads us back to the app deck that's steps so if we head up here this is the aft bridge deck you have a circular table out here a sink and bar area and some nice bar stools these double doors lead to the sky lounge we've been trying to get to but we'll continue on here is the sun deck you have a really good size hot tub back you can see right here is another crane and this is where you store your tender there's another bar with bar stools that i wrap around it looks like you have multiple places to cook up here you have a large seating area around this teak table this looks like it could fit all 10 guests on here you have even more seating up here i believe it is it's a really big pop-up light normally you see them they're about that big and they just twist up obviously this is much more heavy duty [Music] and then in here it's just a storage closet for the crew overhead there's a hard top in the middle but you have two different soft sections and both of these can retract so you can really open up the sun deck and on this side you have a day head up here so no matter where you are on the yacht you don't have to travel far if you need to use the restroom it's good so if you wave your hand here the door opens up and we finally got the sky lounge cleared you have a gorgeous seating area up here like i said everything feels modern yet timeless you have another tv behind this mirror and then here's the bar i was talking about where the crew can serve you from behind this section so we've seen the bridge deck so let's stay out of their way so we'll travel over to the engine rooms but we'll just take a different path to do so back in the dining and main salon you can see there's touch buttons for open and close now you can access the engine room through this section here but because the beach club door is open i think we'll just walk back through there so you have some engineering spaces in there is a backup hatch if you need to use it and then here are the engines on the super yacht you have a pair of mtu 16v 2600 horsepower engines your top speed is right around 20 knots you can cruise at 16 and if you drop the speed down to about 10 knots you can actually travel 4 000 nautical miles obviously this is an ocean crossing capable vessel you can see these two kohler generators and then forward through here this looks like a crew space you have your laundry facilities a sink these stairs lead up to that door in the aft deck i was talking about this is just a great storage and lazarette area and you have more freezers down here too so i think we're going to end the tour right here on the aft deck thank you to majesty yachts for setting up this tour this yacht will be listed down in the description below in a couple different places if you want to see it in more detail let me know what you thought of the super yacht in the comment section down below and we'll catch you next time thanks for watching

  Top Comments:
  1. @johnhickman2915 [136 likes]: I love this yacht,  I've seen several videos on her and I can watch them over and over,  GREAT JOB 👍  thanks for the tour
  2. @ShaneKelsey-m4c [1 likes]: 💕shein cal's 🎉 kelseyshades 🎉 💕
  3. @wooferl7 [1 likes]: The price vs the functionality of this yacht is well worth it. The layout makes this so much better than some yachts over one hundred million. Beautifully done with this one
  4. @DanielJones-w5k3m: thanks for the tour. i was honestly surprised how loud the cabinets and doors sounded when they closed. a lil trim or soft close detail would prob make a big difference.
  5. @scottb02: I hate...hate...hate it when you RUSH through the showing. I realize that you're trying to respect other people that are also viewing the ship but you really slow it down. There were times when you were going so fast I didn't even know what room we were in. Just my thoughts...😀
  6. @BrittanyClem-f3y: Obsessed ! So pretty omg
  7. @BrittanyClem-f3y: So stunning
  8. @symon-smith: Over priced
  9. @drpamelatomcruise4517: 🧛like bla what are all these people doing on my yacht
  10. @nightrunner-2005: Still 495 view to the 1m
  11. @HollyGrublesky-y4n: Im in a lot of emotional pain I need to coup up and find in my love.  Needing you home p missing you.  So sorry as I chose UCLA.  I love you.
  12. @HollyGrublesky-y4n: Stay out of my life Colleen you sick as
  13. @HollyGrublesky-y4n: I'll move on goodbye.  Watch 5 shades.
  14. @HollyGrublesky-y4n: NOoooo
  15. @HollyGrublesky-y4n: Cassie
Brenda M L
Diddy daughters
Jennifer Lopez 
Holly R G
Colleen R G
Final list
  16. @HollyGrublesky-y4n: Cassie 
P daughters
Holly Grublesky 
Colleen Freakes Grublesky
Jennifer Lopez 
Oogie Page 
Guest list
  17. @HollyGrublesky-y4n: Cassie 
P daughters
A room for me and p
And Colleen.
Guest list
  18. @christopherthorkon3997: If I had the money I would buy this and then I would just cruise in it with my friends all summer long.
  19. @reycajucom5030: Absolutely stunning opulence huge VESSEL!!! W😮W!!! BRILLIANT IDEAS. FANTASTIC CRAFTSMANSHIP!!!❤😮🎉
  20. @jwhit3849: Nice boat!  One question:  where is the trash held?  If you go "across the pond" and you have two weeks of trash, I'm thinking you have to keep it cool so it doesn't stick to high heaven.  Thoughts?

- Inside One of the Most Iconic Sailing Yachts in the World!: Kind: captions Language: en (soft violins playing) (waves crashing against rocks) - Well, one thing that makes Shenandoah unique is the fact that she's 120 years old, and she's still floating. She's endured the ages. Two world wars, and she's still living through time. (wind blowing and waves crashing) - [Enes] Stepping aboard Shenandoah in the historic waters of the Mediterranean is an experience that rivals anything this lifetime has to offer. (soft violin music continues) Navigating this 120 year old vessel in the same waters that our ancestors first traveled with goods, news, and culture gives Shenandoah an almost holy aura. Her level of craftsmanship and beauty is unlike anything that we see today, and coupled with a rich and long history, Shenandoah should be considered a eight wonder of the maritime world. - You know, I still get goosebumps when I lift up the anchor, and we hoist the sails on this boat. And, you know, there's definitely adrenaline pumping around the crew as we're hoisting the sails and getting everything moving, and you hear the sails flapping in the background (sails flapping) and things start to tighten up, and the lines coming under pressure. You lean over and the breeze comes on the beam and off she goes, and that feeling is never gonna get boring. - Pull it big. (music takes on a dramatic, excited energy) Pull it big, pull it big. Pull it big. (boat swishing through the waves) Pull that in, pull that in, pull that in, pull. (music continues playing inspiring notes) (wind whistling) (dramatic music continues) (horns play a harmonic final note) - Shenandoah is a three-masted schooner delivered in 1902. It's 178 foot long, 8.3 meter beam. It's 178 gross tons, and it has four guest cabins, including the owner state room. It's pretty awesome. - [Mikey] Yeah, this is incredible. I don't know if Enes just said it in the intro, but we are in Sardinia off the coast of Italy. This is where this boat is currently anchored. It's a beautiful day and it's a beautiful yacht. - Absolutely. We've been sailing. We've been enjoying the scenery here. It's been pretty awesome few days, and I wanna start our tour here on the aft and work our way all the way to the bow. Now, this yacht has over 120 years of history, and so many of its parts and components are all original. Obviously, it's been refurbished and restored, and that's why I'm so excited to kind of go over the top deck and show you guys all these details. Now, on the stern, we have the Shenandoah name, and if you look at this yacht from the outside, you can see this beautiful gold line separates the upper deck from lower deck, and it has this rich deep blue color, which gives this yacht a very, very timeless look. Now, like I mentioned, at the beginning, this is a three-masted schooner yacht, which means, sails are actually parallel to the yacht rather than being perpendicular. So, I wanted to explain that before we move on. Now, coming here, we have beautiful teak floors that goes all the way to the bow. Right here, we have the helm station. This steering wheel is original from 1902, and over the years with all the restorations and refits this yacht has been through, they managed to keep this steering wheel and it looks awesome. This is where you steer this incredible yacht, and yesterday we had a chance to take this boat out on sailing, and it was sensational. They even let me control the helm, and I don't know, it was so much fun. - [Mikey] Yeah, it's incredible. We're gonna actually go out later this afternoon, also. So, y'all are gonna see some more of those shots. - Absolutely, and look at some of the details here, with the carvings and 1902. Everything has over 10 coats of varnish. You have your compass here, your navigation system, and two years ago, this yacht went through a full electronic refit where they brought all the new technologies, navigation systems and all that good stuff. Coming here, we have the engine control. I mean, look at this. This is amazing. Look at the dials and how authentic and timeless this looks. - [Mikey] It's like something you would see in a maritime museum, really. Incredible, just incredible. Let's continue our tour. We have the first companionway here. This roof assembly actually slides, which makes this opening a little bit bigger, so you can go down, and you can access the nav station and two crew quarters, which are the rooms for the captain and chief officer. You can access it from this opening. Now, continuing our tour, another super cool detail that we're gonna see throughout this deck are these skylights, and you heard me correctly. These are actually skylights, bringing natural light to the salon and all the guest cabins we have below this deck. They allow these cabins to get natural light and fresh air. And, can we get a close up? Look at these bronze hinges. They have this really cool copper-like patina, it ages so well, and we're gonna see these bronze details all around us. Pretty cool. Coming here, we have some of our rigging set up here. Pins, pulleys going all the way to the mast, and to explain a little bit more in detail how sailing yachts work. Basically, you have the mast in the center, and once the pressure's on the sails, you have all these lines almost distributing the weight and pressure of the mast to the yacht on both sides, and that's why you have all these pulleys and mechanisms that I'm gonna try to explain as much as possible throughout this tour. Now, let's step down for a second. We have the mizzen here, and you can actually see the bottom of the mizzen once we go down to the lower level, which is super cool. These blocks are even original from 1902. During the restoration process, they have basically shipped, refinished these blocks and put 16 layers of varnish, and they still function to this day, which is incredible. we have the cockpit. Staircase on our right hand side goes down to the salon, and we have all this countertop space here. Small fridge, and this section opens up to your outdoor dining area and built in seating. You have a foldable table here. Walls of glass, where you can actually crank them down to open up and get more ventilation here, or you can close 'em up and make this section a little bit more protected. This is where we have our meals. We had an awesome breakfast here, great dinner last night, and it's just a cozy spot to sit down, relax, enjoy the scenery, and if you want, they can even take this top off for you. So, you have this space little bit more open, get better visibility, and yeah, just a cool spot. When we had breakfast here this morning, it's hard not to feel like James Bond or something, you know? - It's pretty iconic. - [Mikey] For sure. - All right, let's continue our tour. Again, teak decking all around. Mikey, can we get a close up. Another detail I wanna talk about. On the edge, we have this beautiful, built in drain setup, and they used a different type of wood here, and you can see the drains with the bronze cover plates. I mean, it's incredible, the condition of this yacht, it's impeccably maintained. So, I wanna give big hats off to the crew of Shenandoah for just taking care of this amazing vessel. Now, let's take everybody here, so we just toured the cockpit. By the way, we have a lot of different toys on board. They have a laser here, few sea bobs, paddle boards, eFoil, everything you need. Since it's a charter yacht, they can still offer you these other water sports besides sailing, but personally, if I charter this boat, I will sail it all day every day, because it's so much fun. - [Mikey] Yeah. Do you have some kind of a special connection to sailing, since you used to be a windsurfer? I mean, for 12 years of my life, I've enjoyed wind and sea every single day, and something about harnessing the power of wind and putting it into a board or a sail yacht, and driving it. It's just a sensational feeling. You're out on your own, it's quiet, it's peaceful. It's very relaxing, and that's why sailing and windsurfing has this like really, really big deep following, you know? - [Mikey] Yeah, and if anyone's watching this video out there that has been on a motor yacht before, maybe that's your thing, and you've never been on a sailboat. I would highly recommend it because there's something just totally different about it. It does just feel like primordial almost, you know. You're harnessing a element of nature to propel you forward. - It's way more engaging of an experience. You're on board, you see the crew running around, pulling the sail. You can see the sailboat keeling, and I mean, yesterday, we literally had the rail in the water. So wrap your head around, that's about five to six feet of surface going into the water, and you can just see this 55 meter vessel just tilt. It's pretty fascinating. - [Mikey] It's incredible. - And, I want to come here, this sail setup. I mean, once you open all these sails up, you have over 1000 square meters of sail surface, but once you fill up the sails with wind and expand them, they can go upwards of 2,600 square meters with the downward sails. So, you have this huge surface area, which harnesses the wind again and drives this incredible vessel. Just super cool. And what did you think of the experience of sailing this yacht? - [Mikey] It was awesome. You know, I'm from South Texas, a big sailing area in Corpus Christi, and I've been on a lot of sailboats in my life, but I've never been on one this size. There's a totally different feeling than being on like a 15 meter sailboat versus- - [Mikey] How long is this? - This is 55 meters. - [Mikey] 55 Meters. There's a big difference. - [Enes] Big difference. - [Mikey] It just felt so powerful and raw, We've been having a great time here on this yacht, and I hope we tour more sailing yachts. - [Mikey] I do too. So, we have another companionway here going down to the crew quarters. You have an easy access here. These are all your skylights, again, bringing natural light to the lower level, and I mean, look at your booms. Look at the carvings and bronze details at the end. Just everything about it, every surface you look. You have your crank mechanisms here, more of these blocks and pins, and it's kind of a manual experience. You see the crew working, and it's just fascinating. A lot of people are just running around to make sure this thing runs properly. Now, on the right hand side, we have the tender. Coming here, more of these skylights, storage areas, and there's a section on the other side that opens up to your engine room, and this vessel has two Lugger diesel engines that are each 500 horsepowers. We have two generators, Even though it's a sailing yacht, you have the engine power here. You can go up to 12 knots, just with the engines alone, so I wanted to point that out. Now, we have the foremast on our left hand side. Ooh, another fun detail. They have spent 5,500 man hours to strip, sand, repair, refinish and varnish these three masts. That's crazy, 5,500 man hours. So, maintaining a yacht like this, it requires a lot of love, lot of attention, and a lot of passion, you know? These masts look brand new. They're super shiny, and I don't really have much to say about 'em. They look really cool. - They do a heck of a job sailing this yacht, you know, and they're all Oregon pine, by the way. They're real wood and maintained beautifully. All right, let's continue our tour. We're coming towards the bow. We have the anchoring mechanism here, but more importantly, the bowsprit of this yacht is super unique, extends out quite a bit. You have nets on each side, perfect place for you to sit down, lay back, look back towards this yacht, and down below that, right on the bow, we have a really cool figurette wood work that really compliments the look of this stunning vessel. Another detail I wanna point out, this yacht itself is actually 42 meters. Between the boom that extends out over the stern and bowsprit, you get additional 13 meters, which brings up the total length of this yacht to 55 meters, which is quite substantial. Overall, amazing vessel. They've maintained it so beautifully, and it has over 120 years of history. (light piano music playing) (sound of waves lightly flowing) - So, this yacht has a fantastic, unique history. It was designed by a celebrated American guy called Theodore Ferris, launched in 1902 in Staten Island, New York for an American called Charles Fahnestock, and he had the yacht as a private vessel to take him on his retirement, to cruise around the American waters and the Mediterranean. So, I've only done one circumnavigation on this boat. The current owner's done three, and on my circumnavigation, we started in the Med. We went down to south Georgia because the boss was really interested in the story of Ernest Shackleton and the Endurance, so we went to visit some of the places in south Georgia that Shackleton walked across with his men to try and rescue them from Elephant Island, and it was an experience. We've taken the vessel to Madagascar. We've been to the South Pacific. I remember once we were passing Sumatra, just to north of Indonesia, and we were about 200 miles west of the island, and we found two guys in a fishing boat, lost at sea. At the time, of course, piracy was pretty rife, so we were quite cautious, but then we realized, actually then, these guys are in trouble. So, we picked them up and we brought them on board. I've never seen somebody so happy to have a fresh water shower. we tried to work out from discussing with them by means of charades and Pictionary because they didn't speak any European languages, how they happened to be. It turns out they were at sea for 10 days adrift. They'd run outta fuel, and we basically saved their lives, and it's things like that that really make you proud to work on a boat like this. - And that's it for the upper deck tour and the history of Shenandoah. Now, I wanna actually take everybody through this staircase to check out the lower level. (elegant piano music plays) Now, we're at the lower floor landing. These double doors open up to the salon, and it's this really cozy, authentic space. Right in the center, we have the skylight assembly here, and Mikey, we have to get a close up. Look at these crank mechanisms that opens these skylights up. You have the currents also. I mean, this is just incredible. Brings natural light and fresh air to this cozy space, and I'm gonna start our tour here with the dining table. You have the built in seating, five additional chairs on the other side. We have the bookshelves on the left and right, giving you that character and timeless look. And on the back, we have this dark wood, which is padauk, and we're gonna see this wood throughout the vanities and different parts of the lower level. Again, adds up for the character, and more importantly, the dining table here is a gimbal dining table, which means when you're sailing, and when you're leaning on each side, this table can compensate for that, and it can basically move and make sure your plates are perfectly level. This is stunning. - [Mikey] Yeah, really cool. I asked the captain why it's broken in three pieces, I guess it makes sense. - Well, the centerpiece moves too, Mikey. - [Mikey] Yeah, exactly. - I'm assuming, depending on like where you're sitting- - [Mikey] Well, he's like, you don't want it to lean over and hit your knees, so we broke it in three pieces. So, each piece moves independently of the other. - Just like a camera gimbal. It just kind of compensates and makes sure everything stays level. - [Mikey] Really cool. - Amazing, right? And you have these smaller windows. So, when you're keeling, these windows are below water, and you get this really cool view, so I wanted to mention that. And again, super cozy space. The door right here opens up to the crew quarters and the crew mess. You access the galley, crew seating area, all that good stuff from here, and that way, they also have an easy access to the common areas. Now, bookshelves continue on each side. Right in the center of this room, we have this Steinway and Sons concert piano here. That looks absolutely gorgeous. I mean, character over character. Detail over detail. The timelessness of this yacht is almost hard to explain. It's just everywhere you look, every corner. There's a quirky, interesting, and thoughtful detail. You look at the railings, and they're all very subtle. Then you have Focal built in speakers, wood clad ceilings, built in seating area. All the mechanics function, phenomenal. Air conditioning works great. It's ice cold in here right now. Super comfortable. You have beautiful Oregon pine hardwood floors here, and they use the padauk African wood around as a border detail to create an nice contrast. TV here. I mean, I can go on and on and on. Just a stunning vessel. - [Mikey] Let's roll it back for a second. I doubt you even know this, but how would they get this piano in here? - They might have taken off the super structure and this skylight assembly here and bring it in piece by piece. I'm assuming. - [Mikey] So probably during one of the refits, they dropped this piano in here. So, it's probably been in here for a while, yeah? - Absolutely, and good question. And actually, another thing I wanna mention. So, even though this yacht is over 120 years old, obviously it's been through many restorations. The hull of the yacht is steel, which is kind of hard to believe considering it's age and the super structure above is all teak, so you're getting the best of both worlds. You're getting the steel for the strength, and teak for the superstructure, which gives you this timeless look, and 120 years old and it has a steel hull. Crazy. It's incredible. - [Mikey] Incredible, yeah. - All right, that's it for the salon. Now, let's go check out the guest cabins. I'm gonna start with this one on our left hand side. This is the VIP cabin with the built in double bed. You have your window looking out to the sea. Built in cabinetry all around. Again, this dark wood looks great against these white panels and the white wood clad ceilings. Every single one of these guest cabins gets a skylight bringing I love this detail. You have wainscoting on the walls, wall sconces, and this is the room that I'm actually personally staying in. It's super cozy. I had a great sleepover the last few days, which is awesome. - [Mikey] It's nice and cool in here too. My room wasn't quite this cool. - This one definitely is. - [Mikey] A little jealous. - All right, we have some built in cabinetry here. Let's go check out the bathroom. You have your toilet set up. Vanity on the left. Again, this beautiful dark wood countertops, bath fixtures. You have your walk in shower here. Great water pressure. Just a good size bathroom for this cabin. Now, let's go out and continue our tour. We're gonna check out this guest cabin now. Comes with a double bed on the bottom, single bed on top with the bunk set up. You have these brass handrails. Another window. Super, super cozy. This is where Mikey stays. You have some cabinetry here, dresser, super cozy. Love the hardwood floors, and you have a full bathroom here, just like the one that we toured earlier. we have one more guest quarters to see, and it starts right here. This one also has a built in double bed. Window, closet set up, and attention to detail. Every single one of these blankets have the Shenandoah stitching with 1902, every single one of these beddings. The toiletry set up, every detail you touch. Their attention to detail is super apparent, and I think they did a phenomenal job with the restoration too. This yacht could be 30 years old, or it could be just remodeled. It looks that timeless, and I think they did a really good job with the finishes, tones, and just like the textures that they chose to finish up this yacht. I feel like it's a great match. - [Mikey] And something Enes didn't mention was each of these bedrooms actually have their own built in speakers. So if you look in the cabinetry there, we have two speakers, two tweeters, and we have a little head unit. So, while you're laying in bed at night, you can listen to whatever you want, and I think the owner of this ship is actually an avid music collector cause it's all around. I've seen this classical music, there's a piano. He seems to have very- - Acquired taste. - [Mikey] Acquired, no I wouldn't say acquired taste, but he has a very kind of eclectic taste in music. But anyway, like Enes said, this could be a new ship, it could be an old ship. It could kind of go as either. I really like it. - Absolutely, has that timeless look. And of course, this guest quarters comes with its own full bathroom. Vanity set up, toilet, walk in shower, everything you need, and lastly, we have this door opening up to the owner's estate room. Going in, we have this small landing area. Bathroom on my left hand side, and right here, we have the mizzen mast, the mast that's located towards the backside of this yacht. It's exposed here, and it goes down all the way to the keel, so it kind of locks in the whole assembly. It's just fascinating. I mean so much character in this yacht. - [Mikey] Yeah, and you really get an idea for the scale of it in here. It's absolutely massive. Mikey, let's check out the bathroom first. Let's show it to everyone, starts here. We have this vanity design here with two sinks, brass fixtures, two medicine cabinets, wood clad ceilings. Toilet is on my right hand side, and over here, we have the full walk in shower, elevated drain, beautiful bathroom. Now, let's go into the state room. This is the owner's cabin. On this side, we have a single bed, and over here we have a double bed, all built in, very spacious, and right in the center, we have four skylights bringing natural light in. I gotta open this one up. They are so cool. They're so my vibe, so timeless. Look at this. - Just like that. I mean, pretty amazing. Let me close this up real quick, and the rest of the room, we have built in cabinetry, dressers, bookshelves, two windows on each side, big cupboard space right in the center, and Mikey, let's show this. Comes with a full desk set up here, built in TV. It's very cozy, to the point, and the owner's state room is closer to the aft than the other guest quarters. We have the built in bed here, wall sconces, bookshelves, and lastly, this bookshelf has this secret passageway to the nav station and to the captain's quarters, so I wanted to point this out. Overall, beautiful vessel, and the last few days have been just so memorable. (soft guitar strumming) - I'm very proud to be the captain on this boat because I've got a crew which are all so really proud to be here, and you can see by just looking at the boat and by taking photos, whichever ever angle you look at, it's a beautiful angle. Whichever light you see, she looks fantastic. And you know, it fills you with a warm sense of pride to be able to be here. - [Enes] Ships like Shenandoah encapsulate the very nature of legacy. They are records of our humanity, and they are symbols of the triumphs of our past. Walking the deck of this grand vessel is like walking through time itself. Shenandoah has enriched our souls and has captivated our minds. Making this video and being a small part of this ship's history is somewhere we never imagined this channel would take us, but we are so grateful that it has. (dramatic, adventurous music plays) All right, everyone. That's it from Shenandoah. I hope you all enjoy this video. Stunning vessel, and I want to give big thanks to the crew here for allowing us to stay on board and share our experiences with all of you. As always, you can find more information about this listing in the description of this video, so make sure to check that out. Lastly, if you enjoy the video, make sure to give us a like, subscribe, and we'll see you guys next week. (soft violin music playing)

  Top Comments:
  1. @ĐứcLê-x9s: hoài cổ quá đẹp ... giá mình dc ở đó 1 đêm
  2. @RiverCityTransit: this was a hauler not that old 1800's, old is 1500's.
  3. @unusualbydefault: What a beautiful ship, a sight to behold. Wish I had the money to go "and for my retirement, I'll commission one of the most beautiful yachts ever and sail around the world". Edit: crew must have worked overtime to clean it up, good lord it was spotless
  4. @aaronpainter2057: My God, enough with the adjectives.  Yes,  you said you can go on and on and on, and you do.  Just show us the freaking yacht, this tour of the most beautiful ship was just torture.
  5. @Sailor_Greg: Great tour by a couple of enthusiastic guys who know nothing about sailing boats.  Probably what the average visitor would notice without all the nautical jargon. (thought i'd def watch another review with some old salt who can name all the lines and talk about the boat as a sailboat)
  6. @hiltonwatkins6750: What a treasure.  There’s no feeling like when the sailboat heels over and you feel the rush of sail power through the boat.   It’s totally natural experience.  😊
  7. @M.Henrik: stunning boat, not sure about the piano though
  8. @igorifendi6: Красота 👍!!!)))
Попутного ветра всегда!!!
  9. @Danilo-s5t6k: These days arrogant shallow people doesn't deserves the achevements of those from the past, and that's why the world is going insane and "down."
  10. @justinsullivan6410: The piano is stupid
  11. @davidfoss4365: The legs on a grand piano are designed to be removed making the cross section about the same as an upright and they are usaully moved on their sides. So moving it though a narrow door on a level floor is typically no problem. Grand pianos can normally be moved around corners with the keyboard up or down so ceiling height may be a an issue with a long grand piano. The biggest trick is moving them, or any piano, on stairs because there is often a point between a stair and the ceiling that is less than the piano's width.
  12. @dhoulkarnain: Awesome, cool and fun are not adjectives I would use to describe this ship.
  13. @andreyvarlamov2217: Рояль с парусами какой то.
  14. @CY.NIC123: He’s on a yacht, use nautical terms, don’t dumb it down. Everybody knows porthole, window!! No. One example of many annoyances.
  15. @chiggs5904: Steering wheel.  Floors  ?
  16. @HimdahHatiad: สวยครับ ราคาน่าจะแพงมากแน่ๆ
  17. @keith-lg9vg: It's a work of art
  18. @Michael-r3n4j: She's beautiful 😍
  19. @JeffreyAllen-k1c: Maybe old, but she is just beautiful. And she flys.
  20. @stevejensen3471: Probably the most beautiful and graceful sailing vessel ever built! The irony though is that it's extraordinarily expensive to maintain the level of pristine grandeur showcased here and it requires a large crew to run it full bore! That's why it's for sale!

- What Happened to Victoria & Rico of Nauti Styles? Net Worth | Lawsuit | New Boat: Kind: captions Language: en The world of luxury yaching often feels distant, almost unreachable, reserved for those born into privilege or those who built empires on land before taking their lifestyle to sea. Yet, in recent years, one channel has changed that perception. Millions of viewers have been invited into a world once hidden behind exclusive marinas and private docks. [music] The channel is called Naughty Styles, supported by its companion channel, Naughty Guys, and it has become one of the most trusted and respected names in the digital yaching space. The reason for this success is not simply the stunning yachts they tour. It begins with the people behind the camera and the foundation of credibility they bring to every episode. At the heart of the Naughty Styles brand are two people, Victoria Chillaya and her husband Rico Stall. Many viewers know Victoria as the confident, polished host who guides audiences through some of the most impressive vessels on the water. Rico also appears on both channels known by many as Rico Rock Stall. What makes their partnership unique is the combination of marital unity, creative collaboration, and professional authority. Victoria has publicly referred to the two of them as a true husband and wife team. And this sense of teamwork is visible throughout their work. Every tour feels grounded in trust, respect, and authentic partnership. Their authority in the marine world is not assumed. It [music] is earned. Both Victoria and Rico are confirmed to hold USCG licensed captain certifications. This instantly places them in a different category from many content creators who only admire yachts from a distance. Their training allows them to understand the operational realities of large vessels, the demands of long range cruising, and the technical differences between one yacht and another. This professional background gives viewers confidence that every assessment, observation, and detail they share is coming from real maritime experience. [music] Another defining part of their identity is their commitment to independence. Victoria made this philosophy clear when she explained that Naughty Styles does not accept payments for yacht tours [music] and does not operate on a workforire model. Their decisions on which vessels to feature are driven by genuine curiosity, audience interest, and industry relevance. [music] This structure builds trust between the hosts and their viewers. Nearly 600,000 subscribers [music] follow the channel because they know the reviews are sincere, the critiques are honest, and the opinions are not influenced by sponsorships from builders or brokers. This independence has become a cornerstone of their brand and a major reason why their audience feels connected to them. The story of Na Styles did not begin on the water. It began on land, shaped by decades of hard work in completely different industries. Before Victoria ever stepped in front of a yacht camera, she spent more than 20 years working in Hollywood. This long career gave her a deep understanding of storytelling, on camera presence, and visual production. Her [music] confidence, her structured delivery, and her ability to make complex topics easy to understand all reflect that Hollywood training. The polished quality of the Naughty Styles videos is not accidental. It is the result of professional experience that directly influences the presentation of every episode. Rico followed a very different path before joining Victoria on this maritime adventure. His earlier years included military service and work as a paramedic. Later, he built a successful career as a DJ and music producer. He performed at major festivals and held a residency with Insomniac Events. Through this work, he developed technical production skills, editing expertise, and a strong awareness of audience engagement. When combined with Victoria's media background, Rico's diverse experiences created a powerful formula for digital storytelling. They were prepared for YouTube long before they ever imagined becoming creators. The final ingredient came when the couple made a life-changing decision. Instead of beginning their married life in a traditional home, they chose to live aboard a yacht. Not for a few months or seasons, but for eight continuous years. This commitment transformed them from enthusiasts into true marine professionals. They spent time chartering different vessels, learning what worked and what did not before finally settling on a Meridian 408 as their full-time home. Day by day, year after year, they learned the realities of life at sea. From maintenance responsibilities to voyage planning and the nuances of living in a small floating space, their years aboard allowed them to form meaningful industry connections. [music] As their knowledge deepened, Rico opened a yacht management company. They began crewing, organizing yacht vacations, chartering vessels, and building a real career within the luxury marine world. These experiences created a foundation of professional credibility that would later set them apart when they stepped into digital media. Naughty Styles did not come from casual interest. It grew out of nearly a decade of hands-on maritime living combined with decades of production experience. Many viewers admire the polished look of their channel and wonder how Victoria and Rico have built such a successful life on the water. Some assume it must come from YouTube ad revenue. The truth is more complex and significantly more impressive. The primary source of their wealth is not YouTube at all. It is their long-standing professional work in the marine industry, including yacht management, charters, brokerage, and consulting. These fields involve high-v value assets, and substantial commissions. A single yacht sale can generate a financial return far greater than several months of digital earnings. Their authentic presence on YouTube functions as a powerful marketing tool that attracts high- netw worth individuals and establishes [music] trust with potential clients. The partnership between their professional services and their media presence is a strategic structure that has fueled their financial growth. YouTube AdSense still plays an important role in their income, especially since they operate in a luxury niche with strong advertiser demand. Their channel performs within a high CPM category where monthly earnings often range between $5,000 and $16,000. Charts from late 2025 show that peak daily performance occasionally cross $2,000 during viral periods. On average, the channel demonstrates steady and respectable income. But even at its highest annual estimate, the earnings are not enough to support the purchase and maintenance of their most significant asset, the Bearing 82 Explorer Yacht. This reinforces an important truth. The couple's primary financial strength lies in their marine business sector, [music] and YouTube enhances that business by providing visibility and credibility. In addition to AdSense, they benefit from secondary digital revenue streams. Patreon members, known as the Nudy crew, offer consistent monthly support while gaining access to exclusive content. Their shop, Nudy merchandise line, provides additional income through apparel that reflects their brand's lifestyle. They also use affiliate links for various marine and production products, allowing them to earn passive income from viewers who purchase recommended items. For viewers curious about the couple's lifestyle, the answer is simpler than many expect. Despite their large following on Naughty Styles and Naughty Guys, Victoria and Rico have never centered their life around luxury houses or flashy car collections. In fact, they have repeatedly said there is no traditional home waiting for them on land. After spending eight years living aboard boats, Victoria has openly shared that she no longer feels the need for a permanent house. Their lives revolve around mobility, travel, [music] and the freedom that comes with life at sea. Almost every major financial decision they have made in recent years has been directed toward one core goal, building their dream vessel, the Bearing 82 Explorer yacht named Atomos. Atomos is not an ordinary yacht. [music] The couple originally signed a contract in 2022 for a smaller Bearing 75, but as their plans and custom requirements grew, the project was upgraded to the Bearing 82 class. This type of vessel is built for long range cruising and demanding ocean conditions. With a steel hull, full displacement capabilities, [music] and a length of more than 76 ft, the Bearing 82 is engineered for serious expeditions, not short weekend trips. Its projected range of more than 4,000 nautical miles places it among yachts designed for deep exploration. Comparable vessels can cost anywhere from 5 to over 10 million, making Atomus the centerpiece of their entire asset portfolio. Their second channel, Naigu, has documented the journey from the very beginning. Viewers have watched the installation of major systems, the whole framing process, the interior layout development, and even the arrival of VH marine propellers. Every step has been shared, both the technical challenges and the emotional high points that come with building a vessel of this scale. However, not everything has unfolded as planned. [music] What began as an exciting custom build has now grown into a full legal battle. [music] As per sources, problems emerged early in the construction process. In a lawsuit filed in June 2025, they alleged that Bearing Yachts altered the design without their approval, misrepresented the vessel's waterline length, and delivered workmanship far below the standards promised. They also site delays exceeding 18 months and rising costs beyond the original 7 to8 million estimate. By mid 2025, the yacht was roughly 70% complete. The couple terminated the contract, claiming they had fulfilled all required payments [music] and now legally own the unfinished yacht. They hope to move the hull from Bearing's Turkish shipyard and complete it elsewhere. Bearing Yachts disputes this, arguing the couple breached the contract and refusing to release the vessel. This disagreement has now become a civil lawsuit. Through their company, Angel LLC, Victoria and Rico are seeking damages, legal ownership of the unfinished yacht and punitive relief for alleged breach of contract, fraud, [music] unfair trade practices, and negligence. As with any long-term project, delays have occurred, leading to fan speculation and questions about possible legal issues. Popular searches often reference ideas like conflict or lawsuits. Yet, there is no official confirmation of any such dispute. What viewers observe is a long, complicated construction journey that reflects the reality of building a steel explorer yacht, a process known to take several years. The couple has managed to turn this experience into a compelling narrative. Instead of hiding the challenges, they share them. This transparency keeps their audience invested, watching each phase unfold while waiting for the day finally touches the water. As of 2025, Nudy Styles continues to grow. Victoria and Rico produced tours of remarkable vessels, each presented with their signature blend of clarity, professionalism, and curiosity. Victoria has earned the recognition of a pro yachting journalist, a title that reflects her reputation within the industry. Their combined subscriber base has surpassed 700,000 and their total views have exceeded 200 million. Their influence has now reached far beyond YouTube.

  Top Comments:
  1. @williamwatson689 [7 likes]: I have watched their channels for four years now.  Victoria and her personality is captivating.  Rico serves as icing on their cake of bringing subjective opinions by the two partner team of marine boats and accessories.
  2. @larryboles629 [7 likes]: Half truths and crab-crap.
  3. @pcb1313 [6 likes]: Wow, the haters are out without any receipts. Get a better attitude, you’ll be happier for it.
  4. @billmartin1958 [3 likes]: As far as I'm aware 
They changed everything including the length etc themselves after the contract was signed 

Now they're trying to blame anyone except themselves for their contractual blunder of ordering a 75 then upgrading during contract to an 82 

Or have they just ran out of money and want to get it an 82 for the price of a 75, the difference must be at least a million dollars or euros 

I've seen somewhere that welding is one of the disputed area, I know for a fact that marine welding is highly scrutinised to the point of passing xray testing and should have passed all testing during the daily inspections by an independent contractors 

I hope the company counter sues for contractual negligence and compensation
  5. @FREEDOM195844 [3 likes]: After awhile all these channels become boring.  It's the same thing over and over.  If you're planning on buying a boat then you could pick up ideas.
  6. @StevenJackson-f8x [2 likes]: If you ever met them in person, you would run away. They are both jerks in my opinion.
  7. @robertcooper7157 [2 likes]: All optional attachments should be standard as you purchase the machine for all uses and not to upgrade as required. I also think this is BS anyway.
  8. @dixie1579 [2 likes]: Why did you choose a woman with such a choppy horrible voice to tell your story?  If I didn't care for you both so much I wouldn't have endured her narrative.
  9. @JohnDoe-fz5cz [1 likes]: she's a good story teller. it would be a lot better if her husband would run the camera and keep his mouth closed. he breaks up the continuity of her presentation. since he started involving himself in front of the camera, i've drifted away from the channel.
  10. @seanspoonts3837 [1 likes]: So, "What happened" to them? I hate misleading, click bait headlines like this. You wasted my time.
  11. @bassamalalami4780 [1 likes]: Been following them from overseas for years. Consider them as hero couple. Their legal suit , is their personal life and not something to stick our noses in. Wish them always luck and fortune.
  12. @rexpayne7836 [1 likes]: Great content and presentation. Cheers from Australia. 🇦🇺 🦘
  13. @KaptainKevin [1 likes]: I enjoy the show but even if they have a Captains License they don’t know shit about boats.
  14. @rickswetman2063 [1 likes]: Waste of time.
  15. @woofersd2383 [1 likes]: I remember watching a video, when Bering 75 Became Bering 82’ . We were told it was about the Tonnage not the Length. Never understood that. To me the boat should be 82Ft from Stern , to Aft. Never understood that Logic. 😊
  16. @justanotherinternetexpert7743: That yatch is never gonna touch the water. They made a huge mistake by trying to switch builders mid stream. That is a DEATH sentence for ALMOST ALL Long term construction projects UNLESS you have Literal F@CK YOU MONEY, the net worth far beyond a married youtube couple.
  17. @Chabagirl: None of this is new info.
  18. @crystalclearwindowsllc: funny though they are great but kinda didnt take their own advise on a yacht they know alot of builders but went with bearing why?
  19. @peterdodge6563: Kiss up piece.
  20. @222INFINITY: Everything is so well documented they can easily do a 100% write off, + with more free time on their hands their income will skyrocket. Can certainly see their brokerage growing leaps and bounds. GG should tap into the high end real estate market, thinking New York, something like, 111 west 57 street, prices all the way too, $110 mil = high commissions!!!!!!!

- Living on a Sailboat as a Nomadic Capitalist: Kind: captions Language: en i've been following a couple of youtube channels it's like one of those things where one day youtube algorithms recommend something that they think i'll like and i go into this rabbit hole and i've been following these sailing videos and i see these guys on like a 53-foot sailboat just sailing around the world they're doing like 90 000 miles sometimes they have a few people on the boat sometimes they've got 10 and they kind of go to where the wind takes them and they just tend to try to avoid hurricane season they pluck a lot of their fish out of the water um how would how would somebody use the nomad capitalist lifestyle or the strategies that you talk about often in a mobile sort of environment where they don't actually have rooted real estate citizenship in one country like yeah well so the challenge is if you're an american that's going to be hard because the tax exclusion for americans that at least you know allows you to accept your salary and that gets you out of the system for some of the savings the foreign income exclusion uh frowns on things like sailing if you're international waters uh they want you to be on land and so i've had americans come to me who work on yachts or they own odds and and they have a very hard time saving on taxes on their business for everyone else uh what you'd want to do is you want to have some place on land that you've established in a country here's my home here are my utility bills here is my tax residence my tax home so that in your case for example canada wouldn't come after you and say well you're designing kind of like a long vacation i mean i think the tax authorities in a lot of countries probably look at sailing as kind of like a long vacation rather than a home uh they like you know and so does your bank by the way or your crypto exchange or whatever it is that's doing kyc they would really want to see you know where is the home even if you're not there you're out sailing you

  Top Comments:
  1. @tucsonrazorbacks [7 likes]: I knew some middle class wayfarers from Scotland who scraped together to live off the sea. She made trinkets and sold them in the ports and he sailed and maintained the boat with little efforts and they were happier than you’d ever imagine
  2. @fishin4bogey [4 likes]: Sounds like SV Delos!!

Many people out there making a damn good living just sailing around the world. Start a Patreon account, and upload decent content on The YouTube and you're sailing the world listening to Bob Marley and Jimmy Buffett!!
  3. @RichCooperClips [2 likes]: Channel Sponsor:  You're showering anyways, so why not buy handmade soap from a sponsor that supports the creation of my content.  Use code "COOPER" at checkout and Get 10% off Tactical Soap mentioned here:  http://bit.ly/2jQEZbz

Sub my main channel:  https://www.youtube.com/EntrepreneursInCars

Amazon Books & Products I Like:  www.amazon.com/shop/influencer-a03634c5

Join my private community, support the channel, get premium videos, my private Facebook community & exclusive content:  http://www.entrepreneursincars.com/community

Request a video topic:  https://entrepreneursincars.com/request

Get 1-on-1 coaching with me:  https://clarity.fm/richardcooper

Get a free chapter from my book on 20 red flags to avoid:  https://entrepreneursincars.com/red-flags/
  4. @John_Conner222 [2 likes]: Haha I knew Rich would get to this point. I know I have thought about it alot. Wanted to try my hand at creating a special kind of high rise condos in different countries and write the taxes off. That way I would have multiple ports to call home and not just be stuck at sea. Really pushing hard on cryptocurrencies and online markets and online services. This way i'm always at work while always on vacation. My biggest regret in life will always be beating myself up for not seeing the lies sooner, listening to the negative input from family and friends, and leaving the 9 to 5 cube life for entrepreneurship.
  5. @miketheman4341 [1 likes]: Look at these nerds! Neither has had a date in a decade that they did not pay cash for! Grandpa and geek boy!
  6. @dipdasadhikary579: You may consider this, adding the the starting and ending time of this video clip (in that video) so that people can see from right after the clip ended or right before the clip started.
  7. @LivingALifeOfAbundance: Love your channel bro! Keep it up. I want to become a red pill channel like yours keep it up bro.

- Abandoned Luxury Yachts, Empty Marinas — Is Dubai COLLAPSING Fast?: Kind: captions Language: en 2,100 births 95% full That was Dubai's reality at its peak. By late 2019, the city's marinas had become the undisputed center of global yacht culture, a floating empire designed to anchor the wealthiest individuals on Earth. And then, it collapsed. Today, more than 2,000 vessels sit idle. Occupancy has fallen to just 45%. Over 800 million dollars in asset value erased. Abandoned yachts now rot at their moorings, some leaking fuel into the water. And behind the scenes, more than 12,000 maritime jobs have quietly disappeared. To understand how something this massive empties this fast, you have to understand the system that was built to fill it. October 17th, 2003 A barren stretch of Dubai's coastline, nothing but sand and possibility. Construction crews broke ground on a project that wasn't just ambitious, it was audacious. A 3.5 km man-made canal glass towers on both sides A marina designed not just to compete with Monaco, but to rival it. By the end of the decade, more than 2,000 berths would line Dubai's waters, spread across Dubai Marina, Port Rashid, and Mina Seyahi. This wasn't incremental growth. This was a statement. Dubai wasn't trying to join the world's yachting capitals. It was trying to outshine them. Developers described it as a new anchor for global wealth, a place where super yachts from London, Moscow, and Mumbai would dock beneath a skyline of luxury apartments and five-star hotels. Every detail pointed toward one thing, scale. The marina was engineered to handle vessels up to 160 m in length, from everyday pleasure craft to the floating palaces of billionaires. Millions of cubic meters of sand were dredged to carve the canal. Imported palm trees lined marble promenades designed to replicate and surpass the world's most exclusive Mediterranean ports. This wasn't just infrastructure. It was engineered prestige. City officials were clear about the ambition. This would not be a quiet harbor for locals. It would be a magnet for international capital, a physical symbol of Dubai's arrival on the global luxury stage. The mission was repeated in early press releases and boardroom conversations alike. Build the most desirable address for yacht owners on Earth. And the numbers backed it up. More than 2,000 births planned across the city. Dubai Marina alone targeting over 1,000. The construction boom pulled in talent from across Asia and Europe. Engineers, marine architects, logistics crews, all contributing to a transformation that would redefine the skyline. By 2010, it was complete. Glass towers reflected across calm water. Promenades filled with movement. And the docks filled fast. Yachts registered in the Cayman Islands, Malta, and the British Virgin Islands lined the marina, a floating index of global wealth. Dubai was no longer an outsider. It had become a peer to Saint Tropez, to Port Hercule. And then came the golden era. By the end of 2019, Dubai's marinas were operating at near full capacity. Occupancy ranged between 88% and 90% with some weekends seeing every birth taken. On average, 12 new vessels arrived each month. A constant flow of capital. a constant signal of demand. Charter companies reported record-breaking performance. Industry estimates placed annual yacht charter revenue between 100 and 170 million dollars, far ahead of regional competitors. Dubai had secured its position at the top of the Gulf's luxury hierarchy. But the real story wasn't just the numbers. It was the people. Russian oligarchs, Saudi royals, British expatriates, Indian business magnates, European and American executives. For many, owning a berth in Dubai wasn't just a lifestyle choice. It was strategy. A place to store wealth, host private gatherings, and when necessary, wait out instability elsewhere. Dubai wasn't just selling luxury. It was selling certainty. A safe haven, carefully maintained, precisely managed. Then came 2020. The pandemic hit, and for the first time in years, the system faltered. Occupancy dropped to 65%. The walkways fell silent. Movement slowed. But the recovery came faster than expected. By late 2022, Dubai's marinas surged back. A wave of Russian-owned yachts redirected from Europe due to sanctions, a renewed demand for private, insulated luxury. By 2023, occupancy had climbed back to 88%, almost identical to pre-pandemic levels. Charter bookings rose by 25 to 30%. Restaurants, clubs, and service firms reported revenues close to their peak years. From the outside, it looked like a full recovery. But underneath, something had changed. The marinas looked full, but they didn't feel the same. More yachts sat unused for extended periods. Ownership structures became more complex. Flags changed, not for identity, but for protection. Crew sizes were reduced, activity slowed. Brokers began speaking quietly about clients exploring alternatives in the Mediterranean. Service companies noticed delayed payments and renegotiated contracts. The system was still functioning, but it was no longer stable because the entire model depended on a fragile balance, a continuous inflow of global wealth, the absence of regional conflict, and above all a perception. The perception that Dubai was safe, stable, untouchable. And when a system is built on perception, it doesn't need a collapse to break. It just needs a shock. February 28th, 2026. Just after sunrise, the first warning hit Dubai's marine sector. Within 4 hours, global insurance syndicates issued emergency advisories. All Gulf waters, including Dubai's marinas, were now classified as high risk. The impact was immediate. Insurance premium surged by 300% in a single morning. Policies that once cost 80,000 pounds per year suddenly demanded over 320,000 pounds if coverage could be secured at all. For yacht owners, the math changed instantly. And when the math changes, behavior follows. Lena Carlile, a senior analyst at HSBC Middle East, described the aftermath as a financial wipeout. More than 800 million pounds in asset value erased from Dubai's marinas in less than a week. Buyers disappeared. Deals froze. Lenders began calling in debts. The market didn't collapse because yachts were destroyed. It collapsed because trust disappeared. Dubai's marinas, once a symbol of global wealth, became a ledger of stranded capital. And the shock didn't stop at the water. Charter bookings were canceled en masse. Crew contracts were suspended or terminated. Service companies, from mechanics to marina caterers, watched their revenue vanish almost overnight. The entire ecosystem, built on movement, capital flow, and confidence, began to unravel in real time. What once looked permanent suddenly looked fragile. By midday, the first aerial footage began to spread. Empty berths. Idle hulls. A marina that no longer moved. What followed wasn't gradual. It was the visible aftermath of a single financial shock here, echoing through every layer of the system. 45%. That's where occupancy stood in March 2026. A number that would have sounded impossible just a few years earlier. Where waiting lists once stretched for months, nearly 2,000 vessels now sat idle across Dubai Marina, Port Rashid, The drone shots told the story Rows of empty slips bleaching under the sun. Walkways with no movement. No crew. No activity. In a city built on spectacle, the silence felt louder than anything. Because this wasn't just a number. It was physical. The camera moves slowly across what used to be a floating parade of global wealth. Now fenders scrape quietly against empty docks. Paint begins to peel on neglected hulls. The waterline collects oil and debris instead of champagne reflections. Glass towers still rise above the marina. But now they reflect emptiness. Not movement. Not life. Just absence. Berths designed for over 2,000 vessels. Half of them unclaimed. For marina operators, every empty slot is a direct financial hit. Mooring fees, once predictable, reliable, have disappeared. Service crews lose contracts. Maintenance firms shut down jobs. Cleaning teams sit idle. The ripple effect is immediate. Every yacht that leaves takes an entire chain of income with it. A mechanic. A supplier. A catering crew. A financing agreement. Gone. And when the footage went viral, something shifted. This wasn't just a downturn anymore. It was visible. Dubai had always sold luxury as something you could see. Now the collapse was visible, too. Berth by berth. Then came the exodus. Not slow. Not cautious. Decisive. AIS tracking data and port logs revealed what was really happening behind the scenes. 70% of Russian-owned yachts gone. We routed toward Turkey, Greece, and Cyprus. Moving in clusters, quietly, quickly. Out of the Gulf. Into safer waters. Brokers described it as a race. Bodrum. Mykonos. Limassol. Ports where insurance still held. Where risk felt distant. Where clients felt comfortable again. GCC owners followed. shifting towards Saudi Arabia's Red Sea coast. New incentives, new developments, new promises. Neom, King Abdullah Economic City, the next safe harbor. European-owned vessels, long a staple of Dubai's marina culture, returned to the French and Italian Riviera. Where demand was waiting, where the season was already building. American investors didn't hesitate. Instructions were sent within hours. Cross the Suez, head west. Caribbean routes reopened. St. Barts, Nassau, Antigua. The map of global wealth redrew itself in real time. One marina manager described it simply. Boats didn't leave one by one, they Familiar hulls gone overnight. Invoices left unpaid. Radios silent. What remained wasn't just empty space. It was a vacuum. Because the system had always depended on a specific kind of owner. Mobile, flexible, unafraid to move capital instantly. And when risk appeared, they left. What they left behind wasn't just physical emptiness. It was the collapse of demand. A gap no local market could fill. Within 4 months, over 12,000 jobs disappeared from Dubai's marine sector. Not slowly, all at once. Crew members, cleaners, technicians, caterers, entire teams erased. One marine ecologist described it as a chain reaction. When the yachts left, everything connected to them vanished, too. The impact didn't stop at employment. Infrastructure began to degrade. Out of 320 navigation buoys, nearly half were left unmaintained. Drifting, rusting, out of position. What were once precision-managed waterways became unpredictable. And beneath the surface, the damage was already spreading. Fuel leaks increased. An estimated 3,200 L per month. Water clarity dropped sharply. Turbidity levels rose by nearly 50%. Oxygen levels fell. Marine life began to suffer. Algae spread across the hulls of abandoned boats. What had been a showcase of luxury was becoming an environmental risk. And with every passing week, recovery moved further away. But the damage didn't stop at the waterline. It reached the banks. By spring 2026, financial filings began to reveal the next phase. Defaults. Luxury yacht loans. Marina front property debts. In just 3 months, over 1.1 billion pounds in non-performing marine loans surfaced. Higher than anything seen even during 2008. Liquidation notices piled up. March, April, May, one after another. Banks suddenly held assets no one wanted to buy. Repossessed yachts with no bidders. Luxury apartments with no demand. And the property market followed. Penthouse prices in Dubai Marina dropped by up to 40% from 2025 highs. Sellers outnumbered buyers 10 to 1. Even prime waterfront units sat empty. Months without offers. The illusion cracked. Because the entire system had been built on a belief that global wealth would always flow in. That demand would always exist. That Dubai's position was permanent. Now that belief was being tested. And as it weakened, the consequences spread outward. From marinas to real estate to banking. From perception to reality. And while Dubai's docks emptied, somewhere else they were filling. Mediterranean ports surged. Monaco, Antibes, Bodrum, superyacht arrivals increased by 15% in a single season. Waiting lists grew longer than ever. Athens, Palma, charter brokers overwhelmed with demand. Ports expanded capacity. Permits fast-tracked. New berths approved. Seasonal crews hired at scale. The global circuit shifted. Even major events adapted. The Cannes Yachting Festival expanded overflow showcases. The Monaco Yacht Show stretched beyond its usual limits. And Dubai, its own boat show, once a fixed point in the global calendar, quietly canceled for 2027. No announcement with impact. No dramatic headline. Just removed. And in that absence, the shift became undeniable. This wasn't just a temporary disruption. It was a redistribution of capital, of confidence, of belief. The same system that had built Dubai's marina empire was now rebuilding it somewhere else. By 2032, current trends suggest only one in five berths may see consistent use. The rest left exposed to heat, salt, and time. Maintenance costs rise. Environmental risks compound. And the image begins to shift. From luxury hub to ghost port. The ecosystem that once supported thousands of businesses, charter firms, service crews, waterfront retail, doesn't collapse in a single moment. It fades. One contract at a time. One storefront at a time. One empty dock at a time. And then there's the worst-case scenario. Already visible in pockets of the waterfront. If current abandonment continues, more than 60% of Dubai's prime marina space could stand empty within a decade. A city that defined itself through spectacle becomes a case study in how quickly spectacle can disappear. Because what's happening here isn't just about yachts. It's about trust. When trust breaks, capital moves. Vast. Faster than infrastructure can adapt. Faster than policy can respond. Faster than perception can recover. Yacht culture didn't just decorate Dubai. It anchored an entire promise. A promise of safety. Of stability. Of permanence. Now that anchor is dragging. And what's left behind isn't just empty berths. It's a warning. Written in salt, steel, and silence. So the question isn't just what happened to Dubai's marinas. The real question is what happens to any city when the image it built its future on stops being believed? Let me know your thoughts. Where are you watching from? And do you think Dubai can rebuild this kind of trust again?

  Top Comments:
  1. @andyr8812 [1 likes]: Births in Dubai ??? 🤣🤣🤣
  2. @jimmahoney7803: All Dubai has to do is defeat SELFISHNESS😊

- Levels of Wealth: Inside The Secret Lives of The Ultra-Rich: Kind: captions Language: en-GB If you earned $1 per second. Then to make 1 million dollars would take you about 11 and a half days. But to make 1 billion dollars, would take you over 31 and a half years. You see, it’s easy to think of wealth in terms of rich or poor, but broadly speaking, there are arguably 5 different levels of rich, and at each level, things change very drastically. The difference between what a millionaire can do, and a billionaire can do, is simply staggering. In this video we’ll be exploring what life is like at each of these different wealth levels, and delving into how the ultra-rich spend their money, including some of their most bizarre and extravagant purchases. But, as you’re watching, you’ll realise that one of the biggest changes that happens at each wealth level, is perspective. Because prices feel relative to how much you earn. So if you compare someone whose earning $40,000 a year with someone earning 400 million a year, it’s 10,000 times more. Which means: A lambo that costs $300,000, to them is the equivalent of spending $30. A $10 million piece of art? Feels like $1,000. A $50 million home in the Hamptons? Feels like $5,000. So whilst to us those purchases would feel so major, to a billionaire, it’s not even something they need to think about. And of course, when you’re that wealthy, it’s not just items and experiences you can buy. But we’ll get to that. Let’s instead start off, with the first level of rich: The Top 1% Even though this phrase is synonymous with being extremely rich, if your income is over about $200,000 a year, you would technically be part of the top 1% of worldwide earners. And so being in the top 1% may not make you feel quite as rich as you think. Because sure, you can typically afford a nice house and car, but with those things comes higher costs, and so you probably don’t feel very financially secure, and you’re likely still working a full time job. Which is why beyond this level, wealth starts being measured in net worth rather than income, as the more wealth you have, the more assets you have, and you’re probably not making your money from a salary. So the next level of rich is a Net Worth of $10 Million - $30 Million At this level, your needs are met. You can live very comfortably. You have a really nice house. You often fly first class internationally. If it’s a special occasion, you might book a $2,000 suite. You can afford any healthcare you need, and in fact no emergency financial situation can destroy your life. But you are still not "rich" in the way that money doesn't matter. You still have to be sensible and careful with big decisions. And in the banking world, you’re still not classified as ultra high net worth'. Which brings us to out next level: Net Worth of $30 Million - $100 Million At this point, you start playing in the big leagues. And most likely you run or have a controlling interest in a very large company. You always stay at 5 star hotels, and you have multiple residences all around the world you can stay at as well. You take holidays during prime time, for example going to Monaco for the Grand Prix, or Cannes for the film festival. And you won’t bat an eyelid when the place you’re staying at costs $10-$20,000 per NIGHT. You have personal assistants, and are starting to have ‘people’ that others have to talk to to get to you. You can buy pretty much anything that normal people think of as ‘stuff rich people buy. Like you can get any cars you want, the fanciest jewellery, and so on. Instead of flying first class, you fly private. Although you’d typically charter a flight or own a private jet fractionally through a service like Net Jets, instead of buying it outright and having to maintain it. But at this level, your social circle changes dramatically too. You probably socialize with Congressmen, Senators and community leaders. You are likely very well respected within some very high class circles. Interestingly though, since you’re likely surrounded by other ultra wealthy people, you may still feel you don’t have enough. Sure, you may have just bought a new Ferrari, but your friend has a limited edition version where only five of them were ever made. Sure, you just had dinner with a local governor, but your billionaire friend just had dinner with the President. Which brings us to our next level of wealth: Net Worth of $100 Million - $1 Billion To be at this level, you likely have ownership or control of a business that most of the public have heard of, even if they haven’t heard of you directly. At this point, you can likely socialize with movie stars, rock stars, and the corporate elite. You can go pretty much anywhere you want, and always in style. You have multiple residences with staff, all over the world, with elite cars at every residence. If it’s your thing, you might have a private island. And of course a private yacht to get you there. Almost any experience you can dream up, you can have. Want to play tennis with your favourite tennis star? Call his people. For a donation of 100k+ to his charity, you can probably play a match with him. Want your favourite band to come and play at your private party? For the right price, they will. Love art? Your people could arrange for the curator of the Louvre to show you around and show you some masterpieces they haven’t exhibited in years. If you can dream an experience up, you can likely have it - donations and fees can get you to anyone. Once you have many hundreds of millions of dollars, it’s the same when buying things - you may hire people to find you the most extravagant versions of items possible. For example, the Australian company Toilet Paper Man produces 22-carat gold toilet paper, for a cost of over 1.3 million. And if you are going to quite literally flush money down the toilet, why not get a gold toilet or entire gold bathroom to go with it? In fact, if you’re ultra-wealthy, you can literally have gold everything. How about a 24 karat gold water bottle, which in itself is a piece of designer art, and comes with spring water from France and Fiji, combined with glacier water from iceland. Or alternatively, how about the world’s most expensive iPhone has 24 carat gold casing, and more than 600 white and black diamonds, and sapphire glass for the screen. This certainly isn’t available to the public, and to buy one you’d need over 15 million dollars. At this level, it’s not just about buying the fanciest most luxurious items, it’s about getting the rarest and most exclusive things you possibly can. You could get a limited edition pen, that costs $160,000, has 4,810 diamonds inside, and only 8 are made each year. Or if you want to go a lot bigger than that, many billionaires turn to art. Not just rare paintings, but things like this dead shark art piece created by Damien Hurst that sold for $12 million dollars. Or let’s say you like piano? Well, here’s the same crystal piano that was used for the Beijing Olympic Games. It was purchased at auction by a private bidder for a record $3.22 million U.S. dollars! Your mind is the only real limit to what is available. But Our final level, $1 Billion Net Worth and Above. Before we get into what you can do as a billionaire - which is pretty insane - it’s worth noting that the number of billionaires on Forbes' annual rich list has significantly increased in recent years, and there’s now around 2,755 known billionaires. Of course, it’s possible there are more who have generational wealth that simply do a good job of staying very very private. Either way, Forbes estimated these 2,755 billionaires are worth a combined $13.1 trillion, and therefore have more wealth between them than the poorest 5 billion people on earth combined. In fact, Oxfam have argued that the very richest 26 billionaires have more wealth between them than the poorest 50% of the entire world. These statistics are overwhelming, but let’s actually visualise it to put things in perspective. This rice example really highlights that even within this billionaire category, the difference between 1 billion and the kind of wealth Jeff Bezos or Elon Musk has, is insanely vast. I’m a big fan of James Jani’s YouTube channel, and he also did a great job of visualising the difference between these large sums of money in a different way: So, now that we’ve got a better idea of the scale of a billion dollars, let’s look at what you can do with it. Because essentially, you can buy anything. And I do mean, anything. We’re no longer just talking about luxurious items and experiences. Firstly, you can buy access. You can ask your staff to contact almost anyone on the planet and get a call back. It’s amazing the level of access and respect a billion can get you, where within an hour you could ask your people to get in touch with someone, and they’d be able to do it. It’s not just celebrities either, it works the same with powerful people within politics too - especially because the billionaire may well be a donor to their political party. And so, if you’re a billionaire you may occasionally meet with heads-of-states and have conversations with them. Which brings us to the second thing a billion dollars can buy: Influence. As a billionaire, you have many ways to shape public policy and the public debate. This isn’t always done in some kind of evil way, like lobbying for lower taxes for rich people (although that obviously does happen). But because of your wealth and connections, you can absolutely influence big changes in the world, and not just on a political level. Because Another thing you can buy is IMPACT, through philanthropy and charity. Your money can literally change countless lives. The question is, how do you distribute it? Clean water for villages? Fund new hospitals? Try to save a dying species of animal? With money, you can impact almost anything of your choice. But one of the biggest differences with billionaires that is often overlooked, is the ability to essentially buy time. You quite literally don’t have wait for anything. No lines. No sitting around. Just think about it: You’ve got your own private jet, so you just show up at the airport whenever you want, sit down in the plane and 2 minutes later you’re in the sky and can go where you wish. When you arrive, a driver will have been arranged to pick you up and take you wherever you want to go. Your assistant will have already got you the best table at the restaurant you mentioned wanting to eat at. Or maybe your assistant arranged for a celebrity chef to come to one of your vacation homes instead, at whatever time you choose. However… believe it or not, there are some downsides to being this ultra wealthy. Firstly, it’s nearly impossible to have normal emotional relationships at this level. It can become increasingly difficult to have friends and family that love you for who you are. They exist, but it is pretty hard to know which ones they are. Because, your world is likely filled with yes men, and people looking to take advantage at every opportunity. Your trust and connections with people are undoubtedly considerably weakened. Dating also becomes an odd experience. On the one hand, some of the world’s most beautiful and intelligent women are all around you at parties and events, but again, finding someone you have a genuine emotional connection with is a different story… especially because you’re time is so valuable that you’re always busy and unable to invest in making deep connections with new people. And even if you do find someone, the relationship balanced is skewed in a strange way when you have essentially unlimited money - no matter whether you pay for everything or whether your partner makes their own money, either way something feels off. And finally, and most crucially, no level of money can give you everything. Death is the great equalizer, and losing loved ones, and losing your own health and facing your own mortality, are problems that no amount of money can solve. The reddit poster who inspired this video and deserves full credit, talks about how he met Sylvester Stallone at a party, who has obviously had a very successful career. He said he was such a great guy, had huge levels of wealth and luxury, a smart and beautiful wife. And yet, he also had a special needs son who died young. In his words, Nobody has it all. Nobody. In fact, if you were watching this video and feeling poor, I think it’s worth re-thinking. Because in this video we’ve looked at several levels of wealth, but the fact you are watching this means you are nowhere close to bottom of the total wealth pyramid. It’s easy to look up and feel frustrated that some people have so much more than us, but just look down the wealth pyramid for a moment. If you have internet access to watch this, plus some food in the fridge, clothes on your back, a roof over your head and a place to sleep… … then you are richer than 75 per cent of this world. In fact, even if you have $1 to your name right now, you are still richer than the majority of the world who are either in debt, or have absolutely nothing. What this video really highlights is that rich vs poor is so arbitrary. It’s not two groups, there are many many levels. And compared to most of the world, you might well be a lot richer than you think… If you enjoyed this video, please make sure you subscribe and turn on notifications for some future mini-documentaries that are on the way. Thank you for watching to the end, you are a legend, and I’ll see you next time. Cheers!

  Top Comments:
  1. @MagnatesMedia [71 likes]: Wanna see how I grew this YouTube channel from 0 to 1,500,000+ subscribers & a 7 figure business?...

Honestly, anyone can do what I’ve done. You just need the right system to follow so you understand how the game of YouTube really works. 

So if you want to make money creating cool videos about whatever you're interested in... check out https://magnatesmedia.com (you don't even have to be on camera or show your face!)

I will personally help you with your channel and teach you everything I spent years learning. Hope to see you inside the group soon. 

Cheers! (Just click the link above to get started now) :)
  2. @NawfelIdrissi: ohhhh
  3. @FinancialChroniclesTV: Earning massive money privately is the best tricks
  4. @everettcolby8976: If you have Jesus, you have all that you need.
  5. @manyfaces637: At the end of the day, I realized I need God. Because no amount of earthly riches will completely satisfy me.  But I wonder can you be the richest in today world and still be completely loyal to God.
  6. @AIMINE21: Broo you are super genius
  7. @Ananant369: Watched earlier
  8. @srmuhibbuddin6245: Luar biasa
  9. @247Empowerment: Really eye-opening perspective on how wealth actually works behind the scenes 💰
  10. @BrandStoryLab: Rate this video from 1–10 👇
  11. @princecharming8125: All I see is just expensive useless shit.
  12. @700Bearings.78: Some of the purchases made by these folks would be better spent helping out some blue collar men and women get started on their own financial journey… instead of buy stupid pens with shiny rocks embedded in them….
  13. @rrmedia_founderorigin: Really inspiring content
  14. @RedondoBeachCali: I wanna buy Tennga
  15. @igorbazhenov1115: I work from paycheck to paycheck and I didn't want to be Ultra rich for One thing - what we are have ---they will not gonna be able to get .
  16. @PDCCapitalCO: The biggest difference between wealthy people and everyone else often isn’t income.

It’s how decisions are made with money after it’s earned.
  17. @Tobytobers1: I think ultra rich people are mentally ill.
  18. @thembinkosihoward7182: The last minute was really inspiring
  19. @troyhayder6986: They only seem rich...but they just shift debt around...most of them are vastly poorer than me...cause I have barely any debt...less than five grand...poverty line millionaires...but the debt has to be collected eventually??? Why do you get to live like that??? If I live in council flats???
  20. @TheMarketAutopsyHQ: Ability of wealth to buy time is my favorite part. You don't have to wait nor queue to get things done.

Mainly because everything necessary are been taken care of with money.

- The Empty Boat [Short Story on Self Awareness] - A Zen Motivational Story: Kind: captions Language: en-US The Empty Boat A Zen Story on Self-Awareness. in a picturesque village in Japan, there lived an old fisherman named Takeshi. He was known for his spiritual beliefs and profound understanding of life. He spent days sailing fishing in the serene lake near village. One foggy morning, while Takeshi was out on the lake, he noticed another boat rapidly approaching in the dense fog. He called out a warning, but the boat kept coming closer. It crashed into Takeshi’s boat. He managed to maintain balance, his boat damaged. initially upset ready yell at that boat’s owner. However, as the fog cleared, he realized that the other empty. It had come loose from its moorings drifted across the lake. realization no one blame or to direct his anger at made pause. His anger disappeared, replaced by an smile. Later day, when he was asked about the incident by his fellow villagers, used it as a lesson. said, “In life, we often encounter empty boats. We meet situations us, and we react with anger because assume there’s someone blame. sometimes, no one at end, intending cause harm, just like boat.” continued, “Our such only disturbs our own peace. If we can recognize accept some things happen aren’t anyone’s fault, our peace respond more wisely.” The villagers took heart words, story of the “empty boat” became a lesson self-awareness They not every affront is intentional, reacting with serves purpose other than disturbing one’s own This Zen provides a perspective managing promoting self-awareness. highlights the importance of not taking personally preserving of mind face adversities. Like Takeshi, we can learn to see ‘empty boats’ in our lives rather unhelpful anger.

  Top Comments:
  1. @jannatsdiaryofficial: Like this video ❤love It's
  2. @freefiledownload4446: mind blowing video.....
  3. @nusratjahan991: Nice❤❤❤❤
  4. @khulnamultimedia3083: this story needs more correction.
  5. @sksumon999: We always try to blame others. We should change our attitude❤❤❤❤
  6. @sumaiyatabassum7589: The story wasy really good...  I can feel every part of the story...  We all are blame someone for some reason. We have to be kind in every situation...  And the quality of the video and autio is really veary good...  ❤️

- Life and death on billionaires' superyachts: Kind: captions Language: en if people want to be on board a boat they will get exactly as they want if they want a masseuse they'll get a masseuse if they want a unicorn they'll get a unicorn like you know that's that's yacht when you see an owner looking at yachts that they're also looking at what it represents so it represents the vehm which is important you get enough sleep enough sleep yes of course we do I don't know if anybody could possibly understand how hurtful it is to hear your child's death described as an inconvenience super yachts are the ultimate luxury for the world's billionaires on board these multi-million pound craft armies of staff tend to their every wish it's a dream job for many young people but others talk of punishing ours exacting standards and withheld wages many have lost their lives at sea including three young Brits I'm now out with Fiona her son Michael drowned after falling from a 65 million pound yacht this is Michael I said this is him doing is yours that's doing his watersports yeah this was just after he'd qualified so proud when I got the call from a doctor initially to say mummy he's sitting down and I don't know what you're going to say had something's happened to Michael [Music] Michael had worked two back-to-back shifts and then gone out on the French Riviera to celebrate sailing across the Atlantic exhausted he left his crewmates in the bar to get some sleep on the yacht he found it locked up for the night desperate for his bunk he climbed to the top deck and searched for a way in he decided he would go for the access on the top of the arc and he fell and hit rejected I've come to the Monaco Yacht Show where the world's wealthy come to buy their latest super yachts yacht broker Chris settle right is here to sell yachts to the wealthy he took me on a tour of monaco harbour expensive boat in the show you can decide which one it is it's asking 275 million euros there are plenty of people on the planet that can afford it that one over there is a 99 meter Madame goo that's the largest one I've used so far it's got a heli hangar in the bow you know she's got a lovely big long bow I mean with even of a squash court in the boughs that's what's cool yeah why is this cool well because it's a heli hangar and it looks like a squash court so we put red lines on it if you've got the money in the alight building stuff you like a project yeah why not build it use it sell it build another one use it sell it near its center Tanen andr winch is the billionaire's designer of choice he's designed super yachts homes and private planes for princes two oligarchs he's invited me to see his latest project cloud nine and eighty million dollar super yacht swimming pool on new yacht Beach Terrace just jump into the sea itself big sofas to chill and relax this is yachting room has has has a balcony as well because it's very nice in the evenings when the Sun setting to have a massage at anchor in Greece with no one else around that's the swim pool kids it's fantastic because they come down and look through the glass foot operator because they're carrying the food then we've put a a blank wall so you have to do a bend the real working part of the yacht is in there Wow you shouldn't know it or see it yet should just perform perform for you Jeff Moore used to crucify us now he sells them and helps you and his fine staff I'm a qualified ship's captain I used to work on some very large yachts and I worked with some of the richest people in the world was it a fun life yeah it's fun it's it's hard work it is very hard work it's it's not all sitting here in Monaco in the sunshine the crews on the ops work were really really hard you have an hours of rest regulation which means they can't work more than a certain amount of hours per day but you have to keep going until the works done here some sort of horror stories from people that have worked as crew yes what was their stories that you've had ever witnessed them I don't have to hear them most of the muck I probably couldn't say but it's often the entourage it's the people who follow on and just demand things left behind Center I wanted to hear from the people who make their living working on super yachts and to hear their stories about what it's really like working for the super-rich what's the strangest requests you've had oh there's not a very very normal strange request is that massage therapist that arrives at 1 a.m. and stays the entire night when someone comes back from a party they've got sore feet they want a massage but they want it when they come home it's not like it's not anything strange these are massage therapists who are natives to look after people who've got tied feet from dancing they've had a long fly over and they want a massage and they're not going to wait for the spa the spa go to them or to the Caribbean you want to you know some old deeds to go into all these beautiful places to save the France but the hours that you pretend are long behind the closed doors you're working all those hours running up and down those stairs you know it's a yeah it's exhausting but it's great fun at the same time it's super free that makes it different and it can it be a dangerous environment for you guys as crew actually quite recently I was better than sure it's documents for one reason or another do you know what the price of your life donor comes to the funeral Oh No yes they didn't they wouldn't have sent even send a representative to my no one came no no how did I make they were picking up Michael Douglas and Catherine zeta-jones by then they were already on the ark this is why the OP described Michael's death as an inconvenience what would you like to see happen now I would like to see contracts all contracts on all pleasure Lots immediately include membership of a union or an organization that would look after their sailor because if you look around there the harbor today and out the ships out here and count up how many thousands of crew are involved any one of those is that active tomorrow

  Top Comments:
  1. @dubskj01 [4 likes]: My sincere condolences and deepest sympathies to the family of the young crewman that tragically died.
May he rest in peace.
  2. @craigforest7970 [3 likes]: I may be missing something but it sounds like this young man went out and drank, was exhausted then climbed up on a ship and tragically fell. That’s not exactly the fault of anyone but himself, unless there are additional facts.
  3. @NutterButterzzzz [2 likes]: Bro he looked like Logan Paul in that first photo
  4. @ktjamlex [2 likes]: The Guardian -- "rich people at fault no matter what"
  5. @Rastafarianinja [1 likes]: This is why I hate the rich, they’re not even human
  6. @Makedonac007 [1 likes]: Do you know the total ABORTIONS IN THE STATE OF TEXAS ..... ONE YEAR 2018 🙋‍♀️... THEY WERE NOT BILLIONAIRES  ... helping you stay alive here .... NOT BILLIONAIRES 🗽 🇺🇸
  7. @marchanselthomas7393 [1 likes]: 1:31 welcome to techquickie
  8. @tm502010 [1 likes]: There should have been a protocol to let someone in. He tried breaking in...
  9. @RandyRagland-m7y: Why not their own boat  dock elsewhere but in very crowded parking spot,that is pure insane !!!!!
  10. @grahamgoldie1577: Volodimir`s new friends?
  11. @cv507: GRäF itti bound ´lvxcvrryce v?v 
cr8a is such a let Dävn ^ ^ 
´´Du$zell DööRF -:- 
cännes id DiveR vv
  12. @paulhenry1897: Dope Era =DrinkChamps
  13. @charleneae: the NDAs are in work honey idk why the reporter thought his angle would make the crew sing
  14. @alison__16: A Unionized super yacht crew, now there's something that's never going to happen.
  15. @Starfish2145: Gross people.
  16. @baitedlol3315: Try not to hire white people less complaining.
  17. @homodeus8713: Sorry for her loss but surely the owners cannot be blamed for Michael’s death. MHSRIEP.
  18. @onlinemoneymaker8838: I want to be a part of Yacht. Thanks I am reading comment.
  19. @pamelahomeyer748: I would want my staff to be very happy and have enough time off
  20. @jamesmylife6578: Yo anyone got a superyacht for 330.00 american dollars and two Singaporean dollars.

- Russian oligarchs’ yachts are being seized by governments: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] so tonight i say to the russian oligarchs and the corrupt leaders who built billions of dollars off this violent regime no more the united states department of justice is assembling a dedicated task force to go after the crimes of the russian oligarchs we're joining with european allies to find and seize their yachts their luxury apartments their private jets we're coming for you or ill-begotten gains

  Top Comments:
  1. @commonsensecat6555 [3 likes]: Watch "Inside a Russian Billionaire's $300 Million Yacht" on YouTube. I've seen this thing in Marina del Rey. The flap that comes down contains three water ski boats. It's bigger than my house.  Quite a sight to behold.
I've seen it from a dock across the channel. Wish I'd taken pictures for y'all.
  2. @jasiaci1 [1 likes]: Give them 14 days to prove who the owner or have it seized and sold to rebuild Ukraine infrastructure which was destroyed by a Shell Company in 2022, when the Shell Company began Shelling every major city and town in Ukraine killing hundreds of women and children.
  3. @garyjones6438: Plenty of Oligarchs Yachts all laid up in Turkish Ports , why not any covert Operations to blow them up yet ?
  4. @ohkay7418: Take it all sell it at auction keep on
  5. @Hagen-p1n: An astounding miracle:
great thieves have been robbed, at least deprived of their very illicit wealth....
  6. @HeyMJ.: ♻️Recycle confiscated yachts.
Evac civilians by sea; Retrofit for medical /hospital; and/or Retool them for UN Special Ops. Selling the mega-yachts aren’t worth the time & money.💸
  7. @giantarcsfora9279: also confiscate everything trump owns... trump has connections to putin
  8. @devurandom: Restricting the money of ordinary Russian citizens and placing sanctions that affect the lives of ordinary people is morally corrupt and evil.   In a totalitarian regime, ordinary citizens do not have the means nor the capability of influencing their government.   The media's hype of chasing down oligarchs that own Mega yachts, is the brain child of Jen Psaki.  She sucessfully launched a viral media frenzy to sportify economic revenge to track and chase down the Mega yachts of Russia's oligarchy.   This was done so the Biden administration would be put in a positive light within the minds of American citizens in order to bolster Approval poll ratings for implementing these sanctions.  The reality is; these sanctions do nothing to Putin's war machine!  The main source of money for Putin's war is his oil and gas energy reserves.  
Sanctions on Russia's public/private/business sector should stop immediately because the fate of the US dollar hangs in the balance.  Also, the humanitarian crisis in some of the poorest regions of the world will blame the United States and the West for causing hunger and starvation.  The blowback of this policy measure will only cause the citizens of Russia to rally around Putin for relief from "Western Economic Oppression".  

If proper sanctions were put in place from the beginning, this war could possibly be over already.  

What would proper sanctions look like?  Sanctions and embargos on Russia's oil and gas industry and specific members (individuals) of the governing branch of Russia would have the desired effect; not superficial and cosmetically appealing  "Poll Rating Policies" that take the Farmville approach to administrative politics.  The world needs real results based on specific and targeted solutions; not fantasy "poll crops" concocted from political rhetoric and saber rattling.  
Don't be decieved by "dead-beat" presidential poll cropping.

It's nothing but a media three-ring circus while Biden still trys to call his grandparents to remind them that the carnival is in town; the problem is: that carnival left Biden's hometown 70 years ago, and he thinks the Whitehouse is actually the Funhouse next to the farris wheel.
  9. @FreeSmallBusiness: Putin's Floating Refugee Housing???  Can these sanctioned yachts be used for Ukrainian refugee housing???  One yacht, starting with Putin's floating mansion that was just seized, could house MANY, many  families!!!
  10. @bigjake707: Take their boats....Yeah thatll teach em!!
  11. @edgbostonnorth7167: Solution -----> torch them all burn them !  See how  they like it !!
  12. @christosioannou6273: When you gave them citizenship they weren't oligarchs. When they invested in your country and the government was taking there corrupted money
  13. @JoeyJoJoJr0: Billions of dollars in assets, and we're worried about their yachts? What a joke
  14. @SocialismSucks: How about Hunter and the Big Guy, eh fake news?
  15. @mastercheif1989: Hey that is my boat! I want it back, please move to my front yard please!
  16. @lesmowhomever174: Remember the Somalian pirates? Now governments are pirates.
  17. @billyjohn9192: This is crazy stealing people's property under the house of sanctions. It's one thing to not trade with a government but to steal the property of it's citizenry is just theft and an act of war.
 This is just as egregious as nullifying the votes of the poor people of Venezuela who elected Maduro and putting in place a American puppet who hadn't received a single vote from a single venezuelan person for his presidency. Then stealing billions in gold from these poor Venezuelans and giving it to this puppet.
 I hope the world wakes up and sees where the real evil in this world is coming from.
  18. @harrynewsprite8618: At-least-14-Russian-oligarchs-have-sheltered-their-aircraft-and-other-assets-in-Israel-since-the-Ukraine-invasion-began-because-Israel-won-t-support-western-sanctions-How-should-we-punish-Israel-for-helping-our
  19. @ernestberry-songsrestored5637: To sell them to other oligarchs? Who are of course perfect . 🤔.
  20. @miken7629: Isn't seizing billionaires assets, the basic premise of Socialism.  We saw Canada last month seizing bank accounts.   Where does it end?

- Jeff Bezos Buys $500M Superyacht As Americans Sink Into Poverty | MSNBC: Kind: captions Language: en Proven quality sleep, is life-changing sleep. Only from Sleep Number. Only from Sleep Number. >>> WE ARE RIGHT NOW AS I SPIKE TO YOU HERE IN THE U.S., IN THE MIDST OF TURNING THE CORNER ON THE CORONAVIRUS PANDEMIC. THANKS TO THESE VACCINES AND THE MASS VACCINATION EFFORT. AND DESPITE THAT, A HUGE PART OF THE COUNTRY IS STILL SUFFERING THE EFFECTS, NOT JUST OF THE DISEASE, BUT THE ECONOMIC DEVASTATION IT BROUGHT WITH IT. A SURVEY CONDUCTED JUST LAST MONTH FOUND NEARLY 17 MILLION ADULTS, 8% OF ALL ADULTS IN THE COUNTRY, REPORTED THEIR HOUSEHOLD SOMETIMES OR OFTEN DIDN’T HAVE ENOUGH TO EAT IN THE LAST SEVEN DAYS. BY CONTRAST, 3.4% OF ADULTS HAD THEIR HOUSEHOLD HAD NOT ENOUGH TO EAT AT SOME POINT IN THE 12 MONTHS OF 2019. THINGS ARE STILL REALLY BAD FOR A LOT OF PEOPLE IN THIS COUNTRY. WHICH MAKES IT ESPECIALLY JARRING WHEN YOU REMEMBER THAT THE WEALTHIEST PEOPLE IN AMERICA HAVE NOT JUST WEATHERED THE CRISIS, THEY HAVE REALLY THRIVED. ONE ANALYSIS FOUND BETWEEN MARCH 18, 2020, AND MARCH 18, 2021, THE WEALTH HELD BY THE WORLD’S BILLIONAIRES WAS $8.4 TRILLION TO $12.4 TRILLION. TO $12.4 TRILLION. THAT’S A 50% INCREASE IN WEALTH IN THE WORST MONTHS OF THE COUNTRY. IN THE WEEKS BEFORE THE PANDEMIC BEGAN, JEFF BEZOS HAD AMASSED AN ESTIMATED $130 BILLION. A LITTLE MORE THAN A YEAR LATER, HE IS WORTH AROUND $186 BILLION. HE’S WORTH NEARLY $60 BILLION MORE NOW THAN HE WAS BEFORE COVID. FOR CONTEXT, CHARLES KOCH IS THE 14th RICHEST MAN IN THE WORLD, NOT BAD. HE’S WORTH AN ESTIMATED $64 BILLION. IT IS RIGHT NOW A VERY GOOD TIME TO BE A BILLIONAIRE. THEY HAVE SO MUCH MONEY IT’S ALMOST IMPOSSIBLE TO MAKE SENSE OF IT. AGAIN, THE MATH HERE IS OBVIOUS, BUT JUST TAKE A SECOND TO REMEMBER WHAT WE’RE DEALING WITH HERE, BECAUSE ORDERS OF MAGNITUDE ARE HARD. IF YOU MAKE $50,000 A YEAR, IT WOULD TAKE 20 YEARS TO MAKE A TOTAL OF A MILLION DOLLARS. IT WOULD TAKE 20,000 YEARS TO GET TO A BILLION DOLLARS. A BILLION DOLLARS IS SO MUCH MONEY, JEFF BEZOS IS WORTH NEARLY $200 BILLION. THAT’S WHEN THE QUESTION BECOMES WHAT ON EARTH DO YOU DO WITH ALL THAT MONEY? IT’S UTTERLY IMPOSSIBLE TO SPEND IT. TOO MUCH. SO ONE OF THE MOST EXPENSIVE THINGS YOU CAN BUY IN THE WORLD, PROBABLY THE MOST EXPENSIVE THING YOU CAN BUY IS A YACHT, AND YOU’LL NEVER GUESS WHAT. YACHT SALES ARE ABSOLUTELY CRUSHING IT RIGHT NOW. THE MARKET HAS BEEN ROARING SINCE SAM TUCKER, HEAD OF SUPERYACHT RESEARCH, THE NUMBER OF TRANSACTIONS IN RECENT QUARTERS WAS RECORD BREAKING. THE SECONDHAND MARKET IS RED HOT. IF ANYTHING, DEMAND FOR EXTRAVAGANTLY YACHTS HAS OUTSTRIPPED SUPPLY. IT’S IMPOSSIBLE TO GET A SLOT IN A NEW BUILD YARD. THEY’RE TOTALLY BOOKED. TELL ME ABOUT IT. NOT SURPRISINGLY, JEFF BEZOS, THE WORLD’S RICHEST MAN, IS NOW GOING TO BUILD A SUPERYAUPT OF HIS OWN. THE WORLD OF SUPERYACHTS IS, AS YOU MIGHT IMAGINE, VERY SECRETIVE, BUT IT’S ESTIMATED THIS NEW SUPERYACHT IS GOING TO BE 417 FEET LONG AND TO COST MORE THAN HALF A BILLION WITH A "B" DOLLARS JUST TO BUILD. THE THING IS THAT IS ABOUT .2 OF A TOTE OLOF HIS WEALTH OR WHAT $100 IS TO SOMETHING MAKING $50,000. WE DON’T KNOW EXACTLY WHAT BEZOS’ YACHT WILL LOOK LIKE, BUT THIS IS A YACHT OWNED BY A RUSSIAN OLIGARCH, ABOUT THE SAME LENGTH. GIANT MASTS LIKE BEZOS’ IS EXPECTED TO HAVE, BUT OF COURSE, YOU KNOW, NO SHIP IS PERFECT. RIGHT? YOU HAVE HEARD IT A MILLION TIMES, AS BLOOMBERG REPORTS, ONE THING BEZOS’ SHIP WON’T HAVE BECAUSE OF ITS ENORMOUS SAILS IS A HELIPAD. SO BEZOS AND HIS PARTNER HAVE COMMISSIONED A SUPPORT YACHT. YES, A SUPPORT YACHT, LIKE A SUPPORT DOG, BUT YACHTIER, WITH I MEAN, WHEN THE SALES S SAILS A BIG, YOU HAVE TO GET A SUPPORT YACHT, BECAUSE HOW DO YOU GET YOUR SUPERYACHT WITHOUT YOUR HELICOPTER. THIS YACHT IS GOING TO HAVE A JUNIOR YACHT, LITTLER, AND THAT WILL HAVE A HELIPAD, AND THAT WILL GO WITH THE OTHER YACHT WHEREVER IT GOES SO BEZOS CAN FLY HIS HELICOPTER ON TO THE BUDDY YACHT AND GO FROM THE BUDDY YACHT TO THE BIGGER YACHT. ARE YOU FOLLOWING? THIS IS THE WAY THE WORLD IS RIGHT NOW IN THE SECOND GILDED AGE. THE AMOUNT OF CAPITAL ACCUMULATION AT THE VERY TOP IS INCOMPREHENSIBLE INCOMPREHENSIBLE, PROBABLY UNRIVALED IN GLOBAL HISTORY. THERE ARE OTHER PEOPLE ON THAT LEVEL, NOT JUST JEFF BEZOS, A BUNCH OF THEM. 9 OF THE 10 RICHEST PEOPLE IN THE WORLD LIVE HERE IN THE UNITED STATES. U.S. STILL HAS MORE BILLIONAIRES THAN ANY OTHER COUNTRY WITH 724, UP FROM 614 LAST YEAR. THEY ADDED MORE THAN 100 BILLIONAIRES IN A YEAR WHEN MOST OF THE COUNTRY WAS EXPERIENCING THE WORST ECONOMIC DOWNTURN IN A CENTURY. THERE’S AN ARGUMENT THAT SOME KIND OF INTERVENTION IS

  Top Comments:
  1. @calvinh.8882 [1 likes]: Hey, You jealous people, you act as if it's Jeff Bezos's fault that all of you keep buying things from his company! Blame the owner and not the customers right? got it! lmao! 
I wish he would just shut his company down so that the government (TAXPAYERS) would have to pay the 10's of thousands of employees food stamps so they can eat and other benefits!  
He employs over 1.3-MILLION people to be more exact,  And that's exactly why he gets tax breaks that so many are mad about, but if it wasn't for his company then MANY MILLIONS of people would be out of jobs because his employees are not the only one with a job because of him, the millions of people that produce many of the things his company needs in order to operate would also lose their jobs. 
Just a few things to think about when you're mad because they get tax breaks. That man pays more per YEAR in property taxes than millions of certain U.S.citizens put together will pay in their entire lifetime! 
I wouldn't even try to guess the amount he pays per week into Social Security for all those 1.3-million employees. Yes, the employer pays like half of that every week for employees, and then you have the medical benefits he pays for. 

I know I know, all that doesn't matter to those who only see that he's rich and they're not!
  2. @alanzom1503 [1 likes]: Maybe the reporter should move to a communist country like Romania or something. He forgot to mention the thousands of jobs Bezos created for Americans. He's not a cause of poverty but the opposite.
  3. @Brick_Tamlin [1 likes]: And MSNBC probably thinks he can give every American a million dollars..  out of that 500mill... 🤣
  4. @Shi_8_richforever: Cry harder jealous losers 😂😂😂
  5. @AnhTuPhucDerrickHoangCanada: Jeff Jeff is your corporation like a village with like peasants and nere do Wells and charities in there, like do you have a toy train track and on one side is the scum and on the other side of the professionals is your corporation Jeff like a village
  6. @equos666: Keep buying on Amazon and killing small businesses. He needs another boat!
  7. @israelmendoza7599: Jeff Bezos is in his late 50's, he knows he probably only has 30 years to enjoy his wealth before he kicks the bucket, so why not enjoy it while you can
  8. @bharth_yadav: Jeff Brazos : I miss the part were that's my problem
  9. @billjones3868: eat the rich
  10. @jarrodyuki7081: rich people dont believe the poor have a will.
  11. @aashish406: Why would he care
  12. @devidgeorge5695: Anthony Hill legit and his method works like magic I keep on earning every single week with his new strategy
  13. @JLayneHudson: Jealous much?
  14. @shaunjohnson8099: The time will come when the poor stands up and throws the tea overboard....Just keep your AR15 and hide your AMO
  15. @bablu4195: America Arnab
  16. @Vramirez6582: 🤣🤣🤣 Leave the man alone and let him live.
  17. @pg4746: So capitalism 🍿
  18. @dallastx: Good for him!
  19. @bubbleobill267: Support yachts are all the rage at the moment. Jeff’s new tub can’t be that good, most super yachts have two helipads. Get with the times Jeff!.
  20. @johnnyvillegas2263: Guys before any of y’all buy a super-yacht make sure you ask msnbc to make sure it’s okay.

- How Qatar’s Royal Family Spends $335 Billion: Kind: captions Language: en What if I told you there's a family whose wealth is so vast it makes billionaires look like mere mortals? Welcome to the world of Qatar's Althani family, a dynasty that's rewriting the rules of luxury. Imagine yachts bigger than most people's homes, private jets that cost more than entire cities, and a huge fortune that could change the global economy. Sounds like something out of a fairy tale, right? Well, it's all real. Hold on tight because what you're about to discover will blow your mind. From worldclass investments to jaw-dropping extravagance, get ready for a peak into the lifestyle of the super rich in ways you've never imagined and wondered how the world's most powerful and wealthy families live. The Althanas have a story that'll leave you speechless. Buckle up for a ride through opulence like you've never seen before. The Althani dynasty, let's start with the basics. You've heard of the royals before, but the Althani family, they're on a whole new level. The Amir of Qatar, Shik Tamim bin Hammed Althani, holds the highest power in Qatar and is also part of a lineage that controls over $335 billion in assets. Yes, you heard that right. Billion with a B. And if you think that's impressive, wait. Shake Tamim's fortune is estimated to exceed $2 billion. But the story doesn't stop there. Shik Tamim's father, former Amir Hammad bin Khalifa Alani, made massive strides in shaping Qatar's future. transforming it into one of the richest nations on earth. A fascinating twist in the family's history, Shik Tamim became heir to the throne in 2003, not by the traditional path, but because his older brother, Shik Jasim, chose to step down from his claim to the throne. This pivotal moment marked the beginning of a new era for Qatar, and the Althani family's wealth continued to soar from there. The Althani dynasty didn't achieve this fortune overnight. Their incredible wealth is rooted in a unique combination of oil, natural gas, and strategic investments. Their ability to diversify their wealth across industries and continents has solidified their power and influence on a global scale. These royal figures are not just managing their wealth, they're shaping the world's financial landscape in ways few could imagine. The Sovereign Wealth Fund. Now, let's talk about the source of this incredible fortune, the Qatar Investment Authority, QIA. This sovereign wealth fund is one of the largest in the world with assets reaching an astounding $335 billion. That's right, billions. But how do they spend all this? Well, they've got their fingers in nearly every pie you can imagine. The Althani family doesn't just invest in one sector or country. They are a global force. Their sovereign wealth fund has made massive investments across industries such as real estate, sports, and infrastructure, making them one of the most powerful financial players in the world today. They've invested in iconic landmarks and high-profile companies across the globe. From the Empire State Building in New York to massive real estate holdings in London, Paris, and beyond, their reach is undeniable. But the investments don't stop with physical properties. The Althani family has poured money into major companies like Volkswagen, Barclays, and Credit Swiss. Their portfolio also extends to the luxury goods sector, including a significant stake in Herods, one of the most famous department stores in the world. Let's not forget about their involvement in the sports industry. In 2022, Qatar hosted the FIFA World Cup, a colossal achievement in the world of sports and a statement of the family's growing influence on the global stage. This extraordinary wealth isn't just for show. It's a testament to the Althani family's calculated long-term financial planning. Their investments aren't haphazard. They're highly strategic, and the family's wealth grows exponentially. Even more remarkable is its ability to keep this wealth in the family while expanding its global footprint. The lifeblood of Qatar's wealth. But how did this royal family get to such heights? Look no further than the natural gas reserves. Qatar is one of the world's largest exporters of liqufied natural gas LNG and this resource has been the true engine driving the nation's prosperity. In fact, Qatar holds the world's third largest reserves of natural gas and it has become the lifeblood of its economic power. The country's natural gas reserves allow Qatar to produce LNG at an extraordinary scale, creating wealth that has transformed the nation into a global financial powerhouse. The Althani family's wealth was built through this resource, which continues to fuel the country's economy today. Natural gas provides the family with immense riches and allows them to exert control over global markets in ways few nations can. For the Alani family, the rise to power has been a strategic move, a mix of investing in the right resource at the right time. As the global demand for clean energy continues to rise, Qatar's position as a leader in LNG production ensures that its royal family will remain wealthy for generations to come. Their wealth isn't fleeting. It's deeply rooted in a resource that continues to shape the global economy. Luxury jets. Okay, are you ready for this? The Alani family doesn't just travel like any regular person. No, no, they travel like royalty. We're talking about private jets that cost more than most people's lives combined. Picture this. The Althani family owns a fleet of three Boeing 747-8 jets. Each one of these beauties costs over $400 million. And that's just the beginning. There are also several Airbus models, each valued between $100 million and $500 million. Talk about flying in style. But this isn't just about getting from point A to point B. This is about owning some of the world's most luxurious and technologically advanced aircraft. Their fleet includes a Boeing business jet BBJ2, two Boeing 747400s, a Boeing 767400 ER, and a Gulfream G4. The jets are decked out with the finest interiors, and some of these planes are equipped with features that most people can only dream of. Think private suites, gourmet kitchens, state-of-the-art entertainment systems, and even full-time staff to cater to every need. The family can travel anywhere without leaving the comfort of their flying palaces. Whether they're heading to a business meeting in London or a vacation in the Mediterranean, the Althani family never has to worry about the hassle of commercial flights. Having this kind of wealth is all about luxury and convenience. Mega yachts fit for kings. But wait, jets aren't the only way they travel. The Althani family is also known for owning some of the most extravagant yachts. You thought you knew luxury on the water? Think again. Among their most impressive vessels are the Qatara and the Al-Mirkab. The Qatara owned by Shik Hammad bin Khalifa Althani, the former Amir of Qatar, is a 124 meter mega yacht valued at nearly $400 million. This luxurious vessel boasts a helicopter pad, multiple leisure decks, and other lavish amenities. Registered in Doha, Qatar, the Qatara is the epitome of opulence on the water. The Almir, owned by Hammad bin Jasim bin Jabra Althani, the former prime minister and foreign minister of Qatar, is equally remarkable. Completed in 2008, it stretches an impressive 133 meters in length and accommodates 24 guests in 10 luxurious suites, including two VIP suites. With a crew of 60, the Al-Marab offers an unmatched experience of grandeur and comfort. These yachts are vessels and floating emblems of the Althani family's wealth and global influence, the car collection. Let's be real for a second. When you have the wealth of the Althani family, your car collection needs to match your stature. And theirs, well, it's nothing short of spectacular. The Emiratar owns some of the world's rarest and most luxurious vehicles. Picture this. A Bugatti DVO, a Bugatti Veyron, and a Bugatti Chiron. These cars are more than just vehicles. They're icons of speed, design, and exclusivity. But wait, there's more. How about a La Ferrari Aerta or a Lamborghini Centinario? And let's not forget the Mercedes AMG 6x6. A six-heel monster of a car that's as much a work of art as a beast on the road. Oh, and a Rolls-Royce Phantom for those days when you want to travel in ultimate comfort. Every car in the Althani collection is a statement, a representation of the family's extreme wealth and power. These cars aren't just about luxury, but about making an impression. Whether cruising through the streets of Doha or attending exclusive events worldwide, the Althani family's vehicles symbolize their status as one of the wealthiest families on Earth. The Althani family's wealth is more than just numbers. It's the lifeblood of Qatar. Are you amazed yet? You should be. The Althani family is living proof that there's wealth. And then there's the kind of wealth that changes the world. So next time you think about luxury, think bigger. Think of the Althani family because they don't just live in opulence, they define it. Thanks for watching. Don't forget to like, subscribe, and hit the bell for more incredible stories. See you soon.

- World's Most Expensive Yacht Up For Sale | CNBC: Kind: captions Language: en it's arguably the world's most expensive yacht currently for sale this is the super yacht ulses and it comes with a price tag of $195 million this 107 M Expedition yacht is practically new having launched earlier this year it can accommodate a staggering 30 guests across 15 cabins and if you're the owner you'll be able to call this master suite home but it isn't just the Living Spaces that will attract you extraordinary capacity The Vessel has for carrying tenders and toys there are no fewer than I think 12 tenders on board the boat ranging from a 70t 45 knot catamaran down to small sailing traran and of course not that's not including the the ATV the four-wheel four-wheel drive cars we have down below and the and the motorbikes I mean it really has everything this boat if that isn't enough why not add a helicopter complete with its very own hanger the yacht is owned by New Zealand's richest man businessman Graham Hart he is currently waiting for another yacht one that is just a few meters longer so who might a prospective buyer be for this 3177 ft long vessel people that want to go further a field people that want to do proper exploring uh I guess real adventurers there are a number of enormous super Yachts currently for sale on the market and ulses narrowly outranks Salange that yacht is currently on sale for $190 million hey CNBC fans thanks for checking out our YouTube channel here you're going to find videos packed with all of the information that you need to be smarter about your finances you can subscribe by clicking right here and click on all the videos around me or the eye right here to watch the latest from CNBC thanks for watching

  Top Comments:
  1. @paulmunro3175 [5 likes]: I have been contemplating putting in a bid, but unfortunately the CERB payments stop this weekend. Maybe the next wave will be protracted; I can only be optimistic.
  2. @paulahogeweg5319 [1 likes]: Geweldig om dit een periode te doen
  3. @maldavion1003 [1 likes]: clickbait! World's most expensive Yacht my ass.
  4. @9time98 [1 likes]: Here a question we need a anwear to why have this just WhY???
  5. @yugandhargundelly [1 likes]: How much ?
  6. @อาคมมากบุญ-ภ7ฐ [1 likes]: เขาให้พี่น้อง
  7. @อาคมมากบุญ-ภ7ฐ [1 likes]: เรือสำราญก็มี
  8. @Andy_M986: World's most Expensive? You don't get out much by the looks of this.
  9. @EverythingEverything0: a month of real happy life much more   better than that and more ....
  10. @EverythingEverything0: OK & 0$
  11. @ugoernest3790: Thank you ❤️😊
  12. @s.d.s.4674: What a waste of money. The arrogance is startling.
  13. @mrboaty7162: Not the most expensive by a long way, Dilbar or Eclipse would be double that . And it’s not a true super yacht . It was built by a commercial fishing ship yard from a hull design they already had . Interior is nice but no where near Dilbar. As an aside the yard wouldn’t build the yacht for the owner unless he ordered two so he did . Built this one first and then sold it and kept the even bigger one for himself .
  14. @robertblack7352: Do you take personal checks?
  15. @norwayman640: Mark zuccerberg or whatever his name is owns it now
  16. @bernadetteeugene4052: WORD'S.MORT.EXPENSIVE.YACHT
UP.FOR.7/21/1961.Birthday.la
Bernadette.Eugene.anne.princess.la
Bernadette.Eugene.anne.Elizabeth.la
Bernadette.Eugene.anne.Launcher.la
Bernadette.Eugene.anne.7/21/1961.la
Bernadette.Eugene.Anne.official.la
7/21/1961.Birthday.Share!.la
Signature.Bernadette.Eugene.anne.la
Bernadette.Eugene.anne.Mortgage.la
  17. @mauriceclemens3286: Building a yacht this bid makes reselling it problematic. There aren’t that many rich people out there that will need a ship this big.
  18. @adityakusumayanti4999: Siapa yang kirim Vidio ini....panggil ,Dinda ke saya ... .??ooohhh terimakasih banyak......baik sekali ke saya.......
  19. @rahimsabdel3776: My bodyguard is the dictator Aladeen and the 7 virgins.
  20. @DonLee1980: Think about it.  SOMEONE thought this $200 million yacht was not good enough for them to keep.  Most would feel quite special to even have a $200,000 boat.

- How to Become a Shipowner and Build Generational Wealth: Kind: captions Language: en ever wondered who controls the massive cargo ships that transport 90% of global trade or how some of the world's wealthiest individuals built their fortunes on the high seas in this episode I dive deep into the Hidden World of ship ownership a business that is capital intensive and has high barriers to entry but for those who make it it generates massive wealth and influence and no one does it better than the Greek ship owners a small nation that owns one of the largest Merchant fleets in the world how did they achieve this and what can aspiring entrepreneurs and investors learn from their success well stick around because we're about to reveal the secrets of the shipping tycoons [Music] let's start with the basics why do ship owners become so wealthy well it's because of high profit potential a single oil tanker could generate Millions per year in Charter fees strong Global demand 90% of World Trade happens via shipping meaning theand never truly dies leverage and financing options ships can be leased financed or bought at a discount allowing ship owners to scale quickly in high barrier to entry that capital investment is massive but that also keeps competition low unlike traditional businesses shipping doesn't rely on local markets it's a global business where the best operators make deals across multiple continents when we talk about legendary ship owners we have to talk about the Greeks despite being a small country Greece controls over 20% of the world's Merchant Fleet that's billions of dollars in assets but how did they get there well first of all let's look at post World War II opportunity after World War II the US offered Liberty ships at low prices to Greek entrepreneurs such as stavos Naros and arist Onasis The Savvy businessmen but The Fleets at a discount and dominated global Shipping smart financing and leverage Greek ship owners mastered the art of buying ships during economic downturns when prices are low then selling or leasing them when demand spikes this strategy has allowed them to profit in both good and bad times operating with low costs they registered chips under flags of convenience such as such as Panama or Liberia to lower taxes and labor cost and keep their operations highly profitable and Global influence and connections Greek ship owners build powerful relationships with oil companies governments and Banks ensuring steady contracts and financing options okay so now we know why ship ownership is so lucrative how can you get started there are different types of ships each serving a different Market container ships they're used for General cargo and e-commerce deliveries such as Amazon Alibaba and other e-commerce sites oil and gas tankers highly profitable but sensitive to Global oil prices bulk carriers the transport Commodities such as grain coal and iron ore and then we have LG ships used for transporting liquefied natural gas one of the fastest growing sectors therefore each has its own risks and rewards so choose the ship wisely most ship owners don't start by buying brand new ships they lease them or buy them secondhand at a discount with leasing or chartering some companies lease ships to others for a fixed period this allows new ship owners to operate without the massive upfront costs and with buying new ships older ships can be bought at a fraction of the price of new on Savvy ship owners buy ships during recessions when prices are Rock Bottom take John fericon the Norwegian billionaire who started with old tankers and turned them into a shipping Empire worth billions of dollars since ships are expensive most owners use creative financing strategies to get started such as bank loans and shipping Finance these are specialized banks that lend money for ship purchases private investors and shipping funds High net worth investors are looking for opportunities in shipping and government grants and subsidies some governments offer support for shipping startups Greek ship owners rarely use their money they secure financing buy ships at a discount and make profits before paying off debts once you have a ship you need clients that's where networking comes in Greek ship owners massive the art of deal making securing contracts with oil companies like shell and Exxon Mobile retail giants like Walmart and Amazon and governments needing Naval and transport services the key reliability and cost efficiency clients need chips that are available well-maintained and affordable becoming a ship owner isn't easy it's Capital intensive high risk and requires global connections but for those who are willing to pursue it and make it the rewards are enormous keep in mind massive income potential ships generate millions in Charter fees Global business influence you're part of the backbone of World Trade and generational wealth shipping Empires can last for centuries if you receive value from this segment kindly like subscribe and share it until the next episode follow your business goals like a ship with a Rudder and stay savvy

  Top Comments:
  1. @Jason4Star [1 likes]: Where would I go to find second hand bulk and container ships for sale?
  2. @biffbum8221: If as you said the core difficulty of becoming a ship owner is the high asset value of ships, then, when listing reasons as to why Greeks dominate this sector, you might as well have left out those reasons besides “The US offered ships to the Greeks at a discount” 😅 

P.S. In this case, saying “discount” would be a big understatement! US practically gave away the ships.
  3. @ChimaChristian: Do you offer private consulting services to those new entrants into the sector?
  4. @johnseafarer396: how to get money first

- Why do all billionaires want to buy a Yacht?: Kind: captions Language: en Skiers descend the slopes of a glacier it's the off-piste skiing experience many people dream of there's no ski lift the only way to get there is by helicopter do you wanna have lunch up in the mountains up here oh yeah I mind the six at the end of the day after a dozen runs the group thinks about returning four minutes of flight later and they're at their destination this privileged group heads towards the pontoon of a mega yacht equipped with a landing platform we're in Greenland avila we set a 14 hour flight from Paris virgin snow incredible almost for all the time they're here for five days a very exclusive trip there are nine of them and to take care of them a crew of 30 this is their yacht 78 meters long named the legend it's what's called an expedition yacht a boat capable of sailing in the most remote seas the latest trend is not to go to the Caribbean but to the polar regions even in the far-flung corners of the world here you can live an extravagant luxury in comfort a huge wood panel dining room a fireplace that pretends to make fire 13 cabins worthy of a five-star hotel a lounge for cigar lovers or for music lovers a grand piano the owner of the legend is Yann Vic Eric he has 3 yachts and is the heir of an important family of Dutch merchants what he loves most is sailing and sharing his passion with friends simply to feel to feel help and when people come on board and I put the shoes out and they're gonna see this their feet on the couch that means I help and that's the whole idea friend I think has a perfect holiday and has a perfect time on the bus Yanis own luxury mega yachts for 25 years now boats get bigger but it's obvious the boats are about four times bigger five times bigger even 120 140 meter so the whole scale is completely different for the last 10 years billionaires have been racing to build the most gigantic yacht between Arab sheiks Russian oligarchs an American businessman the question is who will have the longest boat the most expensive the craziest the most expensive yacht in the world the Azam is 180 meters long it belongs to the Emir of Abu Dhabi it costs five hundred and fifty million euros the mega yacht owners club is ultra private with its rituals in its secrets to design them the owners call upon the world's greatest designers the a was designed for a Russian billionaire by Frenchman Philip Starck to afford one of these giants of the Seas one mustn't be afraid to spend a 50-meter boat costs fifty million euros to buy and roughly six to ten million euros to operate per year you also need to bankroll a large staff we have one girl who serves the breakfast wanna go just happen one girl who's in the laundry isn't all stop all day it's a contest to see who will have the most outrageous toys on board like this personal submarine equipped with advanced technology when you leave it several millionaires have granted us special access aboard their boats from Dubai to Miami Greenland to Monaco an investigation into this over-the-top world huge sales swell in the wind a deck the size of a tennis court 12 crew men run in all directions we're off the coast of Miami aboard one of the world's largest sailing yachts the sea Burris this mega yacht is 70 meters long and belongs to this man American billionaire Bill Duke ur the sea is agitated today just how he likes it this Sunday he invited some friends on a spontaneous day trip to enjoy his yacht the staff in uniform pamper the guests a casual selection of sandwiches for lunch even if on board everything costs a small fortune like this when you get finished with China glasses house sheets things like that you know you've spent more than a million dollars I have a joke if the rest of the world learns what it's like to live on a yacht like this they're gonna bring back the guillotine the owner paid the modest sum of 70 million euros for this yacht after a few hours at sea the boat returns to its port in Miami Florida Bill Duke er lives at the entrance of the harbor in a building nicknamed billionaires Tower he owns a trip flex of over 2,000 square meters the apartment looks like a museum frank stella valdez Dubuffet the great names of contemporary art are omnipresent on the top floor the owner has put in a swimming pool the apartment was valued at 60 million euros the billionaire is proud that he developed such a project you're at in the best apartment in the best building in Miami you have the most spectacular views of Miami Fisher Island and the ocean on that side of Miami Beach in the ocean on this side I don't know that anybody else we've done this I don't know that anybody else could have done this I mean I think it's a unique apartment it is in my view the best apartment in Miami Beach it's the best apartment I think on the East Coast like many billionaires mildew Kerr is always surrounded by people he has a designer Peter Horry Levitch who only works for him together they designed this apartment and his yacht 2009 I learned that I had melanoma and that the melanoma had spread to my lymph nodes and you know you certainly begin to think that life is short in the day or two after that I called Peter and I said that I wasn't gonna go forward with this apartment or with the boat and at the end of that week I said to myself I can't live like that I can't however long I have I can't live without a plan and a a reason to do something special and so I called them back and I said forget it we're going to forward with the boat we're going forward with the apartment the billionaire is now cured he takes great pleasure in gazing at his yacht from his balcony I used to joke before the boat got here that that would be great to put the boat right here at the end of the dock the main mast which is seventy three meters would come above the space that we're standing on now that's first bill duker was a business lawyer after trouble with the American justice system he had to start again from scratch he has since made a fortune in computer software I enjoy what I do from work I enjoy what I do so I enjoy my friends in every respect regular guy even when he's not sailing the owner visits his toy every day he's welcomed by the captain like all the crew he earns a yearly salary he makes between 15,000 and 20,000 euros a month this yacht is a living area of nearly 1,000 square meters with a living room a massage area and a gym and the billionaires cabin there are five other cabins like the apartment the boat is full of works of art like this fresco inspired by Picasso's masterpiece Guernica bill du coeur is also proud of these 13 storage trunks yeah how many alligators actually died for 150 alligators farm-raised oh yeah fireplace very stress Department now in Florida there's alligators everywhere they eat our dogs so crocodile kill ya know no crocodiles are endangered but alligators are not and you know it really is this beautiful thing today bill du coeur invited some friends to visit his yacht David Boies and his wife Mary boyce is one of the biggest lawyers in the u.s. the couple has their own small yacht it's a one-of-a-kind I've never seen anything like it and I've been on twenty Perini's over the years whenever Mary climbs aboard a yacht for the first time she carries out a rather unusual ritual climbing the mast hosted here all the way to the top of mast well she's done it before I think she's crazy a little cocktail for courage 66 year old Mary is not faint-hearted when you do this you feel like a bird your weight was very high and you see the world in a very different way the way a bird does it's a long way up there a ship's boy is sent up first and then it's time for her 73 meter ascent go sweetheart I've seen her do this so many times I never get used to the whole adventure lasted less than 15 minutes that same evening bill Duker organizes a cocktail party he wants to show how proud he is of his mega yacht for him the boat is above all a visible sign of wealth this is an opportunity for them to see a piece of art and it makes you happy bill du coeur has big plans for his new boat in a few weeks he's planning to take it to the Mediterranean to Monaco on the coast of the Mediterranean the small principality is home to the world's largest concentration of billionaires it's also the rallying point for mega yachts the Norwegian española know has set up his offices in this yachting capital he's a highly requested naval architect and speaker of five languages we're lucky to have our office right here on the harbour with the boats just in front jus south boats as far as the eye can see there is a concentration of yachts here of course but also yachting professionals there are 300 companies here that are related to your team come with me here when the design office where everyone is working on different projects ESPA no way no design ships that often cost several hundred million euros he employs about 20 engineers and designers what started his career was this boat the octopus the first mega yacht in history a 126 metre boat built in 2003 that belongs to the billionaire Paul Allen the co-founder of Microsoft a ship equipped with three submarines and two helicopter landing pads more recently española now built the dilbar fifteen thousand and five hundred tons or forty Airbus a380s here are some pictures of his construction 90 crew members are needed to navigate it he belongs to a Russian billionaire Espanola no always starts the yard with a draft a few strokes of pencil on paper it's a bit like old cooter we start with a general plan for the boat which I do by hand and then from that we transpose it into 2d on the computer and then in 3d everything comes together like a puzzle it takes between three to five years to complete a project from the first meeting with the client to delivery of the boat ESPA no way no is a little like the Karl Lagerfeld of yachting a mix of audacity and classicism beloved by the press do you still work to bring in customers no they come on their own we don't even have a website it's a small world with a lot of word-of-mouth it's a pyramid the higher you are in the pyramid the less people there are and the more they know each other in a week the designer has to attend one of the world's largest yachting shows not far away in Monaco Sabrina Monty Leone is also preparing for the same show did you prepare the plates leather samples she sells accessories and furniture for luxury yachts her brand is simply called Sabrina Monte Carlo if you take a boat and turn it over then we do everything that would fall everything that moves on a boat from the TSP to the sofa to the curtains and so on after a career in Preta forte she switched to luxury decoration 21 years ago today she knows all the codes it's the men who choose it's funny because in the home it's the women but boats are very masculine and 80% of our clients are men because a boat is very expensive it's a lot of money they need control over it it's their baby they're the ones who decide and it's so much easier that way it's so much easier after Dubai on the shores of the Arabian Persian Gulf the New York of the Middle East where we find the Norwegian designer Espen oh no I can't because I have a client meeting in Cap d'Antibes on Thursday five o'clock I'd love to but unfortunately I can't I'm flying to London on Thursday nights at 20-something and then I'm flying to Geneva in the afternoon we could have a late lunch in London perhaps on Friday if he's in London on Friday all right thanks get back to you bye bye sorry that was a broker who wants to organize an appointment with a client it's always the same it travels things to do he's there and I'm here when I'm there he's here he's here for only 24 hours participating in an unmissable event in the yachting world the emirate of Dubai is the mecca from mega yachts in the Middle East the Boat Show has been held here for 25 years one of the largest boat gatherings in the world it's no coincidence half the world's largest yachts belong to the wealthy Arabs of the Persian Gulf each year the Emir of Dubai himself Sheikh Mohammad Al Maktoum honors the event with his presence accompanied by his court and his bodyguards this is the afterdeck ESPA no way no does not have a stand he uses one of his latest creations this boat the silver fast for publicity adopts Khmer see comes when you sit over here like this you can see the surface of the sea nautical shows are opportunities to show our know-how and we're fortunate today to have one of our boats in the fair it's not always the case because the bigger the boats are the more private they are with buffs among people don't really want to show them in a fair because it's their home after all this boat belongs to a German billionaire who wants to resell it its price 80 million euros with the 7,000 horsepower engine it can go up to 25 knots 50 kilometers an hour it is one of the most powerful in the world one of the most luxurious as well according to the naval architect is designed for a new type of client is the myth of the old potbelly billionaire outdated for 10 years now we've been making more contemporary boats that reflect the fact that the ship owners are getting younger people make money earlier and earlier it seems the average age of a ship owner has fallen considerably when I started 30 years ago the owners were all at least 60 years old today we have clients who are 3040 years old hey at sunset the visitors increase you see the boat has a totally different atmosphere now with the lights the music each of these men is a potential customer for s-pen away no the goal is to spark their interest now he's putting on his show for this rich emirati we're having any have any cool bird that is launching in April the really cool one you'll see I was you mid April I will see what's out about it but good thing is that somebody you know very well yes hello yes the show is coming alive the music the lights here it's all about nightlife before leaving again the next morning Espen oh we know has an important appointment hi Edward how are you Misha I brought you some friends Michael Bremen is the sales manager of the world's most prestigious shipyard a company located in Bremen in northern Germany one out of three mega yachts comes from this yard images filmed inside are rare as with all private yachts secrecy is essential I don't know how many boats we've done together don't tell everyone more than 20 let's say I have to talk to you we're going to talk about serious things so I have to remove my microphone you have a microphone yes why do you have to remove the microphone because we're going to talk about serious things serious things in this world as soon as one speaks of customers or prices lips are sealed in Dubai on the pontoons you talk about power hull design but these ships also have to be decorated and that's the job of Sabrina Monteleone II the Moroccan decorator here she's in her element this man is a Saudi billionaire who owns one of the biggest yachts in the world this gentleman is the owner of the boats lady Morra which is docked in Monaco all year long but now I think it's in a refit in a German shipyard his ship the lady Maura measures 105 meters one of the first mega yachts in the world it was launched in 1990 the owners Sir Al Rashid is an influential advisor to the Saudi royal family with a fortune estimated it's several billion euros she's going to take good care of him so you know we are missing the boat on the bay in Monaco your boat is a part of one of the port there is this time here's the stamp it was printed in 2013 by the Principality of Monaco this morning Sabrina Monteleone a is expecting an important client my Kuwaiti man is lost the problem is he's on the other side I don't understand what happened he's been circling all around oh but he'll get here eventually this is a client who regularly comes to Monaco and he saw that I'm here so he absolutely wants to visit the boat and now he's lost he's a good customer he's been trying to find the boat show for an hour and a half so I don't understand after an hour an assistant finally locates him I have him here with me Oh Michels found him perfect we found him the man wearing the cap made a special trip from Kuwait a two-hour flight to buy furniture from her the young woman has set up her showroom on one of the arts in the show everything uses can't see there are our items I'm thinking piece on this boat okay so you remember that you have the same at home and we send you something like this in this color for sure we will see here's what we don't let his casual look fool you he belongs to her very wealthy Kuwaiti family he comes every season and buys non-stop stop throughout the year I sent him things then he sends me photos and then I send I send I send now he wants to order more I don't know what yet but he's a very nice man he got lost but he's very nice it'll be all right where is he oh here he is so what do you think yeah CUDA how many of them well you have this color ready yes so maybe we can take the friendly oh it's matching two colors white with this yes I send you the picture house officially and boats everything that's why I like to work with this Sabrina and she have top things and it's good because every year we see each other and it's a very good buy you buy you come and you know what is nice when you come and say okay one this and this and this and this and this so it's quite good too it's quite fun parasol's sofas armchairs in a few minutes the Sheik has placed in order for more than two hundred thousand euros the decorators time has not been wasted thank you your sympathy he's a very nice customer it's great that he's happy and he's always happy he always says be photos we've bought sup what I always say is that if the client is happy I'm happy alex is 36 years old he's not a billionaire he doesn't own a yacht and yet everyone knows him here how are you pretty soon yeah absolutely hey how's it going good so you're the guy busy show yes that's what you've been busy oh yeah we go I'm doing good essential requests is they all good I know from Instagram he's very famous in fact Alex known as the yacht guy is a social media star born in Brooklyn for the last two years he's been making a living from his passion for boats he has almost a million followers on Instagram and regularly posts pictures that make you dream he also makes videos of yachts he travels the world invited by brands to do promotion he's what's called an influencer so I'm here thanks to dibs Dubai International Boat Show who has brought me in all the way from Boston to come and bring exposure to the show I'm selling exposure I'm selling exposure the majority of the people that follow are probably dreamers right and probably young kids but there's if 1% of 1 million people were potential clients that's still a huge number actually this is how I earn my living this is exactly how I own my life and it's not a bad living I mean it's it's great yeah I mean how often you get to travel the world you know visit all these amazing places stay spend time on board yachts and and get paid for it this morning he has a meeting with Mahmud the sales manager an Emirates yacht builder well I've got to go on board and do my thing which boat do you want me to show on Facebook the hundred the 100 you haven't done it another hundred right and we are now live what's up everybody we are live from the Dubai International Boat Show so we are gonna take a tour on the majesty 100 it's one of their newest lines they just they just launched it and I am here with Mahmoud one of the big guys here he's gonna give us a tour and walk us to the boat right let's do it I'll spin you guys around and we're gonna follow my mood for a live 15 minute visit on Instagram Alex builds nearly 3000 euros and the miracle of social networks the results are immediate so charge your phone it's charging you want me to catch back up at you I want to go and do a whole full photo shoot of this boat and then I want to post it on Facebook but then I'll catch him with you another all right all right perfect so now I get to do it all over again for Facebook so this is the probably the thing so everybody thinks oh you got such a great life you know you're out there just hanging out I'm not I'll get on a boat and a half to spend time on the boat right so I have to go through and take photos for one social media thing and then I got to go through and take photos for the next social media thing so this is work Analects will probably never have enough to buy his own mega yacht but no matter what he enjoys as being part of this little world so this is the lifestyle for the 1% not everybody can do this and if you're blessed enough to be able to do it whether you're blessed that's just it at nightfall Dubai is transformed the yacht guy is invited on one of the largest boats in the Emirates well thank you they call me I'm Alex the Yak I supposed to be arriving today with two guests good thank you very much all right so we are here coming onboard check it out stinks pretty crazy supposed to be one of the biggest party boats here in all of the UAE huge will take you around Ilona the owners Russian wife will give him a tour of this huge yacht the lotus specially constructed for parties we're on board Lotus it's gotta be the largest barge in all of Dubai right in the world in the middle of City these guys take party bars to another level in Dubai alcohol consumption is prohibited with some exceptions this party boat is a special license so it's open bar and party on the water every weekend one last selfie in his workday is over Alex leaves the yacht before setting out for a mini cruise in the middle of the skyscrapers captain is it very difficult to move this because big is number one Persian Gulf even when you've traveled on all the seas across the world navigation in the heart of Dubai holds some surprises like when this boat goes under a bridge for one week the world's biggest yachts have been docked at the foot of these buildings before returning to their favorite destinations the Caribbean and the Mediterranean back to Monaco in the bay off the Principality we find the sea barrese of the American billionaire bill du coeur he made a special trip from the United States to attend a social event you guys didn't know I had paparazzi Joe off to the port of Monaco for the occasion he takes out his 900,000 euro dinghy okay when he arrives on the dock he's welcomed by an old acquaintance the director of the Yacht Club of Monaco Bernard Ellis Andre I'm ready yeah this is the the common door of the Monaco Yacht Club no I'm not to come Adobe Audition Oh secretary-general same thing I do he wants to show the American billionaire a rare item that we got a century-old sailboat it was a wreck when it was purchased by Albert of Monaco himself who completely restored it in precious wood it's the height of refinement in one of the prides of this very private yacht club but the selection process in the youth club is quite hard it's quite unique like month years the minimum is two two years well thank you this is a treat you don't have to own a yacht to be a member of the club on the other hand you need to sponsors in the annual fees according to our sources there are nine thousand euros this gentlemen's club also includes some women like this Italian lady a lawyer from Milan Paulette refer Oh I'm pleased to welcome Paola today the Yacht Club is giving her a special honor on the occasion of the inauguration of her new yacht here it is it starts right in front of the club it cost a modest sum of 30 million euros it measures 33 meters here it's a small model bill is the boat's unofficial Godfather who is the proud owner of this beauty this is old camera and titania as my friend told me man it was quite a nice adventure but also in hard adventure anyway we are here happy and proud the lawyer invited friends from all over the world for the ship's inauguration and like with the new house a tour of the property is a must let's go see your galley a lot of space down a key for wines the fridge for the day from sub-zero to continue the celebration bill du coeur had an idea invite some of Paula's friends to a cocktail party this time on his yacht I'd love the gifts needed to tour but maybe first it's important to start with the toast for the American billionaire its above all a chance to display the size and grandeur of his boat slightly what I like the softness of you like obviously the alligator trunks get a special mention as does his painting from New York this is a street artist in New York called the run English is the most famous the billionaire can't resist the pleasure of showing off his fortune mostly I bought an apartment in Rome now I'm resident in Miami Beach but I have a department in New York as well and I have a house upstate New York and then I have a apartment in Rome the cocktail does not last more than an hour the guests leave before nightfall Bill Duke required his boat barely six months ago he's already put it up for sale for 19 million euros and begun building a bigger one we join up again with the Dutch group who are having a dream vacation in Greenland once in my life so it's on my bucket list the advantage of the expedition yachts like the legend is that they allow access to unique experiences in hard-to-reach locales around the world the yacht is anchored for the day in a fjord the water temperature is only 2 degrees it won't deter the Friends of yawn the Dutch owner yeah and I hope you're coming with us no I've done it many times I'll just watch the swim a dip in the 47 degree jacuzzi and a drink to warm up this evening the mega yacht is moored off the small port of Italy sat at this latitude during the summer the Sun never sets this stopover is the occasion for a shift change for the crew captain Albert in his beautiful uniform will return to Holland for vacation after spending six months on the yacht he's turning a wheel over to captain Koster both are paid around 15,000 euros per month all the information you need is in the computer make sure you make a copy every day you will need this in due time so we are doing everything about all the instruments how they work and what the nothing seas are just and overall the operational state of the complete bridge I haven't been on board for a long time so this is what has happened for the last few months and this is the stages now I'm going to leave you now I forgot to give you this South Africa the Philippines the Ukraine the Netherlands Lithuania the crew includes a half dozen different nationalities as is often the case on these mega yachts the small port is not far try to find you out on the radar you have to put when casting off that night one can understand the difficulty in navigating this mega yacht a thick fog has arrived the fishermen hurried to get back to port they must leave immediately to avoid getting stuck in the ice for several days yawn the owner decides to take control of the ship himself the problem is that he'll need to navigate by sight now to sarah meters to come you can advance 20 meters then you can easily go to port two crewmen were dispatched to the bow of the ship reporting businesses now to the bridge so said the disabilities of its heart now so if you get to the right distances they can make the turn that all looks pretty clear ahead of us so it's good the ice on the surface isn't what it appears to be underwater it might have the height of a 15 story building keep turning it's okay they could rip the hull off the ship therefore it's necessary to navigate with extreme precision yawn the owner is still at the wheel under the captain's supervision and finally after four hours of zigzagging between icebergs the sailing becomes smooth again and the Sun reappears everyone is relieved I think this is for everybody you like this position now to go is very very interesting to do this very nice jacuzzi yawns latest pride and joy can be found in the hold of the ship it's become a must-have accessory on these expedition yachts a mini submarine today the son of one of the guests will take the test for a license to navigate this machine Tony Danza say yes it's okay the owner even brought in an instructor Arthur from the Netherlands so he could take his test it's completely different than the scuba diving just sitting inside him we're comfortable this is around two and a half million euros just taking the submarine out of the hold and putting it in the water takes no fewer than six people the machine is operated by four propellers and can descend to 3,000 metres deep Oh Chuck please now dear do you read me diving can begin however once underwater it's a bit disappointing we are far from the crystal-clear waters of the Caribbean yeah we're now at five meters visibility is really really poor here so the plant or I'm just a rocket the instructor checks that the young man can master the vehicle anyway you're not able to build up any pressure check if your pressure relief is open or not which one are there what policy one above he's passed the test with flying colors on the surface a surprise awaits a glass of champagne with his parents to celebrate last stop off the tiny village of sissy mute to impress his friends yon has just decided to give them a barbecue lunch it's Marilyn the head hostess who has to manage the last-minute organization napkins okay a lighter luckily the chef is used to his boss's whims they have everything they need for a barbecue lunch should start soon but nothing is ready marilyn is running in all directions so con SU corn Marilyn Marilyn is South African she speaks four languages can we have a bread knife I'm coming to fetch it Germans clémence Marilyn bread nice Clemens Clemens Maryland the 30 members of the crew communicate on the same channel and sometimes it's a bit chaotic the whole team is on the same Channel right now they're talking about jet skis ship captain so you have to talk as little as possible anything else that's not I need to do that too soon everything is ready for the barbecue the guests are in the lounge one problem the owner Yann had a last-minute urge we plan to eat around 6:00 p.m. but the boss decided to go diving this is what we call standby we wait and as long as he's not here we won't start the party it's the boss and he's with his friends so the right thing to do is celebrate together after waiting for over 30 minutes Marilyn learns by radio that the boss is on his way back now time to get moving it's all about communication we'll be here in two minutes everyone knows what to do if there's no communication he comes and there's no towels if we're doing a barbecue he gets here and there's nothing ready for him so working as a team is important having patiently waited for the owner guests can finally start eating an ultimate luxury on a yacht in Greenland they can dine on the terrace for them we understand that the clients enjoy the cold and eating a barbecue outside when it's four degrees out there that is absolute luxury this dream vacation is not within reach for everyone when he's not inviting his friends aboard the owner of the legend rents the boat for eight hundred thousand euros per week all included

  Top Comments:
  1. @Ejai1 [2 likes]: I didn't watch the video, just here to answer this question for everyone.

It's to diddle kids and do other horrendous things in international waters and on private islands.
  2. @newsnews8182 [1 likes]: French is the language of the world’s colonizers. French, you are good at cutting countries into pieces and creating artificial borders, while living in convenience and taking advantage of others. Parasite of the world. I hope your time will come, when you will have to take responsibility for your acts.
  3. @shweyashweya [1 likes]: This is why climate change is a hoax.
  4. @Glaso30: Taxes
  5. @jaroslawbalewski6953: IT golden Agę mantshion hiden from press and linch mob
  6. @NVPrepper: She deserves Baluga and some Chrystal
  7. @benjijarman: Disgusting wealth. Bring back the guillotine.
  8. @mika_chu: does a billionaire get bullied if he doesn't buy a yacht?
  9. @cruise35able: 05:33 sybaris by perini navi
850gt 70metre 11crew
Main Mast): 72m (236 ft)high
Mizzen Mast): 62m (203 ft) was asking 88mil  don no whether it was sold or not
Price gone too far
Its a amazing yacht though

590k per week plus expense
  10. @bertju100: hoi verkerk groetjes van avia maarssen
  11. @bkh5746: i make 5 figures a yr and i keep my phone on silent..does that answer your questions.😂
  12. @CedricSmith-un6vm: Wow, lovely things. Fascinating lifestyle.
  13. @Ardonbb: First mega yakht belong to saddam hussein in 1990. 😊
  14. @joelamthach5812: …talking comfort I am content with my 42 footer Boston Whaler… costs me less than 50K and 500 dollars for docking
  15. @muslimbek098: я тоже миллиардер 💥 но почему-то не хочу покупать яхту 🤔
  16. @shorty004: They have everything except for jesus christ
  17. @SunRabbit: MeGAYachts
  18. @Tonycarcar8888: It's fucking money laundries . Sake heaven.
  19. @nigel493: Speaks 5 Languages, English isn't one of them. Lmao 15:35
  20. @KMO-t6c: So they can be immune to most crime charges.....INTERNATIONAL WATERS!

- £1 Million Princess 60 - How much does it cost to buy and run this boat per year?: Kind: captions Language: en the most common question I get asked about on boats is how much everything costs so today I'm going to take you around this princess 60 that we've just taken in part exchange and then I'm going to tell you every single cost that I can think of so you know what the damage is going to be per anom so let's go do it I sold this boat new in 2016 to a lovely couple down in Limington and they had her for a few years and since that time I've had her back once or twice as people have upgraded it's a massive princess 60 and they didn't sell in huge numbers and the reason being is the 56 just below her her smaller sister sold in big numbers and gave you the same three cabins but this gave you an extra bathroom but it did cost you a lot more money anyway I sold a few and this one I'm going to give you a full tour of so let's start with the platform the platform here is a high low as you normally expect but you can put a bigger Williams sportjet 395 on her so come on board and let's go and have a look around so the cockpit area is a lovely space and under here is the crew but I'll show you that last you got the half cockpit table which has got lots of room around it I think you could probably get six or seven of you may maybe maybe even eight actually if you tried oh have you seen my socks can you recognize who that is no that is Queen and it says can you read what it says on the bottom we will sock you that is so stupid I've got skin tght jeans on or I need to lose some weight as well um so yeah good size cockpit all teak really really good de equipment as well got the storage there for the ropes and the AF winch and this one's done in a really tasteful gray which never ever ever upsets anyone which is good so let's go and show you the saloon the princess 60 Saloon is beautiful this one's finished in Walnut satin and you've got this little kind of you see this finish you've kind of got this weave finish which is quite nice and really natural neutral colors which the owner specified loads of seating here can you see this seating you could probably get 10 people here you've got the high low TV there um you've got the drinks cabinet here let's have a look at the drinks cabinet oh was say that's got a Fairline glass in it this is a princess all right we'll leave that oh let me show you the heating this boat has got Eis spatcher heating which is really really powerful cuz it's been used in England actually that's the ecture they're both ecture and over here you've got air conditioning and reverse cycle heating as well which is only just been put in in 2022 so that's all brand new so that's really good oh just happened to see this book on the table you see that the cape I don't know how you pronounce It uras by Michael McMullen now the reason I've got that book out is because I'm in it James bark the boat dealer is in this boat and it's available in all good book shops and I don't get any commission for that it's a book okay so we have the the G to starboard but I've got a little trick I want to show you if you just stand back a little bit so you don't see all the mess while I'm cooking I have this electric screener look at that so you if I make loads of mess you can't see what I'm up to and that is what you get when you spend over a million pounds you get a little glass Shield that moves away electrically get you got the extractor you got the hob you got the fridge come and have a look around here you got all the normal gings I like the fact that the mic wave is hidden in there that's a dishwasher I'm not going to open all the cut drawers but I am going to open the fridge because I like it it's got a really big fridge and a nice cutting board and and a lovely din a opposite so you can cook leave that's my notes for later cuz I'm going to tell you about the costings and you can eat straight opposite the galley so all in all pretty cool when this boat was new the first owner specified lots of interesting equipment like it's got a wind system do you see that so he'd always know how um fast the wind was blowing and in which direction this boat has also got fins stabilization which this screen controls here he's also gone for proportional thrusters and what you can't tell by looking at all these buttons but he put a very big transducer in so you get a much clearer echo of the seabed so these are these at the time in 2016 were the best screens rain Marine did and they show the depth of the boat now while we're here cuz you know I like to show you what's all I just want to show you that the P from the princess has fallen off but what's quite nice it is actually stainless steel cuz some of them are plastic but it's actually a proper bit of stainless okay so over by the helm here we've got the rest of the normal gauges this gauge here this is a bonning system which controls all the electrics on the boat so this is what you got over and above the princess 56 the princess 56 has got standard controls but when you went to 60 or above you get the boning control system which is really good and they're very very easy to use but what I also love is you have the shout window which I think we got to test cuz it's quite a nice day oi get the fenders in and it goes all the way down and that's sun shining my face and also if you look over to the port side we've got a window oh it does open we got a window over there too I won't show it all the way down but you've got a nice window there so all in all the lower Helm is is really really good so let's go down below okay so come downstairs and we're going to go to the AR Master cabin so if you follow me now the disappointing thing about this cabin is this is normally where the socks so would go but this customer specified extra storage so we've got a set of drawers on side and we've got a set of drawers on this side so you got loads and loads of storage big wardrobe the light in there lovely TV now let's see if it's got It's got plug sockets either side of the bed which is great and it's got it there and what every princess includes is a vice spring mattress which means you're going to have a great night's sleep now also while we're down here look at the size of the window this is a really big feature of this model the glass is huge now years ago we couldn't put glass as big in boats because it wasn't strong enough but now they've got a structural glass you can have these lovely windows but this is showing the view of our Essex South End on sea base but you can imagine if that was a Blue Sunshine so beach in the media it would be another so coming out of the half bedroom you got some storage under here you've got the bathroom here with a lovely shower and the signature parin and row um sinks and if you poke head around the corner you'll see it's got a really nice tow radiator which we fitted from new and a sliding door then in the well you call this the kind of landing area you've also got a washer dryer made by LG that's more storage this area here then leads onto the day head this is called your dayhe head and it's huge now I haven't got a tow to demonstrate but I can tell you that the floss test it passes with flying colors and look at the shower there's the shower and here's the storage loads of storage really really really good day head so let's go forward to the VIP and you've got a little Dressing Table area here loads of storage here it it went shut that's why it's open TV really good light you've got a sun hatch here which I'll leave shut and these two opening Windows here you got a wardrobe another Vice spring mattress and this the beautiful princess bathrooms which also passes the floss test can you believe it I've turned everything off and now the VHF is going but really really good bathroom so let's go look at the cabin 3 okay so this is cabin 3 and what makes this cabin nice is it's got a beautiful bathroom which is there have a little look now this one does pass the floss test but only just I'll be honest with you but it makes up for it by giving you beds that move together oh go on okay I know it's not the quickest but that makes into a double air conditioning loads of cupboard storage big wardrobe TV it's got everything really nice cabin so let's go and see the fly bridge okay so come up the fly bridge this is the fully convertible version you can have a hard top version uh but this customer always loved the wind and the hair feeling look at the visibility out the front there really nice everything mirrored up here this area here I won't demonstrate it but turns into a suned you've got a barbecue here and I think that's a bin it's a it's actually a another Refrigeration area look at this lovely table and look at the finish on the legs I don't need to clean but you got stainless legs lovely teak top and huge amount of deck space absolutely love this area now one thing princess could brush up on is these areas that are gray are actually painted so you can see there's some Marks here and this is because it's painted on some other manufacturers nowadays like the Squadron 68 I recently did you'll see these are gelcoated isn't how noisy those seagulls are over here here this is sat TV which we don't tend to fit very often these days you've got the Super HD radar and then you'll also see the wind instrument there that I told you about down below that's an active radar reflector so big ships can see you that's the TV mask that looks like something out of Star Trek let me show you wa SEC that's the TV aerial Spotlight nav lights and over the on the other side on the on the starboard side you've got the um GPS antenna got all music up here really really good space it's not a bad day today actually is it it's a bit cold and there's our office there's my office over there look that's where I uh that's where I work sometimes so let's go and do the engine room okay so let's go and have a look at the engine babe before the alarms go off that says it's got low voltage again so come have a look down here oh up there son passes the passes the phone okay so here's the engine bait and this boat is fitted with the Volvo Penta D13 900s which means 13 L each cuz there's two of them as you can see there's the fuel tanks the fire extinguisher system look at all these filters look loads of filters that's the um fuel filters and the extractor fan there you've got a generator there which is an onon about 20 KVA then you got the hydraulic pack which Powers the fins and the thrusters that by the way is an exhaust muffler yes that's one exhaust muffler these engines are allow there's the gearbox and the shaft and a bit better view there it's all very very nice there's some more fuel filters top points princess I nearly forgot but I'm going to show you the crew cabin which is under here and if I go down here and show you there's not a lot to show you but you've got one bed you've got a storage area and you've got a a toilet and a shower which you wouldn't want to use I must say the This Crew cabin is usable unlike the princess S60 or S65 and it's got heating too so this passes but let me get out of here I don't really like crew cabins right right let's do sum okay so now I'm going to go through detailed costs for this boat uh quickly before I do thank you everyone that subscribes to us I'm very very humbled that you choose to watch this channel um if you do like the videos but you're not a subscriber it would make me really happy if you could press that subscribe button on the screen and give me a thumbs up and do ask me questions I do try and answer every question so long as it's not totally silly and there's that alarm again okay let me just turn that off I can do it I can do it turn off and then we can carry on okay right so costs okay the first one we're going to do is fuel so if we assume 20 knots this boat uh does about 30 knots flat out but 20 knots is a good speed it's it's got about 2,800 L capacity fuel tank so at 20 knots these engines will be doing about 1,800 RPM um which uses about 100 L per engine per hour so let's just say 200 L uh per hour the fuel cost in the UK at the moment this is filmed in April 22 is about1 80 per liter so that's about 360b per hour at 20 knots remember in that hour you've done 20 nautical miles and this boat probably weighs 40 tons so I know some people say oh that's a lot of money it is a lot of money but remember this is 40 ton boat it's like moving a house along the sea at 20 mil hour you'd use a lot of fuel if you were doing that um so if the average customer in Europe uses their boat for about 50 hours a year that's 50 engine hours they obviously use it for much more than that because they go somewhere for an hour and then stay there for a few days but 50 engine hours per year is normal and that would give you 50 * £360 which is about £18,000 per year next one is finance cost now I don't normally talk about Finance cost much because some people think it's boring but I will actually explain Finance costs on this boat so this boat is currently for sale with us at on boots.co.uk for1 1.15 million including vat banks will want you to put down about 30% deposit which is about let's call it 350 which means you'd have to finance the difference of 800,000 in the UK we've got a choice of a few Banks and £800,000 would equate to approximately £8,000 per month for your direct debit um that's a mixture of interest and capital repayment um and this is a straight line curve from 800,000 to nor over 10 years so at the end of 10 years you own the boat there's no balloon or anything clever like that this is just straightforward Finance costs so £8,000 uh per month is approximately 96,000 per anom um and of that 96,000 per am perom I've estimated about 60,000 of that is capital and the rest of it is interest so now let's summarize all the costs including the fuel including the finance and all your other normal expenses and we'll put them up on the screen for you so a UK birth for about this size would be about £18,000 per year servicing for these two engines about £6,000 per year and what's funny my finger went across the screen all right uh antifoul anodes polishing and maintenance is about £10,000 per year and then you've got depreciation now you some people include depreciation and some people don't if you do include it I would say this would depreciate in the next 12 months about 50,000 we've already done the fuel which is £18,000 if you used it fully for a year and you've got the finance cost of £96,000 so you add those all together and you're looking about £23,000 per year but the story doesn't end there because although that adds up to a staggering £17,000 a month I would estimate about half of those costs are actual what I call Cash burn costs of owners owning the boat and the other half is money that you're investing into the boat in terms of its capital Etc which you should get back most of it so if you work on the actual cost being about £100,000 a year which in real terms is about eight um 8 10% that kind of money of the uh of the total of the total value so it's quite a lot but insurance insurance I didn't I do insurance oh sorry insurance was £8,000 perom um so that is included by the way in my in my cost sorry about that will pointed out so that is what it cost you to run this boat and I don't think that's too terrible for a boat of this value and the fun you can have on this is immeasurable so hope you enjoyed the video do ask me questions especially about financing and the cost of running a boat because I get asked all the time I'm happy to answer all your questions that's all for now okay so let's go and show you the lower Helm ah

  Top Comments:
  1. @chrisoleary9876 [50 likes]: These vids are absolutely great. Especially considering it's an opinion from a boat marketing industry professional. Anyone in the market for motor yachts will Love it! Thanks!
  2. @Jm-Gonz [2 likes]: On average 15% of the cost of the boat
  3. @ollydearden [1 likes]: Well that’s made my mind up 😂 I’ll just burn pound notes on my wood burner instead.
  4. @haccuk [1 likes]: Does insurance assume that you have a fully qualified person on board when at sea?
  5. @sprkm88 [1 likes]: Why sit on the kitchen worktops when there is a perfectly good comfortable sofa there……I think this man is on the ADHD spectrum
  6. @uygurism [1 likes]: You didnt include marina cost
  7. @RegasRegas003 [1 likes]: Birthday gift yacht or jet ski boat 😅😊
  8. @btng23 [1 likes]: Does this yacht not use a generator? Usually, yachts have two generators, which consume 2 x 100 liters of fuel per day 😁
  9. @gplusgplus2286 [1 likes]: How did you manage to shoot video so washed up?
  10. @jersaunders3538 [1 likes]: I think if you need to ask the cost you can't afford it.
  11. @ashleyhodgman5246 [1 likes]: A very nice boat and i really love your videos. So entertaining. Well done and many thanks. The cost explanation is also brilliant.
  12. @CoolHand273 [1 likes]: You don't invest in a boat. You pay for a boat and eat the depreciation. Also forgot insurance cost as well as repair cost. In the us there is also a personal property tax/registration for boats. Of course you can charter to yourself and try to write everything off as a tax dodge like a Russian oligarch but governments are starting to catch on about that. At the end of 10 years paying off the boat it will be worth $300k at best. This gentleman is a true boat salesman. The only thing attractive here is that the interest rate is only 3.737% but this video came out in 2022.
  13. @garettlinnebank4106 [1 likes]: love that you discuss finance charges.nobody else does
  14. @TheMilford99 [1 likes]: I think the old casino adage applies with boats. The only way to get a boat worth a small fortune, is to have spent a large fortune buying. Something you will never recoup, and i`ve owned 2 smaller one`s.
  15. @TheMilford99 [1 likes]: I`m sure it was a barbecue, the last time i looked  😂
  16. @desmondbello4144 [1 likes]: You struggled a bit trying to get sat at that table 😉😂
  17. @abbasnasir8861 [1 likes]: How much would a Captain and deck hand cost in the Med per year? Thank you
  18. @williamporter2867 [1 likes]: What a fun guy he is great information good humour, for a pom.
  19. @SteveTheWiz [1 likes]: I better get writing that bestseller...
  20. @Pugev: are u fucking  crazy 200 litre/h   .. RUBISH !!!!  NEVER BUY IT

- The REAL PRICE of Owning a Yacht: Kind: captions Language: en Holloway lacks ears a welcome back today we invite you aboard your own luxury private yacht and we'll sail through exactly what you need to start saving to fulfill your ambition of being a captain of your own vessel welcome to a luxe calm the place where future billionaires come to get inspired so grab a hold of the rails and let's go test the waters number one the price of yachts varies Avast Lee an entry-level yacht can cost around $100,000 and the most expensive yacht to date is the Eclipse valued between 700 million and 1.5 billion dollars if you want to be mingling with the high rollers though you'll need to drop at least 20 million dollars on a private yacht like Tiger Woods did when he bought his one hundred and fifty five foot yacht privacy the general rule of thumb is you'll need to put aside ten percent of the cost of the yacht to ensure it's kept running at its optimum each year so in the case of Tiger Woods yacht privacy the additional cost per year would be in the region of two million dollars these costs would vary greatly depending on the purchase price where the yacht is docked how often it's being used the length of the yacht and how old the yacht is as well as what upgrades you've invested in number two registration fees need to be considered these fees can differ depending on the country or state you registering your yacht in international registries will charge the following for a yacht that's 24 meters or 78 feet or less in length in this case a one-off registration fee of five hundred and fifty dollars and then an annual tonnage tax of 750 dollars needs to be paid if the yacht measures more than 24 meters the registration fee is $1500 and the gross tonnage fee of up to 399 tons is seven hundred and fifty dollars four hundred to nine hundred and ninety nine tons is $1,000 and 1012 hundred and fifty dollars and choosing the earth's flag state is a very important decision because that flag state holds the jurisdiction over that specific yacht and in tax obligations privacy regulations liability in international waters and whether the yacht can be used for commercial endeavors number three your yacht needs a place to rest its head where you store your yacht will greatly influence your annual cost if you want people to see you on your pricey yacht then you best choose to berth yours at a desirable location some of the pricier marinas are Marina del Capri in Italy which can only accommodate 10 super yachts at a time but you can expect to pay around 3300 dollars a day to dock your super yacht there if that's out of your budget you could opt for a port to can france which will cost you in the region of 770 dollars a day there are plenty of marina maps available to help you decide the best place to moor your super yacht a less desirable marina would cost roughly $1,200 a month but your additional mooring fees would be incurred when you used your yacht for its intended purposes travelling the globe some marinas fees also consider length and width of your super yacht so expect some fluctuations there as well number four your yacht and your toys will need fuel budgeting your annual fees for fuel can be tricky each yacht is different and the way each yacht is handled is also different if you're cruising at around 8 to 10 knots your fuel usage will be lower than someone going at a faster speed let's assume you have a 60-foot yacht which can hold 1,200 gallons of fuel and the current average price of fuel is roughly two dollars fifty cents a gallon your yacht will cost three thousand dollars to fill out your fuel costs will fluctuate depending on how often you're in the water and also where you're filling up for example the average fuel price in France is roughly four dollars a gallon and in South Africa it's roughly $3 30 cents number five regular wear and tear needs to be factored in like any vehicle purchased regular wear and tear is par for the course to ensure longevity of your yacht regular maintenance is imperative experts estimate that maintenance will be around two percent of the boat's value in the first year and around 7.5% if the yacht is ten years and older your yacht needs to be washed and cleaned every two weeks the bottom of the boat needs to be scrubbed once a month your systems need to be checked regularly every three to six months your yacht should be waxed and every 12 to 24 months you need to repaint the bottom of your boat as the paint layers thin quickly and deteriorate expect to pay around $50 a foot for giving the hull a fresh coat of paint periodic refits are also to be expected you want to look the part all the time so when your yacht is looking a little tired you might want to consider refitting her to the former glory of giving her a much-needed facelift again these expenses can be as high as you're willing to go engines also wear out over time and equipment will need upgrading however there is a way to recoup some of your costs and will tell you how a bit later number six a yacht can't sail all by itself and unless you're able to captain your own ship you'll need a crew on board to do that job for you a 115 foot yacht would need a captain a mate two stewardesses and a chef the salary for each crew member will also fluctuate depending on the size of the yacht the yacht crew salary guide for 2019 recommended the following salaries for yachts measuring between 70 to 100 feet on a yearly basis the captain between sixty-five thousand and one hundred and ten thousand dollars a chef between thirty six thousand two fifty two thousand dollars and a stewardess between thirty to forty eight thousand dollars and if you don't meet your crew full-time you'll need to pay them a daily rate which will be roughly the following on a yacht of the same size the captain between three hundred and three hundred and seventy five dollars a day the chef between 200 to 250 and the stewardess between 175 to 250 dollars a day over and above their salary your crew will need food uniforms transport on board expenses such as linen soap laundry services and so forth if your crew has been with you for a few months you're also liable for their dental and health insurance and full-time crews need four to six weeks of paid holidays each year number seven fine dining is expected on your yacht and these costs can be vastly different if you're hosting parties with canapes and fine champagne your budget will be substantially larger than someone who's making a family tray lasagna with a few beers and a bucket of ice your crew will also need to eat so their dietary requirements need to be taken care of too on a super yacht it's estimated the food beverages and flowers can cost the owner between one and three million dollars a year and if you like to throw the occasional party remember to factor in a deejay decor extra drinks and staff to keep your guests 100% satisfied number eight insurance is non-negotiable your yacht won't be allowed to sail without it the annual insurance fees will be influenced by a few factors including where you keep the yacht the size of the vessel and of course the amenities on board stacks insurance brokerage have been insuring yachts for years and they estimate that a 60-foot yacht insured in the Northeast will cost between 6,000 and 8,000 dollars a year but some will insure the same yacht in Florida and the rate increases between 10,000 and 12,000 dollars and that's only if the yacht is used for private use if you intend to charter it the costs will rise substantially now that you're getting a good feel for the real price of owning a yacht have a look at our video the top 10 most expensive yachts in the world to get a bigger picture of what these billionaires are paying for their luxury vessels number 9 communication is key when you're out in the open waters you need to ensure your communication systems are functioning perfectly a temporary Authority ship radio station license is $100 and a full term ship radio station license is 200 over and above that most modern yachts have high-tech navigational electronics air conditioning satellite TV Wi-Fi 24 hour video and water purification systems in place these all need to be maintained and many will have monthly fees which like other things will vary depending on location number 10 safety is paramount every yacht must have life jackets on board throwable floatation devices fire extinguishers visual signaling devices and sound signalling devices lifejackets can cost anywhere from $12 right up to 350 dollars plus if you have a yacht that has space for 50 crew members and 30 guests and were opting for the priciest brand of lifejacket that's a total of 28 thousand dollars number 11 pirates are always a safety issue yacht owners have to be constantly thinking of new ways to protect their guests crew and assets and all of these are costly endeavors again this cost can fluctuate and you can either use the services of a company that specializes in yacht protection or you can try and do it yourself there are many options when it comes to anti pirate technology or ATP for starters you could purchase a long range acoustic device this non-lethal device uses pain inducing sound beams to release a sound that is unbearable for humans but it won't come cheap for a basic handheld model you can expect to pay roughly $5,000 and the more expensive models can range from 100,000 to 190,000 dollars number 12 yachting is not complete without some toys we recommend a few jet skis canoes stand-up paddle boards perhaps a small tugboat and possibly even a small submarine the sea Majan submersible is designed to be launched from yachts and ranges from 1 million to 3 million dollars in price don't forget your water skis diving gear a couple of surfboards and body boards all of which are needed to ensure that your yacht is the coveted sea vessel that others aspire to own number 13 is owning a yacht a good investment in short no from the moment your brand-new yacht enters the water it loses value others may argue that anyone owning a yacht no it's not a financial investment but rather an investment in status and respect number-14 try before you buy a piece of sound advice from the experts is to give yachting a try before purchasing your own seek the help of a charter broker and go to look at various yachts available step inside them feel them out and if possible charter them for a few days head to a local Boat Show and ask a variety of people the same questions and make a judgement call from their respective answers after you've done all of your research sleep on it and if you still think it's for you you know you've made the right decision you might also consider sharing the costs with a friend and splitting the use of the yacht a great way to still enjoy your time on the water without all the heavy burden of the cost yourself number fifteen there is a way of recouping some of your financial outlay if you look into chartering your yacht do note though that marine regulations have a limit on how many passengers you can have on board so you can't rent out your yacht and cram it full of travelers to attempt to make a quick buck the limit is between 12 and 36 passengers regardless of how large the yacht is however it's been noted that when the guest list is higher than 12 it's not technically classified as a charter anymore but rather a passenger ship there's also stiff competition when it comes to chartering so you need to make sure your yacht stands out things like a Jacuzzi VSAT connection and water toys are non-negotiable other factors which will affect the amount you can charge include the size and age of the yacht the season the size of the crew and the destination and if this sounds like it's for you the average weekly rate for a motor yacht of over 150 feet is between 150,000 to $500,000 Handel Xers that's a wrap on the real price of owning a yacht but before you go we're curious would you prefer to charter a yacht or make the investment and purchase your own let us know your thoughts in the comments below and of course we're sticking with us until the end here's your bonus Alessandro de Benedetto earned the nickname the crazy Italian for a reason he sailed around the world in a 21-foot boat making it the smallest boat to achieve this feat he pleaded the journey in 268 days and 19 hours thank you for spending some time with us a Luxor's make sure to LIKE and subscribe so you never miss another video we also hand-picked these videos which we recommend you watch next you can talk to us on all social medias or ask a question on our website Alex calm thank you for being an a lexer and we'll see you back tomorrow

  Top Comments:
  1. @alux [32 likes]: Hello Aluxers! Would you prefer to charter a yacht or make the investment and purchase your own yacht?

Mind Mastery: https://www.alux.com/mindmastery
Get a free audiobook thanks to Audible: https://www.alux.com/freebook
Thanks to our friends at Audible!
Top 10 MOST EXPENSIVE Yachts in The World | 2020: http://y2u.be/9e_UXK9FqSI
  2. @willgarciazapanta [14 likes]: Every vehicle whether Land ,Sea and Air is a Liability . You have to maintain it for its optimum working conditions. Not mentioning the Pilot, the ship Captain and the parking and landing fees and hangar fees.
  3. @davidbiela4464 [3 likes]: Mangusta yachts are my favorite, the 165rev that top speed is 40knots
  4. @WestCoastMan8 [2 likes]: $2.50 a gallon; you can tell this video was made a few years back
  5. @Freedo1234 [2 likes]: Owning a  yacht   is the most expensive    thing  you can  think of !!
  6. @rexpayne7836 [1 likes]: Even if i had the money to buy one. I would only charter a yacht. 🇦🇺 😊
  7. @kazindastephen7350 [1 likes]: I have to own a yacht no matter the cost
  8. @willgarciazapanta [1 likes]: Not unless you’re a money producing machine like Musk, Gates, and Bezoz
  9. @Mr.HarryWild: U.S. military ships are exempted from all the taxes and fees however!
  10. @wesleyferguson6932: I would want to keep it private.
  11. @robertbishop5357: I suspect that most super yachts are owned and paid for by corporations.
  12. @RTM661: The insurance is quite cheap
  13. @RTM661: That’s why yachts are  for billionaires they have to put their money somewhere
  14. @lowbloodprsure: 100k for a non lethal crap gun? Just get 10 AR'S for 7k.
  15. @saibadam: Why dont u talk about normal yachts instead of superyacht
  16. @henrycarlson7514: Interesting , Thank You
  17. @colinm5548: What a shame
  18. @Elizabethitsthebig1: Neither
  19. @naniascofield-gambino4234: I’ve always worked with the recreational boater and just started a job chandling yachts and I need to see this video to understand a lot .
  20. @peterbradshaw8018: Only the poor call them yachts. Owners call them boats.

- HOW MUCH DOES IT COST TO RUN A SUPER YACHT?: Kind: captions Language: en how much does it cost to run a yachts [Music] how much does it cost to run a yacht probably the most asked question that I get on my whole youtube channel and one of the most difficult questions to answer it's so full of variables and there are so many caveats attached many people say that 10% of the value of the yacht is a good rule of thumb for the running costs and to be honest they're not far off but in this video we'll take a look at the big-ticket items of running a yachts will say hundred to one hundred and twenty four lien lengths kept in the Western Med and used in the way that most yacht owners do use their yachts in this area the biggest single expense on the yacht of this size is without a doubt the crew and if you really want to enjoy your yacht to the fall you'll make sure you get the best crew members that you possibly can a typical 100-foot yacht such as the one shown in this image will probably run with a crew of five so I contacted the charming and talented Marci Williams the northrop & johnson crew services manager to get a feel for how much crew members are paid these days the average wage for a good qualified captain of a yacht this size is nine thousand eight hundred and four dollars per month although you may pay considerably more for a captain that you feel will add value to your time on board or somewhat less for a captain who has less experience and wants to move up in his career another essential crew member for e out of this size is a first mate preferably one with engineering qualifications if the captain does not have them he will make sure that the yacht is well maintained take a particular interest in the machinery on board and will probably also take a big role in keeping the exterior of the yachts clean especially when the deckhand is otherwise occupied the average wage for a first mate with engineering experience is five thousand two hundred dollars per month the interiors of these luxury yachts are expected to be kept in the immaculate condition and when the owner and his guests are on board the level of hospitality has to be higher than 7 star standard this is the considerable responsibility that falls on the shoulders of the chief steward a OTT of this size if she also has some ability as a chef it's a huge advantage and should be well recommenced since she may be cooking for the crew as well as the guests although I should add that it's not unusual for an owner to employ a separate chef for the months that is on board for this sizeable and responsible position the average pay is four thousand three hundred and fifty-five dollars per month these three crew members will most likely be on a year-long contract working incredibly hard when the yacht is in use but with the possibility of extended vacations when the yachts not being used during the cruising season let's say middle of May to the middle of September more or less it's quite likely that the owner will take on another two crewmembers usually a younger lad but increasingly often girls to this role is one of keeping the exterior of the yacht clean running guests to and from the yacht in a tender fetching and carrying helping with mooring really anything the captain asks them to do that helps with the smooth running of the yacht an entry-level position for many yawning to get into the yachting industry the average wage for a deckhand are the 100 to 120 foot yachts is two thousand nine hundred and fifty seven dollars per month again I should add that this varies tremendously according to experience and other factors once again usually but not always a position for a younger lady this job entails keeping the interior of the yachts immaculately clean serving drinks and food the guests assisting with shopping putting fenders in and out and helping with mooring lines it's hard work and then another entry-level position for which the average wage is three thousand six hundred and seventy one dollars so if you can say that the captain's rage the first late of the Chiefs two's wage and you multiplied them by 12 you arrive at two hundred and thirty two thousand three hundred and eight dollars per year increase salaries a deckhand and a steward s combined would cost you six thousand six hundred and twenty eight dollars per month and you employ them for four months so the total yearly wage bill for your hundred one hundred and twenty foot yacht would be two hundred and fifty eight thousand eight hundred and twenty dollars now these figures very enormous Lee according to so many different factors I'm really not trying to give some sort of a standardized wage structure the industry here but rather pass on to you the results of an extensive poll that was made within the yachting industry to show you what the average wages are and they are a substantial part of the overall running costs of the vessel another substantial costs during the year of a yacht is the berth I spoke to my dear friend Ricardo Chania made yacht services who's my go-to guy to find berths for clients so that I could get my dear berth costs for a hundred foot yacht Porto merits you an imperial is a popular location since it's so close to Monaco Sardinia Portofino and all those great places I recently got a quote for a 103 for a zoomit and the monthly berth costs from the first of May to the 1st of October are three thousand six hundred and ninety euro per month including VOT but excluding electricity and water this is total of eighteen thousand four hundred and fifty euro from the first of October to the first of May the cost is two thousand one hundred and twenty five euro per month so the yearly berth costs may be around thirty three thousand three hundred and twenty five euro it's fair to say that you'll be cruising for quite a few weeks in the year though so sometimes you'll be a tanker which is for free and other times you can expect to say the same amounts for 119 I'd be Fae in August that you would pay for the entire month in Imperium if you can get in a fair estimate for birth costs though would be about $35,000 per year for the insurance of the yacht I spoke to Julian who bear at only yacht a leading yacht insurance company that I've used in the past I should add that none of these contacts have paid me for this video they're just people who I respect and I enjoy working with now insurance is a very exact science so it was very good of him to give me a rough idea of a price for a fictitious yacht he said that are privately used yachts with the value of about 10 million dollars built in 2016 would cost about forty two thousand five hundred euro per year to insure this would cover whole machinery pni crew medical it's a pretty comprehensive policy as a rule of thumb insurance can be between 0.5 percent and 0.7 percent of the value of the yacht so to keep this all in dollar figures let's say 50 thousand dollars you may think that servicing the engines and the generators of a hundred foot yacht are big-ticket items - I spoke to to captain friends of yachts of this size and actually the expense is not so bad at all they both serviced their engines once a year with prices varying from five to seven thousand euros and the generators are serviced every 100 hours also five thousand euros in their cases they do both of these services once a year I should also add that one of those two captain's chastised me because he said to me look David if you're doing a video about the running costs of a yacht actually the engines and the generator service costs are not so great at all there are far bigger ticket items than that and of course is right there are many many other items to consider crew uniforms cleaning supplies and equipments but also pumps water maker filters all need to be replaced repaired or serviced from time to time and that can be really quite expensive the yacht has to be lifted once a year and have the bottom of it painted that's a really expensive winter work period - replacing the zinc's periodic big services such as when you have to take the propeller shafts out line them up put them back in again it all adds to the expense of the yacht so really if you're looking at buying up the question is not so much whether you can afford maybe the 10 million dollars purchase price but more whether you can afford the yearly running costs as a friend of mine once said it's not the price of the elephant it's the cost of the hey if you add together crew wages fuel costs and berth costs insurance and service costs it's fair to say that you should budget around five hundred thousand dollars a year running costs of a hundred foot yacht now it's true that's not ten percent than the value of a 10 million dollar yacht but on the other hand you can also buy a very nice hundred foot yacht for five million dollars now you may wonder why it is that I as a yacht broker I'm so fearlessly transparent about how expensive it is to run a yacht the truth that successful yacht owners the guys that buy yachts after yacht after yacht and enjoy the experience have a mindset that I really admire deeply now these are people who've spent their entire lives being very cautious very prudent very intelligent with every bit of money that they've ever earned usually reinvesting it to create more wealth then they buy a yachts and their whole mindset has to change don't get me wrong these are still very cautious people and they're very wise in the way they spend money on they art but they realized that they've worked very hard all of them up lives they've usually made great sacrifices and the time has come to take a portion of that wealth that they've created and put it to use investing it in a way that won't give them a financial reward but it will give them a quality of life to them and to their families that nothing else can compare with and at the end of the day why is it that you work hard if not to give yourself a better quality of life and more happiness spending time I got is an experience that nothing else can compare with no hotel no villa no Castle in Scotland I know if your owners who are billionaires and speaking to their families they say that the only time that that person can fully relax is when it's on his yacht so is it really expensive to run a yachts personally I think you'd be crazy not to if you can afford it and if you believe that your wealth is there to improve the quality of your life and the quality of the lives of your family actually wrote a blog about this very subject a few years ago and at the time is very very popular so I've copied it and I've transferred it to the yachts for sale channel website with a link to it in the description below I think you'll enjoy reading it next week's video will be a mid-year review of the yachts that I personally have for sale it's been a productive year so far with some yachts sold and others joining the fleet so make sure that you don't miss out on that another great material that's coming up by subscribing to my channel you

  Top Comments:
  1. @vsigal: Not today.
  2. @JohnRobinson-pb1yj: I would love to see a revised and updated one of these videos
  3. @snowball6538: It’s amazing that leasing your yacht for chartering for just 6 weeks a year can cover most of this.
  4. @TheMickeymental: It really upsets me when people mispronounce  words the term Yak it.
  5. @5theye546: Thank you for that insight David.
  6. @jackiejuhaszify: My wife and I are about to purchase a 61 meter yacht for personal use. (No charter) we have besides the purchase price allocated $2M per year.  Do you think that it will be enough to cover the cost of operation per year?
  7. @Gray001-ef2ep: 500k is a big understatement perhaps fixed costs only  - with running costs add another 500k - 10% of the new price is accurate but for an older/cheaper boat account expect 15-20% or more. Lots of small or not-so-small expenses on everything from upholdstery to the windlass, from the chartplotters to water toys.
  8. @anastassiosperakis2869: Great video, one of your best to date. It is enlightening, but if one stops where you stop, most viewers will decide that owning and running a 100  ft yacht is well beyond their means. However, the cost side is just half the story. Many, many of these yachts are chartered when their busy onwers do not need them. That could easily be 75% of the year, or more, if the owners are not fully retired. So I need to ask, do you have another video that calculates the average REVENUE when one charters one's yacht when one does not need it? This would make them much more affordable to many more viewers (and increase YOUR business too!)
  9. @seanogs: Do current yacht owners take, say $20 million and put it into an account that pays interest or dividends of some kind to pay for all of those costs?  Thank you for posting.  Ill be watching more.
  10. @goodman8498: What about fuel costs you forgot?
  11. @KenDavies-qv3fs: Cost to run a boat is between 10% and 15% of its value.
I have always found this to be true from the 1960's onward.
  12. @jacobfinder7476: There is an old saying from X Yacht owners "There are two days that are the BEST, the day you purchase it and the day you sell it".
  13. @markbox6019: great to know great work you done   you say true about time please do more video like this
  14. @viralsheddingzombie5324: It's understandable that extremely wealthy, dignitary and celebrity people would buy these super yachts.  It would be hard for them to enjoy a regular commercial cruise due to the hordes of people that would pester them, and it could be dangerous.  The alternative is to buy a yacht and have family and friends come along.
  15. @hotdog9262: the captain cost is almost twice in wages compared to the machinist. culture differences right there
  16. @jonathanbell5815: Great videos.
  17. @kaspar_1982: Translation, owner operated, no crew, 50ish  ft cruiser traveling in a specific area, living mostly at anchor except on the hard for annual maintenance and off season storage is what most moderately wealthy people can aspire. i leave the Titans to the Gods....
  18. @seungcandy3802: 政府政治处通告:浙江十分难看通奸娼妇王云章骗人全身假名牌,
  19. @Kronn1: I’m more interested in solo yachting, is that even a possibility? I’d rather not sail.
  20. @stevengolub74: Where do u hire the crew member  from ?

- How to Really Spend Yacht Week in Croatia: Kind: captions Language: en-US ﻿Picture this: You're sailing through&nbsp; crystal-clear Adriatic waters, hopping&nbsp;&nbsp; between pristine islands, partying on floating&nbsp; nightclubs, and living like a millionaire for a&nbsp;&nbsp; week. Your Instagram feed is about to explode with&nbsp; envy-inducing shots of you and your crew living&nbsp;&nbsp; the ultimate summer fantasy. Yacht Week Croatia&nbsp; looks like the perfect blend of luxury, adventure,&nbsp;&nbsp; and non-stop partying that money can buy. But here's what those perfectly curated&nbsp;&nbsp; social media posts don't show you: the seasickness&nbsp; that hits when you're hungover in choppy waters,&nbsp;&nbsp; the $20 beers at island bars that drain&nbsp; your budget faster than your phone battery,&nbsp;&nbsp; and the reality that your "luxury yacht" might be&nbsp; older than you, with a toilet that barely works. &nbsp; From the party chaos of Hvar to the hidden&nbsp; costs that nobody mentions, we're about to&nbsp;&nbsp; break down everything you need to know about&nbsp; Yacht Week Croatia – the incredible highs,&nbsp;&nbsp; the brutal lows, and the parts that could&nbsp; make or break your sailing adventure. Some&nbsp;&nbsp; of these truths might completely change how&nbsp; you plan your Croatian yacht experience. The Instagram Fantasy vs. Reality Let's be honest – Yacht Week Croatia looks&nbsp;&nbsp; absolutely incredible on social media. Those shots&nbsp; of your crew clinking champagne glasses at sunset&nbsp;&nbsp; while anchored in a secluded bay? They're real –&nbsp; for about 10 minutes until someone gets seasick,&nbsp;&nbsp; the wind picks up, and you realize you're spending&nbsp; €15 on a basic cocktail at the next marina. The "living like a billionaire for a week"&nbsp; narrative is seductive, but here's the reality:&nbsp;&nbsp; you're sharing a 40-foot yacht with 7 other&nbsp; people, fighting over one tiny bathroom,&nbsp;&nbsp; and discovering that your "luxury&nbsp; accommodation" comes with paper-thin&nbsp;&nbsp; walls and a bed that's basically a shelf. Here's what those Instagram posts don't capture:&nbsp;&nbsp; The 6 AM anchor chain noise that wakes&nbsp; everyone up, the constant smell of diesel&nbsp;&nbsp; fuel and sunscreen, and the fact that&nbsp; privacy is a luxury you'll pay extra&nbsp;&nbsp; for. That perfect blue water you're swimming&nbsp; in? It's often crowded with hundreds of other&nbsp;&nbsp; boats doing exactly the same thing. But here's the thing – Yacht Week can&nbsp;&nbsp; be absolutely incredible if you know&nbsp; what you're really signing up for.&nbsp;&nbsp; The key is managing expectations and&nbsp; preparing for both the paradise moments&nbsp;&nbsp; and the chaos that comes with putting a&nbsp; bunch of strangers on a boat for a week. The Real Cost Breakdown Everyone talks about Yacht Week&nbsp;&nbsp; being expensive, but let's break down what you're&nbsp; actually spending when you factor in everything: Yacht Costs: The basic yacht rental runs&nbsp; €800-2,000 per person depending on the&nbsp;&nbsp; boat category and season. Sounds reasonable&nbsp; until you realize this is just the starting&nbsp;&nbsp; point. Want a newer boat with air conditioning and&nbsp; reliable WiFi? Add another €500-800 per person. Hidden Boat Fees: Marina fees, fuel costs,&nbsp; cleaning deposits, and equipment rentals add&nbsp;&nbsp; up quickly. Budget an extra €200-400 per&nbsp; person for these "surprise" expenses that&nbsp;&nbsp; somehow never make it into the initial quotes. Food and Drinks: This is where budgets explode.&nbsp;&nbsp; Provisioning for 8 people for a week&nbsp; costs €600-1,000 if you're smart about&nbsp;&nbsp; it. But most crews end up eating out&nbsp; constantly – expect €40-80 per meal per&nbsp;&nbsp; person at island restaurants. Those beachside&nbsp; cocktails? €12-20 each, and you'll have many. Island Activities: Jet ski rentals,&nbsp; beach club entry fees, excursions,&nbsp;&nbsp; and activities add €100-300 per person&nbsp; daily. The pressure to do everything and&nbsp;&nbsp; document it for social media makes saying no&nbsp; to expensive activities nearly impossible. Emergency Costs: Boat damage deposits, medical&nbsp; expenses, replacement gear, and unexpected&nbsp;&nbsp; repairs can hit your budget hard. Most crews don't&nbsp; budget for these, then panic when reality hits. The Real Total: Plan on spending €2,500-4,000&nbsp; per person for a week, not including flights and&nbsp;&nbsp; travel to Croatia. You can do it cheaper&nbsp; by eating ramen and avoiding activities,&nbsp;&nbsp; but that defeats the purpose of the experience. Choosing Your Crew: Make or Break Decision Your crew selection will determine whether&nbsp; Yacht Week becomes your best vacation ever or&nbsp;&nbsp; a week-long nightmare you'll spend years trying&nbsp; to forget. This isn't just about finding people&nbsp;&nbsp; who can afford it – it's about finding people you&nbsp; can survive being trapped with on a small boat. Compatibility Factors: Different sleep schedules,&nbsp; cleanliness standards, drinking habits,&nbsp;&nbsp; and activity preferences become massive issues&nbsp; in close quarters. That friend who's always&nbsp;&nbsp; late? They'll miss the boat literally and&nbsp; figuratively. The clean freak and the slob&nbsp;&nbsp; will create daily drama that affects everyone. Financial Stress: Money arguments destroy crews&nbsp;&nbsp; faster than anything else. Someone always spends&nbsp; more, someone always tries to skip paying their&nbsp;&nbsp; share, and someone always has different&nbsp; ideas about what "splitting costs" means. Personality Clashes: The party&nbsp; animal who never stops drinking,&nbsp;&nbsp; the Instagram influencer who turns every moment&nbsp; into a photo shoot, and the complainer who finds&nbsp;&nbsp; problems with everything will test everyone's&nbsp; patience when there's nowhere to escape. The Singles Dynamic: Uneven gender&nbsp; ratios, people looking to hook up,&nbsp;&nbsp; and relationship drama can create awkward&nbsp; situations that affect the entire group dynamic. Successful Crew Strategy: Choose people you've&nbsp; traveled with before, set clear financial&nbsp;&nbsp; agreements upfront, and have honest conversations&nbsp; about expectations before booking anything. The Boat Reality: What You're Actually Getting Let's talk about your floating home for the week.&nbsp;&nbsp; Yacht Week boats range from barely seaworthy to&nbsp; genuinely nice, but even the best ones come with&nbsp;&nbsp; limitations that landlubbers don't expect. Space Reality: Your "luxury yacht" has about&nbsp;&nbsp; as much living space as a small apartment,&nbsp; shared among 8 people. Privacy doesn't exist,&nbsp;&nbsp; personal space is negotiated, and storage is&nbsp; so limited you'll live out of a small bag. Bathroom Situation: One tiny marine toilet&nbsp; for 8 people, with shower water that's either&nbsp;&nbsp; scalding or freezing, and a pump-out system&nbsp; that clogs easily. The smell becomes part of&nbsp;&nbsp; the experience whether you like it or not. Sleep Quality: Boat beds are narrow, hard,&nbsp;&nbsp; and positioned where you'll hear every sound from&nbsp; anchor chains to footsteps above. Seasickness,&nbsp;&nbsp; snoring roommates, and sunrise wake-up&nbsp; calls make quality sleep rare. Kitchen Limitations: The galley is tiny, storage&nbsp; is minimal, and cooking for 8 people requires&nbsp;&nbsp; serious planning and patience. Most crews give up&nbsp; on cooking by day three and eat out constantly. Technology Challenges: WiFi is spotty&nbsp; at best, charging outlets are limited,&nbsp;&nbsp; and electronics don't mix well with salt&nbsp; air and water. Your phone will die faster&nbsp;&nbsp; than usual, and backup power is essential. Navigation and Sailing: The Learning Curve Unless you're an experienced sailor, you'll be&nbsp; learning on the job with expensive equipment&nbsp;&nbsp; and other people's safety at stake. This creates&nbsp; stress that vacation planning rarely considers. Skipper Decisions: Hiring a professional&nbsp; skipper costs extra (€150-250 daily) but&nbsp;&nbsp; prevents disasters. Skippering yourself&nbsp; saves money but requires sailing experience&nbsp;&nbsp; and leadership skills that most crews lack. Weather Challenges: Croatian weather changes&nbsp;&nbsp; quickly, and sailing decisions affect everyone's&nbsp; safety and enjoyment. Rough seas, strong winds,&nbsp;&nbsp; and sudden storms can force itinerary&nbsp; changes that disappoint the group. Marina Logistics: Docking, mooring, and marina&nbsp; reservations during peak season require planning&nbsp;&nbsp; and flexibility. Popular spots fill up&nbsp; quickly, and backup plans become essential. Safety Responsibilities: Someone needs to&nbsp; manage safety equipment, monitor weather, and&nbsp;&nbsp; make decisions that affect everyone's wellbeing.&nbsp; This responsibility often falls to whoever seems&nbsp;&nbsp; most capable, creating unwanted stress. The Party Scene: Chaos and Consequences Yacht Week's party reputation is well-deserved,&nbsp; but the reality of constant partying on a boat&nbsp;&nbsp; brings challenges that can ruin the&nbsp; experience for unprepared crews. Floating Nightclubs: The famous raft-ups and&nbsp; floating parties are incredible when they work,&nbsp;&nbsp; but they're also crowded, loud, and sometimes&nbsp; unsafe. Jumping between boats while intoxicated&nbsp;&nbsp; leads to injuries and lost belongings. Alcohol Management: Constant drinking in the sun,&nbsp;&nbsp; on moving boats, and in social pressure&nbsp; situations leads to overconsumption,&nbsp;&nbsp; seasickness, and poor decisions. Someone always&nbsp; drinks too much, and managing intoxicated&nbsp;&nbsp; crew members becomes everyone's problem. Party Peer Pressure: The pressure to keep&nbsp;&nbsp; up with other crews, document everything for&nbsp; social media, and maintain the party image can&nbsp;&nbsp; be exhausting. Not everyone wants to party every&nbsp; night, but opting out can create group tension. Noise and Disruption: Loud music, late-night&nbsp; conversations, and party cleanup affect everyone's&nbsp;&nbsp; sleep and enjoyment. Marina noise regulations&nbsp; and neighbor complaints add stress to the fun. Safety Concerns: Partying around&nbsp; water, with unfamiliar people,&nbsp;&nbsp; in foreign locations creates risks that&nbsp; require constant awareness and preparation. Island Hopping: The Highlights and Hassles Croatian islands are genuinely spectacular,&nbsp;&nbsp; but visiting them during Yacht Week comes&nbsp; with unique challenges and considerations. Popular Island Chaos: Hvar, Vis, and Korčula&nbsp; become overcrowded during Yacht Week,&nbsp;&nbsp; with limited marina space, inflated prices, and&nbsp; tourist saturation that affects the experience. Transportation Logistics: Getting around&nbsp; islands without a car requires planning,&nbsp;&nbsp; especially with groups of 8 people carrying&nbsp; beach gear, cameras, and supplies. Cultural Disconnect: Many Yacht Week&nbsp; participants stay in tourist bubbles and&nbsp;&nbsp; miss authentic Croatian culture, local&nbsp; food, and genuine island experiences. Environmental Impact: The environmental impact&nbsp; of hundreds of boats in pristine locations is&nbsp;&nbsp; real and visible. Responsible sailing practices&nbsp; help preserve these incredible destinations. Hidden Gems: The best experiences&nbsp; often happen at lesser-known islands&nbsp;&nbsp; and secluded bays that require local&nbsp; knowledge and flexibility to discover. Weather and Seasonal Considerations Croatian weather significantly impacts&nbsp;&nbsp; your Yacht Week experience, and timing&nbsp; your trip requires understanding seasonal&nbsp;&nbsp; patterns that affect everything&nbsp; from sailing conditions to costs. Peak Season Chaos: July and August offer the best&nbsp; weather but also the most crowds, highest prices,&nbsp;&nbsp; and booking challenges. Marina space is&nbsp; limited, and popular spots become overcrowded. Shoulder Season Advantages: June and&nbsp; September offer better value, fewer crowds,&nbsp;&nbsp; and more authentic experiences,&nbsp; but weather can be unpredictable. Weather Contingency Planning: Strong&nbsp; winds, storms, and rough seas can&nbsp;&nbsp; force itinerary changes that disappoint&nbsp; crews expecting specific experiences. Heat and Sun Exposure: Croatian summer&nbsp; sun is intense, and constant exposure&nbsp;&nbsp; on boats with limited shade leads to&nbsp; serious sunburn and dehydration issues. Health and Safety Realities Yacht Week involves unique&nbsp;&nbsp; health and safety considerations that require&nbsp; preparation and awareness throughout the trip. Seasickness: Motion sickness affects many people,&nbsp; especially after drinking or in rough conditions.&nbsp;&nbsp; Seasickness while hungover is a miserable&nbsp; experience that can ruin days of vacation. Sun Safety: Constant sun exposure,&nbsp; reflection off water, and limited&nbsp;&nbsp; shade lead to severe sunburn and heat exhaustion.&nbsp; Sun protection becomes essential, not optional. Water Safety: Swimming in open&nbsp; water, jumping from boats,&nbsp;&nbsp; and water activities carry risks that increase&nbsp; with alcohol consumption and peer pressure. Medical Access: Medical facilities&nbsp; on smaller islands are limited,&nbsp;&nbsp; and serious injuries or illnesses may&nbsp; require evacuation to larger cities. Alcohol-Related Risks: The combination&nbsp; of alcohol, sun, water, and unfamiliar&nbsp;&nbsp; surroundings creates safety risks that&nbsp; Making It Work: Strategies for Success If you're determined to make Yacht&nbsp;&nbsp; Week Croatia incredible, here are the&nbsp; strategies that successful crews use: Crew Preparation: Choose your crew&nbsp; carefully, set clear expectations,&nbsp;&nbsp; and establish financial agreements before&nbsp; booking. Consider personality compatibility&nbsp;&nbsp; as seriously as budget compatibility. Financial Planning: Budget 50% more&nbsp;&nbsp; than initial estimates, agree on expense&nbsp; sharing upfront, and designate someone to&nbsp;&nbsp; manage group finances throughout the trip. Boat Selection: Research boats thoroughly,&nbsp;&nbsp; read reviews, and prioritize newer vessels&nbsp; with good maintenance records. Consider hiring&nbsp;&nbsp; a skipper if sailing experience is limited. Itinerary Flexibility: Plan must-see destinations&nbsp;&nbsp; but remain flexible for weather, crowds, and group&nbsp; preferences. Have backup plans for popular spots. Health Preparation: Pack comprehensive&nbsp; medical supplies, sun protection,&nbsp;&nbsp; and seasickness remedies. Establish&nbsp; safety protocols and emergency contacts. Cultural Respect: Research Croatian&nbsp; culture, learn basic phrases,&nbsp;&nbsp; and engage with local communities respectfully.&nbsp; Seek authentic experiences beyond tourist spots. The Verdict: Is Yacht Week Worth It? So there's the truth about Yacht Week&nbsp;&nbsp; Croatia – it can be absolutely incredible,&nbsp; offering adventure, luxury, and memories that&nbsp;&nbsp; last a lifetime. But it's not the effortless&nbsp; paradise that social media portrays. The reality is that Yacht Week requires&nbsp; significant financial investment, careful crew&nbsp;&nbsp; selection, realistic expectations, and flexibility&nbsp; when things don't go according to plan. It's not a&nbsp;&nbsp; relaxing vacation – it's an adventure that demands&nbsp; active participation and problem-solving skills. For the right crew with proper preparation&nbsp; and realistic expectations, Yacht Week offers&nbsp;&nbsp; unparalleled experiences combining luxury,&nbsp; adventure, and social connection. For others,&nbsp;&nbsp; it becomes an expensive lesson in the importance&nbsp; of planning and managing expectations. The key is honest assessment of your crew, budget,&nbsp; and expectations. Are you ready for the challenges&nbsp;&nbsp; that come with the incredible experiences? Can you&nbsp; handle close quarters, shared responsibilities,&nbsp;&nbsp; and the inevitable problems that arise&nbsp; when you put 8 people on a boat? If you can answer yes to those questions&nbsp; and you're prepared for both the Instagram&nbsp;&nbsp; moments and the behind-the-scenes reality,&nbsp; Yacht Week Croatia might be the adventure&nbsp;&nbsp; of a lifetime. Just remember – the best stories&nbsp; come from the challenges you overcome together,&nbsp;&nbsp; not just the perfect sunset photos. What do you think? Are you ready to book&nbsp;&nbsp; your Yacht Week adventure, or do you need more&nbsp; time to plan and prepare? Have you done Yacht&nbsp;&nbsp; Week before and lived through these realities?&nbsp; Share your experiences and tips in the comments,&nbsp;&nbsp; and subscribe for more honest travel&nbsp; content that goes beyond the highlight reel.

- The ULTIMATE Travel Guide: Yacht Week Croatia: Kind: captions Language: en The Yacht week in Croatia Today we’re going to talk about The Yacht Week in Croatia. So you’ve heard that the yacht week is the best week there is if you’re a party freak but you don’t know how? Ask yourself a few questions quickly Do you love to party a lot? Are you the one who is always looking for new places to party? Do you often find yourself considering new and quirky party ideas? How about we let you know that every year, a peaceful, and lively location in Eastern Europe hosts a weeklong party extravaganza. What else? What’s so unique about these parties? Well the parties here have a unique twist, they happen on yachts! Sounds intriguing? As some of you may know, Croatia is a small European country with an enviably long Adriatic Sea coastline. There are numerous islands, harbors, and charming towns because of the long coast. The Yacht Week in Croatia is the place to be if you're a die-hard party freak! At the harbor where you are also housed, there are about 30-35 yachts anchored. Every party lover's paradise, these floating parties last for seven days. Seven days of sailing, exploring beautiful corners of the globe, and dancing the night away with hundreds of other travelers. The list of things to do here are truly endless. It seems like you’re taking interest now. So you must be wondering how to get a yacht booked? And how much does it cost? Well stick to the end of the video to feed your elevating curiosity. The festival is not held during a specific week. Instead, the festival lasts for four months, beginning in June and ending in September! Given the pleasant summer weather, June to September is the best time to visit Croatia. Choose a week that works for you, then move forward with the reservations. Now that you have some dates in mind where you can escape from the mundanity of life, let’s dig into how to book a yacht. Well that’s also a no brainer. If you plan to travel alone, make sure to reserve a cabin on one of the yachts as soon as possible. If possible, try to round up your like-minded friends and book a boat. You can confirm your bookings at the official website of the yacht week (www.yachtweek.com) . There you will find all sorts of yachts so you can book the one that suits your budget well. As it’s said good things never come easy, so you must keep in mind that the fun filled week you want to spend partying may not also be budget friendly and economical. Even though the yacht week offers standard packages as well, you may want to grab a premium or luxury package and why not. A lot of factors affect the pricing range including the itinerary, number of people, the kind of yacht and the aspects of destination. The classic package starts from €1,070/person The premium package starts from €1,685/person And the luxury package starts from €2,220/person But the prices keep varying depending upon the above mentioned factors and you will always find the updated prices on the yacht week’s website. The festival is a fun water adventure. It consists of a wide range of events planned by The Yacht Week. You can either book a boat with your friends enough to fill the yacht or you can simply sail with like minded adventurers if you’re traveling solo. There must be an equal number of male and female participants who have earned their place in the yacht, according to one of the Yacht Week's rules. The events of Yacht Week are still a mystery because once boarded, you would have no idea about what happens over the next seven days aside from your general knowledge of the festival. The festival is made even more exciting by the lack of information about the schedule and itinerary. You'll have your own skipper and the ability to chart your own course through beautiful islands and unforgettable parties. Yacht professionals with certifications serve as skippers. They make sure the participants are safe and secure and that their excitement results in the ideal experience. These professionals who would be on board with the crew, also impart yachting knowledge to those who wish to learn it. Hiring a skipper is a simple process that can be done using a few online tools. You can also get a host for yourself. Your week will be elevated significantly with a host. Every day on the deck, they'll make you fresh meals and keep your yacht in top condition. Hosts can be added to any Build Your Own package and are included in the Premium and Luxury packages. The best part of the week is that you will meet a lot of like-minded travelers from across the globe you’d share the boat with and spend those seven days with. And by the end of the week you’d come out with friends you first started the journey as strangers with. Even if you plan to go with your friends the statement will stay true, because all the yachts anchor together so you will have plenty of people around to jump in the self-made pools with. The tour's partying component will be its heart and soul. So don't anticipate seeing much of the local area or getting much of a taste of the culture. But it's true that events like this are unique and fun to be a part of. It's time to make it a top priority if it's still on your bucket list. It’s also ideal to schedule a bachelor or bachelorette party here. Just the right party to make tons of memories your backpack won’t be able to stuff inside. So will you attend the Yacht week this year and partake in the fun? Let us know in the comments below. And as always, where to next?

  Top Comments:
  1. @user-ws2ov9nh6r [9 likes]: Is that your real voice?
  2. @moebiusdune1115 [6 likes]: Croatia, a small European city????
Croatia is country.
  3. @OctagonAgency [1 likes]: CROATIA.
  4. @Calii8917 [1 likes]: God the voice over is hella annoying. watched it on mute
  5. @DIEGOdaMilano-zy5xx: what an annoing voice
  6. @pkern1045: what is wrong with your voice? just be normal :)

- 10 Simple Power Boat Trip Planning Tips to Save You Hours of Frustration: Kind: captions Language: en welcome to Echo Zulu cruising today we're going to be talking about a 10-day or so Boat Trip week to 10 days on a power boat kind of steps to doing that so if you're looking to go on a 10-day trip or a week-long trip out on the boat this is the video for you the planning and some of the process up front to make it a really enjoyable trip on the back end uh when you're out on the water [Music] so I'm Dave I'm a former boat captain I worked in the Florida Keys in the Bahamas back in my youth before taking desk jobs and and really not spending as much time on the water for a really long time my wife and I are learning and relearning a lot about boating and we're trying to share that process that we're going through I come from this perspective of knowing what I don't know knowing I'm having to relearn things either technology is different or there's things I know I should be able to do but I just don't remember the process so trying to share those make boating accessible and fun it's because it's really all about enjoying the water and my wife and I love doing that and we want to make sure other people have the opportunity to do that because just being on the water is one of the greatest things in the world so we're going to discuss the the general steps it's about 10 steps or is 10 steps so we have laid out for making a plan for that that boat trip we're also going to use examples on our Genoa nc1095 sweetest thing kind of how we prep them so the the broad concept and then sometimes how we execute that on our boat to give some perspective on that we're going to show some of the apps that we use some of the the paperwork that we use and some of our thinking that goes into these longer trips so come along let's plant let's start planning some trips and and get ready uh for for boating season step one is really knowing your boat you have to know uh your your boat kind of inside it out your range your speed uh your fuel capacities your draft you want to know your boat so that when you're starting to make your plan you know what's going to be within the capabilities of Your Vessel you're gonna need to know your boat's length the beam the draft and the air draft for Marinas they're often going to judge you by your length and your beam and then draft an airdrifter really important for your kind of process your route what do you what happens with Bridges where can you go uh based on how much water you draw you're going to want to know your power options um you know do you have a generator how much power cords you have how long your batteries last those are all going to Define how long you're going to be away from the dock how long you're going to be able to be at what what your options are for staying out anchoring out away from power sources in our case we also need to know propane so we need to know if we have a full pro paint tank or not because that's what we use for cooking you want to know your ground tackle or ankle anchoring so how how much line do you have how much road do you have how deep can you anchor is really what that's telling you that's going to give you the options for anchorages and you're going to want to have extra fenders and lines because you're going to be in Marinas that you don't know potentially you want to have options open when you're in those foreign marinas make sure you have that all the extra lines and fenders so that you you can figure out how you're going to dock when you go into a new Marina whether you have a dinghy or not also is an important Point that's going to determine what kind of activities you can do what kind of Mooring you can have can you anchor or can you anchor and not not go ashore and of course you need to know how much storage you have for food and perishable so those that that's another real important definitional uh Point that's going to be how long can you be away from a dock it's going to be determined by your storage on sweetest thing our Geno nc1095 and Mary Fisher the the range is about 190 nautical miles at 25 knots so with 10 in reserve we can go about 190 miles nautical miles basic rule of thumb for powerboat range is offshore it's one third of fuel out one third of fuel back and then one third in reserve when you're going along the coast you can go point-to-point more and have a smaller Reserve we we normally have 10 to 20 percent that we want to end up with and really it's normally closer to 20 that we'll we'll end a day with for Marinas and bridges the uh Mary Fisher 1095s 35 foot uh boat it's about 11 foot beam so that gives us how you kind of what kind of Marina space can we be in and we draw three and a half feet with an air draft of about 13 feet so just over a meter uh is our draft and uh whether that be close to four uh four meters uh is our air draft knowing that helps us understand what's the route we can go where can we go uh and and also what kind of anchorages are going to be available to US based on what we draw we have Shore power either one 50 amp service or two 30 amp service either one works for us we have a generator that provides up to about 18 hours of power on board uh that with AC running lights and everything running so we also need to plan for the diesel for that generator but that allows us to be out if we're running with AC 18 hours straight obviously if it's not running all the time we can go a lot longer without running the AC and we have a prop paint stove that propane stove is kind of it defines how much we can cook we have about 20 meals out of it we haven't gotten to the the top limit we've filled by 20. so that's knowing how many meals you have also helps part of that planning process the two small refrigerators on board which is almost decadent for two people we have a lot of fresh food a lot of storage for for that we also have a dinghy on board a taco cat with an e-propulsion engine really really enjoy that it's a great dinghy to have on board allows us to explore and it allows us to go into Shore if we're moored out or or anchored out and you know it's it's something on our boat we have a smaller boat it's not always on board we inflate it for a trip we have it on a roof rack and pull it in in the water and install the engine when when we're on point so it's not something where we have a lift for it we still store it on the roof rack and then pull it down and then for us we also have to plan on the fuel uh going about 200 miles cost about eleven hundred dollars depending on fuel prices so that's one of our kind of planning factors how much we want to spend on fuel based on where we go so we're always thinking about what's the cost benefit of part of the trip now noting all these parameters that gives you the good sense of you know what can you do what do you want to do what's the range what's the distance what's the type of marinas you have how many nights can you got knowing your boat is the foundational part of trip planning it's not where you want to go first it's what's what can your boat do first so step one know your boat step two that's when you decide on your route what's in the parameters of your boat how far do you want to go each day what's a comfortable range for you your passengers in terms of how long you want to be running how far do you want to go how much do you want to spend and do you have an ultimate go goal of getting to a location traveling more some days and less other days thinking through that route for the time you have is is really important when we're starting to think about a route we're going to use kind of a range of tools that that we that are at our disposal some of that is uh the the great the handy dandy Waterway guide the Waterway guides one of our absolute favorite tools it gives a lot of information and direction we have our charts which I always like to look at the the overall chart because charts just give a different um feeling for me of the overall trip even though I may not use them all the time when we have the chart plotter and then they give kind of for trip planning they give a great overall perspective of where could we go what do things look like and being able to kind of look at a good sense of the distances it's the four primary tools that we have when we're thinking of what's the route talked about the Waterway guide talked about the chart there's also the uh the NOAA distance uh report booklet you can see this online this is a really great resource um for for being able to get the range from port to port another tool is the Garmin active captain Community where you're able to look at a broader section of map where you can do also measurement with the measurement tool between a point like Fort Pierce to Western in the Bahamas you'd pick the measurement tool and then move to the location you're trying to measure just distance to to get those broad Strokes of planning a trip of how far you do you want to go what's it like in this broader distance so the the four tools that we'll look at is are our big charts our Waterway guide if we have that the um active captain app and then the NOAA distance charts which are also in uh the Waterway guide but they're they're available free step three you know your boat you know the basic route that you want to go to step three is deciding on your anchorages in in Marinas where are you going to go each night where do you want to spend your time how many nights do you want to be out anchored out how many nights do you want to be in a marina how many nights do you want to be on a dock or on on a mooring ball thinking through those it's a budget decision it's a personal decision you want to go out to eat do you want to cook on board all of those things are going to be leading to kind of the full plan but you get this basic route where do you want to go you want to figure out are you going to be in a marina or anchor out for a short trip we like to make reservations we like to have a plan kind of put it all together even though that plan may change the weather may change we may might not be able to do it but we like the frame of of the trip and I personally like to have the reservations in Marinas if I can and because I get anxious if I'm trying to make them the same day so the cruising guides are a great resource as well as active captain when I'm thinking of both marinas and anchorages those are the two places that I'm going to look I'm going to look at active captain you can blow this up you can look at kind of the symbols some of these Arenas some of these are anchorages so looking at this in Saint Augustine you can see we can anchor out in some spots you can see there's marinas and it just gives you the idea of other people been there you also can do some great research in the Waterway guide which is really gives some great explanations of the holding of what the approaches can be for anchorages as well as tips on what marinas may be like in terms of their facilities in terms of uh of the the what it's like to dock at them so they're those are the resources that are going to really kind of help us hone in on where we want to go another key when it comes to the anchorages of marinas is what's your refueling plan is it refueling for um cooking do you need to refuel during the day to to extend the day can you go a couple days without refueling that's going to be knowing your boat knowing your range and planning for for the those refueling stops but you want to make sure it's not just where you're going to spend the night where you're going to get fuel along the way uh plan that out we really kind of I don't necessarily plan every spot I'm going to get fuel we tend to if we're going into a marine we build our trips so we may anchor out but it's a shorter distance and we're going to end at a marina the next day and fuel the next day so we don't have to kind of fuel in between um on a trip that we know is a kind of more confined for uh for the day now for Marinas we tend to look first on some of the apps like docua and snag a slip so they both kind of have limited options they don't have every place where you can search and find marinas all over but I like the ability to just book online if I can on an app and look at multiple ones rather than research so that's where my bias is looking at dakwa or snagit slip although they're limited options they're always frustrating but some places we found that there are great options so that's where we look first now the second one we're going to look we're going to look in the Waterway guide the Waterway guide just provides a lot of information about marinas and and options in in a given location we're going to look at active captain active captain will normally we'll look at some of the reviews we try and take them always with a grain of salt someone may have had a terrible experience we look at the totality of them and then we'll look on the internet for the booking at that point we normally don't book straight through when we're looking at active captain it's going to be looking online uh so a lot of times we end up having to to call my preference always though is if I can book online because it just makes it more seamless for me step four step four is preparing your boat for anchoring and for docking when you're staying at anchor you're going to need to make sure you have all the necessary equipment like you know your anchor your chain your road you'll also want to make sure you have a thingy to get to shore if you're anchoring out or at least have a small enough boat to get into Shore if that's what you're you're wanting to do now we're assuming that you've kind of tested your anchor you know your equipment it's part of the knowing that about before the trip we always have a spare anchor with us when we go on a trip in case something happens so our main anchor is about 30 pounds and we have 250 foot of chain and aligned with that and then our our secondary anchor which is a fortress anchor uh it has about 15 15 feet or four meters of chain then 150 feet long so I think that's 46 meters about 46 meters of line so we have those two options to hold the boat we also use the The Fortress anchor even though it's pretty big for the the dinghy it gives us the option with the dinghy now staying in the marina you want to have your reservations ahead of time and I sometimes will pick marinas based on the information in active captain or in the the Waterway guide in terms of trying to judge is there going to be a current that you have to deal with they only want to come in at high tide low tide there's gonna be notes on that uh in one of those places often to help you make a decision of what one Marina versus another sometimes we'll go to a marina because there's a restaurant sometimes we choose a marina because there's shopping nearby so the factors on the trip are what do you plan on eating out where you're going to provision those are all going to be factors in where where we make decisions on where we're going to stay also going into a new Marina you want to make sure you have your fenders in place when you have your slip you want to look at their map to understand kind of make that plan ahead of time how are you going to how are you going to dock in a new Marina are you going to go bow in you're going to go Stern in our boat it's much easier to get on and off on the starboard side so we prefer to go starboard too so that's going to decide whether we go bow in or Stern in most of the time is is what's the pure situation but you want to be prepared for that you want to think it through it's funny to me because every time I go to a new Marina I feel like the slip is smaller the first time I go in every new slip feels smaller the first time I go in and then they get bigger and bigger as you go into the same slip but it's going to be mentally prepared to go you're going in a new slip you want to think about how does your boat handle and what are the conditions that you can know ahead of time so you can take kind of the guesswork or last minute decisions or as you're coming in off the table step five it's plan the meals and and uh you know what are your Provisions going to be you're going to want to make sure you have enough food and water on board kind of the basic provisions and when you think about how long your trip's going to be you know how much storage do you have can you go three days without having to shop or or get food can you go five days that's going to be based on your boat your preference what what you enjoy doing we really like a mix of cooking on the boat some and going out to dinner some so we always kind of build in a mix of both we normally have breakfast on board because it's easy we like our coffee and just sit and relax that's our preference some people love to go get a breakfast out well if they're in the marina lunches for us are dictated by kind of what we're doing during the day we love to go to lunch by boat it's one of our favorite things going to uh restaurant that has has a dock is always enjoyable sometimes if we're going a longer day you're going to have that provisioned out and then for us the the boat cooking becomes a really great part of of every trip we I feel like meals are better on board a boat so it kind of you know we're kind of halfway through these steps but if you could uh in the comments we got the question of the day let us know what your favorite meal is on a boat because we're always looking for new meals new things to cook that are good easy to prepare and really enjoyable to have on board flavorful and can be made in kind of The Limited galleys that we have on board boats so two two pans what can you do with that that's our case here sometimes it's one pan but what's a great boat meal leave it in the comments we'd love to hear what your favorite boat meals are so let's stick around for the the last five steps kind of in this trip planning process to help launch on onto success if you find Value in any of our content Please Subscribe uh leave a comment if you'd like our our videos really come from our subscribers asking questions got a community of people that are interested in boating having fun we want to be really approachable and figuring out how you know how can we enjoy this and have fun step six safety equipment that's life jackets that's flares check the expiration on flares and your fire extinguishers you're going to want to have a safety line you're you're going to want to have a throw to make sure you have the kind of the basics covered and have checked to make Sierra to the dates CO2 cartridges and expiration on the players if you're going offshore in our case if we're going over to the Bahamas there's another set of safety equipment we always like to make sure we have on board we have an e-perb which is a type 2 e-perb uh in in case something happened on board we want to be able to have that so people know where we are we also keep a satellite communication so we have some Communications if we're out of VHF range when we're further offshore we don't have a life raft on board we do have our dinghy anytime we're crossing we have that inflated although we don't have the engine installed when we're doing that we also have a go bag if we needed if there were a problem on the boat that has that Satellite Communication extra handheld VHF uh some water that we can keep that ready in case we need that and flare so all that's together if we need it in our kind of go bag that we keep ready to go but we check that stock that when we're going offshore not necessarily every every day frankly but it's when we're going to be further off we want to make sure all those all that equipment's tested uh and and ready to go step seven is prepare your paperwork you always want to have it on board you want to have your insurance marinas often require it you want to have proof of insurance you under your proof of ownership so that that you have the documentation if you need it you always want to have your insurance companies contact information uh with you now if you're going on a trip that's going outside the country there's going to be a set of requirements for legal documents the boat ownership that you also want to make sure you have so that think through what's the documentation that you're going to need and think twice if you're if you're going outside the country to make sure you don't have your trip kind of stymied from not having a piece of paper that that is easy to have on board so we try and make sure we have all those lined up beforehand for going outside the country to go through the checklist with with the country we're going to to make sure we're covered when we're going out step eights check the weather you're going to look obviously at the short term in the long term there can be the weather is something you can't plan for so you can start planning a trip ahead of time you have the best intentions and whether stymies it you know one of the challenges with a trip that's a defined schedule that kind of seven to ten days is the the weather May completely change the second half of your trip and you'll just be kind of prepared to roll with it you've done the research you know the range of your boat you have the best intentions but let the weather dictate it keep safe and figure out what's what's the best option when something changes we always keep games on board if it's in case it's a rainy day and we always have our books on board to kind of lay out and read in our favorite spot up up in the salon you know the example for us on uh the 1095 if we're going from Fernandina Beach in North Florida and you want to go to Fort Pierce it's over 200 miles and then if we're going to cross to the Bahamas that's going to be another 90 miles from there so we want to have particularly good weather if we're crossing for that 90 miles and North Wind makes Crossing to the Bahamas a really difficult really rough and really can just throw off your plans and it can blow for several days now the weather because of you can look several days ahead you may just adjust one a couple lugs of the chip it may be one day or it may be uh yeah you have to kind of really move the trip around but that's both the challenge and the beauty of these shorter kind of Seven Ten day trips is we've got a defined period of time we're trying to figure out how to use that time the best of our ability when we have a good plan we have the provisions we can adapt easily and the weather's the thing that often makes us adapt uh the most step nine is planning for an emergency you want to share your float plan with someone who's going to be responsible and the float plan should include the name of the boat description of the boat name of the the people on board you want to share that information with with someone that's going to keep track of where you are and you want to check in with them every day to let them know the progress and make sure that they're going to reach out if they don't hear from you for 24 hours it's they know that they're going to notify the appropriate authorities based on where you're heading or where you've been so keeping in contact with someone outside is just it's a safety it's a safety measure you want you want your safety equipment on board but it's kind of prepare for what what's a problem we also on board we keep the spares and and repair equipment we have uh plugs for every one of our through-hole fittings we have four through through-hole fittings that are below the water we've got one plug for each one of those we keep extra fuel filters on our boat in case there's a problem with fuel we keep a long extra fuel line so we could swap between tanks we keep one extra prop on board so that if two props go we have at least we have at least one uh spare prop on board everyone's going to be kind of different in what they're comfortable having on board but think through what if there's a problem and what are the problems that you can fix for us it's the impellers on the impellers on the generator it's the fuel filters are the most common things that we've found that when we're traveling so we make sure those uh we have spares of those I always have the fear of the through-hole fitting failing so that's why we have um the the the plugs for those always but that's just you know my idiosyncrasies think of yours idiosyncrasies because you're going to feel more comfortable when you plan for the problems you're not going to be able to plan for everyone but plan for for some of those so that you can have a more enjoyable trip if something does happen you fix it you move on and you figure out how to keep enjoying uh the time on the water so step 10 is enjoy your trip that's really the whole goal of this is to build up to having fun and and when the more you prepare the easier it is to have a great time and the easier it is to have a great time when something goes wrong uh whether it's the weather whether it's a mechanical whether a reservation gets canceled having that flexibility uh built in really comes from having the plan the more you plan the more you're able to deal with the things that are that aren't planned if you want to learn more about travel tips and tricks got a playlist here of some of the the other videos that we've done about tips trips and and trip planning so check that out kind of what we've learned if you have any I've gotten any value from this subscribe ask us questions in the comments uh and we'd love to kind of keep building the community hope to see you on the water remember have fun be safe be happy

  Top Comments:
  1. @brianunderwood3109 [2 likes]: New subscriber, thanks for all the useful info. We've been looking at the nc1095, what were some of the other boats you looked at before you chose this one?
  2. @douglasbuchanan4203 [2 likes]: Hi Dave, I just wanted to let you know how much I appreciate your posts.  I'm 54 and planning on retiring at 60 and the Jeanneau NC 1095 is one of the boats i'm considering but more importantly, I don't have a ton of experience in over night boating (most of mine is fishing and loading up on the trailer at the end of the day). so this video might be my favorite but I also like the dingy videos since it's a light weight run about that is easy to launch.  I'll be in the Northwest on the Columbia River for most of my boating but have learned a lot from your posts.  Thanks Again!
  3. @alfonsoqf5754 [2 likes]: Nice video. Do you have any leak on your ventilation grid located at the Stern? When you have been browsing for hours.
  4. @SeaSaltAndFish [2 likes]: thanks for the video. Can you please tell me the dinghy and the motor  you purchased for your NC 1095? I am trying to decide one for us.
  5. @JsdjJsj-se7op [1 likes]: Hi there, thoughtful vid. Ide really love to hear about peoples experience about tides and weather when setting voyage. Like an in depth of how you plan. I'm not after a lesson in tifes or weather but what a captain actually do to prepare. Thanks again
  6. @kel108 [1 likes]: I hear alot of people think fit and finish on this and antares are not the best, would be interested in your opinion,  looking at buying something like a 1095 or possibly a regal 38 but the later i would have to buy used as opposed to new
  7. @theguyfromdk4072 [1 likes]: Was wondering why you chose 1095 without flybridge??
  8. @paull6663 [1 likes]: That's 'learning and relearning' ????  Sounds to me like as soon as you purchased your boat all your boat captain experience came flooding back and then some!  'Failure to plan, means you are planning to fail'.... I'm pretty sure that's never going to apply here....🙂
  9. @gusestrella [1 likes]: Excellent video ! Has to be the most comprehensive and straightforward video on boat planning trip have ran across.  

The planning around redundant elements (plugs, extra anchor, satellite phone, etc) might seem overkill to many new boaters,but experience say duper key to ensure when things fail doesnot ruin a trip. 

Another resource on planning i use a ton is youtube itself. Many times can see marinas or even popular anchorages spots and get excellent sense how will be.
  10. @RichardLynch-y6e: Hi Dave - off topic but what size anchor was included on your 1095 or what type and anchor do you have now if changed?
  11. @ramrealty6648: Nice info
  12. @vinothmohandoesnotlikegoogle: 200 miles is ~$1100. Wow, was not expecting that. 

May be, I should start looking into the Greenline Hybrid series.
  13. @TrueFilter: Nice channel

- Yacht Week Croatia — Is It Worth £2000+? (Honest Review, Part 1): Kind: captions Language: en On this episode of Lock Vlogs, we have Yacht Week Croatia. No, it's not going to look like that. Here's what it really is. We're talking 30 yachts, about eight people per yacht, meaning we're voyaging with roughly 240 people, partying, drinking, and all the stuff that comes with it. This is going to get loose. I am Johnny [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] run down. >> We just met our crew yacht week. >> We get into the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] place. We're all excited and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Rem's taking like what, three nervous [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] something with her ages. And then there was Aussie girl uh two London. The Aussie girl drops out last minute. We found out and the skipper 65 and Bill. >> Well, it's actually [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Like what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] >> But he's a proper big Donnie. A >> ridiculous. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] >> I think Jimmy catfished us for the better. Jimmy Butler. We thought Jimmy >> Butler [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] stud. >> So it's two nil down red card. >> An opposition of studs. >> And we're versing a good team as well in the tunnel about to walk out. You're thinking you're versing their [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] reserve grade, but it's their [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] main team. That's why we're 2-0 down with [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] a red card straight away. But >> only up from here. >> Our expectations are low now. We've got seven weeks. >> Seven weeks. >> Seven days. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Hopefully not seven weeks. And we hopefully fast forward this and we'll get the 90minute score. Early prediction. I think we lose 6. >> I think we lose 6. I play 45 minutes. I get sent off with a red card cuz >> Yeah, I'm a little bit more optimistic. I think it'll be good. I think we'll come back 32. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it. >> I think we need that. >> All right. First of all, who's tackling the bull? No one told you life was going to be this way. Your job you broke your love the other way. It's like you're always stuck in second gear. that it hasn't been your day. We lost your I'll be there for you. I'll be there for you. I'll be there for you. Oh my god. Look at the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] scenes, brother. Look at the scenes. So, I'll [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] skip. We got our little latch open to our um our bed and like middle of the night gets a bucket of water and just sprays our bed. >> Disrespect. Crazy disrespect. >> [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] my hair's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] >> So, we're going to do a swimming race. Let's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] do it. Swimming race. Yacht week. Let's go. Race done. I can't believe it. Polo took the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] W this time. Fair play to him, man. You know, I was talking [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] about his swimming for the last 6 months and he beat me in a swimming race in Croatia in the middle of the Atlantic or whatever it's called. Colo, mate. I owe you that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] camera, >> Colo. I owe you apology. >> There you go. >> I owe you an apology, man. >> But he did. You know, there was some foul play. >> All I don't care about the race. I didn't do it for the race. I did it for the disrespect he given me. Tell him to burn on a threeman that I can't swim. >> It's crazy. >> Okay. I'm sorry, man. Yeah. Yeah. Appreciate it. >> We move on. Let's go. >> We move on. >> Yeah. Let's explore the island. >> Our plane just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] crashed. We're on some random island >> on a random Monday, bro. We're in [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Croatia. Yacht week, baby. Doesn't get much better than this. I want you to subscribe to my Patreon. If you want to be living a life like this on a random Tuesday in Croatia, earning passive income, join my school group. >> If you want me, if you need me, I'll be yours. If you want me, I'm [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] cooked right now. How you going? Yacht week is proper unreal. Oh god, I'm loving it. Look at this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Look at this. How good is that? Experience so far has been proper proper good. We got what? Six more days of this. Today we're trying to pull some. So, we turned on Sex is on fire and they're right next to us. >> Is this song too forward? >> Is it too forward? That's what I'm trying to say. That's the question of the day. >> It's right on point. >> That's all we need. >> Where is everyone? >> Let's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] go. >> Later. >> Let's go. >> [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] It reminds me of 2021. I wonder >> is this part of the vlog? >> Yeah. >> Hi vlog. >> Guys, I really think you should subscribe to Lock Vlogs. There's heaps of great content. >> Is that going vlog? >> I'm going to cut this all out. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it, >> guys. Guys. Yeah. Yeah. No, it's going to be like surf tornado cyclone. Surf Tornado Cyclone. Y we [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Don't tell Don't teach Robbie how to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] off of this. Lock is questioning all of my which I'm a little bit concerned about. I'm not going to lie. But I'm very excited for 55 and I'm excited to walk home at 5 a.m. in the morning. Is it hey, >> how was uh last night. >> Oh, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] >> I'm keen for today. Last night was amazing, actually. I really enjoyed it. >> Yeah, it was a fun night. >> It was a real fun night. We all got [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up. King's cup lost it again. Same as 2023. Um but the club was good, but I made it better cuz we're [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up. Up. >> You got to say something otherwise. Hi everyone. >> What are you going to say? What do you >> Hi, Locky's fans. >> Ly here currently. >> Oh, it's got a camera and everything. >> It's GoPro. >> What do you rate your experience out of 10 so far? >> So far, >> solid 6.5. >> Ooh, that's pretty low. >> I would say mine would be like um >> No, probably >> an eight. An eight. Wow. >> An 8.3. >> My highlight would be jumping in the water. Jumping in the water. I agree. The swimming has been good >> as a hangover. >> Yes. Last night was probably really fun for me. >> Yeah. Actually, dancing horizontally >> or dancing horizontally. Sorry. >> Anyway, that's it for now. See you guys next time. >> This is amazing. Hey, hey, hey. Let's do it. Let's >> [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] do it. >> Have a fun one, boy. >> Thanks, Mama. Mama. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I lost my glasses. >> I lost my glasses. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] The boat's coming. Spider-Man. He means business. Where the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Shrek. >> Shrek. Let's go, Shrek. >> Um, the only fans boat's just there. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hell. Only fans boat. There's a lot going on up there. Somebody is going to roll me. I hate the shop in the She's looking in the Hey, you got I'm cutting that out. I'm cutting that out. >> I don't Everyone >> Oh, what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] do >> How do you conquer? >> How do you conquer it? >> What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] >> I'm close to nutting right now, bro. >> We're getting multiple vaginas in that Honey Bunny. The last night of the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] night. >> This will be the loosest night we've had. >> I'm losing blood [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] fast.

  Top Comments:
  1. @joshkolo492 [1 likes]: The best video on YT
  2. @P4ntythief: Sick video mate, do random ppl get assigned to different yatchs and do you know beforehand ie girl ratio?
  3. @tommcmullen4915: Waiting for Berlin’s Vlog to drop…
  4. @jemimamccann523: Let’s get this trending 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
  5. @phoebekellock106: Video OF the year
  6. @lottielevinge2739: WHO gave me the gopro
  7. @timlahiff: Edit is unreal 😂

- "Homeless at 20, She Bought a Rusted Yacht for $10—What She Found Inside Made Her Wealthy": Kind: captions Language: en Olivia Grace was 20 years old and completely homeless. Her father had been a sailor, a captain who loved the ocean more than anything in the world. He had taken Olivia on his boat when she was young, teaching her about the sea, the stars, navigation, and the freedom that comes from being on the water. But when Olivia was 15, her father's boat had caught fire during a terrible storm at sea. He had died trying to save his crew members, sacrificing himself for others. Her mother, unable to cope with the grief and loss, had turned to alcohol and eventually abandoned Olivia when she was 18 years old. For the last 2 years, Olivia had been living on the streets of Miami, sleeping on beaches, in homeless shelters, in her car when she could afford to buy gas. She worked minimum wage jobs, cleaning hotel rooms, working at restaurants, doing whatever she could find to survive. She saved every single dollar, every penny she earned. She dreamed of the ocean, of her father, of the freedom she had felt on his boat years ago. And then she found the listing for an abandoned yacht in the Miami harbor for $10 at a county auction. The yacht was a complete disaster. A once beautiful 60-foot luxury sailboat. It sat deteriorating in the water at a moing buoy in the Miami harbor, completely neglected and falling apart. The hull was covered thick with barnacles and rust from years of saltwater exposure. The sails were torn and moldy from decay. The cabin was flooded with seaater and damage. The interior was a mess of decay, mold, and rot. The yacht had been abandoned for many years, and the harbor master wanted it gone immediately. They were willing to sell it to anyone for $10 just to clear the mooring space and get it off their books. Olivia had been saving money carefully for months, working extra shifts, and living frugally. She had exactly $10.75 to her name. She used $10 to buy the yacht at a harbor auction held at the dock. A kind dock worker helped her with all the paperwork and documentation. Two weeks later, she received the official deed and ownership papers in the mail. The yacht was hers. When Olivia first climbed aboard the yacht, the deck was slippery with algae and salt residue. The smell was overwhelming. Salt water decay and abandonment mixed together. But as she descended into the cabin carefully, something shifted deep inside her. This vessel had belonged to someone. This was a home on the water. This represented freedom in physical form. She could feel her father's presence here somehow. She spent the first week exploring every inch of the yacht carefully. She found the captain's quarters, the galley kitchen, the storage areas, the engine room. Everything was waterlogged and ruined by years of exposure to salt water and humidity. But in the captain's quarters, behind a locked wooden cabinet that was swollen and warped from water damage, she found something that made her heart stop completely. A metal chest, an old metal chest with a heavy latch. The lock was corroded and covered thick in rust from decades of saltwater exposure, but she managed to force it open using tools she found scattered on the dock. Inside the chest were canvas bags, waterproof canvas bags that have been carefully preserved and sealed against water damage. The bags were organized systematically and deliberately as if someone had taken great care and effort to protect their contents from the ocean. The first bag contained gold coins, rare United States gold coins from the 1930s and4s, valuable collector coins. The second bag contained paper money, old bills from the 1940s and 1950s, carefully wrapped in plastic sheets, perfectly protected from the saltwater damage surrounding them. The third bag held more coins. The fourth bag contained additional currency from different decades. The fifth bag held even more precious valuables. Olivia's hands shook as she counted the money with growing amazement and disbelief. There was approximately $43,000 in cash carefully preserved. The gold coins were worth another $20,000 based on current market value and rarity. Total value $63,000. a fortune. A life-changing amount of money left in a metal chest on an abandoned yacht in Miami Harbor. She sat on the wet floor of the captain's quarters and wept. She thought about her father, about whether this had somehow been his yacht, about whether he had hidden this money here, waiting for her to find it. She researched the yacht's history extensively using online databases. The boat had been built in 1938 and had changed owners many times over the decades. There was no direct way to confirm her father's connection to the vessel, but in her heart, she knew. She felt it in her very bones and soul. She knew her father had left her this gift across time and beyond death. She used the money wisely to restore the yacht completely and carefully. She hired skilled workers to repair the hull, to replace the sails with new canvas, to clean and renovate the entire interior. She restored the yacht to its original beauty and magnificence. She painted it a fresh white with blue trim. She replaced all the wooden fixtures with new teak wood. She created a beautiful and comfortable home on the water. The yacht became something beautiful again. Olivia enrolled in maritime school and became certified as a ship's captain. Following directly in her father's footsteps and honoring his memory, she started a nonprofit organization that provides sailing opportunities and mentorship to homeless youth in Miami. She teaches them navigation, seammanship, water safety, and the freedom that comes from being on the water. She has helped over 200 young people find their way and build new lives. Today, Olivia is 23 years old. She lives on the restored yacht in Miami Harbor. She captains sailing expeditions for young people experiencing homelessness. She has transformed her grief into purpose, her loss into meaningful mission, her homelessness into a real and beautiful home. She thinks about her father everyday and thanks him. Olivia Grace was 20 years old and homeless when she bought a rusted yacht for $10. It was the best $10 she ever spent because what she found there was not just money and gold coins. She found her father's love preserved in a metal chest waiting for her to arrive and claim her inheritance and her future. If you believe that parents leave us gifts beyond death, subscribe to this

- The Pethericks' Mega-Yacht: Historical Gem or Million Dollar Money Pit?: Kind: captions Language: en It's the ultimate YouTube flex. Buying an abandoned luxurious piece of history. Recently, the channel The Perix dropped a bombshell video claiming they had just purchased a 75- ft mega yacht with ties to none other than the legendary Frank Sinatra. On the surface, the story is incredibly glamorous. Built in 1956 by the Burgerboat Company, the yacht was originally commissioned by millionaire philanthropist Victor M. Cormick for what would be roughly half a million dollars back then. It changed hands to another millionaire, Bill Post, and eventually to the heirs of the Maxwell House coffee fortune. But let's look a little closer at the video's biggest claim, the Frank Sinatra connection. The title boldly claims it's Frank Sinatra's abandoned yacht, but the real exposure here isn't just about the celebrity named dropping. It's about the terrifying reality of what was actually purchased. This isn't just a fixer upper. This is a 70-year-old steel vessel that has been rotting, abandoned in a marina for over a decade. It was used as a floating Airbnb in London, shipped across the world, and left to decay. And here's the most shocking admission of all. The host confesses he bought this massive complicated piece of machinery completely blind. No marine survey, no inspection, absolutely no idea if anything works. He inherited twin Detroit diesel falf 8 engines nicknamed screaming jimmies that are notorious for smoking and noise without even turning the key. We're looking at severe water ingress, completely flooded bes and a rusted hull. Restoring a 195675- f foot yacht with original mahogany and vintage Vitus hydraulic steering isn't a weekend DIY project. It is a financial black hole that can easily swallow millions. Did the Perix uncover a hidden historical gem? Or did they just buy a bottomless money pit wrapped in an unverified Frank Sinatra rumor? We'll be watching closely as the water gets pumped out and the real bills start pouring in. What do you guys think? Is this the ultimate maritime rescue or a disastrous financial shipwreck waiting to happen? Drop your thoughts down in the comments below. If you want us to keep tracking the real story behind this restoration and see just how deep this money pit goes, hit that subscribe button and turn on notifications. Thanks for watching and we'll see you in the next deep dive.

  Top Comments:
  1. @tonyslattery2472 [1 likes]: Don’t try to leap-frog your content off the Pethericks.
  2. @loum.4377 [1 likes]: You said nothing here!  Total bullshlt.   Click Bait!

- The Dark Fate of the Billionaire Aboard Yacht “Lady Ghislaine”: Kind: captions Language: en There are fortunes that rise on paper and fortunes that sink in steel. On November 5th, 1991, a man vanished from the deck of his own superyacht in the middle of the Atlantic Ocean. His body was found floating 20 m from shore. No witnesses, no struggle, apparently no explanation. His name was Robert Maxwell, and he was one of the wealthiest men in Britain. mediabaron publisher, a survivor of the Holocaust who had built an empire from nothing. But within 48 hours of his death, investigators discovered he had stolen 440 million pounds from his own employees pension funds. The empire was a fraud. The wealth was an illusion. And the yacht, the Lady Gizlen, became evidence in one of the largest financial scandals of the 20th century. But this is not just a story about his death. This is also a story about the machine he left behind. A vessel that cost $20 million to build and $5 million every year just to keep floating. A kingdom of steel that demanded feeding whether it moved or not. What really happened to Robert Maxwell? There are some possible answers. Join me as we go below deck into the dark fate of the billionaire aboard Lady Gizlane. Robert Maxwell was born Yan Ludvik Hyman Binyamin Hawk in 1923 in a village so small that most maps did not bother printing its name. Slatins Doli in what was then Czechoslovakia, a place where poverty was not a condition but a climate. He survived the Holocaust. His parents did not, his siblings did not. By the time he arrived in Britain, he had already buried more than most men witness in a lifetime. And he carried with him a hunger that would never be satisfied. Not by food, not by safety, not by wealth. He reinvented himself, changed his name, joined the British army, fought in the war, earned a military cross for bravery, but bravery does not build empires. Ambition does. And Maxwell had ambition the way other men have blood. He entered the publishing business in the 1950s, acquiring small scientific journals, then larger ones, then entire imprints. By the 1960s, he controlled Pergeaman Press, a significant academic publisher. He understood something fundamental about information. It could be bought, repackaged, and sold again at a markup. The content did not matter. The distribution did. By the 1980s, Maxwell had expanded into newspapers. The Daily Mirror, The Sunday Mirror, The People. He purchased the New York Daily News in 1991, a crumbling American tabloid that lost money every month, but carried the illusion of influence. He was not a careful man. He was a gambler. He borrowed against one acquisition to fund the next. He used pension funds, his own employees retirement savings, as collateral for loans. He moved money between subsidiaries like a magician palming cards, always one step ahead of the creditors, always confident the next deal would cover the last. And it worked. For decades, it worked. He became one of the wealthiest men in Britain. He dined with prime ministers. He owned football clubs. He threw parties on his estates. He was loud, abrasive, brilliant, terrifying. His staff feared him. His children both adored and resented him. His wife endured him. And in 1986, at the height of his power, he decided he needed a yacht, not a yacht for leisure, not a toy, a statement, a floating headquarters, a kingdom that could sail. The decision to commission a super yacht is not made lightly, though it is often made quickly. Maxwell did not want a production model. He did not want something that could be rented by Shakes or Silicon Valley founders. He wanted something singular, custom his. The initial conversations began in Monaco as these things often do. Naval architects were summoned. Designers were interviewed. Specifications were drawn up on napkins, then refined in studios, then formalized in contracts that ran to hundreds of pages. The vessel would be 180 ft long. It would accommodate 12 guests and a rotating crew of 21. It would feature a master suite with a private office, a formal dining room, a cinema, a gymnasium, and a helellipad. But more importantly, it would be capable of crossing oceans. This was not a Mediterranean toy. This was a true bluewater cruiser capable of sustained speeds over 20 knots with fuel capacity measured in thousands of gallons and range measured in thousands of nautical miles. The architects presented their findings in a leatherbound feasibility study. The document was thorough. It outlined every system, every cost, every dependency. Fuel consumption at cruising speed approximately 200 gall hour. Crew salaries roughly $1,2 million per year assuming full staffing with experienced officers. Maintenance and refit estimated at 10% of the vessel's total value annually. Insurance fluctuating based on usage, flag state and crew qualifications, but conservatively projected at $400,000 per year. Dockage fees, variable but prime births in Monaco or Antibb could exceed $500,000 annually. The architects did not editorialize. They simply presented the numbers. The vessel would cost approximately $20 million to build. It would cost $3 million to $5 million per year to operate, assuming moderate use. Maxwell read the report. He signed the contract anyway. The shipyard selected for the build was Aml, a Dutch yard with a reputation for precision and discretion. The Dutch do not build yachts the way the Italians do. There is less flourish, less opera, but there is also less compromise. The project was assigned a whole number, not a name, not yet. And the keel was laid in the spring of 1986. This is the moment when dreams meet steel. A keel is not decorative. It is the spine of the vessel, the structural foundation upon which everything else is built. It must be perfectly straight, perfectly level, and perfectly aligned with the center line of the ship. Any deviation, even a fraction of a degree, will propagate through the entire build, creating imbalances that cannot be corrected later. The keel for hull 433, as it was known internally, weighed 40 tons. It was cast in sections, transported to the yard on flatbed trucks, and welded together in the fabrication hall before being lowered into the dry dock. The welding alone took 3 weeks. This is not fast work. This is not careless work. This is the kind of work that requires men to sleep in trailers beside the dock, to eat sandwiches at midnight, to return to the same seam over and over until the X-ray inspection confirms there are no voids, no inclusions, no weaknesses. But even before the keel was fully assembled, there were complications. Maxwell wanted modifications. He wanted the master suite enlarged. He wanted the helipad reinforced to accommodate a larger helicopter. He wanted additional fuel tanks installed to extend the range by 500 nautical miles. Each request was technically feasible, but each request had consequences. Enlarging the master suite meant recalculating the weight distribution. The naval architects had designed the vessel with a specific center of gravity in mind. Moving weight aft or forward, even by a few tons, would affect stability. Reinforcing the helellipad meant adding steel. Steel adds weight. Weight requires more buoyancy, which means more displacement, which means more fuel consumption, which means larger fuel tanks, which means more weight. It is a loop. Every modification pulls at the next. The yard's chief engineer raised concerns, not objections, concerns. He presented revised stability curves. He showed what would happen if the vessel took on water in certain compartments. He demonstrated the potential for listing if ballast were not carefully managed. Maxwell was not interested in curves. He was interested in results. The modifications were approved. The budget quietly began to climb. By late 1986, the hull had taken shape. Frame by frame, plate by plate, the skeleton of the yacht emerged from the dry dock like a fossil being reassembled. Steel is patient. Steel does not care about deadlines. It cares about welds, about tolerances, about the integrity of joints that will spend decades flexing in salt water. The yard worked in shifts, day crew, night crew, weekend crew. The project consumed resources the way a fire consumes oxygen, continuously, relentlessly. Custom components were fabricated offsite and shipped in. The engines were built by MTU, a German manufacturer known for producing power plants for naval vessels and rescue craft. Each engine weighed 8 tons. Two were ordered along with three generators for auxiliary power. The engines alone cost $1.2 million. They arrived in wooden crates wrapped in Cosmolin, a waxy preservative that had to be painstakingly removed before installation. The removal took a week. The installation took three. Once the engines were mounted, they had to be aligned with the propeller shafts. This is precision work. The tolerance is measured in thousandth of an inch. If the alignment is off, the entire drivetrain will vibrate. Vibration leads to wear. Wear leads to failure. The alignment took 2 weeks. And then there were the generators. The yacht required continuous electrical power even when the main engines were off. Lighting, refrigeration, air conditioning, navigation systems, communications equipment. All of it demanded electricity. The generators ran on diesel. They were housed in a soundproofed compartment deep in the hull below the water line where their noise would not disturb the guests. But noise is energy and energy when trapped becomes heat. The generator room required dedicated cooling systems, fans, ducts, heat exchangers, all of which required their own electrical supply. It is a machine within a machine within a machine. And every machine has an appetite. The original launch date was set for May 1987. By March, it was clear this would not happen. The shipyard issued a revised schedule. June, then July, then August. Delay clauses in the contract were triggered. Penalties were calculated, but penalties are a cost and costs can be absorbed if the project is important enough. Maxwell did not cancel. He accelerated. He authorized overtime. He brought in additional subcontractors. He approved premium rates for expedited materials. The yard's workforce swelled from 60 to 110. Men worked 12-hour shifts 6 days a week. Welders worked through the night, their torches casting shadows across the hull like lightning trapped in slow motion. And still the schedule slipped because you cannot compress time when working with steel. You can add labor, but you cannot add speed without adding risk. And risk in a vessel designed to carry human beings across open ocean is not acceptable. The launch finally occurred on September 12th, 1987, 4 months behind schedule. The yacht was rolled out of the fabrication hall on a cradle, towed to the slipway, and lowered into the water for the first time. This is a sacred moment in ship building. The moment when theory meets reality, when the calculations are tested by physics, the vessel settled into the water. Ballast tanks were flooded, adjusted, drained, and reflooded. The yacht listed slightly to starboard. More ballast was added to the port side. The list corrected. But during the first sea trial, a short voyage in calm water with only the crew aboard, the engineers noted something. Vibration. Not catastrophic, not dangerous, but present. It came from the drivetrain. A resonance at certain RPMs that the dampening systems did not fully suppress. The chief engineer logged it. He noted the specific engine speeds at which the vibration occurred. He recommended further analysis. Maxwell was not present for the sea trial. He was in London negotiating the purchase of another company. The vibration was noted, but it was not addressed. And so the Lady Gizlen entered service, beautiful, powerful, and flawed in ways that only salt and time would reveal. The keel had been laid under protest. The engines hummed with a tremor no one wanted to name. And the clock, as it always does, began to run. The Lady Gizen required a crew of 21, not servants, not staff. A crew. There is a difference. A servant can be dismissed. A crew member holds a certificate. a license issued by a maritime authority that says they are qualified to operate machinery that can kill you if mishandled. The captain held a master mariner's license, unlimited tonnage, unlimited waters. This is not a decoration. This is a qualification that requires years at sea, examinations in navigation, meteorology, collision regulations, and emergency procedures. It requires proving under observation that you can bring a vessel into port in a storm, that you can calculate a fix using only a seextant and a chronometer, that you can command men when systems fail. Captain Mike was hired in October 1987, 3 weeks after the yacht's first sea trial. His salary was $120,000 per year, plus benefits, plus a discretionary bonus tied to the owner's satisfaction. Below him a first officer, a chief engineer, two assistant engineers, a bosen, four deck hands, a chef, two stewardesses, two stewards, an electrician, a purser, and a medic. Some were hired on permanent contracts. Others were rotational, working 3 months on, one month off. Their schedule staggered to ensure the yacht never lacked qualified personnel. The total annual payroll, including benefits and insurance, came to $1.4 million. This was before the yacht left port for its first official voyage. Because the machine does not care whether it moves, the machine demands feeding whether it sails or sits. The crew lived aboard, not in cabins like the guests. In births, narrow bunks in the crew quarters below the water line where the hum of the generators was constant and the air smelled faintly of diesel and laundry detergent. They worked in shifts. The engineers rotated through the engine room every 6 hours. The deck hands scrubbed, polished, painted, and repaired. The stewardesses cleaned cabins that had not been slept in, prepared meals that were not eaten, and stood ready to serve guests who did not arrive. Because Maxwell was rarely aboard. In the first year of operation, the Lady Gizlin spent 280 days docked in Onib. The crew worked every one of those days. They maintained systems. They ran drills. They tested equipment. They repainted railings. They polished brass. They inventoried linens. They updated charts. They scrubbed the teak decks with seaater and stiff brushes because teak that is not scrubbed becomes slippery and slippery teik kills people. The crew did not complain. This is the nature of the work. You are paid to be ready not to be used but the cost does not pause for readiness. The payroll ran every 2 weeks whether the yacht moved or not. The engines were MTU16V396 TE94 diesels. Each engine produced 3,460 horsepower. Together, they could push the Lady Gizlane to a top speed of 24 knots in calm seas. But top speed is not cruising speed. Cruising speed, the speed at which fuel efficiency and engine longevity are optimized, was 18 knots. At 18 knots, the yacht consumed approximately 210 gall of diesel per hour. Both engines running, propellers turning, holes slicing through water, 210 gall per hour. That is 5,040 gall per day if cruising continuously. The fuel tanks held 32,000 gall. This gave the yacht a theoretical range of 3,200 nautical miles at cruising speed, enough to cross the Atlantic if the weather cooperated, if the load was light, if the engines performed as designed. But theory is not practice. In practice, fuel consumption varied. Sea state mattered. Wind direction mattered. Hull fouling mattered. Even the temperature of the seawater affected engine efficiency. And fuel was only consumed while underway. Except it wasn't because even when the yacht was docked, the generators ran. Three Onan generators, each producing 99 kW of electrical power. They ran in rotation, one active, one on standby, one offline for maintenance. They powered the lighting, the refrigeration, the air conditioning, the water makers, the sewage treatment plant, the navigation systems, the communication systems, the security systems, the laundry machines, the galley equipment, the entertainment systems. The generators ran 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. Each generator consumed approximately 8 gall of diesel per hour. That is 192 gall per day. That is 70,000 80 gall per year. Even when the yacht did not move, it drank fuel. At an average price of 250 per gallon in the late 1980s, fuel costs for the generators alone exceeded $175,000 per year. And that was just to keep the lights on. The guest cabins were climate controlled. This is not the same as air conditioned. Climate control implies precision. The temperature in the master suite was maintained at exactly 68° F year round regardless of whether the yacht was in the Mediterranean in August or the Caribbean in December. This required compressors, chillers, ducts, sensors, thermostats, fans. It required the generators to run continuously, but climate control was only part of the system. The yacht also featured acoustic dampening. The hull was lined with layers of foam and rubber designed to absorb vibration and deaden sound. The guest cabins were isolated from the crew quarters by structural gaps. Empty spaces filled with insulation so that the noise of the engines, the generators, the pumps and the cruise work would not disturb the owner's sleep. Silence aboard a superyacht is one of the most expensive features. It is more expensive than marble, more expensive than gold leaf, more expensive than the Bosendorfer grand piano bolted to the floor of the main saloon. Because silence requires energy, it requires systems running in opposition to each other, cooling systems to counter engine heat, ventilation systems to move air without creating drafts, pumps circulating water through sound dampening mounts. The chief engineer estimated that 40% of the yacht's electrical load, while docked, was dedicated to environmental control and acoustic management. 40% of the power consumption was spent creating the illusion that the machine was not a machine, and the guests on the rare occasions they were aboard never heard a thing. Insurance for a vessel like the Lady Gizlane is not a simple transaction. It is a negotiation. a contract built on risk assessment, actuarial tables, and the underwriters's confidence that the owner will not do anything catastrophically stupid. The initial premium when the yacht entered service in 1987 was $380,000 per year. This covered the hull, the machinery, the equipment, third-party liability, crew injury, environmental damage in the event of a fuel spill. But the premium was not fixed. It was recalculated annually based on the yacht's operating history, the crew's qualifications, the maintenance records, and the ports visited. If the crew changed, if experienced officers left and were replaced by less experienced ones, the premium increased. If maintenance was deferred, if required inspections were skipped, if equipment certifications lapsed, the premium increased. If the yacht entered high-risk waters, certain parts of the Red Sea, certain straits in Southeast Asia, the premium increased. And if the owner used the yacht for anything other than private pleasure, if it was chartered, if it was used for commercial purposes, if it hosted events that involved non-crew personnel operating equipment, the policy could be voided entirely. The insurance contract ran to 47 pages. It specified that the yacht must undergo a full survey every 5 years, that the engines must be serviced according to the manufacturer's schedule, that the life rafts must be inspected and repacked annually, that the crew must complete safety drills monthly with logs submitted to the insurer as proof. The contract also specified that certain behaviors would result in immediate cancellation, operating the yacht while intoxicated, failing to report an accident within 24 hours, allowing unqualified personnel to operate the helm or the engines. The penalties for non-compliance were not fines. They were the loss of coverage. And a superyacht without insurance is a super yacht that cannot leave port. In 1989, the premium was raised to $420,000. The reason given increased operational hours and a minor grounding incident in Sardinia that damaged the starboard propeller. Maxwell paid, but his cash flow by then was tightening. The yacht was not just a vessel. It was a fortress. Maxwell was a man who made enemies easily. business rivals, journalists, former employees, governments. He had been accused of espionage, of arms dealing, of fraud. Some of the accusations were true, some were not, but all of them made him cautious. The Lady Gizlane was designed with security in mind. Access to the yacht was controlled by a single gang way, monitored by cameras, and locked when not in use. Guests were escorted at all times. Crew were forbidden from entering certain areas without authorization. The master suite, the office, and the communications room were locked even when the owner was not aboard. The communications room was particularly sensitive. It housed satellite phones, encrypted fax machines, and radio equipment capable of reaching anywhere on the planet. It also housed filing cabinets, physical files, not digital, containing documents that Maxwell did not trust to any office ashore. Only the captain and the purser had keys to the communications room, and they had been instructed never to enter it unless absolutely necessary. Security added cost, not just in equipment, cameras, locks, alarms, but in personnel. Two crew members were tasked with security duties. They were not bodyguards in the traditional sense. They were deck hands with additional training. They monitored access. They checked credentials. They ensured that no one photographed the yacht without permission. Their salaries were the same as other deck hands. But their responsibilities added complexity to the staffing schedule. And complexity in maritime operations always adds cost. By 1990, the yacht's operating procedures included protocols for handling VIP guests, procedures for securing documents, and contingency plans for evacuation in the event of a security threat. None of these procedures were ever tested, but the machine, as always, waited. In May 1990, the yacht's accountant prepared an annual operating summary for Maxwell's review. The document was direct. It listed every expense, every category, every variance from the previous year. Crew salaries $1,120,000. Fuel $640,000. Maintenance and repairs $780,000. Insurance $420,000. Dockage and port fees $520,000. Provisions and consumables $310,000. Communication and navigation systems $95,000. Miscellaneous $140,000 total $4,125,000. This was the cost of existing, not the cost of cruising the Mediterranean, not the cost of hosting dignitaries or flying to the yacht by helicopter or impressing rivals, just existing. The yacht had traveled one 200 nautical miles that year. It had been occupied by the owner for 18 days. The cost per day of occupancy, $245833. The cost per nautical mile, $3,688. Maxwell reviewed the report in his London office. He read it while on the phone, conducting two other conversations simultaneously. He did not ask questions. He did not challenge the numbers. He signed the approval for the following year's budget and returned to negotiating the purchase of a television network. because the yacht was not to him an expense. It was a marker, a signal, a piece on the board. And men like Maxwell do not ask what things cost. They ask what things are worth. But the distinction, it turns out, matters. Because worth is subjective. Cost is not. And the machine, indifferent to worth, to reputation, to the illusions of power, simply continued to consume. The generators hummed, the crew rotated, the brass was polished, the teak was scrubbed, and somewhere in the yacht's log books, an engineer noted that the vibration at cruising speed had worsened slightly. Not enough to ground the vessel, not enough to halt operations, just enough to remember. By the spring of 1991, Robert Maxwell's empire was no longer expanding. It was imploding quietly at first, then catastrophically. The newspapers he owned were losing money. The Daily Mirror circulation was falling. The New York Daily News was hemorrhaging cash. $70,000 per day every day with no clear path to profitability. His publishing ventures, once profitable, were now servicing debt rather than generating revenue. He had borrowed against future earnings. He had borrowed against assets that were overvalued. He had borrowed against pension funds, his employees pension funds. Approximately $440 million had been siphoned from the Mirror Group pension scheme and used as collateral for loans that Maxwell could not repay. The money had been moved between subsidiaries disguised as intercomp loans hidden in offshore accounts. It was fraud, sophisticated, deliberate fraud. But it was also desperation because Maxwell had built his empire on leverage. And leverage works beautifully when assets appreciate. When they don't, leverage becomes a noose. By mid 1991, his creditors were circling. Banks were demanding repayment. Auditors were asking questions. Journalists, his own journalists were beginning to investigate. And through all of this, the Lady Gizlane continued to operate. The crew were paid. The fuel tanks were filled. The insurance premiums were met. Because the yacht was not just a vessel, it was a symbol. And symbols cannot be seen to fail. But in June 1991, the crew noticed something. Their salaries arrived 3 days late. Not an oversight, not a clerical error, a delay. The captain called the yachts management company. The management company called Maxwell's office. Maxwell's office issued a TUR statement. Temporary cash flow issue resolved will not happen again. It happened again in July. This time the delay was 5 days. Maritime labor contracts are specific about payment schedules. Crew members work under agreements governed by the flag state. The country under which the yacht is registered. The Lady Gizlane was registered in the United Kingdom, which meant the crew contracts were subject to British maritime law. Under those contracts, if salaries are not paid within seven days of the agreed date, crew members have the legal right to cease work and in some cases to leave the vessel entirely. The chief engineer, a pragmatic Scotsman named Harris, who had been with the yacht since commissioning, convened a meeting with the senior crew. They discussed options. They reviewed their contracts. They debated whether the delays were a sign of temporary difficulty or systemic collapse. Harris did not want to overreact. He had worked for wealthy owners before. He understood that liquidity issues were sometimes just timing problems, that cash moved slowly between accounts, that large organizations often paid late, not out of malice, but out of bureaucracy. But he also understood that a yacht is not a corporate office. A yacht is a machine that requires constant attention. If the crew walks, the machine dies. He sent a formal letter to the management company noting the delays and requesting assurance that future payments would be made on time. The response was immediate and cold. Payments would be made as funds became available. In August, two crew members resigned. One of the assistant engineers and one of the deck hands. Both had offers from other yachts. Both had been quietly looking for months, sensing instability. They were replaced within 2 weeks. But the replacements were less experienced. The assistant engineer had only 3 years at sea compared to the previous ones 12. Experience in maritime operations is not a luxury. It is the difference between identifying a problem early and discovering it too late. In September 1991, a scheduled maintenance inspection was postponed. The inspection was not optional. It was required by the classification society, the independent organization that certifies a yacht's seaorthiness. Every 5 years, a vessel underos a full survey. But between those surveys, there are intermediate inspections, annual checks of critical systems. The September inspection was intermediate. It covered the engines, the generators, the steering system, the fire suppression equipment, and the hull integrity. The cost, $45,000. The inspection was postponed due to scheduling conflicts. This is a phrase that means nothing and everything. The captain protested. He explained in writing that postponing the inspection could result in the classification society issuing a deficiency notice, which could in turn affect the yacht's insurance coverage. The response from Maxwell's office was brief. The inspection would be rescheduled when funds permitted. The classification society was not informed of the delay. This was a violation of the yacht's operating certificate. Not a major one, not grounds for immediate detention, but a violation nonetheless. And violations accumulate. Harris, the chief engineer, began keeping his own log. Not the official engine room log, which was part of the yacht's legal record. A personal log, a record of deferred maintenance, of systems that were operating outside their recommended service intervals, of inspections that were skipped. He did this not out of disloyalty. He did it because he understood that when owners fail, crew are blamed. And he had no intention of being blamed for decisions he did not make. By October, the list of deferred items included engine oil analysis overdue by 200 operating hours, generator synchronization test overdue by 90 days, fire suppression system pressure test overdue by 45 days, billagege pump overhaul overdue by 120 days, hull ultrasonic thickness survey postponed indefinitely. None of these items were immediately critical. The engines ran, the generators functioned, the fire suppression system would likely work if called upon likely. But maritime safety is not built on likelihood. It is built on certainty, and certainty requires money. Harris estimated that addressing all deferred maintenance would cost approximately $120,000. The funds were not allocated. On October 31st, 1991, the Lady Gus departed Gibralar. Maxwell was aboard. He had flown in from London earlier that day, accompanied by his son Kevin, and a small group of advisers. The yachts destination was Madiraa, then the Canary Islands, a short cruise, a working voyage. Maxwell intended to use the time to finalize negotiations for the sale of one of his companies. A sale that might, if successful, provide enough liquidity to hold off the creditors for another few months. The weather forecast was favorable. Light winds, calm seas, visibility good. The crew prepared the yacht for departure. The engines were started. The moing lines were released. The captain guided the vessel out of the harbor and into the open Atlantic. Maxwell spent most of the first evening in the master suite on the phone. His voice could be heard through the walls, even with the acoustic dampening, loud, insistent, angry. He did not join the others for dinner. The yacht continued south through the night, maintaining 16 knots, engines running smoothly. At approximately 4:45 a.m. on November 5th, 1991, a member of the crew noticed that Maxwell was not in his cabin. The door was open. The bed was empty. His reading glasses were on the nightstand. The captain was notified immediately. A search of the yacht was conducted. Every compartment, every deck, every space large enough for a man to occupy. Maxwell was not aboard. At 5:10 a.m., the captain activated the man overboard protocol. The yacht came about. The crew deployed search lights. The route was retraced. Radio calls were made to nearby vessels and to the Spanish Coast Guard. The sea was dark. The water temperature was 64° F. Survivable for perhaps 6 hours if the person was uninjured, if they remained calm, if they were found. The search continued for 3 hours. Nothing. At 8 or a.m., the Spanish Coast Guard dispatched a helicopter and two patrol boats. They searched for another 6 hours. At 2:15 p.m., a Spanish Air Force crew spotted a body floating approximately 20 m southwest of Grand Canaria. It was recovered by a fishing vessel. The body was identified as Robert Maxwell. The cause of death was listed as drowning. No signs of trauma. No evidence of foul play. The official conclusion, accidental death, likely the result of a heart attack or loss of balance while on deck. But conclusions in cases like this are more about closure than certainty because Maxwell was alone when he went overboard. No witnesses, no cameras on the aft deck, no definitive explanation. Some said it was suicide. A man facing financial ruin, criminal investigation, public disgrace, choosing the sea over prison. Some said it was an accident, a man in poor health, exhausted, disoriented in the dark, losing his footing on a wet deck. Some said it was murder. A man with too many enemies, too many secrets, too much knowledge of things powerful people wanted buried. The truth is unknowable, but the yacht survived. The machine, indifferent to the man who commissioned it, continued to float. Within 48 hours of Maxwell's death, the magnitude of his financial crimes began to emerge. Auditors discovered the missing pension funds. Investigators uncovered the web of offshore accounts, the fraudulent loans, the falsified balance sheets. The Mirror Group's stock collapsed. The banks froze Maxwell's assets. Creditors filed claims. Lawsuits were initiated and the Lady Gizlan docked in Tenneref became evidence. Not in the criminal sense. No one believed the yacht itself was involved in the fraud, but in the practical sense. It was an asset, a very expensive asset, and assets in bankruptcy proceedings are seized. The Spanish authorities placed a lean on the vessel. It could not leave port without clearance. It could not be sold without court approval. The crew were instructed to remain aboard and maintain the yacht pending further notice, but no one specified who would pay them. For 2 weeks, the crew operated in limbo. They performed their duties. They ran the generators. They kept the systems alive. And then on November 20th, 1991, their salaries did not arrive. Not late, not delayed, simply absent. The captain contacted the management company. The management company had been dissolved. He contacted Maxwell's estate. The estate was insolvent. He contacted the yacht's insurers. The insurers stated that crew salaries were the owner's responsibility, not theirs. On November 25th, the captain convened a meeting with the entire crew. He explained the situation. He explained that they were legally entitled to leave, that they had fulfilled their contracts, that the vessel was no longer their responsibility. But he also explained that if they left, the yacht would deteriorate rapidly, that systems would fail, that the value, whatever remained of it, would collapse. He asked for volunteers to stay on as caretakers at reduced pay until the legal situation resolved. 14 of the 21 crew members agreed, not out of loyalty to Maxwell, out of loyalty to the machine, because sailors, even when betrayed, do not abandon ships. The yacht remained in Tenneref for 8 months. During that time, the caretaker crew maintained minimal operations. The generators ran on a reduced schedule, 12 hours on, 12 hours off to conserve fuel. Non-essential systems were shut down. The air conditioning was disabled. The entertainment systems were powered off. The yacht was no longer a palace. It was a Hulk, but it was a living Hulk. The crew repaired what they could with limited resources. They patched leaks. They monitored corrosion. They kept the engines from seizing by running them periodically. Even though the yacht went nowhere, they were paid sporadically from a fund established by the court to cover essential maintenance costs. The payments were a fraction of their original salaries, but they stayed. Harris, the chief engineer, remained aboard for six of those 8 months. He kept his personal log. He documented every system failure, every deferred repair. Every day the generators ran out of fuel because the resupply had been delayed. In March 1992, he noted that the vibration in the port engine had worsened. The dampening mounts, which had been flagged for replacement during the canceled September inspection, were failing. There was no money to replace them. Harris wrote in his log, "Port engine operable, but suboptimal. Vibration at 1600 RPM now pronounced. recommend replacement of mounts within 90 days to prevent secondary damage to drivetrain. The recommendation was filed with the court. It was never acted upon. In June 1992, the court authorized the sale of the Lady Gizlane. The proceeds would be used to pay creditors. The crew would receive severance. The yacht would change hands, but first it had to be valued. and valuation in the aftermath of scandal is not a matter of engineering. It is a matter of reputation. The yacht had been appraised at 22 million in 1990. In 1992, the best offer was $11 million. The hole was sound. The engines were functional. The systems, though neglected, were repable. But the name was poison. Steel, it turns out, remembers headlines. The Lady Gizlane was sold in August 1992 for $13.5 million, not to an individual, to a shell company registered in Panama acting on behalf of a buyer who preferred anonymity. This is common in the super yacht world. Discretion is not a luxury. It is a prerequisite. The sale was handled through a broker in Monaco. The transaction took six weeks to finalize. Lawyers reviewed documents. Surveyors inspected the vessel. Banks transferred funds through a chain of intermediaries designed to obscure the ultimate source. When the money cleared, the Spanish lean was lifted. The crew were paid their severance. The yacht was released, but it could not simply sail away. Because a yacht under maritime law carries its history in its registry, its name, its flag, its identification number. The new owner did not want that history. Within a month, the yacht was reflurisd, different regulations, different reporting requirements. The name was changed, not dramatically, not to erase the past entirely, but to soften it. Lady Gizlane became Lady G. Subtle, deniable, close enough to honor the original, distant enough to avoid association. The interior was refitted, not rebuilt, too expensive, but refreshed. New upholstery in the master suite, new linens, new artwork. The busendor for piano remained, but the sheet music was replaced. The crew was replaced entirely, not because the caretaker crew were incompetent, but because they knew too much. They had seen the yacht at its worst. They had witnessed the neglect, the delays, the desperation. The new owner wanted staff who saw only the machine as it was now, polished, functional, anonymous. Harris, the chief engineer, was offered a position with the new crew. He declined. He had spent six years aboard the Lady Gizlane. He had seen it built. He had seen it launched. He had seen it fail. He took a position on a smaller yacht in the Caribbean, something manageable, something that did not carry ghosts. Before he left, he handed over his logs. The official ones went to the new captain. The personal ones, the record of deferred maintenance, of skipped inspections, of systems operating beyond their limits. He kept not as blackmail, not as leverage, as memory, because machines do not remember, but men do. By 1993, the yacht had resumed operations under its new identity. It cruised the Mediterranean in summer, the Caribbean in winter. It hosted guests whose names did not appear in tabloids. The crew were professional. The systems, though aging, were maintained according to schedule. The vibration in the port engine was finally addressed. New mounts installed, alignment corrected, dampening restored. The cost $38,000. It should have been done in 1991. But 1991 was a different era, a different owner, a different set of priorities. The new owner was not a billionaire, not a media mogul, not a man who needed a floating office to conduct clandestine negotiations. The new owner was a company, a holding entity, an investment. The yacht was no longer a symbol. It was an asset. And assets, when managed properly, can be profitable. The yacht was chartered, not constantly, but regularly, corporate events, private vacations, weeklong cruises for clients who paid $150,000 to $250,000 per week, depending on the season. The charter income did not cover the operating costs, but it offset them. In 1994, the yacht generated $680,000 in charter revenue. Operating costs were $3.2 million. The shortfall was covered by the holding company, which wrote it off as a business expense. This is how super yachts survive. Not through profitability, but through strategic losses that benefit someone in ways that are rarely transparent. The yacht no longer made headlines. It no longer hosted prime ministers or arms dealers or journalists chasing stories. It simply existed. and existence for a machine is enough. In 1998, the yacht underwent its first major refit since commissioning. Not because it was falling apart, but because tastes had changed. Technology had advanced. What had been luxurious in 1987 was merely adequate in 1998. The refit took place in a yard in Genoa. The yacht was hauled out of the water, placed on blocks, and disassembled piece by piece. The hull was inspected. Ultrasonic sensors measured the thickness of the steel, looking for corrosion, for weak points, for areas where salt water had done its work. There were thin spots, not critical, not dangerous, but present. Steel does not rust from the outside only. It rusts from the inside, too. In the BGES where seaater collects, in the ballast tanks where water is held for weeks at a time. In the voids between compartments where moisture condenses and has nowhere to go. The thin spots were ground out, patched, and painted. The build were cleaned and recotated with epoxy. The ballast tanks were drained, inspected, and treated with corrosion inhibitors. The engines were overhauled, pistons replaced, bearings inspected, fuel injectors cleaned, turbochargers rebuilt, the generators were serviced, windings tested, cooling systems flushed, exhaust systems replaced, the interior was updated, not radically, but noticeably. The master suite was reconfigured. The galley equipment was upgraded. The entertainment systems once cutting edge were replaced with newer technology. Flat screen televisions, satellite communication systems, GPS navigation integrated with digital chart plotters. The refit took 8 months. The cost $4.8 million. When the yacht returned to the water, it looked like a new vessel. But it was not new. It was the same steel, the same engines, the same bones, just dressed differently because a yacht, like a man, can be refurbished. But it cannot be remade. The crew who worked the yacht in the late 1990s and early 2000s, did not know its history. They knew the name had been changed. They knew the yacht was older. They could tell from the way the hull flexed in heavy seas, from the way the engine sounded at certain RPMs that it had been built in a different era with different standards. But they did not know about Maxwell. They did not know about the fraud, the drowning, the caretaker months in Tenneref. They knew only the machine. And the machine by then had its own personality. The port engine ran slightly hotter than the starboard. always had, always would. The engineers learned to expect it. They monitored it. They adjusted cooling flow. They logged temperatures. It was not a problem. It was a characteristic. The galley refrigerator made a clicking sound every 47 minutes. Not a malfunction, just a relay, cycling as designed. But the sound was distinct. The stewardess's learned to ignore it. Guests never heard it. The teak decks had been replaced twice, but the underlying structure, the steel beams that supported the teak, was original. And in certain light, you could see where the beams had been welded during construction. The welds were smooth, professional, invisible to most people, but a trained eye could see them, could trace the seams, could understand the order in which the yacht had been assembled, frame by frame, plate by plate, 20 years earlier. History does not live in names. It lives in welds. In 2007, the yacht was sold again. this time to an individual, a technology entrepreneur, someone who had earned their wealth recently, who wanted a yacht but did not need the baggage of a famous one. The price $18 million. The yacht had appreciated, not because it had improved, but because the market had changed. Super yachts had become more common, more accepted, more desirable. The new owner kept the name Lady G. It meant nothing to him. It was just a name. He used the yacht sparingly, three weeks per year. He kept a permanent crew. He maintained it meticulously. He followed every recommendation, met every inspection deadline, paid every invoice on time. Under his ownership, the yacht thrived. The engines were overhauled again in 2010. The interior was refreshed in 2012. The navigation systems were upgraded in 2015. By 2016, nearly every component had been replaced at least once. The hole was original. The superructure was original. But the engines, the generators, the plumbing, the wiring, the furnishings, all had been renewed. This is the ship of Thesius problem applied to steel and saltwater. If every part of a yacht is replaced, is it still the same yacht? Legally, yes. The hull identification number remains. The registry remains, the history remains. But practically the machine has no memory. It only has function. And function maintained properly endures. In 2019, the original crew, the men and women who had worked aboard during Maxwell's era, began to age out of the industry. Some retired. Some moved to shorebased jobs. Some died. Harris, the chief engineer, passed away in 2018. He was 71. He had spent 40 years at sea on vessels large and small in waters calm and violent. His personal logs, the records he had kept during the caretaker months were found among his effects. His family did not know what to do with them. They were technical documents, maintenance records, notes about engines and generators, and vibration dampening. They were donated to a maritime museum in Scotland, filed in an archive, available to researchers, though no one has yet requested them because the story of the Lady Gain for most people ended in 1991. The rest is just machinery. But machinery has its own story. It is a story told in hours, in gallons, in welds and rust and paint. It is a story that does not care about headlines, about scandals, about the men who drown. It is a story about systems that must be fed, maintained, and respected regardless of who owns them. The yacht still sails. As of 2024, it is 37 years old. Old by super yacht standards, but not ancient, not decrepit. It has been refitted four times. It has crossed the Atlantic nine times. It has consumed approximately 2.4 million gallons of fuel. It has been crewed by over 200 people. It has hosted thousands of guests, most of whom never learned its history. The current owner, identity undisclosed as always, uses it 3 months per year. The rest of the time it is docked in Palma Majora, maintained by a skeleton crew. The operating costs adjusted for inflation are now approximately $5.8 million per year. The crew are paid well. The maintenance is rigorous. The systems are monitored constantly. The vibration that Harris noted in 1991 has long since been corrected. The hull has been recotated. The engines have been replaced with newer models, more efficient, quieter, cleaner. But the keel is still the original. 40 tons of steel laid in 1986 under protest, welded in the dead of night by men who doubted the design. The keel has never been replaced. It cannot be replaced. To replace a keel is to build a new ship. And so the keel endures, silent, patient, indifferent. It does not remember the man who commissioned it. It does not remember the drowning, the fraud, the scandal. It remembers only the forces it was designed to resist. The weight of the vessel, the pressure of the water, the pull of the sea. There is a ledger that has never been closed. It does not exist in any office. It is not filed with any court. It is not recorded in any archive. It is a ledger of hours, of fuel burned, of salaries paid, of systems maintained. It tallies every dollar spent to keep the machine alive from the day the keel was laid to the present moment. Construction $20 million. Operating costs 1987 to 2024, $187 million. Refits and major repairs, $31 million. Total $238 million. This is the cost of a dream that became a machine. A machine that outlived its dreamer, that survived scandal, neglect, and time. A machine that does not care about legacy, about justice, about the men who built it or the men who betrayed it. It cares only about fuel, about maintenance, about the crew who rise at dawn to check the build, to log the temperatures, to ensure that the generators run smoothly. The sea does not care about your reasons. It does not care about your wealth, your power, your desperation. It cares only whether your hull is sound, whether your engines are running, whether your crew is competent. And if those conditions are met, the sea allows you to float. Not forever. Nothing lasts forever. But for as long as the machine is fed, the Lady Gizlen, now the Lady G, sits in Palma Harbor tonight. The generators hum. The lights glow softly through the port holes. A single deckhand walks the perimeter, checking lines, ensuring the yacht is secure. He does not know about Maxwell. He does not know about Harris. He does not know about the caretaker months, the deferred maintenance, the vibration that once threatened the drivetrain. He knows only the machine as it is now. And the machine as always waits. It waits for the next voyage, the next owner, the next storm. It waits with the patience of steel and the indifference of mathematics. Because this was never a story about a man. It was a story about what happens when men believe they can own the sea. The sea does not care what you name your yacht. It does not care how much you paid for it. It does not care whether you are guilty or innocent, powerful or ruined. It cares only whether you respect the machine. And the machine, cold, precise, unforgiving, remains. The ledger stays open. The generators hum. The steel endures.

- The $5.3 Billion Tobacco Heiress Who Killed Her Interior Designer and Got Away With It: Doris Duke: Kind: captions Language: en There is a woman buried in no grave, scattered in waters off Honolulu by a butler who would be dead himself within 3 years, whose life contained more wealth, more violence, and [music] more betrayal than any novelist would dare put between two covers. She was born in a mansion on East 78th Street in New York City, the only child of a tobacco baron who named his 80-ft yacht after her, took her to business meetings as a toddler, and repeated one instruction until it became the organizing principle of her psychology, trust no one. Her father showed her the bags of mail he had hidden, death threats, ransom demands, letters from strangers who wanted a piece of the Duke fortune, and by the time she was 12, she owned more money than almost anyone on Earth. She stood 6-ft tall, married a fortune hunter, and then a playboy, lost a baby who lived 24 hours, ran over her interior designer with a station wagon at the gates of her Newport estate, and was never charged, adopted a woman she believed was the reincarnation of her dead daughter, and died at 92 lb while a morphine drip climbed to 25 mg per hour, and a butler told the cook she would be dead by morning. In today's episode of Old Money Allure, we trace how Doris Duke inherited $100 million at 12, survived two disastrous marriages and the death of her only child, killed a man, and watched the police close the case in 96 hours, and spent her final months under the total control of an illiterate Irish butler who named himself executor of everything she owned. The $5.3 billion tobacco heiress who killed her interior designer and got away with it, Doris Duke. At the peak of her wealth in the 1960s, Doris Duke was earning approximately $1 million per week [music] in interest alone, a figure that rendered the concept of spending almost meaningless, because no matter how many properties she furnished or how many continents she crossed, the pile grew faster than she could disperse it. Her fortune, built on the back of American tobacco and Carolina hydroelectric stations, had compounded so relentlessly since her father's death in 1925 that by the time she was 53 years old, the money was essentially generating itself without [music] any human intervention. She owned Duke Farms, a 2,700-acre estate in Hillsborough Township, New Jersey, with a 30-room mansion, indoor swimming pool, indoor tennis courts, artificial lakes, and man-made hillocks that her father had sculpted from flat farmland, like a man who refused to accept the geography he had been given. She owned Rough Point, a 49-room English manor on Bellevue Avenue in Newport, Rhode Island, the legendary Millionaire's Row, originally built by the Vanderbilt family, and purchased by her father in 1922 as casually as other men purchased summer cottages. She owned Shangri La, a 4.9-acre compound on Diamond Head in Honolulu that housed what is now recognized as the largest private collection of Islamic art in the world, more than 4,500 objects she had gathered over 57 years of obsessive hands-on collecting, often cleaning the tile murals herself. She owned Falcon's Lair in Beverly Hills, the former home of silent film star Rudolph Valentino, and kept two Bactrian camels named Princess and Baby who summered on the terrace at Rough Point, and wintered in a heated stable at Duke Farms, animals that came bundled with the purchase of a Boeing 737 private jet. For those of you who enjoy stories like this one, we cover them regularly on our free Substack newsletter, where we examine how America's greatest fortunes were built, spent, and sometimes destroyed. Some estimates placed her total wealth at $5.3 [music] billion when all properties and assets were counted, though the officially probated estate at her death would land at 1.2 billion, making her the 18th richest woman in America, barely trailing Estee Lauder. She had grown her father's $100 million inheritance fourfold across seven decades, yet the money was the least interesting thing about her, because the story of Doris Duke is a story about what wealth allows you to do when there is no who will tell you no. But to understand how one woman came to own all of this, you have to go back to a farm in Durham County, North Carolina, where a Confederate prisoner's son figured out how to roll 120,000 cigarettes a day and use that machine to build an empire that the Supreme Court itself would have to tear apart. James Buchanan Duke, known to everyone as Buck, was born on December 23rd, 1856 in Durham County, North Carolina, to a father named Washington Duke, who had survived the Civil War as a Confederate prisoner, and returned home to a farm with nothing but a pile of tobacco leaf. Washington and his sons began producing cigarettes by hand in the 1880s, but it was Buck who saw the future and lunged at it with a ferocity that his competitors found genuinely frightening. He licensed the Bonsack cigarette machine, a device capable of rolling 120,000 cigarettes per day compared to 3,000 by hand, and used it to flood the American market with [music] cheap branded product at a pace no competitor could match. In 1890, he consolidated his business with four rivals to form the American Tobacco Company, an early trust that would control 80% of all tobacco production in the United States within a single decade. The Supreme Court broke up American Tobacco in 1911 under the Sherman Antitrust Act, but by that point Buck Duke had already pivoted to his second empire, hydroelectric stations along Carolina rivers, built through his Southern Power Company, later renamed Duke Energy, investing $25 million in water power over 5 years to electrify the textile mills, transforming the New South. By 1916, his personal fortune was estimated at $150 million, >> [music] >> and the combined Duke family net worth approached $500 million. On December 11th, 1924, Buck created the Duke Endowment, placing securities worth $40 million into a perpetual charitable trust whose largest share went to Trinity College in Durham, North Carolina, with one stipulation, that Trinity change its name to Duke University. Trinity's board voted that very day, >> and a small Southern college became a university bearing the name of the man who wrote the check. 10 months later, on October 10th, 1925, 44 days before his daughter's 13th birthday, James Buchanan Duke died of pneumonia at 68, >> adding $67 million to the Duke Endowment in his will, and leaving virtually everything else to a 12-year-old girl the press had been calling the million-dollar baby since the day she was born. The fortune he bequeathed, estimated between $60 million and $100 million, with the most commonly cited figure at $100 million, would be held in trust with installments at 18, 21, and 22. But the first thing Doris did when she accessed the principal at 21 was establish a charitable foundation called Independent Aid, which would become the Doris Duke Charitable Foundation. The press dubbed her the richest girl in the world, and the label stuck for life. But the instruction her father left behind, that she trust no one, was about to be tested by the person who was supposed to protect her. Nanaline Inman Duke was a stingy, socially ambitious Southern belle from Atlanta, who had married the cotton broker William Patterson Inman, been widowed, and then married Buck Duke in 1907 at the age of 42, a union that produced one child she had never expected and a fortune she was not allowed to touch. Buck Duke's will left Nanaline only a modest trust fund while directing the bulk of his estate to 12-year-old Doris, and the resentment that decision created was permanent, visible, and corrosive. Nanaline had always favored her son from her first marriage, Walker Inman, over Doris, and the disparity in the will turned a maternal preference into something closer to open hostility directed at the child who had everything Nanaline wanted and could not reach. She controlled the social presentation of her daughter, managing the European tours, the wardrobe, the debutante season, the careful image of the world's richest girl, but she could not control the money, and the money was what mattered. When Doris was only 14 years old, she had to sue her own mother in court to stop Nanaline from selling Duke Farms, the New Jersey estate that Buck Duke had built from scratch and loved more than any other property he owned. Doris won the lawsuit, and the court clarified that Duke Farms, the 78th Street mansion, and Rough [music] Point all belonged to Doris directly, a legal victory that taught a 14-year-old girl a lesson most people spend decades learning, that family loyalty and financial self-interest rarely survive contact with each other when there is real money at stake. Nanaline then blocked Doris from attending college, instead dragging her daughter across Europe and pushing her into the society circuit that Nanaline herself worshipped with a capital S, determined to mold the tall, shy, bookish girl into the debutante that New York expected. Ron Protas, artistic director of the Martha Graham Dance Company and a close friend of Doris in later years, recalled a dinner at which she told him something that explained her entire adult life. "You know, my father always said no one would ever love me except for my money and to be very careful." That warning, planted by her father, reinforced by her mother's avarice, confirmed by every fortune hunter who would follow, became both her greatest protection and her deepest wound. Nanaline died in April 1962, leaving Doris her jewelry, a fur coat, and $250 million. The accumulated wealth of a woman who had lived frugally off a trust fund for nearly four decades while resenting every single dollar her daughter possessed. And just as Doris was learning how little she could trust her own mother, the press was busy manufacturing a comparison that would follow her for the rest of her life, pairing her with another heiress born eight days earlier in the same city, as if American wealth produced its daughters in matched sets. The press had a nickname for them, the Gold Dust Twins, a term borrowed from a brand of laundry powder. And the parallel between the two girls was so precise that [music] the newspapers treated them as a controlled experiment in what American money could do to American daughters. Barbara Hutton was born on November 14th, 1912, eight days before Doris Duke in New York City, the granddaughter of Frank Woolworth, founder of the five-and-dime empire, and the inheritor of a $28 million fortune she would not control until 21. Barbara's mother had committed suicide when Barbara was 4 years old. The child discovered the body in the family hotel suite, and her father, Franklin Hutton, largely abandoned her to relatives thereafter, producing a girl whose relationship to money would be shaped entirely by grief and the absence of anyone who loved her without conditions. The press rendered its verdict with characteristic economy, "Doris is the richest, Barbara is the prettiest." And the two girls were photographed, compared, and cataloged as if they were racing each other toward some finish line that neither of them had agreed to run toward. Both made their debutante debuts in 1930 at the very start of the Great Depression, and both were savaged in newspapers for spending between $60,000 and $80,000 on a single party while millions of Americans stood in breadlines and waited for work that did not exist. Doris held her ball at Rough Point in Newport with 600 guests. Barbara's was at the Ritz-Carlton in New York with approximately 100, and neither girl seemed to understand, or perhaps [music] simply could not afford to acknowledge, that the country's patience with inherited wealth was wearing thin. Before her debutante ball, Doris had made her formal society debut in London in 1930, appearing before King George V and Queen Mary at Buckingham Palace, standing 6 ft tall and possessed of a fortune that few men in England could rival. They turned 21 in 1933, when Barbara's estimated fortune stood at $50 million and Doris's at $70 million, and both became immediate targets for every fortune hunter with a dinner jacket and a rehearsed expression of devotion. Errol Flynn, a guest at Doris's home, once pointed at one of her chandeliers and asked, "What are you doing with one of Barbara's earrings?" The friendship between the two heiresses was genuine in their youth, but would curdle into fierce rivalry over the decades, >> deepening measurably when both women fell for the same spectacularly inappropriate man, and the contrast between their financial fates would become the most devastating scoreboard in the history of American wealth. But before Doris met that man, she would first have to survive the one she married at 22, a stepson of Philadelphia high society who was 16 years her senior, and who told reporters their union was love at first sight while privately calculating exactly what her fortune meant for his political career. James Henry Roberts Cromwell was the stepson of Philadelphia financier Edward T. Stotesbury and his wife, Eva, a divorced socialite playboy with political ambitions and a family fortune that had largely evaporated by the time he met Doris Duke at a social function in 1929. He pursued her with the determination of a man who understood precisely what her money could do for his aspirations, and by 1935, with the Depression grinding on, the courtship [music] produced a proposal Doris accepted. They married on February 13th, 1935. She was 22, [music] he was 38, and the headlines called her the richest girl in the world as they departed on the Italian liner Conte di Savoia for what became an eight-month round-the-world honeymoon that would permanently reshape the trajectory of Doris Duke's life. Doris gave Cromwell a monthly allowance of $10,000, equivalent to roughly $125,000 today, and used the honeymoon to pursue her own obsessions. She traveled through North Africa, the Middle East, and South Asia, falling in love with Islamic art and architecture, and in Honolulu, she fell in love with Hawaii itself, immediately spending $100,000 on a 4.9 acre site at Kauai to begin building Shangri-La. Cromwell parlayed their political connections, the couple had actively supported Franklin Roosevelt and the New Deal, into an appointment as United States Ambassador to Canada in 1939, but he resigned the ambassadorship to run for the United States Senate from New Jersey in 1940 and lost the race badly. He blamed Doris and specifically her indiscreet affairs for his political humiliation, a charge that was probably fair, as Doris had been romantically involved with multiple men throughout the marriage, including British Member of Parliament Alec Cunningham-Reid. Their daughter, Arden, was born prematurely on July 11th, 1940 in Honolulu, and she lived exactly 24 hours, dying July 12th and taking with her any possibility that Doris Duke would ever be a mother because doctors told her she would likely never conceive again. The biological father was likely Cunningham-Reid rather than Cromwell, though the grief transcended questions of paternity. Doris reportedly walked into the ocean after leaving the hospital, not caring whether she lived or died, until Duke Kahanamoku, the Olympic swimmer and father of modern surfing, >> with whom she was also romantically involved, swam after her and brought her back to shore. The divorce was finalized in Reno on December 21st, 1943 on grounds of cruelty, and the settlement paid Cromwell $250,000 for eight years of marriage, a transaction that confirmed what Doris had suspected since the beginning. Doris had survived her first fortune hunter, buried the only child she would ever have, and concluded that marriage for a woman of her wealth was less a partnership than a financial negotiation conducted under the pretense of love, a conclusion her second husband would validate in 13 months flat. Porfirio Rubirosa was, by any objective standard, one of the most spectacularly inappropriate men an heiress could have married, a Dominican diplomat and sports car driver with the physique of an athlete, the morals of a corsair, and the particular talent of making wealthy women feel as though their money was the least interesting thing about them. He was the former son-in-law of Dominican dictator Rafael Trujillo through his first marriage to Trujillo's daughter, Flor de Oro, and he had used that connection to obtain diplomatic postings across Europe while simultaneously working as one of Trujillo's political enforcers, widely rumored to have participated in political assassinations on behalf of the regime. Doris first encountered Rubirosa in Rome in 1945 or '46 >> while working as a foreign correspondent for the International News Service, when she interviewed his second wife, French actress Danielle Darrieux, at a hotel with Rubirosa standing in the room, and the attraction apparently was instantaneous and mutual. In a move that should have telegraphed everything about the nature of what followed, Doris Duke allegedly paid Danielle Darrieux $1 million to agree to an uncontested divorce from Rubirosa, essentially purchasing a husband the way other women purchased jewelry, except that jewelry holds its value. They married on September 1st, 1947 at the Dominican Embassy in Paris, Doris, standing nearly 3 in taller than her new husband, wearing a green Dior suit with matching velvet hat, and just before the ceremony, her team of lawyers appeared with a prenuptial agreement that would prove crucial in limiting the eventual cost of this particular mistake. The marriage was doomed from day one. Duke expected total fidelity, and Rubirosa expected total freedom. The final straw came when Duke caught Rubirosa in the act on the island of Capri with his former wife, Flor de Oro, and Ruby later described the aftermath with the precision of a man who had been through this before. "There was a new lunch guest. By his looks and his briefcase, he immediately revealed his identity, an attorney. Three minutes later, we signed an agreement." The marriage lasted under 13 months, and the settlement, constrained by that prescient pre-nup, included a 17th century Paris house, a converted B-25 bomber aircraft, a stable of polo ponies, several sports cars, and $25,000 per year in alimony until he remarried. In 1953, Barbara Hutton married Rubirosa and spent an estimated $66,000 per day on him during a 53-day marriage, gifting him a coffee plantation in the Dominican Republic, 40 suits, eight polo ponies, an airplane, and $2.5 million in cash before he complained publicly that she stayed in bed and reads all day. Two heiresses, the same husband, and two very different invoices. But it was only after Doris had disposed of Rubirosa that she found the man whose departure from her life would cost far more than money. Eduardo Tirella was, by the mid-1960s, one of the more quietly extraordinary men in American design, a decorated World War II veteran who had earned the Bronze Star for valor at the Battle of the Bulge, managed the millinery department at Saks Fifth Avenue after the war, and transitioned into interior design that included refurbishing the homes of the elite, among them Peggy Lee's residence and Elizabeth Taylor's beach house for the film The Sandpiper. He was openly gay with a long-term partner named Edmund Cara, and he had been working for Doris Duke for approximately a decade by 1966, serving as her chief art curator, interior designer, and general aesthetic conscience for her properties in New Jersey, Newport, Honolulu, and Beverly Hills. He earned $43,000 a year, approximately 351,000 in today's money, and guided Duke in acquiring artworks worth millions. But by late 1966, Tirella's Hollywood career was catching fire. He had completed advisory work on the film Don't Make Waves starring Tony Curtis. His set design was being noticed, and Sharon Tate was among the actors associated with his projects. He made a decision that everyone who knew Doris Duke warned him to reconsider. He would leave her employ and move back to Los Angeles permanently. The maxim circulating among her staff was blunt. Nobody left Doris Duke without consequences. On October 6th, 1966, Eduardo Tirella flew to Newport, Rhode Island, where Duke met him at the airport, and they drove together to Rough Point, her sprawling estate on Bellevue Avenue, where his plan was to collect his belongings, accompany Duke on a brief errand to a local antique dealer, then depart for his family home in New Jersey before continuing to California. The following afternoon, October 7th, 1966, at approximately 5:00, a fierce argument erupted between Tirella and Duke, overheard by estate staff, before the two got into a rented Dodge Polara station wagon with Tirella at the wheel and Duke in the passenger seat. As the car approached Rough Point's massive wrought-iron gates, Tirella stopped, got out, and walked to the gates to unlock and open them manually, a routine procedure he had performed dozens of times. According to Doris Duke's account, given to police two days later, she slid across to the driver's seat, her foot hit the gas instead of the brake, and the car suddenly leapt forward through the gates and across Bellevue Avenue. Eduardo Tirella, 42 years old, a Bronze Star recipient, an artist whose independent career was finally about to begin, was beneath the car, his spinal cord, lungs, and brain destroyed, dead before the ambulance arrived. The vehicle so heavy that ambulance lifts could not raise it, and a tow truck was required to extract his body. Sergeant Fred Newton, the Newport Police Department's chief accident investigator, reconstructed the events at the scene and identified six discrete actions that contradicted Doris Duke's version. Six actions that, taken together, described something far more deliberate than a woman accidentally pressing the wrong pedal. The Dodge Polara's parking brake could only be disengaged by hand, not by foot, making Duke's story of accidentally releasing it a physical impossibility. Evidence showed the vehicle struck Tirella once and sent him up onto the hood of the car, and when he fell off, the car accelerated again and ran over him. A sequence that required a second deliberate application of the accelerator, not a single panicked mistake that any driver might have made. The car ended up crashing into a fence and tree across Bellevue Avenue at significant speed, >> not the trajectory of a vehicle gently rolling forward through a gate, but of one driven hard across a public road. Bob Walker, a 13-year-old newspaper delivery boy on his bicycle that afternoon, heard the sequence before he saw it. Two people arguing and screaming, the roar of a motor, the crash, a man screaming, [music] a pause, the motor roaring again, the man's scream turning to a howl of pure horror, and then a second crash. Walker arrived on the scene and later described seeing Doris Duke get out of the station wagon and move her body to deliberately block his view of what was beneath the car. And when he asked if she needed help and offered [music] to call the police, she screamed at him to leave. His father warned him to stay silent saying that Duke was a rotten person who had some people on her payroll who were very unscrupulous. And Bob Walker spent 55 years keeping that secret. Newport Police Chief Joseph A. Radice ran what investigators and journalists would later describe as a deliberately minimal investigation. Duke was interviewed two days after the killing in her bedroom at Rough Point, where she reclined in bed flanked by two German Shepherds, accompanied by her New York attorney and her business manager. On October 11th, 96 hours after the killing, >> Chief Radice closed the case as accidental without an inquest, relying solely on Duke's account, and a fabricated three-page transcript of a second interrogation written up after the fact by Duke's own lawyers, so carelessly executed that it misstated her birth date, and she had to correct and initial the error by hand. Peter Lance, the investigative journalist who spent years uncovering the case, later concluded Doris Duke conspired with the Newport Police Department to get herself out of criminal charges. Radice retired 7 months later after 27 years on the force at an annual salary of $7,000, and subsequently purchased two condominiums in Florida, a real estate upgrade that his salary alone could not explain. The wrongful death lawsuit filed by Eduardo Tirella's family went to trial in Providence, Rhode Island, approximately 5 years after the killing, and what happened in that courtroom was, by the account of everyone who knew Tirella, a second and more calculated act of destruction. Duke was found negligent in Tirella's death, but her attorney used the damage phase of the trial to systematically portray Tirella as a professional failure, demolishing the reputation of a decorated war hero, Bronze Star recipient, and accomplished designer whose only mistake had been deciding he wanted to build something of his own. Tirella's friend, the [music] artist Polo Zanai, who had watched the defense attorneys reduce a dead man's life to a catalog of alleged inadequacies, described the courtroom strategy as the worst kind of character assassination. The final verdict awarded each of Tirella's five sisters and three brothers $5,620 after legal fees and expenses, a total judgment of approximately $75,000 for the life of a man killed by a woman who was, at that very moment, earning approximately $1 million per week in interest on her fortune. Tirella's niece, Donna Lomax, later crystallized the family's experience in a sentence that captures the full scope of what Doris Duke did. She killed him twice. She destroyed his body, and then she obliterated his memory. Duke had refused to settle with the family who had proposed accepting as little as $200,000 in damages, a fraction of what Duke spent in a single week on art. And she later spent more than $102,000 at a single antique auction buying a highboy, which meant she paid more for a piece of furniture than she paid for the life of the man she killed. Eight days after Tirella's death, Duke donated $25,000 to restore Newport's famous Cliff Walk and $10,000 to Newport Hospital, the very hospital that had received Tirella's body. In November 1968, 2 years after the killing, she established the Newport Restoration Foundation, a nonprofit that went on to restore 84 colonial era structures in the city, transforming Newport into the tourist destination it remains today, and generating the kind of civic goodwill that makes it very difficult for a municipality to reopen questions about a benefactor who happens to have killed somebody. Denise Clement, the daughter of Police Chief Radice's secretary, told investigator Peter Lance that her mother had always called the restoration donations by the name that certain Newport circles used openly, blood money. And so Doris Duke walked free, wealthier than before, her philanthropy purchasing a silence that would last more than half a century. Until a new vulnerability arrived in her life wearing the face of a woman she believed she had lost 48 years earlier in a Honolulu hospital room. Charlene Chandi Gail Hefner was born in 1953 in Baltimore, Maryland. A former Hare Krishna devotee from a middle-class family with no connection to wealth or celebrity whose sister Claudia would later marry billionaire investor Nelson Peltz. A family connection that would become legally significant in ways that nobody foresaw when Hefner first appeared in Doris Duke's orbit. Hefner met Duke in Hawaii in 1984 or 85 through an intermediary associated with Middle Eastern dance and the emotional foundation of their relationship was built on the most devastating belief a grieving mother could hold. Doris Duke came to believe that Chandi Hefner was the reincarnation of her daughter Arden, the baby who had lived 24 hours in Honolulu in 1940. Hefner was roughly the age Arden would have been and Duke allowed the coincidence to become a conviction. Hefner moved to Duke Farms in early 1985, traveled the world with Doris, ran her households, assumed an increasing role in every aspect of Duke's domestic life, and gradually became the closest person in the heiress's world. On November 5th, at the Somerset County Courthouse in Somerville, New Jersey, 75-year-old Doris Duke formally adopted 35-year-old Chandi Hefner, a legal act in which Hefner renounced her natural parents, >> certified that she was not consenting for financial reasons, and changed her surname to Chandi Duke Hefner, creating rights of inheritance that potentially gave her access to the trusts established by James Buchanan Duke himself. The relationship deteriorated within 2 years. Duke's cook, Colin Shanley, quit in 1989 claiming Hefner was feeding Duke pizza crusts on a deliberately minimal vegetarian regime and staff reported that Duke's physical condition was declining under Hefner's daily management. Duke began telling people her food was being poisoned and that someone was drugging her. In December 1991, a physician named Dr. Ortega examined Duke and recorded claims that Hefner had been injecting Duke with heparin, an anticoagulant, >> and that tests of Duke's sherry at Shangri-La had found traces of warfarin, a blood thinning drug also commonly used as rat poison. These allegations were never conclusively proven, but Duke ordered Hefner and her boyfriend, James Burns, out of Shangri-La in February 1991. And in her final will, she wrote, "After giving the matter prolonged and serious consideration, I am convinced that I should not have adopted Chandi Hefner. I have come to the realization that her primary motive was financial gain." After Duke's death, the estate settled with Hefner for $65 million, equivalent to $127 million in today's money, making the woman Duke had tried to disinherit the single largest financial beneficiary of the estate outside the charitable foundation. And proving that the adoption meant to bring back a dead child had instead created a living claimant who walked away with more money than Tirella's siblings received by a factor of more than 11,000. In November 1988, the same month she adopted Chandi Hefner, Doris Duke made a second decision that illuminated just how far her judgment had drifted from anything resembling conventional caution and how thoroughly she had come to inhabit a world where loyalty operated on its own private currency. Imelda Marcos, the former first lady of the Philippines, had been indicted in New York on federal racketeering charges for allegedly looting the Philippine treasury of hundreds of millions of dollars. And she needed $5 million in bail to avoid detention and return to Hawaii to care for her ailing husband Ferdinand, who was deteriorating rapidly in their Honolulu exile after the Marcos family was ousted from the Philippines in 1986. The Marcoses had been living in Hawaii as neighbors of Duke, who maintained Shangri-La there, and the two women had become close friends, a bond rooted in their shared experience as women whose wealth had become inseparable from their identities. Doris Duke pledged $5 million in municipal bonds to secure the bail. And Imelda traveled to New York aboard Duke's private jet with an entourage of more than 20 people, an image that, had it been published, would have served as a fairly complete portrait of how wealth relates to accountability in the American legal system. Duke's lawyer told the court, "Ms. Duke is happy to help her friend, Mrs. Marcos, and this court." Judge Keenan granted Imelda permission to travel to New Jersey and Newport to visit Duke's residences before returning to Hawaii, a judicial courtesy that suggested the court understood exactly whose money was guaranteeing the defendant's appearance. On March 6th, 1990, Duke formally issued a demand note for repayment of the $5 plus accrued interest, but the money never came back and no one in Doris Duke's employ ever succeeded in collecting it. Imelda Marcos was acquitted of all charges in New York in July 1990 and returned to Manila in November 1991, leaving behind a debt that Duke's [music] final will addressed with explicit instructions that her executors make reasonable arrangements for repayment when Mrs. Marcos and the Philippines government settle their financial dispute. That settlement has still not occurred and the $5 million with decades of accrued interest has more than doubled and remains uncollected, one of the stranger outstanding debts in the history of American philanthropy and one of the stranger line items in the ledger of a woman who fought the Tirella family over $200,000 but handed Imelda Marcos $5 million on nothing more than a handshake. And while Doris Duke was posting bail for the wives of dictators and adopting strangers she believed were reincarnated infants, a quiet, charming, functionally illiterate Irish butler was methodically positioning himself as the last person standing between the richest woman in America and the rest of the world. Bernard Lafferty was born on April 14th, in Creevy County Donegal, Ireland, one of the most remote corners of Western Ireland. The only child of Edward Lafferty and Angela McCalliog, parents who would both be dead before their son turned 21. His father died in September 1964. His mother was killed by a motorcycle the following August, leaving Bernard Lafferty orphaned at 20 years old in a part of Ireland where orphanhood meant genuine economic ruin. He emigrated to the United States around 1980 to live with an aunt in Philadelphia, where he became the maître d' at the Bellevue-Stratford Hotel and cultivated relationships with wealthy guests, including notably Peggy Lee, whom he would later serve as personal assistant for several years, and Elizabeth Taylor. By all accounts, he was charming in a domestic servant manner, attentive, unobtrusive, completely devoted to whoever currently employed him, and possessed of the rare ability to make very wealthy people feel as though his sole purpose on Earth was to anticipate their needs. There was a serious problem beneath the surface. Lafferty was a secret alcoholic who had been fired by Claudia Hefner Peltz, >> Chandi Hefner's sister, married to billionaire Nelson Peltz, due to his drinking. And in July 1987, he [music] had been hospitalized for 2 weeks after a Grand Marnier binge that nearly killed It was Chandi Hefner who introduced Lafferty to Doris Duke as a butler in 1987, a fateful connection that Hefner would live to regret because the man she brought into Duke's household would eventually help engineer her expulsion from it. Duke took to Lafferty immediately. And as her health declined in the early 1990s, the butler's role expanded from domestic service into something far more comprehensive. He traveled with her worldwide, >> became her closest confidant, controlled all access to her, managed her household and her staff, and gradually edged out virtually every other person who might have checked his growing authority. His handwritten notes, later retrieved from his room by a staff member named Ann Bostick, were full of misspellings that spoke to the illiteracy Judge Eve Preminger would cite when she finally removed him. "Nobody but me understood Doris Duke >> and my drinking is not the proper man, it is Hefner." And the chilling observation, "I think Ms. Duke is fading fast." By April 5th, 1993, the date of Duke's final will, Lafferty held sole executorship of the $1.2 billion estate, a $5 million executor's fee, >> $500,000 per year for life as an annuity, unrestricted financial authority, and medical authority over a woman whose staff neurologist had found she could not reliably locate her own elbow. The woman whose father had told her to trust no one had placed her entire fortune, her medical decisions, and her remaining days in the hands of a man who could barely write his own name. And the ending that arrangement produced was exactly the ending you would expect. The final 18 months of Doris Duke's life were a medical catastrophe compounded by systematic exploitation at the hands of the people who were supposed to be caring for her. In April 1992, at age 79, she underwent a facelift along with an eye lift and cheek implants performed by Dr. Harry Glassman, a prominent Beverly Hills plastic surgeon. And 2 days after the surgery, she fell out of bed and broke her hip, beginning a cascade of hospitalizations and surgeries from which she would never meaningfully recover. In January 1993, she had bilateral knee replacement surgery, wanting, she told friends, to be able to dance again, and traveled to Shangri-La in Hawaii to recover, where her cook, Colin Shanley, later stated that Duke did not know where she was or what day it was. She was taking more than 15 psychotropic medications simultaneously, Valium, Haldol, Demerol, Percocet, Ativan, Zoloft, and a cascade of others that at least three doctors stated in affidavits would have significantly impaired her mental function, along with daily wine and laxatives, and a staff neurologist examining her on March 2nd, found she suffered from mild delirium, possibly exacerbated by prescription drugs. It was in this state, confused, heavily medicated, unable to identify basic parts of her own body, that she signed unrestricted financial authority to Bernard Lafferty on March 8th, 1993, and signed the final will naming him sole executor on April 5th, while still lying in a hospital bed at Cedars-Sinai. In July, she underwent a second knee surgery, suffered a severe stroke the day after returning home, and spent nearly 2 months in intensive care on breathing and feeding tubes. She was discharged on September 20th to Falcon's Lair in Beverly Hills, where her bedroom had been converted into a hospital room with two round-the-clock nurses, intravenous lines, and rehabilitation equipment she would never use. By this point, she had been hospitalized nine times in Los Angeles in 1992 and 1993, and she weighed approximately 92 lb, a skeletal figure for a woman who stood 5 ft 11 in tall. On October 7th, 1993, by grim coincidence, the 27th anniversary of Eduardo Tirella's death at her gates, Doris Duke told her doctor, Charles Kivowitz, that she did not want to go on living if her health could not improve, and Kivowitz ordered no code blue, meaning no emergency resuscitation if she stopped breathing. On October 26th, he stopped her feedings and oxygen entirely. On October 27th, a package of medication arrived at the house, and when it appeared in the kitchen, Lafferty grabbed it from the cook and announced, "Miss Duke is going to die tonight." That same day, Lafferty authorized a $500,000 gift to Dr. Glassman and a $56,582.92 gift to himself for credit card bills, and Glassman phoned Pierce Brothers Mortuary to arrange for a hearse to be dispatched, a full day before Doris Duke drew her last breath. Teen. At 4:00 in the afternoon on October 27th, 1993, Dr. Charles Kivowitz ordered a morphine drip beginning at 5 mg per hour, with instructions to increase 1 mg per hour as needed for what he described as pain management and comfort care. By 6:30 that evening, the drip had climbed to 10 mg per hour. By 7:30, it reached 15 mg per hour, and that evening, Kivowitz allegedly pushed an additional 10 mg injection directly into the line before leaving the house for the night. A bolus dose that, combined with the continuous drip, was delivering morphine at a rate that would suppress the respiratory function of a healthy person, let alone an 80-year-old woman weighing 92 lb. Nurse Tammy Payette, who was present during those final hours, later alleged in sworn affidavits that Lafferty and co-executor Mr. Doyle asked Kivowitz, "How long to die?" and Kivowitz replied with clinical economy, "Less than 1 hour." At 4:00 in the morning on October 28th, the morphine was increased to 25 mg per hour by phone order attributed to Kivowitz. At 5:15, nurses administered a 100 mg Demerol injection ordered by phone by Dr. Glassman at the request of Kivowitz, a secondary narcotic layered on top of the escalating morphine in a manner that multiple medical experts would later describe as inconsistent with standard palliative protocol. At 5:48 in the morning on October 28th, 1993, Doris Duke stopped breathing, and Kivowitz's partner signed the death certificate listing the cause as progressive pulmonary edema resulting in cardiac arrest, a technically accurate description that said nothing about what had caused the edema or why a morphine drip had quadrupled in 13 hours. Lafferty and Doyle were at her bedside, and there was no family present at the death, no friends, no relatives, no one who had known Doris Duke before the butler and the lawyers arrived. Her body was cremated at 4:17 in the morning on October 29th, less than 24 hours after death, and Payette described the entire sequence in a single word that captured the horror of what she believed she had witnessed, Kevorkian. The Koo report prepared by Richard H. Koo, a former Manhattan prosecutor appointed by the court to investigate the estate, concluded that Dr. Kivowitz had purposely cut Duke's nutrition and hastened her death with a morphine overdose, and the Los Angeles Police Department opened an inquiry in January 1995. But Payette's credibility was damaged when she was convicted of grand theft for stealing jewelry from other employers, and no criminal charges were ever filed against Kivowitz, Glassman, or Lafferty in connection with the death of Doris Duke. Lafferty sent the cook to the Louis Vuitton shop on Rodeo Drive to buy an $1,800 makeup case for the ashes, then flew the case to Duke Farms aboard a $25 million Boeing 737, placing it in the seat where Doris had always sat. A final gesture of devotion from a man who was already calculating what the estate owed him. The probate of Doris Duke's $1.2 billion estate became what was described at the time as the largest and most contested will battle in New York history, and at its center stood Bernard Lafferty, newly installed as sole executor, conducting himself as if the money were his own. He spent $60,000 on Giorgio Armani clothing, 25,000 on gold and cubic zirconia jewelry, purchased a $54,000 Cadillac while Duke was still in the hospital, bought a $2.5 million mansion in Bel Air, spent $60,000 redecorating Duke's old bedroom at Falcon's Lair for his personal use, and borrowed $825,000 from US Trust, the co-executor bank, at zero interest. He allegedly crashed the Cadillac into the Whisky a Go Go nightclub and checked himself into Cedars-Sinai under the false name John Mason for a drinking binge that cost $2,200 in cash. On May 22nd, 1995, Manhattan Surrogate Court Judge Eve Preminger, citing Lafferty's alcoholism, substance abuse, illiteracy, wasting of estate assets, and what she called his cavalier attitude to money, ordered his immediate removal as chief executor. US Trust was removed alongside him for the conflict of interest created by the interest-free loan. The estate paid over $10 million in legal fees, and the law firm that had drafted Duke's final will, Katten Muchin and Zavis, billed the estate $13.5 million by March of 1995 alone, meaning that the lawyers who had helped Lafferty secure his position extracted more money from the estate than Lafferty himself. Bernard Lafferty died on November 4th,

  Top Comments:
  1. @OldMoneyAllure [17 likes]: COMMENT: Six actions by Doris contradicted her story — and the Newport police closed the case in 96 hours. Accident or murder?

Gain FREE access to secret full-length documentaries on wealthy families "too scandalous for YouTube" by joining our newsletter: https://www.substack.com/@oldmoneyluxury
  2. @ellamaeloftus3493 [8 likes]: Loneliness does things that is out of character. How would wealthy person know how the rest of society was struggling if not subjected to the poverty?
  3. @Rodney-sj1nn [4 likes]: Just the look on her face tells you how miserable she lived money does not mean anything if you are not blessed enough to have multiple  reasons to smile.
  4. @abejohnson843 [2 likes]: This AI voice is the most posh voice I have heard in a while. Sort of like Helen Mirren but even more accented
  5. @KaylaLiebeck-p2h [1 likes]: I read this story. Gmod tobacco. Add so many nasty chemicals ! True. Fiberglass filters. Rhode Island mansions. Gorgeous. In its original organic form. No filter. It’s not so addictive. True. When Covid hit. Nightshade vegies helped. A low nicotine patch helped. Gmod snakes. Asian. India. Covid. Gmod. Bioweapon. Poor dukes. Went crazy. Knowing cigarettes. Killed so many. Sad story. Many wealthy do have tragedies. My great great grandfather. Earlier too. Was an original agricultural leader. Long before John Deere. Morgan’s. They didn’t yet have roundup. Soy beans. Masseys. International parts. Old vehicles. Grains. Tobacco grown in many states. Great Depression days. Sad. Really treated blacks badly. Wouldn’t give them food stamps. Whites had little too. In many states. Made blacks pick cotton. Florida then had the most food stamps. 27% of food stamps given there. Not to blacks.
  6. @LizCosgrove-dd7gp [1 likes]: Welll we're all betrayed in life so shes no different there. We're all cheated on at some stage too no matter how well things start out.
We all get betrayed. 
She didn't listen to her father's excellent advice.  Trust nobody. 
Unfortunately she learn that lesson the hardway throughout her life.
  7. @sharofathalmuratova2142 [1 likes]: Prohibited money destroys family and lives at the end. Haram is haram
  8. @checkeredflagfilms: In America, mega bucks and impunity seem to go hand in hand.
  9. @HealingSpirit-y2o: Yup I remember Doris Duke and the day s(HE d!ed it was all over the news 👇🙄💯😈
  10. @HealingSpirit-y2o: I remember hearing about Doris Duke's Shangri La 🤔💯
  11. @HealingSpirit-y2o: I believe it was a Lifetime movie 🎥 I saw about Doris Duke yes that's when I heard about he(r I believe 🤔 💯
  12. @HealingSpirit-y2o: Hydroelectric stations huh 🤔 interesting 💯
  13. @HealingSpirit-y2o: s(HE just like all elite families are inverted btw 🙄💯😈
  14. @tamraanne4066: What a horrible way to have wealth. Tobacco.
  15. @mariajason3547: Why didnt she write A WILL ?
How stupid was she when her Dad told her everything
  16. @wendyzakariasen7235: Would be much better without the irritating background music. It adds nothing to the narrative except to make it impossible for those of us with misophonia to continue listening
  17. @rdlewis3616: Billionaires should not exist
  18. @WarrenHodges-w9m: Can’t. Understand spanish
  19. @Snightdark: Broken hip surgeries are fatal from anybody I’ve known. It causes other complications like heart attacks.
  20. @FnCArtbyTyeWilson: Well, lives are stories arent they? The money is fascinating. I like the presentation , love the eloquent verbage. A manner of speaking, seems lost. But I do tire, of the judgement. And reference to how money was theirs, was spent.  It is their money. And when it is spent it goes into an economy. Needs it. I believe most americans wealthy or not, are really very generous. I believe an   effort should  be made among us, being the giving sort, to give ourselves and those around us permission to enjoy our lives their lives, and appreciate our previous donors in america that contributed in their lives- 
Making ours today ? Rich in history, whether or not, we ever attain what is truly admirable , remarkable? I propose we stop the combination of success married to tragedy! American money! 
Those make it! Dont you have enough history? And pay attention african ? Americans! Native americans! Asian americans! Latin ect...can i just call you americans?! The hard lessons learned , are white lives american! You should take note, rather than , repeat tragic stories already played out! Why not ? Be the example realizing america and americans are targets! Equal. Especially if yours is a place here already coveted , 
Has money to be gained by your demise! 
Ask God yourself
God fierce cfd

Ask God yourself, God love. 
Cfd

- Tour the CRAZIEST Explorer Yacht on the Market | Pendennis 55m STEEL | Full Yacht Walkthrough: Kind: captions Language: en We are truly honored and excited to tour&nbsp; this extraordinary yacht today. This Ice-class&nbsp;&nbsp; vessel built in 2008 by a visionary owner is&nbsp; a one-of-a-kind vessel with a classic British&nbsp;&nbsp; gentleman's club interior and features that will&nbsp; leave you amazed. Among which are a heated pool&nbsp;&nbsp; with artificial current, a bow-mounted dolphin&nbsp; observation basket, a wine celler for 600 bottles&nbsp;&nbsp; with an adjoining cigar bar, and many more unique&nbsp; elements that we will showcase in this video. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; yacht Steel was built by Pendennis Shipyard in the UK.&nbsp; This truly tailor-made yacht was built as an ambitious&nbsp;&nbsp; world-cruising vessel, even able to navigate&nbsp; in the North Seas. She's equipped with the&nbsp;&nbsp; hot-water circulation around the sea chests for&nbsp; cold-water operation, heated air system around the&nbsp;&nbsp; doors to prevent freezing in extreme conditions,&nbsp; and a full heating system with radiators throughout&nbsp;&nbsp; the yacht, a chimney and even the water cannons&nbsp; to clear ice buildup and protect the vessel&nbsp;&nbsp; from the external threat. Jeremy as experienced&nbsp; captain will explain the yacht's performance,&nbsp;&nbsp; unique engineering and capabilities.&nbsp; And Emma will present you Steel from&nbsp;&nbsp; the guests' perspective, highlighting the&nbsp; unique lifestyle you can have on board. [Music] Welcome on board of Steel. We're about to&nbsp; start an adventure exploring this unique yacht,&nbsp;&nbsp; which I'm sure one day will be considered a&nbsp; maritime heritage. Guests come on board via&nbsp;&nbsp; this sturdy pasarel which brings you to the aft&nbsp; of the main deck. This whole space feels protected&nbsp;&nbsp; and secluded. And right in the middle you will&nbsp; notice the staircase that leads up to the upper&nbsp;&nbsp; deck. And look closely at the steps. The yacht's&nbsp; name is beautifully inlaid on these brass panels,&nbsp;&nbsp; setting tone for what's to come. The aft deck is&nbsp; laid out symmetrically with the dining area on the&nbsp;&nbsp; port side, and the coffee lounge on the starboard&nbsp; side. The atmosphere here is of calm, and privacy&nbsp;&nbsp; enhanced by these high bulwarks over here. The&nbsp; dining table is big enough to seat 12 guests,&nbsp;&nbsp; although now it's set for 10. And for smaller&nbsp; gatherings, you have this nice coffee table&nbsp;&nbsp; which doubles as a game table. Under this panel,&nbsp; for example, there is a backgammon board game.&nbsp;&nbsp; And on this side we have a chessboard. And&nbsp; the central unit over here is the&nbsp;&nbsp; storage for game pieces. I mean this is just a&nbsp; very clever idea to use the piece of furniture&nbsp;&nbsp; like this. And I really like the design&nbsp; here. These white wooden panels with brass&nbsp;&nbsp; screws combined with a light lacquered wood create&nbsp; a strong New England vibe feeling. And along&nbsp;&nbsp; sides, there are a lot of cabinetry where crew&nbsp; stores the cutlery and also tableware to serve&nbsp;&nbsp; on this aft deck. And this space is actually&nbsp; amazing if you want to set like a buffet style&nbsp;&nbsp; dinner or lunch. On both sides, there are doors&nbsp; that leads to this side deck. And these doors&nbsp;&nbsp; can be closed, which is a clever feature, to&nbsp; protect this area from wind when the boat&nbsp;&nbsp; is underway. And this door now leads to the&nbsp; saloon on the main deck. Let's check it out. When you walk through this door into the main&nbsp; deck saloon, immediately what strikes you is&nbsp;&nbsp; the atmosphere. Feels like a classic gentleman's&nbsp; club. All this mahogany wood immediately takes&nbsp;&nbsp; you back in time. As we pass here, I can see a&nbsp; lot of shelves for the glasses and bottles.&nbsp;&nbsp; Loads of cabinetry below and even a cup holders&nbsp; on top. And this top over here folds down, so it&nbsp;&nbsp; creates a complete bar experience. I mean, how&nbsp; cool is this? So, we continue further forward and,&nbsp;&nbsp; in the middle, we have the main seating area with&nbsp; these leather armchairs and the sofa, and also these&nbsp;&nbsp; sofas nicely upholstered in textile. And in the&nbsp; middle we have this beautiful central table which&nbsp;&nbsp; holds charts. That's a pretty cool feature. So you&nbsp; can oversee where you're going, plan some routes, and the compass in the middle. So these three&nbsp; windows overlooking the aft deck are openable,&nbsp;&nbsp; and I can show you how to operate them from&nbsp; this cabinet over here. So, basically, now it will&nbsp;&nbsp; start moving but they move one by one. Behind&nbsp; me, you can see these bookshelves with the book&nbsp;&nbsp; collections dated back to the 18th century. This&nbsp; feature really adds a character to this space.&nbsp;&nbsp; In the corner over here, there is an observation&nbsp; desk equipped with a chartplotter and some marine&nbsp;&nbsp; instruments, in case you feel like navigating while&nbsp; sitting in the salon. And this cabinet holds a&nbsp;&nbsp; little secret. That's a hidden cigar box that you&nbsp; can rise up and offer to your guests while you're&nbsp;&nbsp; sitting here. So, this box has four drawers and&nbsp; even a mechanism to regulate humidity. Wow, that's&nbsp;&nbsp; really cool feature. Okay, let's hide this box&nbsp; back in the cabinet and we continue further. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; this part over here with the TV and the sound bar,&nbsp; and some bookshelves, also has a secret. You can&nbsp;&nbsp; pull them inside the wall, basically by&nbsp; switching these buttons over here. So, this&nbsp;&nbsp; would create even more open space in the salon.&nbsp; One of my favorite touches is this fireplace. It&nbsp;&nbsp; was originally designed to run on gas, but since&nbsp; the commercial yacht, it's not being used anymore.&nbsp;&nbsp; But still, it gives it a very homely feeling.&nbsp; Moving forward, we find this secluded corner, which&nbsp;&nbsp; is set out as a game table. This table is actually&nbsp; a piece of art because, first of all, the tabletop&nbsp;&nbsp; can be raised and flipped depending on which&nbsp; game you're playing. And right here on the sides,&nbsp;&nbsp; you have slide-out supports for cups and bottles&nbsp; like set out on that side. And look at this old&nbsp;&nbsp; map on the wall. At the first glance, it looked&nbsp; like a decoration. But if we activate the secret&nbsp;&nbsp; mechanism, it will uncover shelves just behind&nbsp; it. Both this door and the one on the opposite&nbsp;&nbsp; side can be locked from the inside, meaning the&nbsp; owner is basically getting his own private deck. Hey, let's start with the wheelhouse. The easiest&nbsp; way to reach is going by these stairs. On my&nbsp;&nbsp; right, here is a wheelhouse where we are going to&nbsp; show you everything. And on my left side, here&nbsp;&nbsp; you have the wing station for docking the boat.&nbsp; Actually, also control with the camera here on&nbsp;&nbsp; the 360°. Let's get in. This massive door lets us&nbsp; all getting in, and welcome to this massive and&nbsp;&nbsp; impressive wheelhouse, with all the engineering and all the controls you can find. The first&nbsp;&nbsp; impression you have here is that you feel really in the&nbsp; security. You feel that the boat is a massive and&nbsp;&nbsp; impressive boat, very strong and very powerful.&nbsp; Very easily, you have the full engine system. On the&nbsp;&nbsp; both sides, you have exactly the same controller.&nbsp; For example, you have the echo sounder to measure&nbsp;&nbsp; the depth of the sea. This is a radar control.&nbsp; You got the VHF and the pilot chart. That thing&nbsp;&nbsp; is to control the boat thruster. Meaning that if&nbsp; you have the side wind and you want to dock,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's helping you a lot. The power control with the&nbsp; all engine systems, with magnetic compass. And here&nbsp;&nbsp; you have the stabilizer controller. And more or&nbsp; less, on the left part on the port side part of the&nbsp;&nbsp; the wheelhouse, you have exactly the same system&nbsp; on the starboard. This is two different system,&nbsp;&nbsp; but showing the same information and that part&nbsp; is like a monitoring, but on the old school,&nbsp;&nbsp; meaning that you have the old fire system,&nbsp; you have the old communication system.&nbsp;&nbsp; You control the sprinkler, meaning that you can&nbsp; control the zone where you want to spray the&nbsp;&nbsp; water in case of fire and all the lightning of the&nbsp; boat, like a Curtis light, or you can also have the&nbsp;&nbsp; navigation light here. Everything is&nbsp; controlled by hand. So, it looks like that is&nbsp;&nbsp; the oldfashioned boat. If we exit the wheelhouse&nbsp; through this massive door, we go three steps down&nbsp;&nbsp; and we arrive here in the officer's room, which is&nbsp; also a room where you can find old communication&nbsp;&nbsp; system and every document as a commercial vessel,&nbsp; and a very massive vessel. Everything is recorded,&nbsp;&nbsp; it is very, very strict. Everything is centralized&nbsp; here, it's like a brain, more or less, of the boat. Walking through this corridor, notice this wooden&nbsp; handrails detailed with these gilded, well heads of&nbsp;&nbsp; a duck or a dolphin. I mean, such a small detail,&nbsp; but gives a very strong character to this place.&nbsp;&nbsp; And right here is one of my favorite corners. A&nbsp; sitting area that honestly feels like a dining&nbsp;&nbsp; cart on the Orient Express. I mean, look at this&nbsp; windows. They make you feel like you're on an old&nbsp;&nbsp; English train. In this place, I imagine curling&nbsp; up with a book or having your coffee, and watching&nbsp;&nbsp; how icebergs pass by. Well, I got drifted away.&nbsp; Let's continue to explore the master cabin. At the&nbsp;&nbsp; entrance, there's a corner settee over here, with a&nbsp; gilded lamps and cup holders. And I mean, look at&nbsp;&nbsp; this switches. It's so vintage. You don't see work&nbsp; like this anymore. So, the cabinet in front has&nbsp;&nbsp; this roll top, which probably hides TV. Yeah,&nbsp; that's the case. I guess the owner didn't want&nbsp;&nbsp; that technology spoils the ambiance of the&nbsp; past. Below here, there is a fridge for drinks.&nbsp;&nbsp; Very nice, because the master cabin is right here.&nbsp; And these are here, there's a marine instruments&nbsp;&nbsp; where you can check the wind direction, the&nbsp; depths and to oversee the navigation overall. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; the owner is well aware about where the vessel is&nbsp; heading while enjoying the privacy of his space.&nbsp;&nbsp; So, the master cabin itself has a four-poster&nbsp; bed in the middle and all covered in this mahogany&nbsp;&nbsp; wood. Like everywhere you look, there are cabinets&nbsp; built right into the walls. So the small settee over&nbsp;&nbsp; here, and surrounded by two writing desks. I&nbsp; mean, look at this secretary desk with this tiny&nbsp;&nbsp; drawers. That's the place where you would keep the&nbsp; envelopes and also letter paper and maybe send a&nbsp;&nbsp; message in the bottle. So, the cabinet in front of&nbsp; the bed has a hidden TV. Just behind this folding&nbsp;&nbsp; door. This is really nice. And, on both sides of&nbsp; the bed, there are bookshelves. I mean, they're&nbsp;&nbsp; so cute. Like in the old library and all details.&nbsp; I mean, look at this golden pitcher for water. And&nbsp;&nbsp; also, the holder for a glass. I mean, this it's just&nbsp; amazing. I feel like I'm in the museum. Over here&nbsp;&nbsp; we have the same setup just this part also has&nbsp; these marine monitors where you can see the wind,&nbsp;&nbsp; the direction of the ship and, I mean, definitely&nbsp; owner wants to be aware of what's going on and&nbsp;&nbsp; where the vessel is heading. The master bathroom&nbsp; really left me speechless the first time I saw it.&nbsp;&nbsp; I mean look at this huge bathtub with this gilded&nbsp; faucets which replicate the, well, unknown,&nbsp;&nbsp; animals to me. And have a look at this, for example,&nbsp; detail for regulating the temperature. It feels&nbsp;&nbsp; like I traveled in time. That's just amazing.&nbsp; On both sides of the tub, there are washing&nbsp;&nbsp; basins finished in marble. And let me actually,&nbsp; ah this one actually has storage. This is&nbsp;&nbsp; so smart. I mean you cannot even see that this&nbsp; furniture can hold some secret space. The whole&nbsp;&nbsp; setup is mirrored. So for him and for her. We have&nbsp; a walk-in closet over here, and the similar on the&nbsp;&nbsp; other side. And that's a lot of space over here.&nbsp; A lot of hanging space, a lot of again shelves,&nbsp;&nbsp; for everything you might need. And this closet&nbsp; has also a code, so it can be locked if you have&nbsp;&nbsp; your private personal stuff in there. And&nbsp; the shower right here, I mean, look at this. It&nbsp;&nbsp; just feels absolutely royal. All in marble with&nbsp; the bench. You have shower jets over here. These&nbsp;&nbsp; amazing faucets again, and these tiny lights that&nbsp; look like a starry sky. Unbelievable. And behind&nbsp;&nbsp; this door, there is a toilet with a bidet. Very nice&nbsp; room for privacy. I mean, I'm amazed. This is the&nbsp;&nbsp; very best master bathroom I ever saw. And now,&nbsp; let's continue further forward exploring the main&nbsp;&nbsp; deck. From the master cabin, we continue moving&nbsp; through this corridor. And there is a day head on&nbsp;&nbsp; the main deck, beautifully finished in pink marble&nbsp; and also mahogany wood panelings. And right here,&nbsp;&nbsp; we arrived at the central staircase of this yacht,&nbsp; which connects all three decks, the lower deck,&nbsp;&nbsp; the main deck, and the sun deck. And take a&nbsp; look at the ceilings. I mean, the height of them,&nbsp;&nbsp; they doesn't look like we're on a yacht. It feels&nbsp; like we're in some castle. I truly believe the big&nbsp;&nbsp; heart of this yacht is the dining area. It just&nbsp; feels royal, and it's where all gatherings happen&nbsp;&nbsp; in the atmosphere of the real nobility. I mean,&nbsp; just look at this chandelier. I'm almost certain&nbsp;&nbsp; it hang once in the castle. The huge windows just&nbsp; flood this room with light. And below the windows,&nbsp;&nbsp; you will notice these radiator cabinets since&nbsp; the boat is also equipped with a full heating&nbsp;&nbsp; system. I mean, this table is beautifully&nbsp; set. Look at these chairs, upholstered in&nbsp;&nbsp; the nice green leather. And I absolutely love&nbsp; thesechina cabinets on both sides, that actually&nbsp;&nbsp; takes us back in time when craftsmanship was an&nbsp; art in itself. And I mean, look at this cutlery.&nbsp;&nbsp; The name of the boat is encrusted even on these&nbsp; spoons and forks. Just unbelievable. You'll&nbsp;&nbsp; notice there are four doors in this dining room.&nbsp; So, let's play a little game called - Guess&nbsp;&nbsp; what's behind the door? So, let's do treasure&nbsp; hunting. Behind this door, we have additional&nbsp;&nbsp; storage for tableware and also cutlery.&nbsp; It's huge. Oh my god. Then going over here,&nbsp;&nbsp; this door actually leads to the sidewalks of the&nbsp; main deck. So, continuing further, this third door, also the storage for the cutlery and dishes and&nbsp; also cup holders. And this one, this I know for&nbsp;&nbsp; sure is leading to the galley. And it's opened&nbsp; with this foot button that activates it. So, coming&nbsp;&nbsp; from the dining area through this corridor, there&nbsp; is a door that is also operated with this foot&nbsp;&nbsp; button that leads us to the galley. And let's&nbsp; close it. And on my right, there is yet another&nbsp;&nbsp; surprising space on this yacht. A cigar lounge.&nbsp; Yet another space for socializing on this yacht.&nbsp;&nbsp; I've seen a few cigar rooms on different yachts,&nbsp; but this one is definitely my favorite. First of&nbsp;&nbsp; all, it has dimmable lights over here to create&nbsp; the mood. Then, of course, opening port holes,&nbsp;&nbsp; so for ventilation. Then, you have lots of&nbsp; cabinets that store bottles and additional&nbsp;&nbsp; dishes and cups. Over here, behind&nbsp; this roll-top cabinet, there is the TV,&nbsp;&nbsp; so you can watch your favorite game. And lastly,&nbsp; let me show you this piece of art. A wine cellar&nbsp; for 600 wine bottles. I mean, in this particular&nbsp; space, you'll never run out of stories. Or wine. If we exit the wheelhouse from the starboard&nbsp; side door, here on my right,&nbsp;&nbsp; you have the trash storage freezer, meaning that&nbsp; all the trash are stored here before to be put&nbsp;&nbsp; in land, with a freezing system. Like this,&nbsp; you block the smell. Here on the starboard side,&nbsp;&nbsp; you have the same at the opposite, is the&nbsp; wing station to dock the boat. So, in every&nbsp;&nbsp; side you have the same things helping you&nbsp; to see the side of the boat, and you can&nbsp;&nbsp; maneuvering and put the boat on the docking.&nbsp; We pass now on the front of the wheelhouse, and&nbsp;&nbsp; the particularity of this boat is we have&nbsp; the rotating window here is using for the&nbsp;&nbsp; the water ticking out. It's like a reaper's, but&nbsp;when you have a heavy sea, is much more efficient.&nbsp;&nbsp; We usually use it on the fisher boat. Here&nbsp; is a kind of privacy corner. As you can see,&nbsp;&nbsp; there is a very cool table. You can enjoy the&nbsp; coffee. You can have the fresh air from&nbsp;&nbsp; the sea and everything. So, basically, it's kind&nbsp; of the secret place, but usually the best Still&nbsp;&nbsp; in our secret place. Here you have the&nbsp; jet ski storage trunk, and it's on the port side. On the starboard side, you have all the water toys. Like sea bobs, like wakeboard, and everything. So, both sides can store a lot of water toys.&nbsp; Okay. Now let's go out from the wheelhouse, and&nbsp;&nbsp; we go for the bow by this ladder. Here you have&nbsp; the bench. You can sit. And we arrive on the&nbsp;&nbsp; security tender. And we arrive exactly where the&nbsp; boat is stuck in the ground with the anchor system,&nbsp;&nbsp; with these two massive windlass which are absolutely&nbsp; strong, absolutely secure, absolutely amazing.&nbsp;&nbsp; And if you look at the color, reminds you that we&nbsp; are on a very, very strong boat. And here we have&nbsp;&nbsp; the very cool feature of the boat. You see the&nbsp; crow nest. Hey, come on. Let's try it. So, we&nbsp;&nbsp; go in, and then the crew will lift it up into the&nbsp; mast. We need to close this door. All right. Yeah.&nbsp;&nbsp; Okay. Look at this. We are flying over the sea.&nbsp; And we are quite lucky today, in Cannes is very calm&nbsp;&nbsp; weather. The sea is flat, and all the boats around&nbsp; are looking at us. This is just funny. We can see&nbsp;&nbsp; Saint Tropez over there. Look, the extreme cap really far&nbsp; away. This is Cap Camarat. It's quite high. Yeah,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's very high. Jesus Christ. We are going at the&nbsp; top. Woohoo. Excellent. Yeah, we can go swimming&nbsp;&nbsp; now. Julian, what do you think? Wow. You could&nbsp; jump. Yeah, I can. I will try later. It's just&nbsp;&nbsp; amazing. The first time I see the kind of the&nbsp; island, of Levant Island, from this perspective is&nbsp;&nbsp; just unique experience. So nice. Clear sky, the&nbsp; moon. Hello. Amazing. Unique experience. Never&nbsp;&nbsp; had this in my life. And it's also very smooth.&nbsp; Yeah. And you feel secure. I mean it's it's not&nbsp;&nbsp; no brainer. It's a I mean it's a real boat. So,&nbsp; amazing experience on the crow nest. Actually the&nbsp;&nbsp; best view ever in the bay. I have&nbsp; to say we have the plot here to put the rope,&nbsp;&nbsp; tow the boat if need, or whatever. It's a, you can feel it. It's very massive. So, just&nbsp;&nbsp; impressed about the quality and everything. And actually here you&nbsp;&nbsp; get the crane to put and to install jet skis,&nbsp; security tender, crew tenders and the water&nbsp;&nbsp; toys from this area. So, meaning that is not with&nbsp; the guest. So, the crane is also very massive. And now we are back from the wheelhouse down to&nbsp; the stairs here. Okay, let me show you the crew&nbsp;&nbsp; area and the galley. Okay, this is the&nbsp; main door for the kitchen. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; here we have the chef. Hello.&nbsp; Hello. I'm getting in just to explain bit. Okay,&nbsp;&nbsp; this is a very large and professional kitchen,&nbsp; with the freezer, fridge, and here you have&nbsp;&nbsp; the cooking place with the big oven, oven is&nbsp; very, very deep, meaning that you can already cook a&nbsp;&nbsp; fish for 20 kilos. So, it's very large. And here&nbsp; you have also another oven with the the vapor and&nbsp;&nbsp; etc. And on that direction, on that doors, we arrive&nbsp; in the crew area where they can enjoy the meal,&nbsp;&nbsp; relax. It's very large. I mean the crew&nbsp; has the very good quality on this boat.&nbsp;&nbsp; They feel like home. The TV, I mean you&nbsp; have all the monitoring, the camera,&nbsp;&nbsp; you can control everything here. Really it's a,&nbsp; I want to say you feel really like home here.&nbsp;&nbsp; It's super nice place. And right on this door,&nbsp; this is the laundry, two washing machines, two dryers.&nbsp;&nbsp; And there is a second laundry downstairs, which&nbsp; you're going to check now, right now. Now we go&nbsp;&nbsp; out of the crew area and pass this door. All the&nbsp; doors are very massive. It's just amazing. And if&nbsp;&nbsp; we go down here on that stairs, we arrive on the&nbsp; laundry. Here we are. Let me show you the laundry. All right. Here we are. So, massive laundry with&nbsp; two washing machines, two dryers, working 24 hours,&nbsp;&nbsp; the special machine for the bed sheets, all the&nbsp; storage and everything. Really like super nice&nbsp;&nbsp; place, right? Yeah. And let's go now. Let me&nbsp; show you the massive fridge. Yeah. Nobody answer,&nbsp;&nbsp; otherwise it's dead. Woohoo. Look. Look at this.&nbsp; This is Wow. It's very cold, but actually it is&nbsp;&nbsp; super nice place for the cook and the crew. They&nbsp; have the all the fresh stuff and everything. And&nbsp;&nbsp; this door is a freezer. Look how deep and big it is.&nbsp; You can stay for 2 months without a problem. And&nbsp;&nbsp; all the other doors here are the crew cabins.&nbsp; All the crew mostly are sleeping here around. Now that you well wined and dined, it's time&nbsp; to relax in one of the guest cabins on the lower&nbsp;&nbsp; deck. So, let's take the central staircase down&nbsp; and have a look. There are five guest cabins here,&nbsp;&nbsp; all en suite. They share the same Orient Express&nbsp; atmosphere, but each one has a special twist and&nbsp;&nbsp; a color scheme. So, let's check forward guest cabins&nbsp; first. We're entering the guest cabin called 'Green',&nbsp; because of the green covers on the beds, and also&nbsp; the green leather on wall panels. Each room has&nbsp;&nbsp; three-quarter beds and also an additional pullman bed over here. So, it can accommodate three guests.&nbsp;&nbsp; We have beautiful furniture here in the middle,&nbsp; the chest of drawers, also this nice water jugs,&nbsp;&nbsp; the lamps, everything again reminiscent&nbsp; of old English train. Over here we have opening&nbsp;&nbsp; port hole, additional set of drawers and a very&nbsp; spacious wardrobe, by the way. Wow. Really amazing&nbsp;&nbsp; space. So this forward guest cabin, the difference&nbsp; with the one that we will see later in the back,&nbsp;&nbsp; is because it's equipped with the bathtub. It's a&nbsp; beautiful, beautiful green marble and the fittings&nbsp;&nbsp; of the shower. Look at them. Really amazing. You&nbsp; have even small settee over here. The sink for him&nbsp;&nbsp; and for her. Again, lots of cabinets, lots of&nbsp; drawers. These details just amazing. There is&nbsp;&nbsp; a sliding door that would separate the bathroom&nbsp; area from this area where you have the toilet and&nbsp;&nbsp; a bidet, and another opening port hole. Beautiful&nbsp; bathroom. And I especially love this color of&nbsp;&nbsp; the marble. So, let's check out the opposite cabin&nbsp; as well. The opposite cabin has exactly the same&nbsp;&nbsp; layout with two beds, separate beds, and also&nbsp; pullman bed, and beautiful chest of drawers. Lots&nbsp;&nbsp; of drawers below beds. Again the wardrobe and the&nbsp; only difference is that bathroom here is fitted&nbsp;&nbsp; with pink marble, but it has exactly the same setup.&nbsp; Also bathtub and separate area for toilet and bidet.&nbsp;&nbsp; And now let's go further the corridor and check&nbsp; the single cabin, also called nanny's cabin.&nbsp;&nbsp; Here is the single cabin which features well&nbsp; single bed, but they also added additional bed&nbsp;&nbsp; down below, which is stacked over here, and I think&nbsp; that's a very clever use of space. I especially&nbsp;&nbsp; love this curtains above the bed. I, again, have&nbsp; this strong feeling of being on English train.&nbsp;&nbsp; It gives so much privacy and coziness. So, the&nbsp; drawers for clothes, also here we have the&nbsp;&nbsp; wardrobe, and the bathroom over here, with a nice&nbsp; sink. This time it's in the white marble. Toilet,&nbsp;&nbsp; and over here there's access to the shower.&nbsp; Wow, that's a lot of space. Very beautiful.&nbsp;&nbsp; One cool feature that we discovered during&nbsp; filming is this top shelf drawer in cabins can&nbsp;&nbsp; be trans transformed into the writing desk with&nbsp; these sections for letters and paper and again&nbsp;&nbsp; with the name of the yacht here on the top. Right&nbsp; across this cabinet there is a linen cabinet, which&nbsp;&nbsp; is a dedicated space where all the bed linen and&nbsp; towels are stored. And, I'm just standing on the&nbsp;&nbsp; hatch which leads to the bilges that is used as&nbsp; additional storage space. Over here you can see&nbsp;&nbsp; the massage table and well you can still fit a&nbsp; lot of things down there. So, along the corridor,&nbsp;&nbsp; behind this wall panels, everywhere where we&nbsp; see door hinges, we can just press this doors&nbsp;&nbsp; and it will reveal a small storage space behind.&nbsp; So, again, the space behind walls is cleverly used&nbsp;&nbsp; to store things. At the end of the corridor, we&nbsp; have this beautiful table with a fancy mirror.&nbsp;&nbsp; Looks like a port hole to me. And this cabinet has&nbsp; a fridge for drinks. And these cabins over here,&nbsp;&nbsp; they repeating the same layout and pattern of&nbsp; those that we saw in front. Here we have a pullman&nbsp;&nbsp; bed open. So, you can see how it looks like when&nbsp; it's open. A lot of space still for the person&nbsp;&nbsp; that's underneath. The same set of drawers.&nbsp; Beautiful. The wardrobe is here. And the only&nbsp;&nbsp; difference is that bathrooms here, instead of&nbsp; a bathtub, they have a shower cabin. Spacious,&nbsp;&nbsp; enormous shower cabin, finished in this&nbsp; pink marble. And in front, behind this door,&nbsp;&nbsp; there is a space with a toilet and the bidet.&nbsp; And all bathrooms, they have this handles&nbsp;&nbsp; for towels, which are heated when it's well,&nbsp; when it's cold outside. And the last guest cabin&nbsp;&nbsp; has exactly the same layout and the style as the&nbsp; ones we just seen. Just a different color scheme,&nbsp;&nbsp; of course. And the bathroom is also the same&nbsp; with a toilet section here and also the shower,&nbsp;&nbsp; but just a little bit different color of&nbsp; marble. Now let's head up to the bridge&nbsp;&nbsp; deck where there is another guest cabin, the&nbsp; breakfast room and access to the sun deck. Taking this main staircase from the main deck,&nbsp; we arrive to the bridge deck. Right here we have&nbsp;&nbsp; access to the wheelhouse where Jeremy explained&nbsp; you about the navigation equipment of this boat,&nbsp;&nbsp; the radio room, for all the communication&nbsp; equipment. And right here we have the dumbwaiter,&nbsp;&nbsp; which lifts the food from the galley to&nbsp; this bridge deck. And down below around the wall,&nbsp;&nbsp; we have all this drawers again, and cabinets. It's&nbsp; just a really amazing amount of storage on this&nbsp;&nbsp; boat. Moving further forward this corridor. Let's&nbsp; take a look at this ship model of Steel. I mean,&nbsp;&nbsp; it gives a really good perspective of the&nbsp; vessel. So, if you can see, we started down&nbsp;&nbsp; below here in the aft, moved our way to the main saloon on the main deck. Further forward,&nbsp;&nbsp; this is the door from the master cabin. Then&nbsp; we went up. We right now on the bridge deck.&nbsp;&nbsp; Moving our way to the sun deck right here with&nbsp; the endless pool, and these heavy-duty cranes for&nbsp;&nbsp; the tender. Then we will go to the sky deck&nbsp; where the sun lounger is. There's a gym here&nbsp;&nbsp; in the middle, just under the radars and the&nbsp; front sun lounging area, which is overlooking&nbsp;&nbsp; this dolphin observation basket. You can also see&nbsp; from here these huge fins Quantum stabilizers.&nbsp;&nbsp; There are four on this yacht, and the rudders&nbsp; on the stern. And look at how actually the&nbsp;&nbsp; shafts are covered in these metal sleeves, because&nbsp; it's an ice breaker. Basically, it's&nbsp;&nbsp; the vessel designed to go Northern Seas. So, it's,&nbsp; well, the shafts are well protected from any hard&nbsp;&nbsp; materials inside the water. Let's move forward and&nbsp; discover this seventh guest cabin on this yacht,&nbsp;&nbsp; which is located right here on the bridge deck.&nbsp; Let's have a look. Oh, this really heavy doors&nbsp;&nbsp; have this supporters because otherwise it's really&nbsp; difficult to hold them in one place. Well, it has&nbsp;&nbsp; really nice Queen-size bed, and also pullman bed on&nbsp; the side. And again, this pattern of the old English&nbsp;&nbsp; train. This side table, with chairs on the sides&nbsp; overlooking the window. The nice writing desk.&nbsp;&nbsp; And, I mean, this chair. Wow. It's definitely from a&nbsp; Agatha Christie book or movie. Then over here, there&nbsp;&nbsp; is a bathroom with the marble finishes and also&nbsp; the pattern we saw outside, with the white wooden&nbsp;&nbsp; panels, and this light lacquered wood. It's&nbsp; really nice. The porthole with some curtains,&nbsp;&nbsp; and really good-sized shower right here. Also&nbsp; with a bench. Oh, that's amazing. Amazing space.&nbsp;&nbsp; Then, going out from this cabin, just in front&nbsp; there is a captain's cabin. So, he kindly let&nbsp;&nbsp; us also show this one to you. Here at the entrance&nbsp; there is a writing desk. Well, working desk for the&nbsp;&nbsp; captain. A wardrobe behind me. Very spacious. A&nbsp; settee in the corner right here. The window. Well, the&nbsp;&nbsp; big bed, again with a lot of bookshelves on top.&nbsp; A chest of drawers over here in the middle.&nbsp;&nbsp; And this cabin has it ends suite bathroom with&nbsp; a shower right here. Also, a lot of&nbsp;&nbsp; space here, a lot of room, all covered in marble.&nbsp; Nice cozy space. I like it a lot. You should be&nbsp;&nbsp; really lucky to be captain on this yacht. Stepping&nbsp; out from the captain's cabin, we move to what's&nbsp;&nbsp; called the breakfast room on this yacht. It's&nbsp; a nice cozy dining area which is designed for&nbsp;&nbsp; more intimate gatherings where you would enjoy&nbsp; breakfast or lunch, with a fewer amount of people.&nbsp;&nbsp; Right here, it feels like a beach house vibe, again&nbsp; with the contrast of this white and light wood&nbsp;&nbsp; panels. And also these reclining chairs, they look&nbsp; like a beach chairs to me. The windows over here,&nbsp;&nbsp; they're also openable. So if you want to enjoy&nbsp; some fresh breeze during breakfast, that's the&nbsp;&nbsp; place. So behind this cabinet, there is also a TV.&nbsp; And this small dining area is directly connected&nbsp;&nbsp; to the second galley on this upper deck, which is&nbsp; fully equipped. We have a huge fridge over here,&nbsp;&nbsp; the dishwasher, and a commercial-grade grill, with a&nbsp; steam extractor. And this window over here&nbsp;&nbsp; is retractable and serves as a serving hatch for&nbsp; the sun deck. So, when the food is prepared here,&nbsp;&nbsp; it can be placed on this countertop and serves&nbsp; basically the sun deck. And from this door&nbsp;&nbsp; behind me, we access the sun deck. So, through&nbsp; this door, we access this sun deck on Steel,&nbsp;&nbsp; which is the place for relaxation and fun.&nbsp; Over here, in the shade of the awning,&nbsp;&nbsp; there is a lounge area with these sofas and&nbsp; chairs upholstered in this green material, which is&nbsp;&nbsp; repeating the color of the hull. And this vintage&nbsp; trunk coffee table is my absolute favorite piece&nbsp;&nbsp; of furniture. The sun deck features an endless&nbsp; pool, which is about meter and a half deep and has&nbsp;&nbsp; a mechanism that creates artificial current, which&nbsp; allows you to swim in place. It is also equipped&nbsp;&nbsp; with jets that create bubbles, and also with a&nbsp; heating system. So, when it's chilly outside, you&nbsp;&nbsp; can actually turn it into the warm bubble bath.&nbsp; On the pool, we have an interesting monitor,&nbsp;&nbsp; which displays actually the sea temperature, 23.8&nbsp; right now. And after you had a swim in the pool,&nbsp;&nbsp; you can take a shower right here. The port side of&nbsp; the sun deck is set up as this sun lounging area,&nbsp;&nbsp; but you can also see this huge tender chokes&nbsp; and gigantic hydraulic cranes, which are used&nbsp;&nbsp; to lift and store the tender over, here when&nbsp; the boat is underway. So, the whole area is&nbsp;&nbsp; truly multifunctional. You can have an open&nbsp; air massage here, or you can throw a party&nbsp;&nbsp; with a punch music and enough room left for&nbsp; dancing. And I think that's amazing that you can&nbsp;&nbsp; convert this area in your main entertaining space.&nbsp; To reach the sky deck, we need to pass through the&nbsp;&nbsp; breakfast room again through this sliding door, and&nbsp; open this door over here as well. And this sliding&nbsp;&nbsp; door has even a privacy button. So, if you are on&nbsp; the sky deck, you don't want to be disturbed. You&nbsp;&nbsp; just block this access and you have your area&nbsp; of seclusion. Over here we have the day head of&nbsp;&nbsp; this sund deck. As we continue forward, notice&nbsp; this handrail out of marine rope. I mean, these small details give this yacht such a character.&nbsp; Here on the sky deck, there is a large sunbed with&nbsp;&nbsp; a sliding canopy, and a proper standing shower&nbsp; in this corner. And behind this sliding door,&nbsp;&nbsp; there is a gym. The gym is well equipped with a&nbsp; treadmill, elliptical and multifunctional trainer,&nbsp;&nbsp; some free weights, and some yoga mats. On&nbsp; expedition yacht, a gym is not a luxury,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's a necessity, because when under navigation,&nbsp; you're basically locked in one place. So, behind&nbsp;&nbsp; this door, there is a steam room and a shower,&nbsp; which is very spacious. It has a mosaic on the&nbsp;&nbsp; floor and on the walls, and the pattern of a starry sky on the on the ceiling. It's very nice. I mean,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's incredible to have a good workout, step into&nbsp; the steam, then take shower outside and stretch out&nbsp;&nbsp; under the open sky. It should feel amazing.&nbsp; There are two frontal doors that lead to the&nbsp;&nbsp; forward area of the sky deck. And also when open,&nbsp; they create a good ventilation in the gym. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; this massive watertight doors can be blocked like&nbsp; this. And this area has yet another sun lounger&nbsp;&nbsp; with a retractable awning, and a forward-facing&nbsp; sofa. This is amazing space actually to sit&nbsp;&nbsp; and to see the navigation unfolding. You can&nbsp; probably notice this water cannons. I mean&nbsp;&nbsp; this is a unique feature for the expedition&nbsp; yacht. They are mainly used to clear away an&nbsp;&nbsp; ice builtup. But, if you found yourself anchored&nbsp; in a remote location, you can use them to gently&nbsp;&nbsp; deter curious animals like polar bears. If&nbsp; you find yourself anchored in the Arctics. Okay, now let's continue to the most important&nbsp; place of the boat. We go to the engine room, on the&nbsp;&nbsp; side deck access here, where our engineer is going&nbsp; to explain us everything. Let's go. Go. Wow. Okay,&nbsp;&nbsp; here we are. This is a very massive and&nbsp; impressive engine room. Let's start by&nbsp;&nbsp; the engine. Okay. So we have two Caterpillar&nbsp; with 1,100 horsepower each. Right. Correct. Okay.&nbsp;&nbsp; With an average consumption by hour and the&nbsp; cruising speed is what is the consumption? Let's&nbsp;&nbsp; say. Cruising speed around 10 knots. So, 60 liters per hour&nbsp; per engine. Per engine. So 120 liters two engines.&nbsp;&nbsp; Okay. 120 L two engines. So, and the the tank&nbsp; capacity is? It's around 120,000. Okay. Actually,&nbsp;&nbsp; here on my left, it is the water maker, right?&nbsp; So, the water maker can produce how many liters&nbsp;&nbsp; per hour? These two water maker have a capacity&nbsp; to produce almost 20 cubic meters each, in 24&nbsp;&nbsp; hours. That's amazing. Total capacity is&nbsp; 40 cubic meters per day. 40 cubic meters&nbsp;&nbsp; per day. As you explained me, we have some&nbsp; water heater, run by the diesel engine,&nbsp;&nbsp; right? So, meaning that all the fresh water of&nbsp; the boat and the swimming pool are heated by this&nbsp;&nbsp; system. Correct. Yes. They are heating by this&nbsp; big boy, which is diesel boiler. All right.&nbsp;&nbsp; So uses diesel, burns diesel to produce heat, and&nbsp; the power is 465 kilowatt, which is quite a lot. Quite a lot. And another interesting thing&nbsp; Yeah. The engine of this boat is that big boy down&nbsp;&nbsp; there. Yeah. Is a pump. Yeah. 110 kilow of pump.&nbsp; Okay. It's like, by herself, is consuming double&nbsp;&nbsp; of the power which we are consuming now. Okay.&nbsp; Keep the boat alive. 4,500 liters per minute of&nbsp;&nbsp; flow of water. Okay. Just for the cannons which&nbsp; you have outside, spray water in case of a fire. I&nbsp;&nbsp; see. Okay. Meaning is a powerful system. All&nbsp; right. Superb. So, what I understood as well,&nbsp;&nbsp; on that way we have the control of the&nbsp; let's say the stabilizer system. All right. Is&nbsp;&nbsp; this correct? Yeah. Okay. So there is actually&nbsp; four stabilizers, zero speed. Zero speed. So, also,&nbsp;&nbsp; at anchor they will work. So, the stabilizer&nbsp; can be used underway, and at anchor. Correct.&nbsp;&nbsp; Both. Okay. Super. Can you explain us what is&nbsp; this machine? Okay. This is another system to&nbsp;&nbsp; warm up the water. Okay. Usually we don't use&nbsp; the diesel boiler, but we use the normal boiler,&nbsp;&nbsp; electric boiler. So, we have three tanks. All&nbsp; right. With three resistances each. Okay. And one&nbsp;&nbsp; alone is enough to supply the hot water for all&nbsp; the vessel. Not for the swimming pool, but just for&nbsp;&nbsp; I see. Okay. So for the swimming pool you start&nbsp; the diesel one. So, I see that you have an Alfa Laval.&nbsp;&nbsp; This is a purifier, is purifier of fuel. So, meaning&nbsp; that it's a rotating machine to extract&nbsp;&nbsp; the water and the bad particle. Okay. To clean the&nbsp; fuel, basically. So you have some day-tank or&nbsp;&nbsp; you just clean the fuel each time you're using it?&nbsp; No, we have a storage, three storages. Then we have&nbsp;&nbsp; one tank where we put the fuel which&nbsp; went through the purifier, Alfa Laval, and then&nbsp;&nbsp; from that tank, we clean it one more time through&nbsp; these filters. Yeah. Which is a fine filter, and&nbsp;&nbsp; we put through this one to the daily tanks.&nbsp; Okay. Okay. And then after, from the day tank,&nbsp;&nbsp; the generator and the engines suck the gas together. Okay.&nbsp; Cool. Okay. Let's go to the rear to the generator. Here we are. The second engine, starboard side. Second&nbsp; engine is a hydraulic power unit. Okay. For the&nbsp;&nbsp; steering and everything? This is for the side platforms.&nbsp; All right. For the davit. Okay. I think you saw&nbsp;&nbsp; upstairs. Yeah. And the gangway. This&nbsp; is the super-powerful AC system. Okay.&nbsp;&nbsp; Which has a power in BTU of more than 1&nbsp; million BTU. We have three compressors, and&nbsp;&nbsp; one of them, again, is enough to keep the&nbsp; all boat cold in the Mediterranean summer.&nbsp;&nbsp; All right. I see. And as you can see the bilges are very clean. You can eat on the bilges. It's&nbsp;&nbsp; just amazing. The maintenance is awesome.&nbsp; Let's go to the generator. Okay. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; we go to generator room, and luckily it's&nbsp; not noisy, because we turned it off. Wow. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; actually there is three generators on the boat,&nbsp; right? Correct. So, one is running on the other&nbsp;&nbsp; side, and actually we have two on this room.&nbsp; What is the power of each generator? Which is&nbsp;&nbsp; 175 kilowatt. All right. We have two, those two,&nbsp; which are the main generators. Okay. The third one&nbsp;&nbsp; is exactly the same as those two. Okay. But&nbsp; can be used both as an emergency generator,&nbsp;&nbsp; okay, or main generator. Okay. So it has the&nbsp; possibility to be swapped. And you can run the&nbsp;&nbsp; whole boat with one generator, right? Correct. Or&nbsp; you need two? Now we are on one generator, and we&nbsp;&nbsp; are consuming around 55/60 kilowatt. Okay. We have a lot of spare power. Okay, I see. Okay,&nbsp;&nbsp; amazing. Let's go to the control room. You explain&nbsp; us a little bit. So, your office, let's say. Come. Hey. So, this is your your office, right?&nbsp; So, here you can read all the parameters of&nbsp;&nbsp; everything like production of water, generators,&nbsp; consumption. Absolutely. Yes. Switch from one&nbsp;&nbsp; to B to C, and you record everything, let's say&nbsp; every hours, every day. How do you work? Usually,&nbsp;&nbsp; daily, when we are not underway,&nbsp; when we are in port or when we are at anchor, or underway, usually every couple of hours.&nbsp; Okay. So here we have the main switchboard.&nbsp;&nbsp; Okay. Which is the switchboard that allow us to&nbsp; manage the power on board, to the main generators.&nbsp;&nbsp; So, each panel is one generator. Okay.&nbsp; The generator A, B and C. So starboard,&nbsp;&nbsp; central and port side. And here we have the shore power power. Okay. So, when we on port, if we want we can&nbsp;&nbsp; switch off the generator, connect a cable. Okay.&nbsp; Basically. It's strong enough? The shore power?&nbsp;&nbsp; Strong enough, can manage up to 120 kilowatt. Okay.&nbsp; Or 350 kilowatt. Okay. That's that's comfortable&nbsp;&nbsp; when you're on the port, but you don't have&nbsp; to run the generator. Yeah. Say, for the basic&nbsp;&nbsp; stuff is more than enough. And how does it work?&nbsp; You can connect the shore power and generator&nbsp;&nbsp; together? Is like synchroscope as well? To synchronize the phase. Yeah. The synchronize&nbsp;&nbsp; together, and then shore power take over,&nbsp; and the generator switch off. Okay. So let's&nbsp;&nbsp; say, we can see this machine, right, connecting&nbsp; the phase here. Okay. You&nbsp;&nbsp; can see when the synchronization is rolling, and&nbsp; then when it's blocking, everybody is together,&nbsp;&nbsp; right? So you have a lot of power. Okay.&nbsp; Cool. Nice place. And then I can see you&nbsp;&nbsp; have here is the brain of the boat, where I&nbsp; can see all the data, all the tanks for&nbsp;&nbsp; example. Here were the levels of the tanks. Okay.&nbsp; Thank you very much. It was very interesting, and&nbsp;&nbsp; yeah, it's a passion as well. So, thank you&nbsp; very much. Very appreciate. My pleasure. So, before we meet up with Jeremy and make a&nbsp; conclusion at the end of the day that we spent on&nbsp;&nbsp; this beautiful vessel, I was reflecting to myself -&nbsp; How much would it cost you to build the similar&nbsp;&nbsp; yacht from scratch now? Well, probably between&nbsp; 4 to 5 years of your life, and 60-70 million euros. But&nbsp;&nbsp; this rare fine can be acquired today for nearly&nbsp; half of that. Yachts of this kind are not usually&nbsp;&nbsp; bought or sold. They are passed down, inherited.&nbsp; Owning one means becoming a part of a legacy. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; we're now at the end of the video. Sitting here&nbsp; with Jeremy in the nice lounge, having some tea and&nbsp;&nbsp; exchanging our feelings about this yacht. To me,&nbsp; it feels like a really old money vessel. It's a&nbsp;&nbsp; luxury explorer that was designed and built even&nbsp; before it became trendy. And here it feels like&nbsp;&nbsp; a floating museum. You are transported back to the&nbsp; Victorian era. And you can feel even like obsessed,&nbsp;&nbsp; and really thoughtful attention to every detail,&nbsp; and the hidden functionality that reminds me&nbsp;&nbsp; of James Bond yacht. So, Jeremy, for you, what is&nbsp; the main outstanding point of this vessel? Yeah,&nbsp;&nbsp; actually you did say a lot. I mean, this&nbsp; boat is ship. I mean, it's really impressive about&nbsp;&nbsp; the structure, about the quality, the robust of&nbsp; the everything. You can find everything on this&nbsp;&nbsp; yacht. You can go anywhere on the world. She's Ice-classed. Technically, she's using mostly the thing we&nbsp;&nbsp; use on the ship, not on the yacht. So, meaning that&nbsp; the boat is very robust. And about the atmosphere&nbsp;&nbsp; and the ambience and everything, it's really,&nbsp; you are back on in the future and, I mean on the&nbsp;&nbsp; past, it's like, it's really like timeless. It's&nbsp; timeless. Yeah. And you can feel the legacy of centuries here. Absolutely. Absolutely. Now,&nbsp; it's really a unique vessel and one of a kind. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; it was our pleasure and really a big honor to&nbsp; be here and tour this yacht. If you want to know&nbsp;&nbsp; more about this unique yacht, you can go to our&nbsp; website, check out a specification. You'll find&nbsp;&nbsp; all technical details, and contact Jeremy or&nbsp; myself if you need more additional details.&nbsp;&nbsp; And thank you for watching the video.&nbsp; Thank you. We speak yachting. Let's talk.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Joe_1sr9 [2 likes]: British design engineering and build at its finest ❤
  2. @Insighttogether [1 likes]: I have been watching boat shows for two years, and this was by far the most magnificent presentation I have seen. The vessel is truly remarkable, and the thought process behind its creation shows absolute genius. I cannot appreciate the craftsmanship and the quality of this tour enough.
  3. @butchhubbard6124 [1 likes]: Love it Love it!!!
  4. @stevendevilliers471 [1 likes]: I want , I need , I must have it.😂😂😂😂😂😂🎉🎉🎉🎉
  5. @mitchcornacchia968 [1 likes]: MAGNIFICENT
  6. @Steve-Cross [1 likes]: This is an incredibly beautiful yacht. It certainly Harks back to more elegant times. I can’t see, sitting for dinner, without a dinner suit. Absolutely wonderful. 😎👍
  7. @boatfan57 [1 likes]: The height of classic luxury, It's just unreal. For 2009 it's interior looks a bit like a step back in time. Absolutely stunning.
  8. @Mr91495osh [1 likes]: More like a ship with yacht class amenities ❤
  9. @GroppeljohannKlotenkempe-vr6oh [1 likes]: Absolutely fantastic yacht ❤ and a very very comprehensive tour of this magnificent vessel. Thanks a lot 👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻
  10. @wesleysparks.419: @NautiStyles we need you guys to do a more thorough walk threw of this beautiful vessel would love to see this thing in more detail n you guys always do a great job of that
  11. @jkyles313: Update those gaming tables to something for 40k and i'm in.
  12. @ChrisStephen-oq5zf: Why would you
Want to deter Polar Bears ? It’s hardly likely they will get get on board 😡
  13. @tolga7722: Salak bir ingiliz tasarımı 🤣
  14. @jamesapisano384: Never seen anything like it. Not the right fit but definitely compelling.
  15. @AimarRodriguez-g2d: Buenas noches es para saber el precio del barco gracias feliz noche
  16. @chrisjohnston4400: Money isn’t everything but it beats the hell out of what evers second best
  17. @dennisrogers6786: She is as beautiful as the Yacht
  18. @Hydrnaught: Should be re-named "Its Royal Highness" I've never seen so much crap placed in so little a space.....
  19. @278952: One of the most beautiful ships in the world. She is way above all plastic bathtubs stationed in the marinas all over the Mediterranean. A very classy masterpiece.
  20. @Zweigenhaft9: Hands down the most beautiful yacht I've ever seen in my life, and I grew up around wealthy people. 
For the life of me I will never understand this new age desire the wealthy have for everything to look like a doctor's office waiting room - how are you going to have that much money and be so fucking bland. Baffles me!!

- We Stayed on Tommy Hilfiger's $46,000,000 Mega Yacht: Kind: captions Language: en - [Mikey] Okay, we are good to go. - We're rolling right now? - [Mikey] Rolling everything. - Great. Would you like me to call you Mr. Hilfiger or Tommy in the video? - Tommy. - Tommy, perfect. We took a four day trip to the Bahamas to stay aboard Tommy Hilfiger's yacht, Flag. From the moment we arrived, the experience was incredible. This is our backdrop. It's pretty amazing. Over our four days aboard, we had amazing meals, toured the yacht like we always do, enjoyed the beautiful blue Bahamian waters and even got a chance to interview Tommy and his wife Dee. - We're also foodies, so we love our chef and love eating on the boat. You might ask him if you like Japanese food, ask him for Nobu night. - Yeah. - Really? - Yeah - I'm so glad we said yes to Nobu night. Our whole team was overwhelmed by how incredible the experience was. - I'm fairly new to the team. I just started in November. To already have an experience like this on board Tommy Hilfiger's yacht is something I never thought I'd be able to achieve in my life. - I don't know if it's possible, but I hope this video truly captures the incredible experience it was to stay aboard Flag. (upbeat music) Everything about this experience was incredible. The food, the picturesque views and the hospitality of the crew on board made this trip unforgettable. I'm so excited to share our experiences with all of you, and now let's begin. (ice shaking) - Here we go Whiskey Sour. - That is so good. Would you like some focaccia? - Sure. - All right everyone, we're gonna start our tour on the main deck aft. We are here in the Bahamas. Our views are fantastic. This is our anchorage for the next three days and I'm so excited to be here. We got this amazing yacht. Life's good. - [Mikey] Yeah, it has been almost exactly a year since we were last in the Bahamas. A little bit over. Ever since we were last here I've been dreaming of coming back. The color of the water, the weather, it's really I think one of the most beautiful places I've ever been. - Everything, it's so nice out here. And before we go to the seating area, we actually have a passerelle here. Access to the side deck. That staircase takes you up to the bridge deck and we're gonna cover that space later. Now coming to the seating area, comfortable chairs and sofas, few ottomans, really nice oversized table in the center. You can see the built-in seating area on this side. And the color palette, textures, pillows, details. It's so cozy. It's so timeless. We have two staircases going down to the Beach Club, which we will cover later in the tour, and coming back here, two built-ins. Sink is on the left hand side and we have a built-in fridge here, stocked with water and Pellegrino. Now before we leave the main deck aft, I gotta mention, this yacht is in immaculate condition. It's meticulously maintained. If you look around, the furniture, deck hardware, deck floors, everything is polished to perfection. It's so clean and it's just a very impressive vessel. Above we have cove lighting with recessed lighting, speakers, security cameras, everything you need. And that's pretty much it for the main deck aft. Now let's go this way. We have these motorized sliding glass doors opening up to the main salon. Phenomenal space, love the sectional couch, two chairs, plush carpet. It's very quiet in here. We have the bar on the other side, massive windows bring in natural light. I love the accessories and details on this side. And obviously to complement the space here we have this dual elevation bar. It's all leather wrapped, bar stools. And behind these leather wrapped panels, we actually have a TV. These are motorized doors, push of a button, they just open up, you move the stools out of the way and you can watch TV from your couch. Really nice. Now Mikey, why don't you go to the other side so we can show everyone the bar. You have your sink, refrigerators, few drawers. And over here we have a display for the bar. Check this out. Look at all the spirits here. Phenomenal. - [Mikey] There are some really nice bottles of Scotch, Whiskey, Cognac in there. I do not know the specifics of them, but I know that a 21 year old Glenlivet is a nice scotch. - It's a pretty strong lineup. - [Mikey] Yeah. - Right. And check this out. Let's go to the other side, by the way, hardware, old locks. And coming here we have the cigar. Here we are, let's see. Smells incredible by the way. - And there you go. - [Mikey] I can't say I know as much about cigars, but I'm sure they're also very nice. - And that's it for the main salon seating area. Now Mikey, let's take everybody this way. On the other side, we have the formal dining room. Now before I talk about the details here, I actually want to talk about the yacht for a second. It's a Feadship delivered in 2000. It's been through a couple major refits since 2000. I think the last refit was completed in 2022. It's 62.3 meters long, 10.8 meter beam, 1078 gross tons. It has seven state rooms in total. We have six guest state rooms on the lower level. And we have the owner's state room on this level. It's available for charter in the Mediterranean during summer, and it's available for charter in the Caribbean during winter. We'll put the rates on the screen as well. And it's also on the market for sale with an asking price of 46 million dollars. I want to give big thanks to the owners, Tommy Hilfiger and Dee Hilfiger for having us on board. And I also want to give big thanks to the listing brokerage, Burgess for putting this trip together. We're excited to be here and we'll have more information about this yacht in the description of this video. We've been touring a lot of yachts on our channel over the last few years and learning the cruise. Understanding the industry taught us a lot. So I want to understand, how did you get into yachting in the first place? - Oh, I was chartering yachts for many years. My friend built a yacht and the yacht was pretty fantastic. So I bought it and it was called Faith before. - Okay. - And now I changed it to Flag. The reason I changed it to Flag is because my logo of my company is a red, white, and blue flag. And actually because of my company, I was able to buy the yacht. I've done a lot to it already. New AV, new air conditioning, new galley, new tenders, new toys. I keep it in impeccable condition. The chef is amazing, on another level. The crew is incredibly experienced and professional and my family looks at them as family. - Now Mikey, let's flow this way. Welcome to the dining room. Beautiful oval table in the center, seating for 12. I love this chrome in lay design. Above we also have oval cove lighting, chandelier, recessed lights. And Mikey, can we bring everybody to this side? We have this really cool art piece. It's called Portal. It was delivered to this yacht two years ago. You can actually turn it off and it looks like a mirror box and it actually matches the looks of the TVs that we have in the guest state rooms, the ones that I've showed you. Now looking around, we have built-in cabinetry, beautiful wood tones. And can we also get a closeup here? Look at the glassware here, how it's perfectly organized, tucked behind this cabinet. - [Mikey] This is one of the things that I love about yachts is everything is meticulously organized because these are constantly moving and changing locations. So you have to be very thought out in the way that you place your glassware. - Well said. All right, before we leave the dining area, we have this hallway taking us to the galley. - Hi, welcome to the galley. My name's Josh. This is the real engine room of the boat. - Josh is not only the master of the galley, but also an expert of creating the most incredible dishes I've ever tasted. During our trip, Josh was responsible for cooking all of our meals, providing a truly unforgettable culinary experience. He's been the secret ingredient that made our yacht trip even more enjoyable. - So we're a team of two chefs and we cook for both crew and guests. We got a team of 17 crew and we can cater for up to 14 guests on board. This is a small compact galley, but it packs a lot of punch and it has a lot of top of the range equipment. We got the double Rational ovens, in my opinion the best ovens you can have. We got the burner salamander grill, six burner inductions. These are five kilowatt. Typically they're usually around three and a half, so they're very powerful. Great for doing things quickly. We have a grill and a fat fry. We got integrated fridges and a fridge freezer in the corner here as well. I was a chef in restaurants for a long period before. Being a yacht chef is somewhat different, but obviously you rely on your cooking skills. - We love our chef and love eating on the boat, but have Josh make you an American barbecue. - One night. - And his breads, our chef is like really incredible making homemade breads. - And she really wasn't wrong about the breads. I really can't praise the chef enough on this yacht. Every morning our breakfast would be waiting for us buffet style, anything we could want was there. Breads, pastries, yogurts, fresh honey dripping from the comb. And any hot breakfast we wanted would be ordered as soon as we sat down as well. Good morning everyone. Day three. Well technically this is our second full day. We started off early today. We're about to have our breakfast and something about waking up in a yacht, walking outside, looking at your surroundings. It's incredible. I'm super excited for today. Needless to say, we're gonna eat some really good food right now and get our day going. The breakfast we had every morning was absolutely incredible. But more than anything, it was a time for us to gather and reflect on the incredible experience we were all having together. - Erman was like hey you, me, heart. (laughing) - [Enes] how was that communicated. - And then we do it and I'd be all the way across. He'd be like, hey. - And Jayson's flying drone. - Oh yeah, I mean Jayson's stuck. Go up. And he listened to me right away. - You're like- - His culinary skills and passion for cooking are evident in every meal he prepares. As you'll see later in the tour when we try out Nobu night on Tommy's recommendation. - Tonight I think we're gonna do a little Asian theme. So a little nod to Nobu, give you guys a few little treats. So hopefully you enjoy that. - And I have to say, the meals that come out of the galley are insane. Now let's go here. We have this door opening up to the staircase landing, wood paneled walls, stone floors. This hallway takes you to the owner's state room. This door right here opens up to a day head and coming back to the staircase, it looks phenomenal. I love how it opens up on the bottom, but as it goes up it kind of tapers off beautifully. Look at the curvature and the wood paneling, chrome railing, leather top. The design of the staircase, they have this carpet top and they have these chrome, I guess carpet holders. - [Mikey] There has to be a term for that, although I don't know what it is. - Let us know in the comment section below. - And it just looks so exquisite, so timeless. And lastly, between these two wall sconces, we have this door opening up to the elevator. It's a nice convenience to have since this yacht has four levels and this elevator goes to all of them. Overall, very spacious and bright landing. And now I want to take this staircase so we can continue our tour on the lower level. We have six guest state rooms here, elevator landing, and we're gonna start our tour with the first guest state room here. Full size bed on this side with a padded back wall, single bed here. Same wood tones are also brought to this room. Built-in desk, two port holes. And in front of that we have the leather wrapped motorized shades. Very spacious, very cozy. This yacht also has zero speed stabilizers, so it's very calm and it's very comfortable to be in the lower level. Alright, let's check out the bathroom. Beautiful natural stone floors. They brought the same stone on the walls here, built-in tub, chrome fixtures, mosaic inlay and they use the same mosaic as a border design on the floors. Vanities, cabinetry, chrome handles, everything looks so timeless. It's such a beautiful yacht. Now that's it for the first guest state room. I'm gonna go to the other side. We have the second guest state room here. Pretty much the same layout. Super cozy. And you ready for this? This guest state room and the room that we just toured have these- - [Mikey] Very cool. - How cool is that? - [Mikey] I like that a lot. - They even have a built-in LED lighting. - [Mikey] See I knew you were gonna do that at some point cuz I knew these were here, but this is the first time I've actually seen 'em down. I really like this. - Such a clever detail. - I love it. And of course this state room has its own full bathroom. Two sinks, built in tub here, behind me we have two port holes just for the bathroom. Floors are heated. It's a really nice bathroom. - [Mikey] Very nice. - Now let's go back to the hallway. This hallway is actually very long since we have six state rooms, these two cabinets are in the center point of the lower deck. Let's continue our tour with this one. King size bed. Padded back wall again, two port holes. And before I talk more about this room, I actually want to grab the camera from Mikey because this is actually where Mikey stays. - Hello, welcome again. I'm Mikey. One year to the date almost, we were in the Bahamas. I did this exact same thing. So a lot about this room that I like. Enes has talked about the mosaic tile floors. most things in here, but there's a few- - [Enes] I might have covered a lot of details. - There's a few things he hasn't talked about though, starting with one of my favorite details. Enes, bring it over here. If you open this closet door, each of these rooms has independent thermostats. So if you do want your room colder or warmer than the rest, like I would like mine colder, you can adjust your temperature. Number two, recessed ceiling. Nice. Did we talk about the TVs? Because I know we brought that up earlier in the tour. - [Enes] I was gonna cover it in my room. - We'll cover that in Enes's room. Let's see, thermostat check, all well and good. Bathroom. Let's go take a look. Enes talked about the mosaic tile floors. Another thing he didn't talk about, which I really like, automatic blinds in all the bathrooms, which is very cool. The first night we stayed on this yacht, we were actually in a port in Nassau. So my bedroom was right up against the dock. And these blinds really added another level of privacy to my experience. - [Enes] Do you enjoy staying here? - Of course I enjoy staying. Who wouldn't enjoy staying here? Look at this. - [Enes] I just wanted to ask. - This is Tommy Hilfiger's yacht. As we walk around you'll see that like everything isn't branded, but the color schemes match and like everything just has its kind of unification to the design and the color palette. Like I did last year, like I feel deeply uncomfortable, if I could have the camera back please. - All right, there you go. And this is Mikey's room. All right, let's go to the other side. This is where I stay. Guest state room number four also comes with a king size bed. And like Mikey said, sheets, pillows, beds, everything on this yacht is so comfortable. And I have two details. Number one, let me start here. So on yachts you wanna make sure you maximize every bit of space, right? Let me see if I can open this one. - [Mikey] Okay, trying to top my details. - That's right. There's another one right here. All right, let's show these mirror TVs, right? So you have your own iPad, one for each room. Welcome to Flag. You swipe up, TV, Apple TV. There you go. - [Mikey] Palais Venetian. - Yup. Cannes South of France. - [Mikey] That's right. - And actually lemme turn it off, just like that. Incredible, right? - [Mikey] I didn't know those were there last night so I'll probably use those tonight. - There you go. All right, come this way. They have a nice built-in desk here or dressing table, wifi cards for each one of the rooms. I'm gonna cover the code. - [Mikey] I noticed that last night, very cool. - It's Flag branded. And these rooms also have ton of storage space, built-in cabinetry on that side, as well as here. And let's go this way. We have the full bathroom. These bathrooms are very nice, cozy. You have heated floors again with mosaic details. Two port holes on this side, two sinks. You know what this yacht or these finishes remind me of? - [Mikey] What's up? - Nero. - [Mikey] Oh yeah, we toured a yacht at Monaco Yacht Show Nero. It had just massive guest cabins and- - It's just like the design elements and the theme. - [Mikey] Exactly. - It reminds me, it's another Burgess listing. - [Mikey] Yeah, a lot of wood finishes, very kind of timeless, elegant design, you know. - Absolutely. Just a beautiful bathroom. All right Mikey, let's go back to the hallway. We actually have another really nice detail here. Come into this side. We have a nice hallway landing, some built-in cabinetry, another built-in fridge for the guests. And let's continue. Two more guest state rooms. I guess let's continue with the one on the left hand side. Comes with a king size bed. I believe this room and the room next door are a little bit wider comparing to our rooms. Padded back wall, built-in cabinetry. Two port holes. By the way, lower level gets great natural light. And around the corner we have a dressing table. Full bathroom just like the other cabins. And that's it for the fifth guest state room. Now let's go check out the room on the other side. I don't know how many times I said king size bed, but this one also has a king size bed. One of the unique aspects of this yacht, the fact that we have seven state rooms, a lot of times yachts this size have six state rooms. Honestly this yacht is perfect for families. I gotta say, it's so cozy, so comfortable, so timeless. It's one of those yachts you're buying, you keep it in the family for a long time. Now before we end our tour here, I want to mention one more thing. This yacht has a crew of 17 and their staff quarters and their common areas are also on the lower level, but detached from the guest suites. - Hi, I'm Bea and I'm the second stew on board. Enes told me that you guys wanna see how it looks in the crew areas. So follow me in here. And this is my cabin I'm sharing with another stewardess. I love this room cuz it's just so cozy and I'm sharing it with my best friend, so that's great. Everyone shares with another person in the crew. In total with 17 people. So our shifts work, when we have guests on board, we work 13 hours a day with a two hours rest. Then we always have different times of breaks. So we'll have the cabin for ourself. Guests off we work Monday to Friday, eight to four. And if we have time off, we either be here or we are down in the crew mess. So this is a common crew area. This is where we have all our meals, breakfast, lunch, dinner, play board games. Just have fun with our second family in the crew. One of the perks with being in the crew mess is all this delicious food the chefs make for us that we can snack through the whole day. It's pretty straightforward. I love working on this yacht. You've seen where we sleep, now you've seen where we eat and I hope you enjoyed it. let's go check out the Beach Club, which is an exciting area. We have the outdoor shower here. All the toys are laid out right now and we're gonna talk about them in a second. And turning back we can see the Flag name sign, comfortable space here and going through this door we have the garage. This is where they store some of the toys. Two E-foils, wakeboards and skis above, paddle boards, some gear, snorkeling equipment on this side. And personally I'm really excited for this guy right here. - [Mikey] What is that? - It's a jet surfboard, but it looks super cool and yeah, it's a nice space. Like I said, they store most of the toys here, but I believe jet skis go on the bow and they have garages for the two tenders. Now let's go back outside so we can see the lineup. They set up this obstacle course for us, which looks like a lot of fun. You have a ramp, upside down trampoline, bridge, rock climbing wall and a slide. We should give this a go in a few minutes. After this A-cam round. - [Mikey] Not we should, we will. - Let's go. We will. I have a feeling it's gonna get competitive. (splashing) I'm just saying. And behind that we have a aquabana, pretty smart aqua, cabana, mix 'em together. - [Mikey] I didn't put that together, I've actually never seen one of those before. It's like a little floating cabana. - And behind that is what we are really looking forward to today. Two SeaDoo jet skis. And I'm not talking about those base model jet skis, I'm talking about the real deal and I'm really excited. Jet skis, Bahamas- - [Mikey] Blue water. - Blue water, come on. Does it get better? What are your some of your favorite things to do on the yacht? - Well definitely swim. I love to swim. So what I love to do is try to find the most beautiful swim areas. I love clear water because I like to see what's underneath me. So I find like little shallow clean pools and swim and snorkel. That's my favorite. And then I love all the toys. I love like the E-foils and the jet skis. And I like water skiing and I love all the sports and activities. - There's something very, very special about the Bahamas, the scenery, the color of the water, the sand here and all of it coming together makes this place in my opinion one of the most beautiful places in the world. On any real charter experience a must have is a variety of sea toys and Flag definitely didn't disappoint. - We usually work super hard in our trips and it's hard to get on the water because we need to do so many stuff. But this time we had a lot of time and we spent a great time on the water. - It felt incredible to finally jump into the ocean because the water is so crystal blue, you're surrounded by it 24/7 and all you wanna do is just put on your bathing suit and jump in. - We use the water toys, we use sea bobs, we use jet skis. I love riding jet skis because I really feel the nature. I really like to feel the wind, the water splashing my face. I really love it and I really love to go fast. (motor revving) - The jets here are incredibly fast. - These were very powerful. I was shredding the waters and it was absolutely amazing. - They even set up an obstacle course for us and we discovered that our new guy Collin was a force to be reckoned with. (water splashing) - What the hell. - Got right up there. - Obstacle course is definitely not my forte. We also found out that Collin is a pretty good obstacle course guy. He like went through that thing in no time. Regardless, this setup is actually quite fun. I'm going back out there. As much as I would've liked to spend all day out there enjoying those toys, we came here to tour a yacht and not show everyone how much we need a sun tan. So let's continue our tour with the owner stateroom, which is located on the main deck. These double doors open up. First space we have is the study. Built in desk. Again, everything is Flag branded. I love that. We have this beautiful library here, LED lit, books, everything proportions, accessories, just looks very nice. Now follow me this way. Welcome to the bedroom itself. It's full beam, super spacious. I just love how bright it is. We have the first seating area here, picture windows on each side. Of course you have your motorized shades and right in the center of the room we have the king size bed, padded back wall, love the curved molding detail above with more recessed lighting. And if you look around, all the corners are curved as well. It kind of softens up the feel of the room. Then you have a pop-up TV here. I personally really like this detail because you can leave the room open like this or whenever you wanna watch TV you can simply raise it. Space is very elegant. I think the interior designer here, Chahan Minassian did a fantastic job. I feel like this yacht is gonna age so beautifully. Like 20 years down the road it's gonna look this elegant and yeah, just a beautiful bedroom. And let's check out the bathrooms. - We have the first one here. Again, beautiful stone textures, vanities on this side with the makeup area here, picture window. Then you have a built-in tub, bidet toilet. They even have cove lighting here. - Now before we go check out the second bathroom, I actually wanna open this door a little bit more. This is the walk in closet, definitely good size. And the first detail I wanna talk about here, Are the hangers. Can we get a close up? We have never seen this detail on any yacht or any house. They have built-in LED lighting on the hangers. - That probably subtly highlights all your clothes. - [Mikey] It's behind you also. I don't- - Oh yeah, I could have shown that I guess. I got so excited as soon as I saw it I was like what an exquisite detail. - And obviously it's super spacious. You have some drawers here, glass shelves, mirror back walls. Really nice closet. Now right on the other side we have the second bathroom. Again stone floors that are heated. Vanity is on this side with mirror fronts, your sink, generous countertop space, medicine cabinets, LED lighting, makeup lighting. And then we have this glass partition wall here separating the walk-in shower. I'm going in there. Hidden drain, bench. Look how many body sprays they have. Rain head above. But you know the most impressive thing in this bathroom, how every single hardware and chrome piece is polished. - [Mikey] Yeah, it's extremely clean. - Extremely clean. I cannot see a single water spot on any of the fixtures. I'm not just talking about shower heads. Look how perfect the window frame here looks. And back to the crew, they've been nothing but like fantastic the entire time we've been here. Yacht crews in general have have more attention to detail I think than any group of people on the planet. - But I do think this crew stands out a little bit more. - And they've been great and it shows how much pride they take in their work. Yeah, this is a beautiful walk-in shower. Amazing owner state room. And with that, we're done on this level. Now let's go up, so we can check out the bridge deck. Welcome to the bridge deck aft. Another beautiful outdoor space. Built in seating here. Retractable awning above. Teak decking. And we are in the Bahamas. I'm really enjoying our time here. Now right in the center of the bridge deck aft we have this dining table seating for six. And this is where we've been having most of our meals, lunches, dinners. We're a little bit more elevated on this level. Better views. It's just a really nice dining area. Of course, since we had so many meals at this table, we're gonna have to talk a little bit more about the food. Mikey and I spent a lot of time on these videos shooting my walkthrough, but we don't usually get the opportunity to break away in the middle of the day and have an incredible multiple course meal. All right, this is our first lunch on board. They served this Greek salad, fennel salad, salmon, chicken, and the meals are incredible. Dishes are really nice. Beautiful day and so far we did the first part of the walkthrough. Now we're gonna do the second part. It's a good day, vibes are good and I'm gonna get back to work. As memorable as lunches were, they had a little surprise for us in store for our final lunch aboard Flag. Get our plates ready for this. A full on Parmesan wheel pasta experience. Don't forget the oversized pepper mill. - Zoe's gonna be so mad. - Thank you. - As always, the food was perfectly executed and the staff always made us feel so welcome and relaxed. - How much does that thing weigh? Let's be real. - Oh, it's a lot. - Especially Leandra, the chief stewardess. She has a very interesting and important job. Think of her as the ambassador for the entire guest experience. - Hi, my name is Leandra, I'm the chief stewardess on Flag. My role on board is to ensure that we provide a high end service to guests and I manage the interior. - She's almost like the onboard concierge, planning and scheduling any of the activities the guests may want to experience on board. - I enjoy working on Flag because the crew I feel make the experience. There's a good energy between the crew. We all get along really well and we make every situation fun. So I think the guests can feel this energy and they feed off it too, which really enhances their experience. - I could praise her all day for her attention to detail, but again, we have a tour to get back to. - Now on the other side we have this built-in cabinetry. That's a pop-up TV by the way. - [Mikey] Really? - Yeah, the entire top comes up and that's where they hide the TV. So you get this kind of like clean look. - [Mikey] I did not even know that at all. - No, I know it looks very deceiving. - You would just assume it's another- - [Mikey] I thought maybe full of more like sparkling water, you know? - Well that's on the other side. - [Mikey] Okay. - We have a built-in fridge and a sink. So you have a nice bar there. More seating areas. This staircase comes up from the main deck aft. Look at all the details here with the railing, curved glass. And this staircase takes you up to the sun deck, which we'll see in a bit. A lots happening even on this level. Another motorized sliding glass door opening up to the sky lounge. Sectional couch, coffee table in the center. That looks like a art piece, right? There's actually a TV behind that as well. - [Mikey] That's what I heard, but I have no idea how this works. - I haven't seen it either. Guess what? You and I are figuring this out. Let's see, Flag. - [Mikey] IPad back there I assume? Okay. - They weren't kidding. That's a very nice touch. And this space is super cozy. You have a table here with a few chairs, massive windows looking out to the views. And on the other side they have a bar for the sky lounge. And I've been told that they also have special cocktails and it just shows how far crew on board is willing to go to make your vacation or your charter experience special. A lot of times when we tour these yachts, we have these massive salons and we always see these bars, but we've never gotten the opportunity to actually sit down and have a drink, and that's what we're doing tonight. - The staff will serve these custom curated cocktails to the guests. I ended up getting Sandra, our social media manager, and Jayson, one of our videographers, to kind of be the Guinea pigs to taste the cocktails for us. - That's really good. - I don't taste that much alcohol actually. - There's your Lychee Martini. - That is really good. - Here we go, Whiskey Sour. - This is my drink of choice that I share with my uncle when we go on uncle niece nights. That's really good, my uncle would be proud. - I think this is my favorite. - And this is the sky lounge. Now back to the staircase landing. Again, very spacious elevator going up to the sun deck and following here, door opens up to a day head. You gotta have one for each level. - And let's continue our tour. Now we have this long hallway. This door opens up to the wheelhouse. We have the captain's quarter on our right hand side. Staff staircase and last door opens up to the wheelhouse itself. I gotta say this is up there with some of the biggest wheelhouses we've ever seen on the yachts that we toured. There's actually a partition wall here, seating on the other side. We have some maps here, navigation equipment. There's actually even an office here for the captain I believe. It's nice that they have their own space like this. - [Mikey] Yeah, really cool. - Within the wheelhouse. The wheelhouse is the captain's domain. And since we're trying to give you all the full experience, we have to bring Captain Patrick in and ask him a few questions. I gotta say, this has to be the most comfortable- - [Captain Patrick] It is. - Seat we've ever tried in a wheelhouse. So I'm wondering if anybody falls asleep? - It's a great feature. It's a good spot to sit when you're on watch. It's a good spot to have guests and kids come up here and hang out and check out the view while we're steaming. We've also got this air conditioning system that- - Oh yeah. - Pumps cold air straight onto this spot, wakes people up if they're feeling tired. But yeah, it's a nice comfortable spot. - And this is where we have most of our screens, radars, navigation equipment, autopilot. Give us a little bit of a breakdown. - You know, one of the questions I want to ask, and I roughly know what it is, but what does the bow thruster do? - So the bow thruster is basically just a big propeller that's mounted in the hull below the water line. And it just enables you to push the bow left or right using this little joystick here. - I guess it comes in really handy when you're on a port or you're just tight situation to navigate. - Exactly, yup. For just from maneuvering in tight spots. Yup. - And those two screens, one on the left, one on the right, those are your radars, right? - Yup, so two radars, X Band and S Band. - What's the difference? - So basically this is sort of better in close quarters and that's kind of year long range radar. - And that basically helps you see who's around you, what kind of vessels are around you and make sure you're safe. - Yep, yep, exactly. They'll pick up islands, boats, whatever is around you and just display it on the screen here so that you can avoid them. - Can we talk about the engine and kind of like the performance aspects of this yacht? - Yep. So maximum speed is sort of 16 knots, maybe up to 17 if we're flat chart. Cruising speed 40 knots, we burn about 450 liters an hour. - [Enes] Okay. - At cruising speed. - Getting to talk to the captain about the performance aspect of this yacht really piqued my interest even more. So next we're gonna go to the engine room to talk to the chief engineer. Now this is one good looking engine room. considering the fact that this yacht is 22 years old, this place looks immaculate. You guys keep it in perfect shape. And I'm also realizing there are a lot of spaces and walkways, so it's really comfortable to walk around this engine room. I'm assuming that comes in really handy when it comes to servicing the engines or the other equipment. - Yeah, exactly. It's a really good layout from Feadship. They always think about where they position their machinery and try and give you as much access to the working parts. So it makes it easy for us to maintain the systems. - Amazing. And I see two massive Caterpillar engines. Can you give us a little bit of a rundown? So on board Flag we have two Caterpillar 3516 men engines. They produce 2000 horsepower of drive for the boat. So combined 4,000 horsepower. - Can we actually go down there? I wanna look at these engines close by. - Yeah, let's do it. - Normally on these tours we don't really get someone like you who walks around with us to talk about all the details. This engine looks massive, but can you briefly explain some of the dials here, some of the components and parts? I just want to have a basic understanding of the assembly. - So when you're looking at this engine, you can see right here we've got the sort of the startup and control. You have some analog dials here where you can monitor oil pressure, jacket water temperature, things like that. When you're looking at the engine, some of the big things you see straight away of this shiny section just here, that's actually the crank case breather filter, so the engine can breathe while it's running. And you've also got at the front, you've got the jacket water header tank, so that's carrying the jacket water coolant for the engine. - Got it. - And then as you look around the engine, you see things like they're sewing the heads. So we have 16 of these. And the nice thing with these is we have them all chromed and they look nice. So- - Now a lot of the yachts that we toured, most of them have Caterpillar engines. So I know these engines are not like really one-offs, but still they're very unique assemblies. How do you learn to work on an engine this size? Do you go to Caterpillar, get trained by them or it's just mechanical knowledge that you've accumulated over the years? - Yeah, it's a little bit of both really. You can go and do an engine management course on these engines. So Caterpillar run courses where you can turn up at caterpillar and they'll teach you about this engine, but an engine's an engine and over the years you learn how these things work. And you build that knowledge up by being at sea working now for 25 years, so it's just knowledge gained over years of working on engines and- (calm music) The first thing I wanna talk about here is the wing station. Let's see. This is a big yacht. So you want to make sure when you're docking, when you are near something that you don't damage the vessel. - You have too explain to everyone, this is basically a very simplified version of the wheelhouse right next to us. - Exactly. - If the captain needs to see the dock and the edge of the boat while he's docking up, he can. That's what the wings station is for. Now, let's go this way. This yacht has a massive bow, but before we talk about that, I gotta talk about our surroundings, the color of the ocean, the peace and tranquility here. And I gotta give big thanks to Burgess for putting this shoot together. The scenery, the yacht, our experience here, I'm loving it. - [Mikey] Yeah, this is an incredible experience and it's all thanks to them, but honestly any excuse I have to go to the Bahamas I will take because it is awesome out here. - I'll take it too. Well said Mikey. All right, let's continue. Right in front of us we have the bow. In the center we can see the forward standing light as well as the anchor light anchoring mechanisms. You have the crane, this is also where they store the two jet skis. And on the right hand side we have the rescue boat. And again, I gotta commend the crew here. It's spotless out here and yeah, looks incredible from this angle. Flag was built in the year 2000 by the iconic Dutch ship yard Feadship who's well known as one of the industry's leaders for their build quality and innovation. What made you want to have a Feadship? - Same reason I want a Mercedes. I mean they're the best in the world. The quality of workmanship is second to none. - And there's something about Feadship. I think Feadship and Lürssen are like two companies that are so iconic and something about their design. You can just tell it apart so easily. - [Tommy Hilfiger] Yes. - Although it was built 23 years ago, it still has an elegant and sleek look, which is a testament to Feadship's timeless design. Notice all the portholes we have on the lower decks for the guest cabins and the crew quarters. It's a design choice that provides plenty of natural light and creates an open and airy feel for anyone staying on the lower deck. One of my favorite design details are the angled roof lines that taper off and add an elegant touch to yachts profile. Every level is designed to have plenty of outdoor space, which makes them perfect at outdoor seating and dining areas while maximizing the views from each level. The design of Flag is timeless, and with the build quality, continued care and attention to detail from the Hilfiger family and crew, Flag will continue to stand the test of time. All right everyone, last level. Welcome to the sun deck. We're gonna start our tour on the aft. We have another dining area here, lounging chairs. These umbrellas are super cool. They're mounted to the walls there. And I also like the railing design here. It kind of leans, it follows that roof line on the aft side of the yacht and another seating area here. More seating, a lot of seating areas on this yacht, I gotta say. - [Mikey] There like 12 guests you said, right? - Yes. According to the charter rules. - According to the charter rules, you could easily have a party here and have 150 people on this yacht. - A couple hundred I would say. - [Mikey] Yeah, easily. No problem. - Very easily. Another awning design. And this section is super cool in my opinion. We have a gas grill here. Sorry, charcoal grill actually. It's not gas. - Yeah, it is actually a charcoal grill. They have a pizza oven behind that cabinet right there. In fact, tonight we're gonna have a pizza night. So I'm really excited. I'm assuming we're gonna have it here. Now we've toured a lot of yachts over the last few years, but we rarely see a pizza oven on board. And it was a perfect demonstration of the chef's skill and ability to produce a variety of meals. I love the diversity of the pizzas. It's so different. - The crust is like super fluffy. - I know the crusts amazing. - Collin, I want your authentic like full perspective of like being on a yacht, eating food, everything. - The whole experience. - You've never been on a yacht before. - Like I don't even, I don't even have like that right there. That was, I don't, there's literally not words like I can't even fathom. It's almost like not even real yet. - Thank you very much. Get the gold flakes. We gotta work up the arm twist. - I'll do it again. I have a better idea, why don't you turn the bowl. - Ready? - Go. We gotta work on that arm twist. - That's a lot. - Oh, the cookies. - Oh this is thank you guys. - I have to record your reaction to it. - So during lunch today they serve these white chocolate macadamia cookies. Mikey and I had to miss the lunch because we were shooting. Everybody said they're really good too. - [Mikey] It was like best cookie I've ever had. - Oh my God, please tell the chef, legit this is the best cookie I've ever had in my life. - I told you. (opera singing) - This is insanity. Oh my- - [Tommy Hilfiger] If - [Dee Hilfiger] Yeah. - [Enes] Really? - [Tommy Hilfiger] Yeah. - We had a lot of incredible food aboard Flag, but nothing prepared us for this. This wasn't just a meal, it was an artistic expression. Everybody cheers, good job. - Cheers. - Yes, cheers. (glasses clinking) - This was our final meal of the trip and I can't think of a better way for it to have ended. It's up there with some of the best meals Not just seafood, not just dinner. It was incredible. It consisted of around 16 courses, each of them perfectly paired with each other. - [Mikey] I think it was the best Japanese meal I've ever had from a chef on a yacht who was not Japanese. - Oh my god, are you kidding me? You know what's so impressive about this meal? Like we are supposed to have a Nobu night and I have some expectations, right? Some good sushi, maybe an appetizer or two. It's crazy to me and what I cannot wrap my head around it's like a proper replica. Oh, I was like, yeah, we're gonna have like a few sushi rolls, you know. - Like how out of that kitchen we get like a commercial service here. I think it's safe to say that we were wildly impressed, but more than anything, I feel like this meal reflected our entire experience aboard Flag. I'm so glad we said yes to Nobu night. - I'm actually struggling to finish everything, but I'm pushing through because I need to taste every single thing that they hand out and then some and then dessert, which I'm super excited for. - I've never tasted anything like this in my life. It's like a Pana cotta. - [Erman] This is - This is the best dessert I've ever had. Like 100%. - 100%, look at that. - Mmm. - A perfect way to describe our Nobu night experience. And then we have these motorized sliding glass doors opening up to the landing. This door opens up to a full bathroom with a walk in shower. And on the other side we have the staircase, elevator, and coming right here, another set of motorized open up to the second part of the sun deck. I love this space. Comes with two built-in seating areas, a few chairs, awnings above, glass railing to take nothing away from the views. And right in the center we have this oversized jacuzzi with a glass front. You just get in, relax, enjoy this yacht. And I just love the elevation here. Since we are on the top deck, you can see the surroundings very clearly and we are here in the Bahamas. I feel so fortunate that we got the opportunity to stay on board to tour this yacht and share our experiences with all of you. I really enjoyed our time here. Between the scenery and the amazing crew and this incredible yacht and all of it coming together was fantastic. - I just really loved it. That was one of the best experience I had. - This is a memory I will eternally be grateful for and will remember for the rest of my life. - As night fell on our last night on Flag, I couldn't help but feel grateful for the incredible experience. Tommy Hilfiger's passion for design and excellence brought him to the top of his industry and his super yacht was a reflection of the success he had achieved. experience was top of the line. And I hope we've done a good job conveying it in this video. I was inspired by his willingness to share his story and give us a small glimpse into his lifestyle. This was truly a moment that me and the rest of the team will never forget. that's it from Motor Yacht Flag. Hope you all enjoy this video. Captain Patrick and his crew were fantastic. They took care of us so well and we really enjoyed our time here. Now I want to give big thanks to the owners, Tommy Hilfiger and Dee Hilfiger for having us on board and sharing their thoughts with us. And I also wanna give big thanks to the listing brokerage Burgess for putting this trip together and making this video possible. Like we said earlier, this yacht is available for charter and it is also on the market for sale. And you can find more information Now, if you enjoyed this tour, make sure to give us a like, subscribe to our channel and we'll see you guys next week.

  Top Comments:
  1. @EnesYilmazer [19 likes]: We are so excited to personally invite you to our Patreon where we are thrilled to open the doors of our business and invite you all behind the camera:  http://patreon.com/c/EnesYilmazer
  2. @juddbaer4580 [1 likes]: Bring Mikey back
  3. @Максим-л4м5ы: Совсем ничего, что выделяло бы это судно от других не видно . Кроссовки и майки, возможно Томми соображает как делать , яхты явно не его уровень .
  4. @ericpeterson4657: I keep playing back Enes eating that cookie, his reaction is priceless LOL.😮
  5. @lesleymolf198: Tommy Hilfiger face looks like the plastic artificial face from the  2000 horror movie Hollow man..  anyway nice video
  6. @julianeluisa8916: Um iate sem piscina e hidro ...Isso desvaloriza muito.
  7. @DuuleyRS: 😀
  8. @MANOFPEACE-75: Just BEAUTIFUL 😍 🛳
  9. @tetalexander: Nice nice, Enes.
  10. @luiscristaldo9198: Min 19:37 Bea😍... best part of the video❤
  11. @philcowdall9399: That is a lot of Cohibas in that humidor!     ps the metal pieces holding the carpet on the stairs are called stair rods. Ever heard the phrase 'it's raining stair rods'  ?
  12. @vandycksanchez944: 28:27 Crew mate hand slipped "Oh no I'm on camera must act normal." Then hand slipped trying to grab the rope haha. No hate just quite funny.
  13. @sunnyhill5119: The yacht named Nero, after the Roman Emperor who killed his own mother, is totally BADASS.  Living up to its name 😀👊😁😆
  14. @pamutbojt: what is the name of the chef after all the compliments he got it would be nice to know
  15. @Gizamalukeix: I have some questions. Why is this considered a "mega yacht"? I'm pretty sure yachts are supposed to be big inside. And what's with this guy not owning a single pair of shoes!!!?? Bro, you can't be that damn poor and you're gonna make the whole boat smell like foot.

The back doors are cool but take forever to open. Can you imagine a power outage or having to run in from someone chasing you? You're fucked. Why would they need them to open quickly you might be asking...why are there security cameras? Answered your question. 

Then the chef is wearing girl shorts and a dress shirt like he's on a zoom call...not the best combination and not sure why he decided that was a good idea in any universe but you do you boo boo. 

Why do they call it a galley or head or whatever because it's a bathroom and kitchen. You don't sound fancy calling it some boat term and this isn't the pirates of the Caribbean. Normal people just call it the shitter. 

Why does the main bedroom's TV look like it teleported from 1996? 

I hope those crew members are making at least $300,000 per year each for treating them like slaves and forcing them to share rooms and and an eating space that's obviously much less luxurious. Like as if they don't deserve luxury. 

The "storage room" is awfully small and those blow up kids toys are gonna attract mold like nobody's business. LoL you gonna dry them out for 3 days hanging on a clothes line or just pull them behind the boat forever? 

Why do they call the girl worker a stewardess like she's on an airplane? Very odd.  

Why are the crew members wearing shorts? First I get the impression they're supposed to look professional and then they wear shorts. At least wear some pants or jeans. Even the dude without shoes has pants on. 

What I've learned from this video is...jack shit. None of it made sense. 

Shoes in the fireplace room but not on the back of the boat, the chef is forced to dress like he's gay, the crew has to share tiny micro sized rooms like abused children and paid probably a shit salary. 

Someone explain it to me.
  16. @meteefe4785: From now on, when I wear my Tommy t-shirt, this yacht will come to mind...
  17. @wildlifebotswana2630: If they invite me to the yacht, i am going. 
I will ask about climate change in my next life.
  18. @MELPOMENEBUSKIN: A selfless rich guy, love to see it. Makes me feel good about buying Tommy.
  19. @TheTmat007: I feel like yacht is a pretty good deal for $45 million. Anyone else agrees?
  20. @DavidSequeira-k2z: Beautiful, elegant and classy.

- Live Report - SNL: Kind: captions Language: en ♪♪♪ >>> ACTION 9 NEWS AT 5:00. EYE ON TAMPA. >> GOOD EVENING. I'M BETH RUNYON. >> AND I'M JACK TRASK. OUR TOP STORY TONIGHT, PANIC IN DOWNTOWN TAMPA. A 70-FOOT-WIDE SINKHOLE OPENED UP IN A WESTFIELD SHOPPING CENTER PARKING LOT. >> ACTION 9'S NEIL McNABB IS LIVE ON THE SCENE, NEIL? >> THANK YOU, BETH. QUITE A CHAOTIC SCENE HERE. EMERGENCY CREWS ARE WORKING HARD TO ASSESS THE DAMAGE. FORTUNATELY NO ONE WAS SERIOUSLY HURT, INCLUDING THESE TWO SHOPPERS. CAN YOU TELL US WHAT HAPPENED? >> YEAH. SORRY, I'M STILL SHAKING. I WAS WALKING TOWARDS MY CAR. AND ALL OF A SUDDEN IT SORT OF FELT LIKE THE GROUND WAS MELTING. >> YEAH, CARS FELL IN, IT WAS CRAZY. I'M JUST VERY HAPPY MY WIFE AND I ARE OKAY. >> THIS IS YOUR WIFE? >> UH, YES. >> YOU TWO ARE MARRIED TO EACH OTHER? >> YES, SIR. >> JUST MAKING SURE I HEARD THAT RIGHT. WELL. A CLOSE CALL HERE TODAY FOR THIS MULTI-MILLIONAIRE AND HIS LOVELY WIFE. >> OH, I'M NOT A MILLIONAIRE. >> OH, I APOLOGIZE. I ASSUMED THAT YOU WERE A VERY WEALTHY MAN. >> YEAH, I WISH. SHE'S KIND OF THE BREADWINNER IN OUR HOUSE. >> WELL, WE'RE A TEAM AND IF I FELT WEIRD ABOUT BEING THE MAIN INCOME EARNER, I WOULDN'T HAVE MARRIED A PUPPETEER. >> HE'S A PUPPET -- I'M SORRY I YELLED. JUST A LOT HAPPENING. >> SO IF YOU CAN HEAR ME THROUGH THE MONITOR THERE, DID YOU SEE HOW MANY VEHICLES FELL INTO THE SINKHOLE? >> AND ALSO, SIR, I'M WONDERING IF YOU HAVE FAMOUS PARENTS OR SOMETHING? >> IT'S A LITTLE LOUD, YOU ASKED HOW MANY CARS FELL IN? I GUESS SEVEN OR EIGHT? >> INCLUDING OUR KIA SPORTAGE. >> YOU DRIVE THIS SMOKESHOW AROUND IN A KIA SPORTAGE? >> ARE YOU MAD AT ME, SIR? >> NO, NO, I'M JUST A LITTLE OVERWHELMED BY THE SCENE HERE TODAY. STILL A LOT OF UNANSWERED QUESTIONS. I'M LIVE IN DOWNTOWN TAMPA WITH, I'M SORRY, WHAT'S YOUR NAME? >> MATT SHATT. [ LAUGHTER ] >> YOUR NAME IS MATT SHATT? >> UH, YES SHATT WITH TWO "Ts." >> DOESN'T MAKE IT ANY BETTER. AND YOU'RE MARRIED TO THIS WOMAN? WHOSE NAME IS? >> ALEXANDRA KENNEDY-SHATT. >> SHE'S A KENNEDY. AND SHE PUT A SHATT ON IT. BACK TO YOU! >> YOU'D THINK WITH THE LAST NAME SHATT HE'D GO WITH MATTHEW, RIGHT? >> YEAH, I DON'T KNOW. JOINING US NOW VIA WEBCAM IS CAL TECH SEISMOLOGY PROFESSOR REED DODDEN WHO'S AN EXPERT ON SINKHOLES. PROFESSOR, WHAT CAUSES SOMETHING LIKE THIS TO HAPPEN? >> WELL, IT VARIES. MOST LIKELY THEY WERE CHILDHOOD FRIENDS WHO GREW UP TOGETHER AND THAT BLOSSOMED INTO A ROMANCE OVER TIME. >> I BELIEVE YOU'RE REFERRING TO THE COUPLE THAT WAS JUST INTERVIEWED. I WAS ASKING ABOUT THE SINKHOLE. >> OH, IT'S PRETTY MUCH ALWAYS UNDERGROUND WATER. >> OKAY. NEIL, ANY SIGN OF WATER DAMAGE DOWN THERE? >> OH, ABSOLUTELY. WE CAN JUST PAN DOWN A LITTLE, RICK. YOU'LL SEE THAT THERE'S SOME MUD AND OH MY GOD. [ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ] MATT SHATT IS WEARING CROCS AND SOCKS. HE'S MARRIED TO THE LORD'S MISTRESS. AND HE'S WEARING CROCS. WITH SOCKS. SENDING IT BACK TO YOU IN THE STUDIO! >> OKAY WELL, WE WILL UPDATE YOU AS THAT SITUATION DEVELOPS. WE NOW TURN TO KAREN HOFFSTEDDER WITH SPORTS. BIG GAME THIS WEEKEND. >> YEAH, BUCS PLAYING THE BRONCOS. OKAY, I GOT TWO THEORIES. ONE, THIS DUDE MATT IS PACKING A TREE TRUNK IN HIS PANTS. OR TWO, HE KIDNAPPED HER AND SHE GOT STOCKHOLM SYNDROME. >> I'M SORRY, WE CAN STILL HEAR YOU. AND FOR THE RECORD, I'M WITH MY HUSBAND BECAUSE HE IS ONE OF THE STRONGEST MEN I'VE EVER MET. MOST MEN WOULD BE MAD AT THE WORLD IF THEY WERE BORN WITH JUST TESTICLES AND NO PENIS. NOT MY MATT SHATT. >> NEIL McNABB REPORTING LIVE. FROM A WORLD THAT NO LONGER MAKES SENSE. >> THANK YOU, NEIL. QUITE A SITUATION IN DOWNTOWN TAMPA. AND THERE'S THAT SINKHOLE TOO. >> WE'LL BE RIGHT BACK.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ImmanuelTamilVibeGermany [1 likes]: I can't stop laughing
  2. @ImmanuelTamilVibeGermany [1 likes]: 4:56 😂😂😂😂
  3. @troys6096 [1 likes]: I miss that crew - good stuff there!
  4. @PossMcLeod [1 likes]: Only Kenan could make us laugh our asses of using just his pointer finger! lol. The dude is a genius! lolol
  5. @michelleresell1022 [1 likes]: Who is the blonde lady?
  6. @FunFantasyHouse [1 likes]: Classic Matt Satt😅😅
  7. @whitepanda34: Matt Shatt was fashion 5 years before everyone else crocs
  8. @Geminias: Testicles and no P? At that point, just go get one engineered for you. Heck, insurance would probably cover it.
  9. @karaam226: Mikey Day is underrated
  10. @floretion: It's interesting that there are two types of sketches- those where it would ruin everything if someone had broken out laughing and those where it actually contributes to the sketch (e.g. the Welshly Arms Hotel sketch)- this one is of the former type.
  11. @shawnuel: As if Kenan’s character had any better shot with her than Matt Shatt.
  12. @abdul01.j: I don't like Americans but damn! American comedy is just GOATED 🐐😂😂😂😂
  13. @SDChargersFreak: HE DOES PUPPETS?!?!
  14. @omarov1935: Brilliant writing
  15. @RafaelSale: Hard to believe that after Margot Robbie, Matt Schatt's future wives would be Jennifer Lopez and Ana De Armas.
  16. @ankush246: I’ve seen this video way too many times and it’s never not funny
  17. @mackojeevan: Lol multimillionaire lol
  18. @SávioGAP: he´s the MATTer of puppets! \m/
  19. @franklynlugo5900: Cecily's face 4:35 😅😅😅
  20. @dorothyjamison962: 😂😂😂😂😂

- San Diego FISH REPORT // Sportboat Roundup 06/09/23: Kind: captions Language: en welcome back to this week's BD Outdoors sport boat Roundup we saw some nicer weather going into this week with scattered blue fan ranging anywhere from 20 to 200 pounds daytime by we've had days where they wanted a bite and days where you really had to put time in on the rail and at the bait tank we saw a switch from Sinker drop shot type setups to fly line anywhere from 30 to 50 pounds every day is different out there so for the fleet we're adapting to how weird this blue fin have been I mean I'm talking the potential to get a five pound yellowtail to 100 pound blue fin all in the same day that's that's quite the range and especially tackle that you're bringing on board the fish this year are definitely making you work for it as of right now the seven and eight day fleet has been on classic Springtime yellowtail out of leehost rocks and along the ridge yellowtail can be caught almost year round in that area but this cooler water it tends to bring out the volume and the grade dropper Loop yoyo fly line and surface iron have all been successful with that yellow tail anywhere from 16 to 30 pounds with some standouts with the biggest being a 64 pounder that's all I have for you guys thanks for watching and I'll check in with you all next week

  Top Comments:
  1. @ronaldo77782 [1 likes]: Looking forward to go fishing on the grande
  2. @aka_the_sac6725 [1 likes]: Ethan and I went a slow week on the highliner at the end May and got luck that it turned one . For are trip.
  3. @teslaswork [1 likes]: Happy friday E 1
  4. @joedansereau381: Thank You Girl.............
  5. @aka_the_sac6725: Great report gotta get out there and fish when you can!! Can’t catch them on the couch!!
  6. @TubeBoobforyou: Tonie is the best! 😍

- Buying your FIRST YACHT?? 7 TIPS from a Super Yacht Broker: Kind: captions Language: en hey guys how you doing today it's nick cardozo with mr yachts we're down here in sunset harbor marina in miami beach i was emailing with a client last night topics you should consider when you're buying a boat and i thought i'd make a good video topic uh i wanted to share with everybody so basically yeah i printed out the email and i want to go over some some points so if you're ever thinking about buying a boat or upgrading into a new one i think these are some of the questions you want to ask yourself going into buying a boat since it's such a big purchase i think each one of these topics they could be their own video so let me know if you want me to go into like a deep dive into each one of these because i mean frankly i could i could talk about this stuff almost all i mean i do talk about it all day uh any of these topics that you want to like know more about please let me know in the comments you know there's a lot of aspects to buying a boat you know you've got the financing part of it you've got the shopping part of it you've got the ownership part of it you know the usage part of it the most fun part is why you buy a boat so number one i would say that like when you when you're buying a boat when you're shopping for a boat you know consider that like boats are mission specific right so if you want to go fishing you're gonna buy a fishing boat you know if you want to do cruising you want to buy something that's going to have a lot of cabins that's comfortable has a lot of volume and if you're going to be day boating you know you want something with a lot of open deck space to entertain and you won't be worried to to get the boat wet so you know visit the sand bar or whatever you want to do so you know there's different types of boats everybody knows plenty of different types of boats but try to think about like what is your goal how do you see yourself on your boat out on the water right more so than going over the different types of boats with you because we could go over fly bridge and you know uh express boats and all that but try to put yourself in the frame of mind of what are you going to be doing on the boat are you going to be pulling up to the restaurants with it are you going to be entertaining clients friends family do you plan on doing a lot of water sports do you need a lot of storage are you going to be spending overnight on the boat ever so for example last year i sold a boat to a client who it was this first boat it was a 72-footer so it's a pretty big boat for your first boat but in the end we found out that you know the boat suited him in many aspects but but lacked in other places right so it's a great day boat for example to have a 72 foot fly bridge here in miami because you've got all that upper deck space but for a long-term cruiser for something like going to the bahamas and not so much you run out of space there's not enough storage on the boat you know you want to be able to you know have your water toys places to store them and enough enough crew cabins so that everybody's comfortable on board people always want to move up in boats but bigger is not necessarily better either so that's why i said put yourself in that frame of mind there's no there's no right answer to this it's just that's just one of the things i want you to think about when you're when you're shopping right is you know what am i going to use my boat for that's it all right one of the most important things about buying a boat is obviously going to be the budget how much can you spend on a boat how much can you throw down for the boat and how much is going to cost you to own it well there's a lot of different factors at play here you could even put the boat into a charter program and offset your costs we can talk about that in another video coming up because that's its own segment for sure i could actually sell you a boat for free but we'll talk about that later getting back to the costs we talk about market value depreciation how fast the depreciation curve is when it starts to flatten out cost of ownership you've got to consider things like crew marina insurance maintenance you know and then you've got your variable costs but you know you basically want to buy a boat that's hopefully ahead of the depreciation curve now the market will bear what the market will bear for the seller but you know for the buyer you know you want to try to get the best deal as possible like you know considering all factors involved right and again that's where like a a good broker can add value you know which is another video like that i'll go more in depth with the things that we like really look at like how to negotiate the price better but you know hopefully you create a relationship with somebody maybe it's me uh that can you know steer you the right way through the buying process of a boat so that ultimately you're happy with your purchase as a broker right like i don't want people to be unhappy you know by getting themselves in over their head on a boat that they can't afford in the end you know because it's a million dollar bow but it costs them you know a million and a half a year to run you know what i'm saying like that's that's not cool you know what i'm saying my job as a broker is to advise somebody in the right way and give good advice hey yeah like that's a cheaper boat out of pocket but you know up front but like you know the cost to own that boat is is gonna like put you in a bad place or you know i mean you're gonna in a resentful way what i try to explain to people when they're buying a boat is like look your budget's your budget and and i go through you know a whole budgeting thing with with the client like if you like want to keep it 10 out of 10 like this is how much it's probably gonna cost you if you want to you know keep a seven out of ten yeah you could run it with a skeleton crew and maybe shave 20 to 30 off that annual running cost but you know in the end you're gonna end up paying for it so you know it's one of those things that's like you might as well just pay for it and enjoy having a beautiful boat instead of like not paying for it and then kind of having like a ratty mediocre boat and then having to like shell it out at the end just so someone who buys it ends up with a brand new boat again you know what i'm saying it's like through the lifetime of owning the boat you know you want to enjoy your yacht so take care of your yacht some of those things hurt like wax jobs and bottom painting and stuff but like you know you got to take care of the boat one of the next things um you know that i think is very important when you're shopping for a boat is condition and condition right real estate is location location yachts are condition condition now there's two ways to approach this right you could buy a boat that needs work and you can put the work into it and you can get that boat for a really good price but if you buy a turnkey boat you're there you know what i'm saying like time is money right like it's not really because time is time and you can't buy that but you know you don't want to waste your time either i'm i'm a yachty enthusiast i'm going to do it again i love boats for me to buy a project boat that makes more sense because that's my life there's a lot of people who are busy though so they don't really want to manage that type of project so like condition right condition condition when you're looking to buy a boat especially if it's like your first boat or even second boat i wouldn't dive into like the project stuff unless you're like yeah i want to do a project you know what i'm saying what i'm trying to say is buy something turnkey that is like your best deal you have no idea how much boats can consume your time even when they're perfect you don't want to get yourself into a good deal because you've got you know this massive boat that you could buy for 50 off and yeah you can deal with the carry cost but you don't really know what you're getting yourself into because you know the boat's 10 years old and the glue they use you know in italy can't withstand the florida temperatures and starts coming apart you've got to redo the entire interior that type of stuff it's just a consideration right i don't think one way is better than the other it's a case-by-case basis right so that's my thoughts on like condition especially if you're new to the game and yachting and and you want to enjoy yachting i would buy something turnkey if you're like me and you just like want to get the best best possible deal and you don't mind putting the time and effort into it then you know go for you know the the project boat that's pennies on the dollar when you're buying a boat i i tend to stick to kind of my own rule of thumb there's different thresholds based on the depreciation that i've kind of like noticed especially with production boats right what does that mean it means that when you buy a new boat right you're paying the msrp minus whatever discount you can get from the dealer and you get you know your warranties and you know your guarantees all that stuff when you buy a new boat and then you go to sell it in a couple of years you're competing with the factory you're basically going to have to give a much better deal than what you paid for because you know the factory can can outsell you by offering their warranty for just like you know 10 or 20 more let's put this in a practical situation right boat msrps for a million bucks right maybe you get a factory discount of 10 so you buy the thing for 900 comes with two years warranty you got a brand new boat nothing wrong with that then you go to sell it in two years well yeah the boat depreciates 10 per year right but you're not going to sell it for 800 it's going to be pretty hard because you know the factory can just say if you shell out another 100 grand we'll get you two years warranty and you get that whole package right so that's where i think the boats and like the the the three to five year range that's your first threshold of like the best deal for a few reasons you've got late model boat it's pretty new still and you're probably gonna get somewhere around 30 off of what the msrp would be you know maybe more it depends the market then you've got like the second threshold which is like what i call like the the value buy coming up on your 10-year mark now these are boats that if you buy them right they're good deals and you can get a good boat for a really good price like a big sky or even neoprene now i don't really ever recommend somebody buy a boat coming up on 10 years because that's generally where like boats need a major overhaul a major refit they replaced everything you can see and everything you can see if you buy a boat that's like seven years old for example you're gonna own the boat probably two to three years that means when you go to sell it you're either gonna have to put the money into it yourself to try to get as much back as you can or you're just gonna have to sell it first you know a crazy cheap price because the guy who's inheriting this is inheriting all the problems with the boat too when you go to buy a boat you're either going to be in that three to five year range because you're gonna own it to two to three years right you're gonna end up selling it at seven years and you'll let someone else deal with that or you buy the boat in the like 10 to 12 year range only if it's had that like major overhaul like refit you're getting an older boat like as long as you're cool with the design of the exterior you get some like timeless design you know then the interior is all brand new that's a good value right so yeah there's a lot of boats coming out of europe like that because they they do a lot of refits over in greece turkey that are cheaper so you know there's tremendous value that you can find especially overseas okay so like moving forward what boat brand do you buy okay so let's just take these into into segments so there's different countries that are well known for for building you know higher quality yachts so for example you know the us build some really high quality odds they built some not high quality yachts the dutch are very well known for building very high quality yachts germans also italy builds some beautiful yachts that being said i don't want to discredit any other brands or countries but there's very fine yachts that come out of you know asia or or turkey for example choi lee's cl line they're building a magnificent product and we did a walkthrough on the clb 88 then i was just i was blown away by it i mean the interior design the everything about the boat i thought was just wonderful but brandt speaking of brands and like when you're shopping around for boats especially in this production line segment of yachting which you know i'd say is like all your brand names like westport bonnetti azimut sun seeker ferretti pershing riva like all these like brand names that you're you're hearing about you want to buy brand names when it comes to boats there's always a market for these right when it comes to resale value especially in the united states you know we come across this that it's kind of hard to move out of a boat without giving a crazy deal to get rid of it because you're competing with you know some of the best best brands in the world that are you know also on the market so that's my thought on brands uh buy pedigree if you can um unless you're just like absolutely in love with the boat and you have to have it and it's such a great deal that you know it doesn't matter what you sell it for after then you can buy one of those [Music] oh i know what i want to talk about hours people want to buy low hours low hours low hours like guy wants to buy a ball it's got like 800 hours instead of the boat that has like fifteen hundred dollars but the guy who buys the boat with eight hundred dollars has to pay for the thousand hour service and has to come out of pocket like 60 grand and he's like what the hell just happened right so the hours on a diesel engine aren't necessarily like they're not gasoline engines people so like thousand hours not really that high the lifespan of a diesel engine especially like you know these good diesel engines they've got a they've got a lifespan upwards of 10 000 hours maybe you know i've seen boats with 15 000 hours on them don't be too afraid of hours on a on a diesel engine because you know maybe the guy was you know taking the boat up you know to new york or new england in the summer and put on like a couple hundred hours extra you know that year so the hours add up but it's like highway miles and and city miles right they're not necessarily the same it's more about how much fuel has gone through the engines but kind of a difficult way to like measure uh the age of an engine so we talk about it in hours but anyway you want to buy a boat that has been recently serviced so you don't have to pay for the service so i don't i don't think that a boat like at 800 hours for example is necessarily as good of a buy as something that has like let's say 1500 hours or 14 that just had the 1500 service on one side you know everyone says yeah well you know when i go to sell the boat everybody's going to want to buy the lower hour bow well hopefully that's why you can get a better deal in the first place right you can leverage the high hours the high hours that aren't really that high to get yourself a better deal in the first place so that when you go to sell it you're not really getting hurt on that aspect so much and you're really just benefiting from the fact that it has higher hours but it's it's an arbitrary number to get to like rebuild phase which is like you know eight thousand ten thousand dollars you know the hours of the engine is important but you know don't be fooled by you know just the low hours and don't pay a higher price for lower hours so ask yourself when you're buying a boat are you buying this boat with the intention of moving up into another boat like when you're considering buying a boat you got to know the business like some of my clients get this right like they'll buy boat like it's like yeah whatever it's like whatever boat but they get into it for a good price they're chartering the thing out they basically don't pay anything for the boat because when they sell it like they've made all the money back there's also like a business aspect of it where like you can actually like people like oh the best that you own a boat is like the day you buy it the day you sell it well yeah like if you don't really use your boat that much and if you don't really understand the business and you bought it like because you know one day you thought it was a good idea to buy a boat right that's probably the wrong way to go about buying a boat i think like i could sit down with you and like really go over numbers and like make each purchase at least somewhat make sense right to to a certain extent like as much as you want it to make sense like we could buy a boat for free really um you know if if we put it in the charter program and we manage it properly and just couple sacrifices there blackout dates and stuff but generally speaking like you got to know the business like if you know if you're gonna buy a boat are you buying it so just so you can have boat you know get in and out of boats cheaply with minimal damage that's like one mentality or are you buying like it's my one and only i love this boat i'm gonna buy it and keep it in the family forever you know like then like i think there's a different approach than you want to buy like the nicest boat ever and like maintain it always to the highest you know standards because you're going to keep that boat forever you know or for you know a really long time so you want to just enjoy it that pretty much wraps up i think my most frequently asked questions or like my main topics on like you know shopping for boats thanks for watching uh don't forget to hit the like button subscribe and please share with your friends i mean if you're looking for a boat or one of your friends looking for a boat spread the knowledge that's why i make these videos and you know the more this channel grows uh the more videos we can make so thanks again for watching and see you soon

  Top Comments:
  1. @---df5sr [14 likes]: Tip 1 - Don’t buy a yacht

Tip 2 - buy a sweet polo shirt

Tip 3 - Talk with a pen in your hand like a boss

Tip 4 - talk about your “clients” 

Tip 5 - make sure people know you drink San Pellegrino
  2. @specwar1966 [1 likes]: Do you actually help with someone wanting to get into a charter for business?
  3. @kyriakosgasteratos3079 [1 likes]: I am a jonior broker, and i really learn a lot from your videos. Thank you!
  4. @warlordop713 [1 likes]: Silverton 40 convertible or sea Ray 400 sedan bridge? Which should I target?
  5. @YowLose [1 likes]: Thanks man
  6. @DrewAndrewYoutube: Dude, great video. Very informative. The knowledge even about the type of glue used on Italian models that can't stand the Miami heat. That type of insight is amazing. 
Question. All those yachts docked in the video, how do they get out LOL? (If someone want's to leave for a day trip? How's the docking systems work out there?)
  7. @NinoPrez007: I would like that more yacht youtube channels disclose the CE  A B C D ,category for the Yachts  they are reviewing.
  8. @dejand9: ❤❤❤
  9. @raminard: Awesome content. I'm looking to buy my first yacht for charter purposes. I'm definitely looking forward to your videos about that and would love your input and or guidance in the future 😊
  10. @bruhhuserious4029: It seems if you have the money buy the boat new and don’t plan on selling it. You loose if you by old and sell old or sell after owning for couple years. Mind as well keep the Damm thing lol
  11. @MAC1NZ: so your 10% per year deprecation means a 5 year old boat say from a lagoon 67 power cat should have 50% of the new price or am i miss hearing you
  12. @davidherholdt9579: I have a question for you: "Trinity Yachts" American brand over a "Benetti Yacht" Italian, Would you purchase a Motor yacht cash or terms and why..??
  13. @N_J2301: Why am I here? I can't even buy a yacht.
  14. @---df5sr: I know what you’re saying, stop checking
  15. @growlkitty: How much can I low-ball the sellers broker before I insult him or her?
  16. @jasonday8334: Where do you hire a team to operate your Cruise Yacht?
  17. @choco.es.secret: Dubai has a lot of cheap yachts.   You can get some great deals
  18. @coryswilkens: I have over 30k hours on a Detroit 60 series in a semi. Runs strong still. Maybe it's different for a boat?
  19. @Biblebasicsforbusypeople: Sailboat vs power boat for ocean day charter
  20. @andyvaldez212: sounds like if you're not going to be on it everyday, just rent one

- Superyacht Price Tiers - Explained: Kind: captions Language: en even the most modest yachts seem impressive but what about the billion-dollar behemoths from mansions at sea to floating palaces let's explore the true cost of buying a super yacht why are super yachts so expensive super yachts are the absolute pinnacle of indulgence for the ultra wealthy no one really needs a super yacht which is typically defined as a luxury boat that's 80 feet or longer there are private jets for travel and smaller boats to cruise the ocean in style yet yacht sales bring in billions each year from quarter one of 2020 to quarter three of 2021 the us spent over 2.2 billion dollars on yachts over 98 feet long while those in the mediterranean spent over three and a half billion dollars but what exactly makes a super yacht so expensive the rich aren't investing in practicality they're investing in status privacy and entertainment what stands out most about owning a yacht is its sheer size and abundance of luxury amenities like master suites hot tubs state-of-the-art gyms saunas and pools yachts are assembled by master craftsmen in renowned shipyards they're decked out with technology and engineering that allow them to cruise the waters at impressive speeds despite their size many yacht owners also request luxurious rare and exotic materials for the construction of their boats a bigger yacht with more luxuries also means more crew more maintenance and more money every year yacht owners spend between 10 to 20 percent of their boats purchase price on operation and maintenance that's one to two million dollars a year for a 10 million dollar super yacht fuel can cost about 400 000 a year including additional fuel for onboard toys like jet skis and annual dockage fees can be 350 000 or more don't forget to throw in 240 000 a year for insurance and potentially millions to pay your crew including cooks wait staff and the boats captain who can make over a hundred and eighty thousand dollars per year on a large yacht despite such high prices ten percent of yacht purchases are immediately paid in full they're typically owned for three years before being sold and traded for something new there are plenty of upgrades available when trading a fancy 100 foot vessel for let's say a 400 foot yacht with its own nightclub so let's check out what money can really buy when it comes to super yachts 100 foot super yachts yachts of around 100 feet in length of the starter super yacht for many of the world's richest people new yachts of this size often cost about 1 million dollars per 3.3 feet in length that's an average of 30 million dollars to buy a brand new 100 foot vessel this is the vertis 44 a 144 foot yacht that cost about 20 million dollars the boat was designed by vyd studio with the idea of an open interior in mind wide windows offer incredible ocean views from every angle while guests on the yacht can also enjoy a beach club bar area plenty of spots to sunbathe and a small swimming pool the yacht has room for 10 guests to stay comfortably in five luxurious cabins as well as room for eight crew members in four staff cabins the virtus 44 can provide luxury at sea while traveling at a respectable top speed of 15 knots perfect for a relaxing multi-million dollar vacation older yachts of this size can be bought for a slightly more reasonable price while still offering insane amounts of luxury this yacht is called bliss it's 144 feet long and was first launched back in 2007. now it's worth about 15 million dollars built by hison yachts it could win a race against the virtus thanks to a max speed of 26 knots and can similarly host 12 guests and a crew of nine while the interior isn't as modern as the newly built yachts it offers plenty of space with outdoor dining on the deck a huge entertainment room and a spacious owner's cabin staffing yachts of this size can cost over thirty two thousand dollars a month plus another seven thousand dollars or so for day workers who come aboard to tend to the guests every need throw in 50 000 or so a month for fuel and dockage and vacationing on even a small super yacht is sure to rack up a huge bill 200 foot mega yachts while these 100 foot vessels are nothing to scoff at there's plenty more luxury to be found aboard a 200-foot yacht yachts longer than 200 feet are typically built to individual specifications and are often distinguished from smaller super yachts by being called mega yachts they usually have four decks above the water line as well as one or two below in addition they often have helipads and vip suites that make the spacious owner's cabin on a 100 foot yacht look like a child's bedroom just take a look at steven spielberg's former yacht the 150 million dollar seven seas a 282 foot vessel built by ocean co with a top speed of 20 knots first delivered in 2010 it was recently renamed the man of steel which is fitting for this behemoth of a boat it's packed with premium features including a range of toys in the tender garage and a convenient helipad it also has its own cinema an owner's suite on a private deck with a jacuzzi multiple health and wellness facilities and a large swimming pool on deck this mega yacht sleeps up to 20 guests across 9 staterooms and carries a crew of 28 that contend to their every need a 200 foot mega yacht such as this one is a pretty popular choice for wealthy families who can find every available entertainment option in their mansion at sea take the calypso yacht as another example formerly known as the solimar the yacht was sold for 31 million dollars and given almost 17 million dollars worth of upgrades with a 340 000 weekly charter price this stunning ship has everything from a hot tub on deck to an inflatable water slide there's also a water deck where the family can gather for some fun ocean activities like snorkeling other rooms that can be found on the yacht include a library a salon spa facilities a formal dining room and three different entertainment decks that's plenty of space for the ship's 12 guests to enjoy and they're taken care of by a crew of 15. 300 foot giga yachts those mega yachts are definitely luxurious enough to spend months lounging at sea but even they don't hold a candle to the most expensive yachts that are over 300 feet long sometimes they're known as giga yachts because they're the closest we have to the 1000 foot long luxury yachts of the future at 300 feet and longer there are plenty of celeb worthy vessels to enjoy like the lana that beyonce and jay-z charted at a cost of 2 million dollars per week according to forbes yachts as long as this one with a speed of 25 knots and 31 crew members cost around 275 million dollars but there are bigger yachts worth much more than that this is the remarkable 533 foot eclipse commissioned by russian billionaire roman abramovich for between 500 and 600 million dollars the yacht's even been rumored to cost over 1.5 billion dollars but forbes insists that's not true the eclipse was once the biggest super motor yacht in the world and the most expensive on the market with a 2.3 million dollar weekly charter price it features jet skis a submarine two pools a cinema two helipads a floating beach club you name it one of those pools can even be converted into a dance floor this yacht was known as the world's most impressive until an even pricier floating palace came along move over eclipse because the azam is here owned by sheikh khalifa bin zayed al-nayan of the uae and built at a cost of 605 million dollars by lersen yachts germany the 590-foot vessel is estimated to cost 60 million dollars each year in upkeep its luxurious features include two swimming pools a cinema and a disco oh and we can't forget two helipads and a missile defense system while no one is currently spending 1 billion on a single yacht these giga yachts are certainly costing yacht lovers close to 1 billion when you consider the many costs of owning and running a palace on water but when you're that wealthy owning a super yacht is just another cherry on top of an already lavish life if you had a super yacht which feature or amenity would you enjoy most let us know in the comments don't forget to like and subscribe for more videos like this one thanks for watching see you next time [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @JayGee-ti7oe [3 likes]: As lavish as the giga yacht maybe, practicality surely must have some significance when deciding on owning such a vessel, irrespective of your financial status.
  2. @charleshah4336 [2 likes]: Buy a yacht 100   millions is easy,  keep a yacht is difficult ,you have to pay the captain , sailors, maids, maintenance fee , and so on....
  3. @ocs2424 [1 likes]: Id just want to 100 foot yacht to be honest
  4. @sydneybristow5588 [1 likes]: I actually got sick and a little disgusted watching this video. The amount of money people have to spend in such ways!!!!! My gawd!!!
  5. @xvgwhalevvs.diamonds3281 [1 likes]: After $15m - when considering used, to me the improvements are negligible. There's $500m 260ft yachts, and $12m very nice used 163ft yachts. If I was rich enough to afford a $500m yacht, instead of the decked out 200-300 foot yachts they get, I would buy a 1990s 800 foot cruise ship and convert it. Used cruise ships are much larger than even the most expensive super yact, and way cheaper. Seen a 1990s carnival cruise ship for sale for $40m. Would rip out the hundreds of guest rooms, put a full 160 foot indoor olympic pool in the middle, a full size imax theatre, shooting range, bowling alley, lush gardens with monkies on top. Of course spa and normal stuff too. Would have enough space for anything really. Would cost a fortune in fuel, but with the money saved (let's say $40m to buy it, $150m-$200m to refit it, doesn't have to be as perfect as the other super yachts, can do it rough and dirty) that would be ok, would dunk on even the $500m-$1b yachts(there's a $1.5b yacht, this video is wrong when it says no one has spent that much). If you did a super janky refit, and kept most of the existing floor plans and just wanted to live on a full size cruise ship all to yourself, could do it for $50m total, just spend $10m on the inside(could just connect like 50 rooms together lol).
  6. @blue7lvn245 [1 likes]: Surprised they didn't mention the flying fox
  7. @ronxxf [1 likes]: I'd like a 600 foot version of the flying fox.
  8. @deefernando4359 [1 likes]: There comes a point where more Size soon becomes a hinderance, and you may as well be on land, because it no longer feels like you are on the ocean, or are sailing.  Being on a giga yacht seems to be much the same as being on a Cruise Ship (without all the rif-raff peasants ofcourse) but the size is so big, you are always surrounded by glass and steel, and breath artificial air.   What's the point?
  9. @patrickkerrigan9355: Decadence embodied. The world is burning up and all these dopes care about it cruising. The same jerks that pay minimum wage to all the people they employ. Not the yatch crew but all the countless minions working to make these a holes billionaires in the first place. . Tax billionaires out of existence. They dont make a billion, they take a billion.
  10. @damiangibson5318: 5:48 when is saw Steven Spielberg’s yacht a couple weeks ago off the Amalfi Coast it was called Seven Seas still.
  11. @hawkofarabia1013: first you said 30 million for a 100 feet , right after that 144 feet costs 20 million !! Guys believe me i have acceptable info about yachts .. this guy figures totally wrong
  12. @NoName-zb1gm: I want a private owner's deck and private owner's balcony.
  13. @EngineerDJ_Julius: If I were a yacht owner, I'd live on the ship on the east coast instead of living in a house
  14. @Johnnytotal: I would fit a go-cart track on my giga yacht, vertramp and windows under the waterline.
  15. @lahirufernando638: I AM THE OWNER OF ALL THIS LUXURIOUS YACHT❤
  16. @raymondlschuler1025: The Entire Superyacht World seems to be a huge Money Laundering System and Extremely Dodgy. Many Fires?, Sinkings?, Unpaid Crew?, Dubious Owners?. The Hype and the Glamour of it All seems quite seedy indeed.
  17. @omegapointil5741: SIPHONED  FROM  THE  SOCIALST   PEOPLE  THANK  GREASEBALL  REAGAN.
  18. @mohamedfalouh2002: Merci
  19. @David-ud9ju: This guy knows nothing about luxury yachts. That much is clear.
  20. @endlessfreedomful: most of the owners of mega yachts are billionaires who claim themslves to be environmentalist, yet they burn millions of gallons of gas to run their super toys all over the world every year

- I’M BUYING A SUPER YACHT ???: Kind: captions Language: en actually you need one helipad in the back and one in the front because where is your friend gonna land when you're already on the offs welcome guys to yet another Vlog my name is Carl runefeld and today I have been invited by ocean Co which is the biggest yacht builder in the world they have personally invited me to go view one of their Yachts they're now taking me in a helicopter ride around Monaco good stuff let's start with the helicopter ride so let's do it foreign [Music] so where are we going to go so bro we go together right now to the Monaco Yacht Club for to have a lunch normally you can only enter if you're a member approved by the president none of the influencers ever been there to have a private lunch so you'll be the first one go there and be able to film and see the yacht club from inside actually I have been there once during the Monaco yacht show one time I was in there but during normal times I have not been there so what five years waitlist to just be accepted or what yeah so one of the members should bring you there in this case Paris is a member he's bringing us to to have a lunch and hopefully you can meet the president as well the president of the yacht club very exclusive this is very exclusive let's do it okay so now we have arrived to the Monaco Yacht Club arguably the most exclusive club in the world either you need a massive multi-hundred million dollar yacht or you need to be like I don't know anointed by the prince of Monica or something we're getting invited right now personally so good stuff thank you Hello nice to meet you from Dubai from Dubai yes I live in Marina it says two years oh yeah come from Sweden the wonderful place yeah device I went in Dubai certainly before you are born 1970. towards Iran Street yeah yeah that's crazy yeah it's crazy I've seen pictures it was like literally one street maybe like two three two three buildings yeah and now it's and what are you doing in Dubai sorry crypto I have uh a group of companies so crypto if you have your own crypto currency I do yes I have multiple companies that are in my co-founding and then I also invested in hundreds of crypto startups so my headquarters is in Dubai so that's where it'll show you I am young yes how old are you 27 the new generation congratulations thank you thank you please thank you thank you thank you so he is the guy to say yes I was explaining him that it's impossible to be here a member yeah but if you come and meet here I'm gonna make you remember oh that's very nice well I'm not gonna live here but get in the park get yes but then if you get an apartment you can get your residency here you don't you don't need to live here yeah to be a member if you're a member then you have two people already members they need two members in the yacht yes they need to verify that yes Carl is a cool guy because if you do something wrong yes then the parents you know the parents yeah they uh you know they get they get in trouble do something wrong like what get naked and stuff yeah that might happen nice yeah and by the way the Monaco yacht show I was thinking I I want to go can we schedule some York viewings what I'm on the market for is like uh 100 to 130 feet okay oh yeah no no then it's an ideal moment to to go and visit them yes because they're all going to be here yeah I'm very happy to look I'm gonna give you a VIP pass from us that's amazing and then uh we are connected to someone to take you around That'll be amazing yeah very very nice yeah I love the morning for your show I've been going since four or five years with my dad but back then I was working in the grocery store and I was like visualizing myself buying Yachts fantastic what a nice Journey yeah fantastic we'll make it a nice manifest yeah it's a visualization I was thinking if you don't mind I'd like to offer you so you can visualize even further ahead this is an official Handover let's see how it looks like for you yeah for later you know on the boat when you have time to relax heavy very cool yeah I'm gonna flip through that's exactly what it is when I was flipping through like yacht magazines and car magazines you know imagining myself buying these things that's where you start yeah because you know first you're gonna create the imagination and then you work towards the energy and the interaction the yeah Law of Attraction it's very very popular my job needs to be next to yours when we buy one yes well very nice and we pray that we all stick to each other we have parties yeah double Yachts I'm like hey girl send me some Uber it's like the next level or do you have any uh like any coffee like you have any coffee beans yeah they have some sugar yeah bro bro give me some fuel I made it oh you made this yes wow in my dreams so not only jackets no no I also cook bro I catch them I cook them and I will make the fish jackets okay so you catch crocodiles and fish and snakes and get snakes that's nice oh my god wow I manifested this to that moment you talk about love attractions did it I I love what you do I bought Bitcoin when you told everybody to buy Bitcoin so now I'm up about like thousands oh what's your lunch it was very nice very nice it was amazing see you next time yeah I never expect you to be here in Monaco I mean I know you're in the country here I watch your Vlogs but uh yeah you're on the Vlog right now oh hey everybody oh my God man uh it was a nice time uh Alex this is Alex yes okay guys if you see me on the street just like this guy come up to me talk to me I love to talk to you guys don't be afraid you guys are amazing you guys are the reason why I'm doing all these things anyway so um big shout out to you guys leave a thumbs up down below subscribe right now because this YouTube channel is going to become one of the biggest things on the internet so you have to subscribe right now and follow my journey and now we're going to the art we're going to check in and uh we're gonna invite some friends Ralph is going to come join us as well it's going to be amazing and Rachel who's driving the car with this beautiful watch look at that baby crocodile green it's a green dial how much did you pay for this one 34 34 000 so he got it retail that's insane that's insane if you sold it today how much would you get if I sold it and I find somebody to buy it should be 650. no way wait 65k 650 650. that's crazy so you made it 20x on this yeah 20x it's very rare to have the green one yeah and I was lucky enough to can you show it again wow it looks so beautiful that's like Shiba Inu style I never thought that watches could go 20x like that I would never spend 650 on a watch that was retail 30k it just seems like a bad deal somehow like but you order the crazy Jacob yeah yeah exactly but then I'm actually buying a list price right and it's made for me specifically it's like a one of one I will never sell it so I don't care what price it is if it's one million five million 10 000 it's made for me and I'm never gonna sell it no matter what what someone will pay for it even if they want to pay 5x I'm not gonna sell it doing now we're at the alt and here's Ralph the most amazing Formula 2 driver in the history of formula 2. hell yeah driving the Crazy Moon mobile where are we filming this actually uh we we're going no like is it it's gonna come out on F1 TV all right on YouTube as well I didn't know that's cool yeah okay F1 TV and YouTube good stuff good stuff not so big though but it's cool though very nice the moon flag look at that the moon flag we need a bit of wind now yes it's the same logo as on the car maybe we can just take like a like a blower and just blow it all the time so you can see yeah you can sit here that would be worth it okay so Ralph already told me a little bit about what exactly but you're filming for yeah I'll just talk to you yeah okay yeah so we have a Formula 2 documentary yeah it's called chasing Dream It's Going On F1 TV and YouTube Ralph is one of the characters for this episode star of the show oh yeah what level of craziness should we come with your shopping thing to be honest when when he filmed about how I make my coffee this morning in my flats yeah I made coffee and then I put a bit of whiskey inside yeah but so you can be crazy it's fine that's nice if people only knew how crazy this guy is really yeah you know how crazy you are the people know how crazy I am yeah it's true actually I have a good I can I can hide my craziness sometimes yeah you can actually when I first met you I knew that you're you're amazing but I didn't know much you're so crazy and it's funny because we met here what was it one and a half years ago yeah on a yacht yes so I rented a very beautiful one it was huge it was massive it was very beautiful for the Monaco Grand Prix and then you came to the yard and that was the first time we met it was so funny when you messaged me just like a couple of months later asked look we're looking for some sponsors and for crypto sponsors and I just put my Instagram handle on your car the Halo after a few races I when I realized that you were a complete rock star I thought you know what I want to take it to the next level and that's what I told you right like I want the whole car I'm gonna do the whole car I think it's called Tony bite some nice people yeah tonight you've been some nice girls right let's definitely go out tonight somewhere maybe yeah that'll be fun go crazy go Loco tomorrow is nice this boat is just for having fun should I join tomorrow yeah of course definitely yeah yeah you're in we're gonna take some old vintage Ferraris and old vintage like groceries Rolls-Royce and driver on Monaco oh nice yes yeah don't don't let me drive I don't know you might think it's a race and those ones you don't want to crash you're all about me I bought my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] license and that's more legendary driving 70 million cars with the license you bought legendary or stupid I don't know no I think I think legendary okay stupid is if you don't drive them true I agree [Applause] so now we're in Nikki Beach a very beautiful place with a beautiful view and incredible people and everyone have very very beautiful watches actually very nice we just came from a Jacob and Co event but this is still this is very nice and most is like politics actually I think it's like the name of the game okay guys time for a nice little cigar now ready for party trust me bro my man is not stupid he wants me bro I'm gonna tame this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] okay guys right now I've been invited to the office of ocean code take a look at some Yachts welcome back man welcome back helicopter that's that's how we should already on the Arts so one little pad there with my helicopters and then for my friends they can land in the front that's practical it looks actually very sporty yeah considering the size I like this paint job it's actually called Beach area is becoming more and more important yeah and you can make this to a pool right you can have the pool inside as well yeah uh but you can also have your sauna your hamams your you know all your Wellness even even a gym but this area so the proximity to the sea is becoming real estate it's an important area where clients want to be yeah oh yeah they spend a lot of the time because it comes with the water it's a water exactly and this was a pool which is actually ah so it's directly in Google don't have access exactly exactly access to the suit but this is also a healthy platform ah it comes up that's smart oh that's absolutely yeah that's nice I like those kind of smart Solutions very cool and it's nice that everything is super custom so basically um when ordering we sit down like every single detail correct like literally everything from designing with everything and it becomes so many decisions that owners usually have their team around them so even you you know what you decide to do you probably collect your team I know by now a little bit more about you and I know how much you like customizing your things already from what just to to your jackets yeah yeah everyone knows my my watch that I ordered from Jacob Cole and my Formula 2 card yeah formula two car yeah jacket yeah and those are three cool things so I don't think it's going to be much longer until you start building your own yeah yeah exactly then I will do a lot of personalization like my logo integrated somehow and maybe like a move theme then I think for sure in your master bedroom yeah you should have an open ceiling yeah so you can actually see the moon that would be nice you know this kind of symbolism that'll be cool yeah I think before I even start the like process of thinking about customization and the design I need to see a bunch of them exactly the inspiration yeah and uh and maybe even Charter yes because then you can see how am I living on the boat when I'm on board yeah so 90 meters 300 feet 18.5 knots so how much is something like this but this will be north of 200 million oh really yeah but then of course it doesn't really represent a lot because you know we have to go into detail I know I know it's a very custom very special but you promise to come back during the Monaco show yes and I heard today that you know you're really looking forward to it because of that we have a small present to offer you we would like to offer you today the very very first nft from Superior Energy to you nice and the utility with that is that you're going to be our guest at the Monaco show that's amazing that's cool and of course it cannot be without being your own so we customized the Moon the Moon even more important this one one of one one of one very nice yeah that's very cool nice thanks thank you so much yeah thanks man very nice very nice all right so now we are back on the yacht we've been getting ready and Ralph boshong is here hello guys so basically we're gonna go eat some dinner and the cool thing is that we are going to Buddha Bar the most exclusive place in Monaco and even crazier is that we're going to the private room the tombow separate in Buddha Bar chombres but even crazier is that it's High season right now and even crazier we literally called two hours ago and they kicked someone else out to get us in because our friend who actually made me this jacket Rachel he has some crazy connections so um we're going there right now and even crazier the table is on right now and we are late okay oh yeah we have to go so Paris he's gonna pick us up right now he's like the head of ocean Co which is the big yacht brand that is trying to get me to buy one of their Yachts I was there looking at the office today actually and you want to buy a yacht it's like an order for four years it takes four years to build it to build it yes but you already told me that you want to make a yacht with like a green yacht the moon yeah it's gonna be like a low green private jet and a green yard coming up guys but uh we didn't Shake any hands yet but we're in talks right now we're talking we're thinking designing brainstorming but as soon as I tell them like we're going ahead then I'm gonna make a video with the title I'm buying a yacht I love the idea I think we should go to dinner let's do it let's go guys we're going to Buddha Bar private room mind blowing let's go okay guys so now we are outside of Buddha Bar this is an incredible incredible location but the most mind-blowing part of this is inside so wait for that let's go in look it's completely full but we're going to the private room we have the room so this is the private room but look at this this belongs to the private room look at that this is like we can have a party in Buddha Bar and then we take the party back to the office that's how the night is going to end up today actually this is cool right that music time to eat some nice Sushi look at that very nice and you're getting the same yeah oh yeah hey guys this is the legend who created my jacket for everyone out there only one made for it this is arguably the most beautiful jacket on the planet completely full crocodile and he might upgrade it for something we cannot say now that's the question should should I make it bulletproof I think yes you're traveling a lot so you need to be safe of course you say this because then you make more money not really I want you to be safe I make a lot of money without you as well guys bulletproof would be pretty cool actually and then this we can make um Platinum Platinum or gold and he might put the diamond thing don't ask me why because he can why not exactly comment down below give me ideas what else can we do with this crazy uh jacket one one of the cars on my list The Bucket List actually this is the perfect color as well or okay so how nice was Buddha Bar bro it was amazing actually I was very tempted to really go crazy tonight me too I but we're gonna do it tomorrow tomorrow is a crazy long day we're going out on the yard we're going uh with uh old vintage cars one of the cars is worth 17 million dollars one of the cars who's gonna drive it I think you and me okay I'm gonna drift it yeah that's crazy actually it's gonna be a lot of fun tomorrow it's gonna be amazing so you're driving the 17 million classic car and then go to Jimmy's and party like crazy yeah that's a very good plan yeah actually I would love to have this yeah it's actually a classic yeah for sure this car is going up and about like massively they're not producing it anymore okay this is launch control with the Porsche insane that was a good one that was a good one that one just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] this one was like the best I've ever done actually yeah that was amazing guys this Vlog was way too long so we split it into two parts if you want to watch part two go below this video right now and subscribe and press the notification Bell so you can see when I'm taking these vintage cars with my friends around Monaco doing stupid things smoking cigars in rolls royces this is an incredible part two I want to show it to you but it's gonna be uploaded very very soon if part two is already uploaded when you're watching this then you can take your finger and press it right there watch it right now see you over there

  Top Comments:
  1. @curiousme8793 [310 likes]: This man has regular conversations with MULTI-BILLIONAIRES. Most people don't understand the level that this man is operating on. Amazing!
  2. @Mike144k [1 likes]: I wish you the best in your new venture of buying a super yacht. So very true visualizing yourself in your dreams is most important to manifest them into the physical world. 💚💪🧩🐉
  3. @smartestpenny2017 [1 likes]: Bro, your so down to earth, stay cool, the most valuable thing in life is creating and keeping friendships and projecting positive vibes with mannerisms, it always got me places in life and ever vid it consistently shines through. Thanks for bringing us along, Peace!
  4. @Ximaginebnks: Day 3-1✅
Your inspiring contents is unmatched.❤
  5. @captaindwan: Consider making some matching pants for the jacket...🧥
  6. @Ghostcarrera: “Thats crazy” should be your slogan. I should also get a % off the merch
  7. @laqissalem-iq2dy: Mohammed Al Barwani bought Oceanco company as I understand, his smart Omani man I ever know ❤
  8. @De_Séchelles: Should have wear proper attire then dude
  9. @clifbradley: Oceanco is notmthe biggest yachtbuilder in the world. Benetti and Azimut are, followed by Feretti Group and then for custom yachts Lurseen, Feadship, CdM, Heesen, Damen/Amels, and Bering are all bigger than Oceanco.
  10. @william_andrei3322: can’t believed i just found out abt this guy, really giving me an view of what my life is gonna be in the few years this guy is a true baller
  11. @janwarnawa7946: Je heb helemaal geen jacht gekocht
  12. @ZamanKhan-k7k: Hi my name is zaman Khan how r u Carl plz help me I'm from Pakistan I'm stroke patient I don't need money I want job in ur company  may God bless his shower upon u nd gave u healthy wealthy life Ameen
  13. @Soundmolly: This clog was amazing!!!! 🔥
  14. @ShadeOfSteel: You're look soo cool 😎💪💸
  15. @AdamsSterling234: To the MOON!|
  16. @dravidvanol: 0:16  Lurssen be like : seriously bro 😂😂
  17. @eyupozkan204: Buying a boat is not like buying a 10 year old bugatti son…!
  18. @alienguy_23: Any advice for a brokey to reach a billionaire mark
  19. @qxxx6624: This dude is so socially awkward and thinks his shit don’t stink
  20. @Satronaut-pw3ij: No one will pay 5x for a watch with someone else's name on it lol.

- The True Cost of Owning a Luxury Yacht: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome aboard, luxury lovers and sea dreamers. If you've ever fantasized about sailing across crystal blue waters on your very own luxury yacht surrounded by elegance, privacy, and the open ocean, you're not alone. A luxury yacht isn't just a boat. It's a symbol of ultimate freedom and wealth. But before you pop the champagne and start planning your Mediterranean voyage, there's something important to understand. Owning a yacht comes with a hefty price tag that extends far beyond the initial purchase. From hidden operating costs to ongoing maintenance and crew salaries, the true cost of owning a luxury yacht might surprise you. In today's video, we're diving deep into the world of luxury yacht ownership. We'll explore how much it really costs to buy and maintain a yacht, what the operating expenses look like year-over-year, how far these vessels can travel, and what kind of lavish features you can expect on board. We'll also touch on financing options, life on board, and whether it's worth owning outright or considering alternatives like chartering. So, grab your captain's hat and buckle up. We're about to explore the realities of life at sea in true luxury. [Music] Let's start with the most obvious cost. Buying the yacht itself. Luxury yachts come in many sizes and styles, and their prices can vary drastically depending on the brand, size, materials, and features. On the lower end of the luxury spectrum, you might find a 60 ft yacht for around $1.5 million to $3 million. These are often considered entry-level super yachts capable of coastal cruising and short expeditions in considerable comfort. They still come equipped with high-end amenities, sleek interiors, and advanced navigation systems. As we move up in scale, the prices begin to soar. A 100 ft yacht from a respected builder like Sunseeker or Princess may cost between $8 million and $15 million. These vessels typically offer multiple guest cabins, luxurious owner suites, expansive salons, and even small gyms or theaters. They're designed for longer journeys and entertaining guests in style, making them popular among celebrities and successful entrepreneurs. The level of craftsmanship and technology at this size also begins to rival that of small boutique hotels. But the real giants, those 200 f feet and beyond, are in a league of their own. These mega yachts are often fully custombuilt and can cost anywhere from $50 million to $500 million, depending on complexity and opulence. Builders like Len, Oceano, and Feedship are known for creating these floating mansions for the ultra wealthy. These yachts often include features like indoor pools, beach clubs, helilopipads, elevators, and even IMAX theaters. Essentially, they are luxury resorts that happen to be seaorthy. Customization is a major cost driver in yacht construction. Owners who want something truly unique can spend tens of millions more on specialized features. A helilopad might add3 million to $5 million, while an onboard spa or Turkish hamom could cost even more. Some owners commission artwork and rare materials throughout their vessels, driving prices higher. Every detail, from interior design to navigation systems, is tailored to the owner's desires, making each yacht a one-of-a-kind masterpiece. Finally, there's the question of resale. Unlike real estate, yachts tend to depreciate relatively quickly. Within just 5 years, a luxury yacht can lose up to 40% to 50% of its original value, especially if trends shift or if the yacht becomes outdated. Maintenance, wear and tear, and technological obsolescence also play a role. For many owners, the joy of the lifestyle outweighs concerns over resale, but it's an important financial consideration nonetheless. Yacht ownership isn't just about the purchase. It's also about understanding the life cycle and long-term investment reality. Now, let's talk about what many firsttime buyers don't consider, the operating costs. On average, the annual cost of running a luxury yacht ranges from 10% to 20% of its original purchase price. So for a $10 million yacht, you're looking at roughly $1 million to $2 million every year just to keep it operational. This includes crew salaries, fuel, docking fees, insurance, maintenance, repairs, food, and provisioning. Crew is often the single biggest expense. A typical luxury yacht might require a captain, engineer, deck hands, stewardist, and a chef, often working year round. For a midsize yacht, this can amount to $300,000 to $800,000 per year in salaries alone. Megaay yachts might employ over 20 crew members, pushing annual crew costs well above $2 million. These are experienced professionals managing complex onboard systems and delivering high-end service, and they're paid accordingly. Fuel is another major expense, especially for yachts that travel long distances. A 150 foot yacht might burn 500 gallons of diesel per hour at cruising speed. At an average cost of $4 to $6 per gallon, just one hour of cruising can cost upwards of $3,000 in fuel. If you're planning extended journeys, the fuel budget can easily hit hundreds of thousands of dollars annually. Maintenance and upkeep are non-negotiable for safety and reliability. Routine engine checks, hole cleaning, electronic servicing, and repainting all require time, money, and skilled labor. Expect to spend 2% to 4% of the yacht's value on maintenance alone each year. And don't forget about insurance, which can run from $30,000 to $500,000 annually, depending on the vessel's value and cruising areas. Luxury yachts are made for exploring the world. But how far can they actually travel? That depends heavily on size, design, and fuel capacity of the vessel. Smaller luxury yachts around 60 to 80 ft may have a range of 300 to 800 nautical miles. They're best suited for coastal cruising or short island hops. Perfect for exploring the Bahamas, Greek Isles, or French Riviera. Larger super yachts, particularly those in the 100 to 150 foot range, often have transatlantic capabilities. These boats can cruise 3,000 to 4,000 nautical miles without needing to refuel, opening up destinations like Europe to the Caribbean or the US to Southeast Asia. They're built for long range cruising with stabilizers for comfort and advanced navigation systems for safety. When you enter the mega yacht category, 200 f feet and above, you'll find vessels with truly global reach. Some can travel more than 6,000 nautical miles on a single tank. These yachts are essentially floating cities built across oceans in complete luxury, often with satellite communications, climate controlled storage, and backup systems to handle months at sea. Cruising speed typically ranges from 12 to 18 knots for most luxury yachts. Some sportier models can push beyond 25 knots, but speed comes at the expense of fuel efficiency. Long range cruising is done at lower speeds to conserve fuel and reduce wear in the engines. Ultimately, these yachts are designed not just for transportation, but for enjoying the journey as much as a destination. One of the main reasons people invest in luxury yachts is for the lifestyle they offer. Imagine waking up in a king-size bed to the sound of waves lapping against the hull, walking to the aft deck for breakfast prepared by your private chef, then diving into your infinity pool or heading out for a jet ski ride. On a yacht, everyday feels like a five-star vacation tailored to your preferences. Onboard amenities vary widely, but top tier yachts can include multiple guest suites, owner's decks, sky lounges, beach clubs, and even underwater observation rooms. Many have fully equipped gyms, movie theaters, massage rooms, and saunas. For those who enjoy entertaining, some yachts feature dance floors, full bars, live music setups, and private wine sellers. It's your floating mansion with every indulgence at your fingertips. Activities go far beyond sunbathing and sipping champagne. Yachts come equipped with a vast array of water toys, jet skis, kayaks, paddle boards, inflatable slides, diving gear, and more. Some carry tenders for fishing or fing guests to shore. Others feature helilopads allowing you to fly to and from the yacht wherever you are. Whether it's exploring secluded coes, snorkeling coral reefs, or dining on a remote island, the possibilities are endless. Living aboard full-time is also a growing trend. Some owners use their yachts as floating second homes or mobile offices. With high-speed satellite internet, private quarters, and business facilities, it's entirely possible to live and work from your yacht while sailing around the world. This flexibility and freedom is part of what makes yacht ownership so attractive to the ultra wealthy. Given the enormous cost involved, most yacht owners don't just write a check. They finance or structure their ownership through specialized channels. Traditional marine financing is available, especially for yachts under $20 million. Banks may require 20% to 30% down and interest rates typically range from 4% to 7% depending on credit and asset value. Repayment terms can span 5 to 15 years. For larger yachts, financing is often handled through private wealth firms or even leasing companies. Some buyers set up offshore ownership structures for tax efficiency or liability protection. Holding the yacht through a corporation or trust is common, especially for international owners. These structures can also help reduce VAT exposure when purchasing or registering the yacht. Chartering is another strategy to offset cost. Owners can list their yacht with charter brokers when they're not using it, earning income that covers a portion of annual expenses. A large yacht can command $200,000 to $500,000 per week in charter fees depending on size and season. Of course, chartering brings additional wear and tear and requires more intensive crew and management oversight. Fractional ownership has also entered the yaching world, allowing multiple individuals to co-own a yacht and split operating costs. This model appeals to those who want the luxury of yaching without the full-time responsibility or expense. Each co-owner gets a certain number of weeks per year on board, and management companies handle scheduling, crewing, and maintenance. Yachts are built to last, but like any complex asset, they require regular attention and eventually replacement. A well-maintained yacht can operate effectively for 20 to 30 years or more, but the first major overhaul usually comes after about 10 years. This might include engine refits, electronics upgrades, interior redesign, or hole repainting costing millions depending on the scope. Technological advances also drive update. New fuel efficiency systems, hybrid propulsion, advanced navigation, and entertainment systems all evolve quickly. Owners who want to stay current often refit their yachts every few years, not just for aesthetics, but for functionality. Failing to keep up with these updates can hurt resale value and increase operating risks. Depreciation is a significant factor in yacht ownership. New yachts lose value faster than used ones, especially in the first 5 years. To preserve value, regular maintenance, cosmetic upkeep, and usage logs are essential. Resale can be a challenge, especially if the yacht has highly specific customizations that may not appeal to future buyers. Eventually, most owners sell or trade in their yachts for a newer or larger model. Brokers handle these transactions, marketing the yacht to global buyers and managing the paperwork. For owners who no longer want the financial or time burden, selling the yacht marks the end of an incredible but costly journey on the seas. Owning a luxury yacht is the ultimate symbol of wealth and freedom, offering an unmatched lifestyle of privacy, exploration, and indulgence on the open seas. But it comes at a steep price. Beyond the multi-million dollar purchase, the ongoing cost of fuel, crew, maintenance, insurance, and depreciation quickly add up, turning a dream vessel into a serious financial commitment. Yet, for those with the means and the passion, the rewards are extraordinary. The ability to travel the world in comfort, host unforgettable experiences, and live life entirely on your own terms.

- The Super-Yachts You Should Be Buying: Kind: captions Language: en this is one of four decks this primarily sunbathing we've got this great feature here which is a a lift shaft that goes down through the center of the boat obviously at the top here so it's letting light through the center of the boat which is lovely there's been extraordinary change in the industry in the 25 years I've been involved a large yacht in uh in the early ' 90s was 40 m and a large yacht today would be considered 150 even 160 m so uh they huge growth in the size of the boat has been the most noticeable thing a boat in the in the mid90s early '90s anything priced over2 million was considered a big boat now you know we see Salange in the show here for1 175 million EUR uh there boats priced at50 million EUR I have boats for sale here between 20 and 60 million EUR these are huge numbers there there's more than3 billion euros worth of Yachts a float for sale here in the harbor today I mean certainly the economic slowdown uh did did affect business it very difficult to tell because the volume of business is relatively small we're obviously not selling cream buns the other boat we're going to see is at the other end of the spectrum it's a production boat it's 38 M that's 115 ft built by San Lorenzo um so we're always looking for new spaces on boats this is where the tender goes you can see where it fits into there but it also when the tenders out doubles up as a really nice Beach Club fantastic area out of the sun nice these days uh building a new yacht is are the best opportunities you know shipyards up until 2008 were having a fantastic time and the downturn came and uh many shipyards went out of business some of the better most of the better shipyards have stayed in business but they're extremely busy and they're getting busier uh and the slots are get getting fewer and fewer so I mean you could put money down on a boat today have it delivered in four years time and I am certain from today's market it would be worth more when it's delivered than you pay for it

  Top Comments:
  1. @antoshahorosha [7 likes]: Bloomberg can you please do 1080p videos? We would all greatly appreciate it!

- YACHT WEEK CROATIA VLOG || Living on a YACHT for a WEEK w Strangers + My solo travel experience: Kind: captions Language: en but once you realize you're not going to be around I think that's what my so [Music] magic I got one word for it [Applause] enjoyment you the we on the Vlog baby we're having prco at Rome airport before a flight this is aviona hello she's an ER nurse which will be very helpful for me actually I have heard so much about this Airline it is about time be tested please don't lose my baggage I've seen the re C is dying but I'm so excited let's go split we landed in split and the baggage collection and flight was surprisingly really comfortable everyone had already reached the Airbnb that the guys had booked for us and we took an Uber and got going I finally ended up meeting my yach PE group we've been connected and planning this trip for over 6 months I was so scared I'd feel left out because I was the newest group member but I felt so welcome and Good Vibes right from the start L when I pass in the street bag of money in the passenger seat going home good Crossing Vibes I'm de this is sple Croatia at 4:00 a.m. 4:00 a.m. the sun is out it's a great day it's an amazing day we on the Vlog baby I got a margarita good morning this is the view every like look at that the ocean is right there it's giving little Countryside Vibes good morning from sleep I'm up after the club I up awake I'm fidget out and my suitcase is packed I have been efficiency 101 everybody be proud of me everyone is getting ready to leave we're very late we're getting ready to leave you getting ready for the boat yeah wait waiting for an U they're dying it's me and Bailey ran out yeah to the street for the Uber struggling our Airbnb was literally in the middle of nowhere and we couldn't find uberX cells we had to drag our heavy suitcases up a hill which is the moment where I truly wish my boyfriend had come along we got Uber we are checking into our boat in a while but at the marina woo everything is so beautiful look at all these Bo you know if they're ready if the boat's ready yeah she said ready it's ready okay if you head down to the the bar and restaurant just down there I'd recommend just purching there and getting a drink and they can come and meet you and then they'll walk you over to the boat home for the next week we are grocery shopping for the boat as you can see our groceries are very V that Charlie is ours this Charlie is ours this Charlie is ours that is also ours and that is also ours there's a lot of groceries M we got all our groceries we're ready for the week we are ready we are getting on the boat I'm excited I'm going to give you a boto so this is where you enter from this is like the de and then you go inside from here you can go upstairs I haven't gone upstairs yet but I'm going to show you inside first so this is like the living area space you have everything like the store STS espresso machine this the sitting area and a whole kitchen here and there's rooms on either side came down and this is one of the rooms like where I'm going to be one small little rooms here as well I'm going to go up look at that that is so beautiful there's 25 Yachts that are going to go with us we got a gift gift where for me that got this for me a yall shouldn't have some place for you to Lounge there it's pretty big Bo they're just vibing Vibes I can't believe life is real right now I'm BR I'm awake I'm happy I'm happy right now before anything else we had to shout out to my dog Bassy if it wasn't for him none of this this is time to celebrate life amen happiness I know that's right in a good time come on none of that sh I got one word for us enjoy I guess that's home for this week I'm having little cultural shock right now give me this is Georgia she's cooking for us and that is amazing thank you we appreciate you we really appreciate it thank that is good God is great thank you for this food thank you for bringing us here safe thank you for everything that we do Lord I pray that you watch over us throughout this whole trip Good Vibes good energy in Jesus name I pray amen amen hi guys I'm Georgia and I'll be your host and your Chef for this week so I like breakfast 9:00 a.m. 9:30 depend on how early risers you are I'm in charge of the outside I'm also in charge of your safety in terms of slip trips all that kind of stuff make sure you don't jump in the water when you're not supposed to jump in the water are there octopuses yes there are okay there are you may eat some SC family here what time do you guys start drinking we got a rule we have we have one house R we have rules 1 before 10 or 10 before 1 after dinner we took a water taxi to the town of tro here here we went for the yach Peak opening party at pad bar and it was one of the most fun nights of my life it was literally a whole club inside Old Fort ruins like me might [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] tast come me I'm so all of the Yards are dark together and we can just get in the middle of the ocean it's a little scary though the water is really dark and cold going into the water cannot swim so this is his Vibes this is fit we going to make it yeah sick fit we going to live it don't matter one hand for the Hat the other one for the bat yeah I'm getting on okay guys hi I haven't vlogged for a bit on this camera because literally could not find my European like charging port I could not charge my camera for so long and now I've just stolen someone else's and charged it we on this island called Mila and we're going to go out there's this o Beach new club that's opened we're going for a pool party you won't believe we came home I don't even know when we came home yesterday but we were up at like 8:30 to eat like fresh breakfast and like get the sea and just hey healthy lifestyle we are out in mm we're going exploring the city we're getting into like a a taxi to go to so cute let me tell you one thing these are I'm about to crazy right now but these are you got to speak like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] shut up and then they'll listen they like please respect me they won't listen watch this hey we hopped on a water taxi and went to the best pool party I've been to since Dubai we are here woo it looks really pretty I'm going to Miami to this ain't nothing but a Sumer Jam we're going this isic like I'm living right now this whoever said money G by happiness one more this is my favorite song we are heading back to the they just can't stop like they're so active like I feel so lazy like I'm done I'm so grateful right now this is the most beautiful site in the world do what girls yes that is true Georgia has cooked up this insane breakfast bread for us thank you you're welcome it looks so good Georgia what Happ you start off what so good it's breakfast time like we're just chilling looks so beautiful like just look at that there's bees downstairs so we ran away from them we're scared we just chilling tonight we have a garden theme party which is exciting I have no f for it whatsoever I can't believe people just live here like why am I living in that ch feel City like shout out to my boyfriend for not killing himself while I'm on this week I love you baby I haven't even looked at another man I could never so so it's uh it's going to be a little bit of drop but what we're going to do is oh my God we have to get off there F I'm going to flash everyone my ass like jump all the way down there which is like a huge drop I'm scared what's up y Le family we're in Croatia we're vibing having a great time shout out to 2024 I'm assembling my own wedge Burger I don't know it's not very appealing to me oh my God this is a lot of B like my walk out bu I'm a hill across the Blue Lake okay I finally have my camera again I have finally managed to charge it so now we're going for this really beautiful sunset goar party we're at this island called harar we going to go where are we going going to party and after that we're going to party again hey you you know where we are you know where are mother [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] get the Vib you here with the Vib [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] V yeah all the way through let's go everybody looks so good show them the fit look at that everybody's looking fit as hell we came to the island of hav which was by far my favorite this trip the best parties and gorgeous views the K DM golden R party was the most unforgettable Beach Club experience of had in my life there's a reason this island is called the S Trope of Croatia everybody I that was my turn me cold hard into a Savage if you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] me over I ain't giving out passes doing big [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] we ain't doing nothing average hotter in the summer if you West hot in the summer yeah hot in the summer I love life went from wearing Chuck tayl to B swe [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] think I'm rubbing on the genie Bott giv saying I'm just pushing I made my waves in the win now my summer H Mo to Swift for all the lame [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you asking for a favor how I know we ain't the same [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] watch high in and out lane switch they trying to earn cheese off a k but they ain't SSS never be alone I know my is a blessing but leaving I show you the TA that is I am literally not willing to wait for so long like I am dying I mean I'm not dying like I'm perfectly fine but I need water and I need food literally looks like Monaco like this is my dream this is it this is my dream I need to be on that yard but this is my dream we're having sake we're at this restaurant this is our beautiful Host Restaurant we're in habar I recommend it the girls this restaurant is banging and we're in this gorgeous old time with a cobble Street and here's our sey sker say hi say hi to the girls H what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is going on right now oh my God good morning actually very good afternoon I have been in bed all day to my boyfriend because I'm really missing this is Chris he's done eating what up Bia hey we're having a great time it's Croatia yacht week 2024 and I don't know what day it is dig it's Saturday it might be Wednesday we don't know we don't know we don't care we're on vacation we don't care on this day all the boats docked in the middle of the ocean and we did the in famous yacht Peak tunnel raft where all 25 Yachts are connected to each other and you can hop into each other's boats meet new people take your floaties in the middle of the ocean there's a DJ boat this is how you connect with others and it's a whole night of just parting in each other's yachts and meeting new people okay for Content I took my phone in the freaking water and I fell but I saved my phone but I fell in the water beautiful F that was amazing just I live I live that's all I can say # we live everybody's here eating tacos okay now they're getting on my ride let's go I on my mind TN [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] twin [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] the I wish now this has happened to James you got it you got it you got it you when theic there's a boat party going on in the next year and I refuse to go down so I'm just sitting with these two we are too lazy to go there in the crowd so can you match me I like luxury I like fancy things shine on my live like royalty treat you like aing iust but must Bey of crown I'm not anybody I finally got some gelato I can't believe I don't have gelato in Italy yeah strawberry gelato n it is officially our last night the yach how you feeling I feel great right now still getting ready lotion take care of their skin so we're going to this class home 585 I am so tired I had a really long nap Sam is responsibly doing the dishes and then he will sleep on time I think are you going to stay up with us I'm going to stay up oh CH hey this is stolen Arts right here stolen Arts stolen Arts right here one of a kind check them out on Instagram adding life today except him he doesn't they didn't tell me they didn't tell me right the speaker I love it I love it jumping up the blowing my ja got the L jumping the everything I do is got the jumping out the b another Milestone look at that paper boy I'm my paper R till I'm six down on my back I've had this B for 45 minutes get my we've dropped glasses we've dropped everything it's so cold it's so cold you guys have no idea I have a covered up like I'm very good sh and I'm just so cold you see this you see this I'm only vlogging because you should know this but I am freezing I am sleepy I need food everything shuts at 8 here I don't know how to turn on the microwave because I can't have Raben it's only chicken Raben there's so much Raben my yach it's there I see it bye-bye bye-bye thank you for being so wonderful the best host and the best skipper n n n n you

  Top Comments:
  1. @chrispillay-h1b [7 likes]: Bhavya deserves her own Netflix show, the dedication is outstanding
  2. @rockko8191 [3 likes]: You have covered the whole week very well and it's a well paced vlog. I have been a media producer for past 10 years and with all my experience I can say your skills in film making and editing is excellent. Genz is certainly way ahead than us.
  3. @LaRochePosay04 [3 likes]: Loved it ! Also love that you got out of your comfort zone. It's not so common for brown girls.
  4. @JazaMirzaa [3 likes]: ENJOYMENTTTTT!!!!
  5. @Pyaaregurudev_official [1 likes]: How did you booked it with different people strangers like what website
  6. @fallacyfallout6985 [1 likes]: Your editing!!
  7. @TheRealMask2006 [1 likes]: What a fun vlog❤🎉
Have a few questions, though. Were they complete strangers? How difficult was it to blend in with them? How did you convince yourself to go on this trip? Would it have been more fun with friends rather than strangers?
  8. @MadhuriSarkar-k7q: What I love most about your vlogs is the connection we feel as a community. You create content that's not just entertaining but also thought-provoking. Your passion shines through in every video, and it's clear that you're dedicated to sharing your experiences and insights with us. Thank you for being such an amazing creator🥹🫶🏻
  9. @commonsense1019: LOL 14:30 she looked uncomfortable
  10. @SultanHasanKhan: Another awesome vlog mam love from Pakistan
  11. @lilysingh-f3y: Bhavya dii i have few questions..
How did you start your solo travelling journey? 
How did you meet new people?
What were your safety tips for female solo travellors?
  12. @shubhangiingle6177: Travel guide plsss <3
  13. @kanak4163: not me vibing in my bed
  14. @dishayadav5275: Hey can u make a video on how much the total expenses were for the entire Europe trip
  15. @chrispillay-h1b: I can feel the energy thru d screen
  16. @thoughtfulharshit: 14:44 she turned the camera to that girl and said "everybody is looking fit as hell", i died laughing
  17. @cozy_cherie: ❤❤loved this vlog!! The energy
  18. @beautifullady3748: Amazing vlog❤ Eagerly waiting for your manifestation video😘 Please upload it soon😍

- My Honest Advice on How to get into the Yachting Industry: Kind: captions Language: en getting into the yachting industry has completely changed my life the career change has brought amazing relationships once in a lifetime opportunities and surprisingly good finances but it all started with my desire to travel when I was in college I decided I wanted to travel full-time and since I couldn't afford to build my own boat at the time yach didn't seem like a good idea so the day after I graduated college I went down to Fort Lauderdale Florida did all my training got on a brand new stateof the our 80m charter yacht called excellent 6 all within 1 month over the next few years I traveled through the Mediterranean and the Caribbean taking care of high-profile guests like Bill Gates Chris Jenner and a lot of Russian billionaires you've probably never heard of I was even invited to be part of the hit reality TV show below de saling yacht which profiles the hidden dramas and lifestyles of the crew who work on these luxury Yachts I now own my own yacht which is crazy to say and I'm currently traveling around the world aboard it and I still take breaks to work in the yacht charter industry so this is one topic that I actually feel very qualified to help you with after being on the show the question that I get asked all the time is how do I get into the audient industry so today once and for all I'm going to answer that question and any other questions you may have or don't know that you're going to have and I'm going to run through a lot but just stick with me because it's actually super easy and you can do this so how do you actually do it the first thing you're going to need is your stcw it stands for standards of training and certificate of watchkeeping the international Maritime organization requires that all working seafarers have this training so you're going to need it so as soon as you finish watching this video book that course because it's your first step it's actually a really fun course it teaches you the basics of first aid and life saving you're going to learn CPR firefighting and you get to jump into a life raft wearing these sweet Gumby like survival suits news flash if you're in the middle of the ocean and there's a medical emergency or God forbid there's a fire you're the first responder and it's part of your job to be able to handle it the stcw certificate lasts for 5 years and after that you're going to need to do a refresher course the next step is to get yourg one this is basically a physical to ensure that you're in fit working condition to be aboard the Y it's nothing to worry about super easy exam the doctor's going to listen to your heart and lungs they're going to take your blood pressure they're going to ask you questions about your medical history including drinking and smoking tell them you're healthy and they'll take a urine sample to test for kidney function don't worry it's not a drug test the one thing that actually slips a lot of people up is the color blind test so before you spend any money on these qualifications find out if you're at all color blind cuz you might be surprised further education it should be noted that you don't need a college degree to get into the yachting industry but if you do have one it's probably going to help you get on a better boat because it just gives you that extra layer honestly the best thing to have on your CV that's a resume if you don't know is lifeguard water sports carpentry Plumbing electrical child care service industry physical therapist masseuse and if you speak more than one language you're going to stand out remember they're not just hiring you to clean dishes the best V are looking for well-rounded personable individuals to take care of highing clients every need and if anyone ever asks you why you want to work in Charter it's not because you want to make money it's because you love fast-paced work environments and you love taking care of people as far as further yacht training to get your first job you don't need anything else but I do have some recommendations to help you make your chances better for de can you're going to want to get your powerboat level two well technically you're going to get level one and two it's a basic theoretical and practical training for how to maneuver power boats it only cost a couple hundred the course takes two days typically and it's actually a lot of fun I got to do mine in Fort Lauderdale and we actually drove a pretty sweet boat through the canals practiced docking and we tested on the rules of the road so to speak which way do you turn when there's a boat on a collision course with you what do these markers mean etc etc good yacht programs are going to want to know that you can operate the tender safely I've driven tenders worth over a million dollar filled with guests worth over a billion dollars so it's kind of a big deal this certificate is one way for you to help yourself stand out from the crowd when trying to get that first job and trust me you don't want to learn how to drive the tender for the first time in front of your whole crew for engineers you can go for aec1 and two aec stands for Approved engine course it'll basically expand your knowledge on the maintenance and the service of engines on board it's typically a Hands-On course lasts about a week and is relatively easy to get through I've actually completed this course as a deck hand because a specific yacht wanted me to for the Manning requirements of the vessel and I can say it's a really fun course super easy too for steart s's the equivalent is the Silver Service courses you don't need them to get a job but having the certificate will help you get a better job faster Silver Service 1 and2 is super affordable and it only takes a couple days to complete it'll teach you about how to deliver high-end service to your guest you'll cover topics like the terminology me and plus how to set up a Beach barbecue table decorations religious considerations when serving and a lot more even if you've worked in a high-end restaurant you're coming from the service industry these courses are still a really good idea and you're less likely to piss off your Chief stew once you get to that first job I can also recommend the course for basic housekeeping and laundry trust me it's way more complicated than you think again these aren't requirements but you can go so far as to take courses for basic bartending uh plant maintenance and floristry and cigar service and wine appreciation a lot of these courses are fun but don't get stuck in this Loop of doing all this training before you apply for your first job on a good boat your head of Department can teach you most of this on the fly a lot of yachting is fake it until you make it all right where to do it so the first thing you need to understand is although some Yachts are World touring these Expedition Yachts are rare and more difficult to land a job on when you're first getting started out most Charter Yachts operate two seasons one in the Mediterranean between May and October and one in the Caribbean between November and April that being said although there's lots of places to do your training the best three places are Fort Lauderdale Florida on tebs France and Palma Spain these three locations are going to house everything you need from training facilities to crew houses to crew agencies and lots of busy Charter Yachts who are always hiring where you go for your training is obviously going to depend on your current location your passport limitations price and which Charter season is approaching but I can tell you from my own experience that Fort Lauderdale Florida is an amazing place to land a great high paying position on the charter yacht and the best time to be applying for jobs in Fort Lauderdale is either April May or November December regardless of where you're going in these three locations I can recommend using Bluewater training as a resource I'm in no way sponsored with them but having used three different training facilities I can honestly say that the price and the experience for Blue Water is topnotch Blue Water offers all the course that I've mentioned and they have a crew placement agency to help you get your first job bonus help if you're going to Fort Lauderdale Florida I can recommend Mary's crew house as a cheap place to stay and network with other yachties there's not too much party in there so it's a good one and you're going to need to go to HMC Maritime clinic to get your eg1 it's the only place visas if by chance you are American congratulations you have landed the golden ticket passport in yachting don't waste it otherwise please look into the requirements for work visas in many cases Landing a yacht job will help you get a B1 B2 but sometimes the Visas can take a long time so please look into it because getting this visa and crossing the work visa hurdles might help you get a job because you've already gone through the process how much does it cost to get in really quickly the stcw is going to cost you about ,000 to $1,500 and the additional courses that are recommended like Silver Service or power power boat level two it's going to cost you $2 to3 $400 and your egg1 is likely going to cost you about $150 you're also obviously going to need to budget a little bit more for your lodging in a crew house your transportation and your food while you are trying to get that first job and while you're doing your training but if you are day workking on boats you can help offset that cost a little bit but we'll talk about that more in a second what's the best boat to get on to answer this question you're going to need to be a little bit honest with yourself you see there's two types of people who get into the yting industry those who want to travel and make a lot of money and work their butts off and those people who have seen below deck and just want to have a big party as a general rule of thumb motor Yachts have bigger Crews and probably stricter rules than sailing Yachts but every boat is different if you work on a 55- ft catamaran in the bbis you're probably going to have a crew of two to three you're going to Charter frequently work your butt off probably make pretty good money but you're also going to have more relaxed rules and lifestyle because there just not as much of a hierarchy there's not as much of a crew to enforce those rules if you work on an 80 M super yacht you're going to Charter a little less frequently still working all the time but you're going to have a crew of 25 to 40 people maybe you're going to make a lot of freaking money but there's going to be a lot of rules and it's very unlikely that you're going to be allowed to party it up in the hot tub when the guest off you see there's tradeoffs a crew of 30 means if one person is a complete casserole then it's not so hard to live with them because there's so many people around but if there's a crew of six and you don't get along with someone it's going to ruin the job for you in a smaller crew you're going to have more responsibility and freedom you're going to do everything whether that's a good thing or not is up to you and up to your personality on a big boat with a crew of 30 people or 100 people you're going to have a more compartmentalized job on some of the big Yachts a deck hand might only be responsible for cleaning one deck like main deck aft and there's definitely going to be a stewards who's only in charge of laundry sometimes two one piece of blanket advice I can give though is don't work on a private yacht private yachts work just as hard as Charter Yachts most of the time but there's no Charter tips and in the charter industry Charter tips can account for the large majority of your pet I have heard of some private vessels that have really nice owners and the owners aren't on as much so there's more of a relaxed schedule and there's more of this like family kind of environment so that might be for you if you still want to have some kind of landbased schedule or maybe you're you know not really into the hustle and bustle of Charter but trust me chartering although it can be so difficult it is really rewarding and the money is awesome so speaking of money let's talk about pay the yachting industry pays so well that I wish I didn't go to college like legitimately it's surprisingly good Google will tell you that the average yacht salary for a junior crew is 3,000 to 3500 a month but if you get on a good boat it can be a lot more it should be said that it depends on where the boat is if you are yachting in Australia you're not going to get paid as much as if you are yachting in the Mediterranean or the Caribbean it's just a fact my starting salary as a junior deckhand with no experience was 4500 a month with a promise that every 6 months we would get a $500 raise so after a year it was 5,500 a month additionally chter tips are usually about 20% of the charter price of the yacht split evenly throughout the crew that means the deck hand and the stewards get the exact same share as the captain the chief stew the first mate to give an example I once did a 12-day charter in St Barts and everyone on the crew was tipped1 13,300 and we were all given a gift Midway through the chter I was literally told to run ashore and spend $3,500 as quickly as I could as a Christmas gift from the chter guest this was tiered so the chief stew and the first officer got way bigger gifts than me but it was still pretty awesome I got a Caribbean exclusive tag watch by the way and the chief officer got got a lot of Louis Vuitton it was freaking awesome so safe to say the pay is pretty good not to mention you have no living expenses if you're smart all of your food comes to you and it's like steak and lobster and you have no rent you have no car payment you can literally live for free and save 100% of your income if you wanted to many people can go into the yadaan industry travel and legitimately save away $100,000 in just one year so it doesn't really have to be a long-term career for you this is something that you could do for a year or two and really get yourself ahead in life okay is it like below deck this is a tough one because it's a yes and it's a no below deck isn't scripted it's very much real but it is edited they don't show you the 3 hours that I spent washing dishes every night because that would be boring the biggest difference I can say is that cursing at your boss getting in fights at work hooking up with crew eccentric guest it all exists in the yachting industry in real life but it's not exactly prevalent and it's certainly not tolerated for very long the first year that I worked on Excellence 6 I had 3 days off and the entire year and never hooked up with crew I saved all my money and I would always respond to my superiors which was everyone on the crew saying yes sir yes ma'am it would be my pleasure and if people ask me to jump I'd say how high that is what is expected in the yting industry some boats do allow the crew to party on the boat have fun it exist but some don't at all the guests are a little different too although some guests can be very demanding and eccentric on most boats I imagine that the reality TV aspect of below deck and the fact that you're being filmed on your vacation attracts a little bit different of a clientele and my experience with yachting on really big boats people pay that much money because they just want privacy and quiet so generally the guest behavior is a little different are tattoos allowed I think that I am living proof that you can work in the yachting industry with tattoos that being said I have had to wear sleeves to cover up my tattoos to work on some boats and some boats just won't hire we have a guest who's going to help me finish the rest of the video by the way but what I was saying is that clean cut classy look is really important to some chter guest this is a really high-end industry so you have to be honest with yourself if you've got a nose piercing a lot of ear piercings you need to take them out for interviews you probably need to take them off at the workplace and if you have visible tattoos it is going to limit you in some ways but if I can do it you can do it just be aware of this as you're looking forward to getting into the yacht industry it might not be the time to get that cute little pineapple on on your wrist just just hold off on it Landing the job okay so you're either in Fort Lauderdale on tbes or Palma and you've done all your training and it's time to land the job this is where the work comes in you simply need to get yourself out there network network network sign up with multiple crew agencies as the first thing this is a service that the boat actually pays for in exchange for qualified candidates from the crew agency so if you sign up for these crew agencies they're going to learn about who you are what type of job you're looking for remember you're looking for a busy Charter program and then they're going to help place you into some jobs that being said you can't rely on the crew agencies you also have to get out there yourself if the crew agency lands you an interview you're going to stay in the city so that you can do that interview in person and you're going to show up wearing a collared shirt your hair back clean as a whistle and a belt and shorts boat shoes looking the part you're going to be very respectful because manners go a long way in the charter industry there's also a lot of Facebook groups that post job listings in pretty much every location in the world for Charter Yachts some boats don't want to pay the fee to crew agencies a lot of the listings that you'll see on there post the position they talk about the experience needed any certificates that they're looking for they post the pay they talk about how big the crew size is they tell you the programs uh schedule so if nothing else it's good to peruse all these Facebook groups and figure out what's out there but join all the groups reply to all of them call the chief stes call the first officers and try to set interviews for yourself the next thing you're going to do is you're going to print out a stack of your CVS with copies of all of your certificates from your yacht training and business cards for your contact then you're going to walk down the dock and talk to yach crew and ask them if they're hiring doc talking is definitely the most intimidating part of the getting a job process but it's necessary and I promise you it works I have been working on the back of Yachts when crew came up presented their CV and I have seen people land a job this way so it's not BS you should do it just remember to be polite be friendly and hide your crazy because the yacht crew that you give your CV to are going to assess you and they're going to decide whether they want to work with you or live with you and they're the ones who decide if the captain gets your CV or if the trash can gets your CV finally go after day work you need to walk down the docks and look for boats that just need an extra hand for a day 2 days maybe a week you're going to get those jobs you're going to get paid a day rate which is often really good like a couple hundred a day and you're going to work your butt off and then immediately add that experience even if it's just one day on a tiny little center console boat you're going to add that experience to your CV and you're going to add the captain as a reference this is going to show chter boats who look at your CV and it's going to show the crew agency that you're serious about this you're actively working in the yacht industry this is what you do you work on boats and you work hard as far as the CV goes there's lots of online resources for how to create a perfect CV the format what to say on there and there's examples of other people's CVS so go through that spend a lot of time on it because trust me people are going to look at it in depth also don't worry about not having any experience a lot of big boats actually prefer to hire unexperienced green crew because it means that they could mold them the way that they want to one of the worst things to hear on a boat is one of your co-workers says that's not how we did it on our last boat so embrace the fact that you're green and say on your CV that you are a quick learner you respect your authorities oh also that you take Direction well that's a good one some other Sound Advice that I don't hear a lot of people giving is be picky when you get that first job offer you're going to want to take it but just remember there's lots of boats in the sea and you're interviewing them too this isn't like most jobs it might not be like any job you've ever worked on with this job you live with your co-workers you are literally with your captain and your crew 24/7 so if somebody doesn't get along with you it's going to ruin the experience for you wait for a job where you get along with the crew and you like the pay because I promise they're out there I'm going to give you a bonus tip and that is save your money yachting is notorious for lifestyle creep see when you're working with billionaires and Millionaires and you see this lavish lifestyle of designer handbags and rxes and Beach Clubs it happens to so many people in the yachting industry that you get that big fat Charter tip and you've got that cash in your pocket and you're somewhere amazing and you spend all of it don't let that happen to you stay on the boat go for dollar beers eat the crew food save your money because no matter how optimistic you are the honest truth is that yachting isn't a long-term career for most people a lot of people go all the way they become Chief stews they become psers first officers captains and you can make a lifelong career of this but what is most likely is that it's just a couple years long chapter for you so make sure that when you walk away from it if you walk away from it you can because you have a big old savings account full of that money I hope that was helpful for you and I hope that you feel encouraged to go get a yacht job because truly you can do it anyone can do this and it's going to be a life-changing experience for you it is a once in a-lifetime opportunity and it's going to te show you all kinds of amazing people you're G to make some great money it's going to change your life for the better I believe if you stuck around to the end of the video please hit that subscribe button for me because it helps me out a lot and after all all this advice was free and I'm sweating my butt off here in the Dominican Republic trying to make this video for you so I appreciate it any additional questions just drop them below and if you're in the yachting industry and you have other pieces of advice other nuggets that might help other people something you might wish you would have known before you started put them in the comments too all right good luck guys you can do it

  Top Comments:
  1. @ДмитрийМельниченко-г3м [1 likes]: Very interesting video. Today I was in BlueWater Antibes, and they also advised me to start with day work. Without experience it’s a little hard 😅. In fact, this is an interesting field of activity and it is worth the effort.
  2. @oliviahouse9112: Amazing advice. Thank you so much
  3. @hereforthememories7596: How about if I cant go to thos Marinas? I'm from the Philippines.. Are there alternative pathways? Thanks in advance!
  4. @AnamaraLupu-y6f: So, I am not from the yachting industry, i come from resort entertainment. The pay is not so great, and this year I am trying to land a better paying position. I had an interview just the other day, for shore excursions hostess (you don't live on the yacht, they just have partnerships to help guests of luxury hotels sail the aegean), but the pay is kinda low like 1100 eur/ month, some meals covered by the hotel (those are poor quality for staff) and restaurants they have partnerships with on shore, and the tips are paid after 6 months and only if you finish the contract. Doesn't seem ok to me, even if the company has a good reputation, u are still at the mercy of the captain or management to pay your tips. Tips should be paid immediately, or end of month the most. I don't know if I think correctly, but after listening to you, seems is not ok paid.
  5. @houstonluc: Awesome video!!!! Thank you!
  6. @AlwinThomas-u8q: I am a deck cadet from India with a BSc Nautical Science degree, so for me to get into sailing in yacht from the commercial shipping, How would the exact journey look like. Is it better to pursue Yachting before commercial shipping experience as a navigation officer or after experience .
  7. @gabornicu7058: What is the age limit?
  8. @___lazadcaprio: Thanks man, awesome video!!
  9. @bhagwanmahar9537: Can you tell me how to apply I have got good experience  I have been working  in cruise ship
  10. @Spearheaded01: Question: If i have my seamans book from Philippines, do i qualify to get those trainings ?
  11. @viorels88: I am ordinary seaman and also I have a class in fitness,can you give me an email adress to send my cv please?
  12. @s14vko: You missed out UK, as far as deckhand goes and dealing with rough seas right out of the gate is critical to throw you in the deep end. 

Strong currents, tides, rain, winds, and the unpredictable factor is huge. 

If you can make it in North Sea and Atlantic ocean you should be able to handle most world locations when it comes to craft handling and unpredictability.  

I did this and do not regret it one bit.
  13. @BoomBoxITisyourchannel: Hi Sir, i saw your video and i loved this career.. i am currently working in cargo ships as Electro Technical Officer.. i have total 8 years experience.. how can i join your industry.. kind guide.. 
love from india to you sir🇮🇳
  14. @FirstLast-lh9iu: Isn’t the first step getting a TWIC card, followed by getting an MMC passport?
  15. @TheQueenElle: Great Video
  16. @vicmclaglen1631: Lol, I read on Reddit that Mary of the aforementioned crewhouse is batshit insane.
  17. @rossvaneeden8765: Hey Chase I’m about to do my yacht course would u say that people get the first chater pretty easy or does it take a long time before u get a job
  18. @jordaness9480: Hey  Chase how long dit it take you to finish your STWC and the rest of your Courses.
  19. @alexwfit: Super competitive industry
  20. @realralph6889: Dope video!

- Our 1 Week Luxury Yacht Vacation in Croatia for an Insane Price: Kind: captions Language: en Imagine a place where time stands still. A place with stunning natural landscapes, pristine beaches, and perfectly preserved medieval towns. All connected to each other by the turquoise blue waters of the Adriatic Sea. - [Mitja] God gave them 1,200 islands all put together very closely so that the action from destination to destination is very short. So when you combine the destination, the beauties, the history which they have, you really get an incredible combination of perfect holidays. Welcome to Ohana, a charter experience unlike any other in the world. At a price that makes the dream of a private yacht vacation accessible to almost anyone. For seven days, we got to experience everything yachting in Croatia has to offer. With the help of some of our friends, we'll be exploring some of Croatia's most beautiful locations, both onshore and offshore. All while indulging in delicious food. Water sports. And unparalleled service, Ohana has to offer. There's so much to see and I cannot wait to share it with all of you. All right, everyone. Welcome on board Ohana. We're going to start our tour with the beach club. This place is so beautiful. The color of the water, our surroundings. I am beyond excited to be in Croatia. Now, right in front of me, we have the floating island with all the sea toys, jet ski, seabob, Radinn jet board. And you're going to see us use these toys throughout our tour. Now, coming back to the beach club. It's super wide and spacious. We also have the passerelle here, which means this is where you get on and off board this amazing vessel. I also really like the Ohana name sign here. Below that, we have two outdoor showers. And the color of this yacht is so unique. It's a different take comparing to some of the other yacht that we've toured in the past. But personally, I really like the way it looks. Now, I'm going to take the steps here so we can check out the main deck aft. Now, this entire section is covered, built in seating area on my left hand side. This door opens up to a dayhead, and the center staircase takes you up directly to the upper deck. This is technically where you would bring your guests on board and welcome them to Ohana. - [Mikey] Yeah, so far, this has been an incredible experience. When we first got here, we got quite a welcome, and Croatia is beautiful. I haven't been here in years. The color of the water, just the landscape is a lot different than anything I feel like we've seen so far. - [Enes] And we have a lot of friends with us too, this time. We do. So it's been a hell of a trip. So far. Yes. Now, let's continue our tour. Long side deck here that takes us to the center of the main deck where we have the landing. Now, between the staircases and the hallway here, you can access all the cabins, and we're going to cover them later in the tour. But for now, I want to go through these glass doors so we can check out the salon. This is the heart of this motor yacht. We have a seating area here, multiple dining areas, bar on the back, massive windows looking out to these views. Phenomenal space. And before I go into more details here, I want to talk about the specs of this yacht. So it's 49 meters long, eight and a half meter beam, 14 cabins in total that can accommodate up to 30 guests, which is insane. It's available for charter. Price range is between €80,000 to €100,000 a week, depending on the season. We'll have more information about the yacht in the description of this video. Obviously, make sure to check it out. And big thanks to Goolets, the listing brokerage, for putting this trip together. We are staying on this yacht for seven days. It's a proper charter experience, and I'm beyond excited. - [Mikey] Not only are we in this yacht for seven days, but we're in Eastern Europe. This is our first time chartering in Croatia. And they have a few different rules here. So we were able to invite some friends. Why is that Enes? - [Enes] Well, number one, we have 14 cabins. And every time a yacht is chartered under a country or in a region, they have to follow their local rules. A lot of times these yachts are built for international standards, which means a 49 meter yacht would have five to six cabins. But because this yacht only operates in Croatia, they only have to obey by Croatian rules. And with that comes with more flexibility. That's why on a 49 meter yacht, they can pack 14 cabins, which is insane. - [Mitja] Normally, a ship this size. Around the globe would have five, six cabins. It would be optimized for the groups of 10, 12 people. But in Croatia, they have the possibility to make this 11, 12, 14 cabins yacht. And because of the four decks, it gives you still plenty of space to get lost in the ship. But it really brings down the cost per family, for example, or per person when you calculate everything together. And this really makes it an incredible value for chartering yacht. A 49 meter yacht in Monaco would cost you three, four, even €500,000. - [Mikey] With six cabins, that's 12 guests max for their charter rules, right? - [Enes] Correct. So I want everybody to think about that throughout the tour because this is really the value you get in Croatia. And this is really what Goolets provides you if you want to have an amazing charter experience like this. - [Mikey] Yeah, and it's been amazing so far. - [Enes] It's been amazing so far. Couldn't agree more. Now, welcome to the salon. Like, Mikey said, multiple dining areas, built in speakers. We have a really nice bar. Typically, few of the crew members are positioned here ready to serve us with whatever we want. You want an espresso? Thirty seconds later, you get your espresso. And on top of that, this opening right here gives them direct access to the galley. So when you're having a lunch here or dinner, they can efficiently serve all the guests. Let's talk about food for a second. Like Mikey said, this is the place we've been enjoying most of our delicious meals. You have a buffet spread with eggs, fruit, and everything else you can think of. - [Jack] That's very good. Thank you. - [Enes] On the spot, hot review. - [Jack] I have not had Nutella in years. It's a lot better than I remember. It's very very good. And the mix of the Nutella and the fresh strawberries. To die for. Look at this. I could be a food reviewer. - [Enes] At lunch, we were served on the upper deck. It's amazing to be able to look out and see the blue waters of Croatia, feel the amazing breeze, and be able to sit down and enjoy a curated meal by this amazing team. I love the alfredo style pasta, and the fresh berry puff pastry for dessert was fantastic. The crew wanted you to be well fed, and they made sure of it, especially at dinner. Each evening, the chef, with the help of the crew, would present and serve a stunning multi-course dinner. Inspired by Croatian cuisine. Salt baked sea bass with seasonal vegetables, a light gazpacho soup with avocado and mint, and my favorite, Fusi pasta with parmesan and smoked tomato, top with olive oil. Every single dish we get is paired with a drink. First one was paired with a rosé. Now, the second dish, this pasta is paired with a white wine. And I'm assuming based on the layout, you have one more wine to go. Graham, you and I are getting drunk tonight. - [Graham] No. - [Jack] You see that? That's my third plate of pasta. I've eaten two already. It's absolutely delicious. Probably one of the best pastas I've ever eaten in my entire life, honestly. I'm ecstatic to be eating a lot of it. - [Enes] It's so good, right? - [Jack] So good. It's fantastic. Every dish we've been served has been exquisite. I love that everything was inspired by the region we're in. I'm so glad to see this place filled with our friends enjoying each other's company over a meal and taking in such a unique experience. You feel spoiled here. We have our friends, Jack and Graham on board, and they've never been on a yacht before or experienced a charter like this ever. And they were just blown away by the fact that we have 11 crew members constantly serving us. They're like, everybody's on constant standby. - [Mikey] Yeah, I've really gotten the kick out of watching Jack and Graham slowly become accustomed to the the level of service that is provided on these yachts. They were hesitant at first. Yeah. Jack, when he first got here, and Graham were like, Can we get an espresso, please? And since then, they're constantly walking around with ice coffees in their hand. So they get it now. - [Enes] Yeah. And they're on a jet ski, they're enjoying the yacht, and this is what this experience is all about. Now, we covered the bar here. There's actually a service countertop, and this is where they put some of our buffet food here. This is where we've been enjoying some of our meals. It's just a really fantastic space. And on the other side, we have the staircase landing and a long hallway that takes us to all the cabins on the main deck. So because we have so many levels, and so many different cabins on this yacht, at the entry of each one of the hallways, we have these cabin signs. This main deck hallway houses cabin number 4, 5, 6, 7, and 8. And we're going to start our tour here with cabin 7. Now, this is a really nice space. We have a double bed here, looks super cozy. And I'm going to stop talking here because I want to get behind the camera since this is where Mr. Ayers stays. I feel like we've been doing this a lot lately. I'm getting more and more comfortable on camera. I feel like every time we do this, but. Quick room tour. The bed is fantastic. Obviously, you have to have a desk in each space. Another thing I really like, and I always talk about this, each room has independent air conditioning. So I like my room cold at night. Enes, Erman, some of our other team members might like the room a little bit warmer. And it's something we always argue about when we share rooms on trips, so. - [Enes] Not anymore. Not anymore, yeah. I love waking up in the morning and looking out of these windows. You get these incredible views of wherever we are. As you all know, Croatia has a lot of islands and there's a lot of stops on these charters, so. Each morning you wake up and you get a totally different view. But it's so beautiful and the water is so clean and blue and clear. It's just fantastic. But my bathroom in here. Let's go in. Putting on my Enes hat for a second. We have these tiles on the wall. It's almost like a sandstone feeling. Enes, you probably know what this is more than I do. It's just a nice textured tile. Just a nice textured tile. You have a nice big mirror and then you have a nice big shower. The water in this yacht gets incredibly hot. - [Enes] And pressure is great too. - [Mikey] And the pressure is great too. This, what is this called? Textured tile, like fluted detail, I believe. Fluted tile. The hairdryer, I don't use that. I don't have much hair. But yeah, it's been fantastic having this room. And because of the number of cabins on this, all of our crew get to stay in their own cabins. Actually, Mikey, why don't you show the one across from you. Across the way, we have cabin number eight. This is where Erman is staying. It's basically a replica of your room, right? Yeah, it's basically the exact same thing, just flipped. It's on the starboard side. Inverted, yeah. So very similar layout, awesome views, and there's really nothing to complain about. And, Mikey, can we talk about the doors and how you can access your room? Like Enes said, it has a very hotel like feel. So each room, I actually have Erman's key with me too, each room comes with a key card. So it's that hotel experience. There's a lot of cabins on here and there's a lot of common areas and there's plenty of exterior spaces if you do want to get away from everyone. But I'll take that back from you now, Enes. There you go, Mikey. Let's do a nice smooth little rotation here. All right, so those are the first two cabins on the main deck. Now, follow me this way. We got cabin number six, comes with two single beds, pretty spacious, of course, has its own bathroom. And across from that is cabin number five, where Shelby and Sam are staying. I want to give everyone a quick brief on our guests on the main level. Shelby Church, a good friend and a fellow YouTuber, was a prominent figure in the tech and lifestyle scene. Also on this trip, we have our longtime friend, Graham Stephan, and his fiancée, Macy, along with his one and only right-hand man, Jack. Their room is at the very end of the hall, but first, let's talk to Shelby and see if she is enjoying her room. - [Shelby] Hey, guys, it's Shelby. Come on in to my room. This is where Sam and I are staying. And it has been lovely. A couple of things I love about this room, it has really good lighting. The windows are so cool. You just don't forget that you're on a boat. Even though it does feel like a hotel room, it's a pretty good size. Another thing I like, they have full length mirrors cleverly put over here so you can check your outfit and everything. And there's lots of storage in here, so. I put some of my clothes and stuff in here, actually. You could actually fit a whole suitcase, your backpack, so it's out of the way. I've seen some hotels do that, and I love that. And then the desk is really nice for getting ready with the natural light, the window and everything, getting a little bit of work done. One thing I found surprising was it's not super rocky. I assumed we would be feeling more movement, but I think because the area that we're in, there's islands everywhere, we're not out in open waters, so it's really comfortable in that way. - [Enes] Awesome. Can we see the bathroom? - [Shelby] Yes. You've got quartz countertops. You've got everything you would have in a home, really. It's very modern. I like the finish they chose, all the tile and stuff. It has a natural feel. And having a window in the bathroom is really nice too. Big fan of natural light, so I really like that. What has been your favorite part of the entire trip and the entire experience? My favorite part of the trip is hanging out with everyone and especially hanging out in the hot tub because I just love hanging out in the hot tub and probably jumping off. It's so fun. But yeah, after this tour, I'm definitely going to go do some flips. Awesome, all right. Well, thank you so much for showing us your cabin. It's one thing for us to share what we see and what we experience with all of you, but it's also very rewarding to share the success and opportunities that we have with our friends. It's almost refreshing to see them react and share their tales with us. And I hope you guys are enjoying having them with us as well. Now, let's continue. Cabin number 4. This is where Graham and Macy are staying. - [Graham] Welcome. - [Enes] How do you like your room? - [Graham] I absolutely love it. It's incredible. Tell us about it. Well, first of all, when you walk in, it's extremely spacious. You have how many windows? Four windows, two on either side. The AC, believe it or not, works incredibly well. It cools down the entire room within seconds. You have a TV and actually fairly large bathroom. I wasn't sure what to expect in a place like this, but you have a walk in shower, toilet, sink, mirror. Everything you need is here. I have some questions for you. Number one, is this your first time in Europe? Crazy. - [Mikey] It sounds like you already knew that. Yeah, I did know that. I can't believe that we were the triggering point for Graham to finally say, You know what? I'm traveling to Europe. We invited them, what, three, four weeks ago? Two weeks ago. Okay, never mind. We move fast. What can I say? And Graham was like, I'm pretty sure it's a yes, but give me a few hours. And he literally got back to us in an hour. He's like, done deal. We would love to come. Sign us up. It's also your first time on a yacht. Correct. Staying for a few days, right? He's doing the entire charter experience with us. What has been the most surprising thing about this yacht charter experience for you? Probably the level of detail. I've never seen anybody so meticulous throughout every single experience, from the meals to whatever you need, to even going up and asking for a coffee. At any time, someone's there and within a minute it's ready for you. A lot of times hotels brag that you have butlers. And here you have 11 of them. Everyone's a butler. Everyone is a butler, basically. Whatever you ask, they just bring it up to you, which is amazing. Even Mikey. Mikey, come over here. Get over here. Shout out to Mikey. Mikey basically created this entire shooting structure here. Three cameras. I even brought the cheese plate. He brought the cheese plate. I felt like someone commented on of either Graham's or Macy's photos, and they were like, wow Graham is finally splurging. And Graham was like sponsored by Enes. Oh, I did. I remember that. What would we do without you, man? I don't know. No, I'm glad that we could participate in this. Also, we're doing an ice coffee hour. Yes, podcast. Podcast. If you guys could see this set up right here, that's the nicest camera I've probably ever seen in my entire life. And they're just so graciously letting us use all of their equipment. I know. On this yacht that they've also sourced. I mean, it's absolutely amazing. So I couldn't thank you two enough. Really appreciate it. Shout out, Mikey, in the comments. And Goolets as well. Goolets is down below in the description if you guys want to check out this yacht for yourselves. First podcast on the yacht? Perfect. So you guys should definitely check that out. It's going to be a lot of fun. And dude, thank you so much for showing us. And this is the part of the video where I really got hungry. The good thing is we're on a yacht with an amazing crew, and once the staff gets word that you're hungry or ready for lunch, they already setting up something amazing for you. And that's why I'm really excited to see what they got for today, but we're going to have to go to shore to find out. All right, picnic time. Look at the color of the water. Wild Graham and Jack. Graham and Jack in the wild. They just brought us here with the tender. Just because we're on a yacht, it doesn't mean you cannot enjoy the land. Yes, you can, but you can just tell them the beach you want to eat a food at or just check it out. They'll bring it to you, right, boys? Right. This place rocks. All right, buddy. As if this backdrop wasn't picturesque enough, the crew made this picnic set up perfectly to complement this tranquil scenery. It's so pretty, I don't want to eat it, but we're going to eat it. Jack, what's the obsession with dry meat? Dry meat? Here's the thing. Sounds really gross, tastes really good. So if you can separate what it is with how it tastes, I think you'll enjoy it. Should I try one? Absolutely. Give me the camera. - [Sandra] It's pretty good. It tasted better than I anticipated. I gotta give it to you, Jack. It's a vibe. Once we finish eating, we got up and did what anyone else would do on a desolate beach. What are you looking for, Graham? - [Jack] This right here, perfect rock. As always, it already got competitive between me, Jack, and Graham. We all try to skip. And Jack realized the key to a good skipping competition or key to a good performance is a refined rock. Rock that has a purpose. I've always known that. I saw one. Get out of my way. Look at that beauty. Let's see how it goes. Very clearly, it is not a refined rock as shown right there. I think you know what? It's all in the technique. It's in the throw. All right, guys. That's it from the picnic. It was a vibe. It was the mood. Now we got to get back to Ohana. We got to indulge ourselves back in this yachting life. So the lower level is broken into two sections. We have this side where we have two cabins and two unique rooms. we have more cabins, which we're going to check out in a bit. Now, cabin on my left hand side is cabin 10. It comes with a double bed, spacious room, two portholes, full bathroom. And on the other side, we have cabin 9. Let's go have a quick look. Two single beds, more portholes, definitely good size, full bathroom. And it's crazy to me that even the cabins on this level are so spacious. Now, coming back to the hallway, we have a cinema and a playroom. I'm going to continue with the playroom. Now, considering the fact that this yacht comes with 14 cabins, and the probability of families coming here with their kids is really high, and that's why having a room like this for kids is perfect. We have a nice unique built-in seating section here, a small table with a few chairs. Mikey, what would you call this? Like a jungle gym? No, maybe like a bird's nest? Whatever Mikey calls it, I'm going to take that. It's just a nice play area for kids, and it's just a fun room to have on the lower deck. Now I'm going to to the other side because we have the cinema, or you can call this the screening room, has a sofa, few bean bags, nice wood clad and padded walls, three portholes, and then you have a TV on this side. Now, I know, Mikey, you're probably going to hate this because you hate light change, but I have to show this detail to everyone. So these portholes are really cool, right? You open them up. I did not know those opened. Yes, they do. And we're almost at the water level. It's just fun. I mean, look at the screening room here. When you're ready to watch a movie, you lock them in place, and depending on how much you tighten them, you can seal them off where you cannot even see the light coming in. With that, we're done with this section of the lower deck. Now, let's go to the other side so we can check out the cabins on this wing. We have four of them here, and we're going to start our tour with cabin 11. Come on in. Now, this is where Jack stays. And on top of that, few days ago during a dinner, Jack and I were vlogging each other, talking about our experience. And everybody on the table commented that Jack and I are like the next Enes and Mikey. They said we had a great chemistry, and that's why, and since this is Jack's room, he decided to do the tour. In fact, I'm going to grab it from Jack. Here it is. How's it going? I'm Jack. This is my room. And I've already told Enes this, but this is the most luxurious thing I've ever done in my entire life. It's absolutely amazing. And I love this room. It's extremely comfortable. One thing that surprised me, though, is that they have two comforters. I don't know if that's a standard thing here, but in the United States, it's very rare, but they have two comforters right here, no sheets, didn't like it at first. Now I absolutely love it. You're like, this is what I'm going to do at my own house now. Yeah, this is what I might do at my own house now. I also love that you can see out these windows right here. And also what's great is if Graham ever wants to visit me and look out these himself, he has a little stool right here so he can walk up on there and look out of these himself. So that's super nice. One thing that also really surprised me about this place is that the water gets hot immediately. Even at my house, I live in Nevada, and in my house, it takes 40 seconds for the water to get warm. But here it's immediate, which is amazing. Every time I leave the room, everything gets made. These towels get perfectly assigned right here. Everything's folded beautifully. What else would you like pointed out here, Enes? How has been your experience so far staying in this room? How about the overall yachting experience? Is it everything you expected? More than that, less than that? Well, it's been yeah, it's more than everything I expected. I already had very high expectations because it's Enes here that invited me. Of course, I'm going to have high expectations, but it exceeded them in every way possible. I feel like this is when I was a baby and my mom was taking care of me like she was following behind me, picking up my mess everywhere I go, times 10. I can go to the bar, ask for anything that exists. They'll have it and they'll have it made in 30 seconds. It's ridiculous. I didn't know what I did to deserve this. Why did you invite me? I love it. Thank you so much. Well, I'm glad you guys are enjoying it. Jack, I'm going to give you the camera back so we can continue our tour on this level. Follow me. Right on the other side is cabin 12 that comes with two single beds. Then on my right-hand side, cabin 14 comes with one double bed and one single bed. And on the other side with cabin 13, we have an exact replica. And this is the one that I want to show to everyone. The fact that lower level cabin can be this spacious with this many sections. Seating area, that's also a convertible bed. Then you have a double bed in the center. Built in mirrors with LED lighting. Two portholes. We gave this room to Collin because Collin also runs most of our equipment. He charges all the batteries, everything, drops all the footage. So we're like, Collin, you know what? Have a moment. Enjoy an amazing space like this. Comes with a full bathroom. We've seen a couple of these bathrooms at this point. Vanity, walk in shower, toilet. And this is it for the lower level. Now let's check out the upper deck aft. I really like this space. The entire section is covered. Obviously, you have your recessed lights, built in speakers, this massive built in seating section, multiple tables, perfect place to have meals, hang out with your friends, get some work done. And like we said earlier, the way they designed this yacht is really unique. It's between a luxury super yacht and a hotel. So you have the looks, the common spaces of a superyacht, but some of the common areas is designed in a way to optimize for a lot of usage for a lot of people. That's why we have multiple tables here. On a superyacht, you would just get a one massive table that can accommodate 12 at max versus here, you can have meal with 20 people. Easy. Yeah, and everything here is very functional. And I feel like this tour, although we haven't edited yet, is going to be a little bit different because this yacht is a lot about the experience. Without a doubt. All right, let's continue our tour. Let's do it. So we have side decks that take us to the wheelhouse and then to the bow. But instead of going that route, I actually want to take everybody here, open up this door, so we can check out the upper deck bar. Now, we have curved walls here. A lot of windows, bring in natural light. Seating is nicely curved with the walls. Tv is on this side. Then on the corner, we have the bar, displays, dual elevation. This is where we get our drinks and cocktails made. This is just another intimate spot for you to hang out and spend a good time with your friends. Good thing about this yacht is the fact that it comes with a lot of common spaces. We're currently utilizing upper deck bar. It's this nice, intimate space. We're having some drinks right now and living the good life in Croatia. It was actually a lot of fun. And this is the upper deck bar. Follow me this way. Now, we are on the main hallway. On this wing, we have two cabins. Cabin number two is on the starboard side. It comes with two single beds, built in desk, and a full bathroom. And cabin number three is on the other side. And this is where Zoe stays. This is insane. This is Zoe Claire, a fellow YouTuber and our good friend of four years who also has the meanest food channel on the planet. This is amazing. She joined us on our Europe trip, starting with Le Grand Jardin and now with Ohana. Let's see what she thinks of her room. - [Zoe] So we're going to start out with this insane view. I mean, we have this triple window, which I absolutely love, waking up in the morning, looking out into the ocean. I like to indulge in self care and relaxation on this trip. And speaking of self care, I'm going to take you guys into my bathroom. One thing that I love, you're going to the bathroom, what are you looking at? You're looking at the ocean. What more can you possibly ask for? Another thing that I love, not only is this rainhead shower, but the fact that they have a handheld as well. I'm a girl. I don't like to wash my hair every single day. So having the ability to just pick up the handheld, give myself a little rinse. That's what it's all about. Zoe, thank you so much for showing us around. We really appreciate it. Thanks for having me. Well, I'm glad you're enjoying this trip. We got to continue our tour. All right, back to the hallway. I'm going to bring everybody to this staircase case landing, which is on our right-hand side. Left, we have a door opening up to the side deck. And cabin number one starts here. And this is the primary cabin, which is where I stay. Now, instead of giving my usual tour and talking about some of the quirky features and details, I actually want to share my experience with everyone. I love my bed, super comfy, ceiling height is great, massive windows looking out to the views. And this is one of my favorite things to do in the morning when I wake up, roll up my built in shades and just realize the fact that I'm on this yacht. Fantastic. Now, let's come over here, Mikey. This door opens up to the walk in closet. Tv is nicely recessed in. Another fun fact about this yacht, WiFi speed has been incredible. Spot on as if we haven't left mainland. Yeah, that is, I'm going to sound spoiled complaining about million, multimillion dollar yacht, but that is something that I found that can be improved on some of these charters is the internet speed. But this one is extremely fast. Built in desk, this is also where I get some work done. Back of the bed is just nicely decorated. We have some metal panels, leather, built in reading lights, LED lighting, full beam bedroom also. So you get a lot of interior square footage. Like I said, I've been really enjoying staying here. Now on the other side, since this is the primary cabin, they have placed this really nice freestanding tub. Ask me if I'd use this tub. The answer is no. Do you plan on using this tub? Maybe, but although I have a tub here, we are in the middle of the sea. I just enjoy waking up in the morning, going for a little dip, drinking my espresso, and that's how I've been starting my day. It's a fantastic way to wake up. The water is nice and refreshing. Nothing gets you going like diving in there. We also have a built in seating area here. Captain just walked on the back. We're going to check out the wheelhouse in a second. And now I want to show everybody my bathroom. Now, some of the interior finishes on this yacht are very uniform. That's why all these bathrooms are very similar to each other. But depending on where the cabins are located, their layouts are a little bit different. In this case, this is my bathroom. It has a massive picture window. Wall mount toilet, vanity on this side, walk in shower is here. Again, finishes are very similar. And two things about this walk in shower. Number one, my water gets hot almost instantly. Love that. Number two, great water pressure. I've been really enjoying my showers. I've been really enjoying this room. Another important thing that I want to mention. Some of you may think that staying on a yacht for seven days can be uncomfortable because yacht is rocking a little bit, you're on sea. For me personally, it's totally the opposite. I love sleeping on yachts because number one, these yachts are really airtight. They're built very well. You don't see any dry walls, so the rooms are very dense, very isolated. When I when I close my door here, it feels like I'm in a capsule. It's so quiet and so peaceful, so I sleep extremely well. Number two, the fact that my surroundings constantly change and the fact that every morning I could wake up to a different view just makes it so much more exciting. And I got to say, if you ever considered chartering a yacht, you should definitely do it. At least stay on board for a night or two. That way you can try it out yourself and I promise you, you'll really enjoy it. So one of the most important parts of this experience is this tender. This tender right here. It gives you access to be able to explore nearby scenes, which is fantastic. Unfortunately, Mikey and I need to finish some work, so we thought we'll send our friends to shore with a camera for the day. - [Shelby] Cool thing to know about this town, it actually used to be a naval base and there is a castle up there you can go. The view is supposed to be really cool. I believe you can walk up to it. Might be a bit of a hike. We'll see. I don't think we're going to do it this trip, but you should definitely do it if you come here. We found a cool little rooftop here in Hvar. And the view is insane. Normally, you have to take a ferry to get here, but of course, because we're on the yacht, we could just go on that, which is pretty cool. It's a really cute town. You can walk to everything. Another cool thing is this is a shooting location for a lot of the Game of Thrones series. So it could be fun to walk around and try and identify some of those spots, but it's just a good spot to go on a walk. There's a little beach actually right down over there if you wanted to lay out. But we're going to head back to the boat and jump in the water. All right, let's check out the exterior of this yacht. I mean, it's a massive vessel. We have lower deck, main deck, upper deck, and sun deck. Like I said at the beginning of this video, I love the color of the yacht. It's different, light blue contrasts nicely with the white section on top. It's this beautiful two tone. And even the main deck bedrooms get these massive windows, which is super nice. Now, let's go towards the bow section a little bit. It has a very proud and voluminous bow, and that's how they can place that junior primary cabin that Graham and Macy are staying. Perfectly designed to accommodate as much people as possible. While giving them the privacy and the common spaces that they would need. What do you think, Mikey? It's a hard camera angle to capture, but it looks really cool. And we've never done this before. Well, I figured on this tour, we spice things up a little bit. I was like, I'm going to take the tender and, I want to show everyone how this yacht looks on the exterior. Look at the amount of covered seating sections and everything else you get. Radar on top. Beautiful looking yacht. Now, continuing our tour on the upper deck on our left hand side is the wheelhouse. Mikey, let's go in. This wheelhouse, I'm just going to take a seat here, is a little bit different than the other ones that we've seen. It's more authentic. Keep in mind, this yacht is not built to go across the oceans. It's built to operate in Croatia in these calm waters. That's why they put their focus on the spaces that really matters while keeping some of the other aspects simple and to the point. You still have a strong engine. At the end of the day, it's still a 49 meter vessel, but it's not as high tech and it doesn't need as much navigation equipment as some of the other vessels that are built to go across the ocean. And again, this is all about maximizing space for the guests, and there's a lot more to come. We also have a split AC unit. I feel like if you were the captain of this vessel, you would have really enjoyed that, Mikey. I would for sure. Now we have a nice built in seating area in front of the wheelhouse. I've been actually hanging out here a lot. Anytime I want to get away from you guys, have a little bit more calm environment to get some work done, I've been just quietly hanging out here. Captain is also extremely nice. This is where we did his interview. He is the owner and the operator of this yacht, which is something we've never experienced in the past. One of the unique things of such a yacht like Ohana is also that the captain is also the owner of this ship. Which means he's incredibly incentivized to make this really the best possible experience for the client because it's his ship. - [Josip] Yes. So my family, we started in the 2000s. Earlier, we had the one day excursion boats from the island of Brac. My father started the business in the 90s and we just changed it to yachting in the 2000s. When you changed it in 2000s, was it building yacht or was it operating yachts? Operating. We had the first yacht was completely of wood, 30 meters and my father built it by himself. Wow. And then after three years, we started with steel boats, steel yachts. Now we own three yachts in our family. We are three brothers and each brother is on his own yacht as a captain. And it's how we work and how we operate and that's how we keep the high quality of experience on yachts and for the guests. So it's really exciting to have you and your team on board. And we are giving also our best to show how it works on the yacht when the charter's because of the boat Ohana means Family. So we wish all the guests and the journalists who comes on the boat to be a part of our family. In fact, we are actually the first group that is staying on this yacht after it was refurbished. It was built in 2020. He did some modifications to it. And we are the first guest of this season, which is also super cool. And of course, I got to give big thanks to Goolets for putting this trip together. The fact that we're enjoying this yacht, enjoying Croatia afor seven days, and we have all of our friends joining us, it really doesn't get much better than that. Just as we finished filming on the upper deck, our friends returned from Hvar, eager to get back in the water. So we took a break and jumped into these crystal blue waters. We had jet skis, jet boards, sea bobs, and even a slide. And best of all, we had access to this everywhere we anchored. And with these calm waters, you just glide across the sea. How was the jet ski. It was awesome. There's so much open sea to travel on. There's a lot of yacht and different things to see as you're traveling through. And a lot of different little islands over here. So I was able to go through this little alcove in the back and explore all around. You definitely go down quite a bit. This is my ideal day. Jumping in water, like cliff jumping off the boat and then hanging in the hot tub. It's like thrill seeking, but also really relaxing. Jack? This is the most luxurious thing You a little dead from that banana boat? The banana boat was... Guys, it may have not looked very hard, but it was quite challenging. Me and Jack were struggling on that. It was very, very challenging. Being able to access the to see so easily, being able to interact with your surroundings and get on a jet ski, get on a round jet board, get on a banana boat, get on a tender, check out the islands around us. You have friends that are enjoying the sun deck. You have a drink up there you feel like going in the water, you do that. You jump from the top. And being able to do that without having to obey a schedule is I think what's special about yachting. Honestly, the fact that you can just jump off this boat into the ocean is amazing. The water here is so beautiful, so blue. It feels so nice. I mean, I'm loving this. That's enough swimming for now. Let's check out our final level. Welcome to the sun deck. This is a 160 square meter, partially covered, outdoor space, built in seating area, some lounges, these really cool chairs. Right in the center is the main outdoor seating area or multiple outdoor seating sections. And we actually spend a lot of time here because your elevation is fantastic. You get to enjoy the views a little bit more. You have a gym here with a treadmill and it's covered. You have your outdoor speakers. I feel like this space ends up drawing everybody up here. Have you used that gym yet? As of now, no. But starting from tomorrow I'm going to start running. Well, I know Erman, one of our shooters has been using it quite a bit. So hopefully he's your inspiration. You need to match his enthusiasm you know. I just need to get a little bit more sleep first, and then I'll get on my workout. Fair enough. All right, let's continue, Mikey. On our right-hand side, we have a built in barbecue. We're supposed to have a barbecue night as our last dinner on this yacht. I'm really excited for the barbecue night. Food has been fantastic so far. Chef is amazing, crew is great. Again, it's just a very pleasant experience to be on board. Now, towa rds the aft section of the sun deck, we have this raised jacuzzi, which is fantastic with built in seating around it. This might be the most used area of the yacht. I feel like everybody goes for a swim, goes for a dip, and then they all come over here. It's nice and warm, constantly ready for you, and you have more built in seating here. And because this section is not covered, it is a little bit more open, a little bit more free. You get to enjoy the scenery, the weather, the breeze. It's been just so great. Enjoying Croatia, being on board Ohana. And I really don't want to leave. How could anyone want to leave the scenery? Relax in the hot tub, have a drink with your friends, and appreciate these colorful sunsets. It's a perfect way to end the day. On the final morning, I thought I would take the Raddin out one last time to check out this cove the captain recommended that's a medieval coastal village. Erman also wanted to join and film but he had to get himself rigged up first. Too tight? Too tight. Okay, how's that? Yesterday, it took like 10 minutes. Really? That's great. With Erman rigged for success, it was time to roll out. Hold on, hold on. This jetboard, I have a special love for it. It's so much fun. The way you get to explore places, it's just fantastic. It's on another level. It's so intuitive. You're going 30, 40 miles an hour, you can feel the breeze. Then you're just carving this beautiful crystal blue water. You can just feel the moment and feel the sea and it's fantastic. Thank you so much, Radinn and their team in Croatia for putting this together, getting us one of these boys so we can use it for our entire trip. I'm really going to miss this thing and I'm really going to miss Croatia. As our trip begins to wind down, I cannot help but wonder where the time went. Although I love and miss LA, it's such a busy city, but here on the waters of Croatia, the concept of time disappeared. All that matter was enjoying our friends and the scenery around us. But the trip is not fully over. We still have one more meal that I'm looking forward to. So this is our last night on Ohana. We're back in Split. Our views are fantastic. For our last night dinner, they're setting us up with a nice barbecue night. I'm really excited. Everybody's up on sun deck. Let's go check it out. If there's one thing Americans do absolutely better than anybody else, it's burgers and barbecue pieces of meat. But I have to say the staff in Ohana hosts a pretty mean barbecue. Just look at those thick steaks and burgers with melted cheese. The sesame buns are the European twist, but they complement it so well. I eat a lot. Food was fantastic. Thinking about eating more, but maybe it's not a good decision. Jack, what are your thoughts on that? Probably going to eat more. I shouldn't eat more, but probably will. Probably will. There you go. And with a backdrop like this, it's surreal to enjoy our final meal with views like this. There you have it. What an adventure. It's funny that two friends with a camera touring houses would lead to a moment like this where I can enjoy this yacht in Croatia with a group of my friends from all around the world. Where do I begin with Croatia? The picturesque views, the food, every moment we spent on this yacht, experiencing this country and what this country represents was truly unique. Not only that, but knowing that the Goolet team cares so much about our experience made it even even more special for us. It humbles me that we got to share this incredible journey with all of you. This will be a memory that my friends and I will cherish forever. That's it from motor yacht Ohana. Hope you all enjoy this tour. I want to give big thanks to Goolets And as always, you can find more information about them and Ohana in the description of this video, so make sure to check it out. Now, if you enjoyed this tour, give us a like, subscribe, and we'll see you guys on the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @EnesYilmazer [292 likes]: Crotia was fantastic! Really enjoyed the week with our friends, lets us know who we should bring next for our next charter experience!
  2. @lailanigalvez3389: banana boat was funny😊 ohana means family 🥰
  3. @KGS-Pollux: 22:33 Screen has to be much larger. Ceiling and entrance door has to be painted black. . . and "audio"? Let 18inch-subwoofers work to give the hull a good shaking . . .
  4. @Arnaud.Del08: Très très intéressant. J’aime ❤
  5. @JayJust-ks4fr: IKEA yacht👎
  6. @TuanNguyenMinh-H79: Wow, a luxury yacht vacation in Croatia sounds amazing! How did you manage to find such a great deal without compromising on quality?
  7. @VănKhánhNguyễn-g9g: Wow, a luxury yacht vacation in Croatia for a week sounds incredible! Curious how you managed such an amazing deal—any tips for planning a similar trip?
  8. @boscmos920: Because IM just subscribe you
  9. @boscmos920: I want your tiu in the yacht liner
  10. @alexisgonzales4651: Ego of the human female body is to get
  11. @alexisgonzales4651: Kyot ni Lolo raw kaninang buwan habang naka ilusyonada nod. Teller hari patawa. Kasing rami ng descendant lines ang mas mataas sayo sa lipunan at x80 nun. Not uncommon at all. Stop being naive
  12. @wishiwassleeping8382: What was the price?
  13. @ktjamlex: Where's the sand?
  14. @mohdfahmi8841: 😊😊;*;*;;;;;;*;*;;.
  15. @pin.monkey: simple question: how much ?
  16. @jayinaz3221: I was expecting the cabins to be tiny.  The practicality of this yacht makes those sometimes much bigger boats with half a dozen cabins look a bit ridiculous.   Those megayachts that sail internationally have multiple vast communal areas and amenities, most of which would be empty most of the time since there's a max of a dozen passengers.  The ratio is out of wack, not enough cabins to justify the huge public areas, whereas this yacht could accommodate a big family or school friends reunion, complete with the kids.
  17. @NicholasReid-i8m: Im a new subscriber to the channel watching episodes I haven't seen yet.! What a beautiful area, with an exquisite yacht! It's funny to see enes drinking, buzzed, and enjoying himself. I'm in Chicago, jealous! Thanks for the video guys!
  18. @SteveLaston-ji7gv: Its funny they used a Hawaiian word for the yacht name
  19. @SteveLaston-ji7gv: Croatia is breathtaking
  20. @SteveLaston-ji7gv: Those lower level rooms should have had the same size windows as the upper deck rooms

- BEST First-Time Yacht Charters Advice | ⛵️ Kimata | Catamaran Charter in Greece: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] and it's your yacht with the captain's&nbsp; agreement you can pretty much do whatever you want&nbsp;&nbsp; during the week all the people that comes on the&nbsp; boat will have a nice time it's the rocket machine&nbsp;&nbsp; it produces beautiful coffee so I think it's the&nbsp; most sophisticated machine I've seen on any yacht&nbsp;&nbsp; so far i think first time charterers their biggest&nbsp; bonus for them is the attention from the crew you&nbsp;&nbsp; know you have three dedicated crew members that&nbsp; are really making a luxury experience um on the&nbsp;&nbsp; trip so until you've done your first charter&nbsp; this is a little unexpected i would say one&nbsp;&nbsp; of the biggest catamarans in the market at 67 ft&nbsp; there's not so many much bigger um there's a big&nbsp;&nbsp; stable platform as you can see even though it's&nbsp; a little windy out the window today she's still&nbsp;&nbsp; a nice stable large platform mostly we have a&nbsp; families and uh friends uh and mostly from America the most important for me it's what they want to&nbsp; do okay how to want to enjoy mostly the American&nbsp;&nbsp; people they don't want to be at the port but&nbsp; when you coming in the European you find to&nbsp;&nbsp; be and to walk outside to see the islands to&nbsp; see the hot spot of the islands and they don't&nbsp;&nbsp; understand but with a little bit okay so they&nbsp; you're saying they would they're asking you to&nbsp;&nbsp; anchor each night yeah but you then during the&nbsp; week persuade to see the beautiful Greek yeah&nbsp;&nbsp; we do it uh three times at the bay four times at&nbsp; the port first of all is the safety is roughly&nbsp;&nbsp; seeest they don't understood we can found two&nbsp; and 2.5 m wave yeah this is the problem and the&nbsp;&nbsp; distance from Athens to be at Klaves the first&nbsp; island is 5 hours is little bit difficult for&nbsp;&nbsp; that is not something about the Greek captains&nbsp; the Greek captains he wants to have amazing time&nbsp;&nbsp; on the boats and this important to listen if it's&nbsp; possible to be there and to enjoy they will do it the most important is the clients trust the&nbsp; broker and they want to have somebody back&nbsp;&nbsp; of them and to support them with everything&nbsp; happens yeah and explain like you just said&nbsp;&nbsp; from Athens to the first beautiful island is&nbsp; 5 hours um some clients may choose a different&nbsp;&nbsp; country or destination or the Ionian Sea a&nbsp; beautiful part of Greece our biggest role&nbsp;&nbsp; is explaining to clients what to expect yes of&nbsp; course that ultimately for 5 and 1/2 6 days they&nbsp;&nbsp; have exactly what they see on the television&nbsp; or the postcards but explanation is needed so if you're interested in uh one of these&nbsp; beautiful Fontaine pio particularly Kimata&nbsp;&nbsp; um please get in touch with DMA my name is John

- YACHT Charter Croatia: Things You MUST Know: Kind: captions Language: en Croatia has been upcoming in the last couple of years. The amount of luxury yachts there is unprecedented. It's a very popular way of spending time with your loved ones. In Croatia, surrounded by a bunch of islands, there are nearly 60 marinas, and many of them are new. Croatia is absolutely a great location. It has come up so much in terms of the boats, in terms of cruise, in terms of marinas, and generally the tourism industry. Value for money in Croatia is one of the best locations to charter in general because the vessels are very large. It's also one of our top destinations for large groups. Croatia has recently adopted the EURO currency. Over the past five years, the count of luxury yacht charters has doubled. The nature there, the Kornati Islands, islands like Brac and Var or even down at Dubrovnik, there are so many options that you can visit Croatia three times and have a completely different charter. Something that's very attractive is the 13 percent VAT, which is fairly low compared to Spain, 21%, France, 20%. Croatia has emerged as the latest upscale destination in Europe. Our service is free of charge to you. Please talk to your charter broker about visiting Croatia.

  Top Comments:
  1. @pilotguy13: Tbings you must know?? What exactly Are those things?
  2. @PatriciaPirillo-Green-k8c: How wonderful a cruise on Croiachia would be.

- Our $100k Bahamas Luxury Yacht Vacation!: Kind: captions Language: en (mysterious music) - What's up, everybody? It's Enes here. And on today's episode, we're going to spend a week in The Bahamas on this amazing motor yacht, Oculus. Now, this yacht normally charters for $100,000 per week, but we got invited here to stay on this yacht for free, so we can do a full walkthrough of this amazing vessel like we always do. But since we're here for a week, we're going to actually utilize all the amenities and the sea toys that this yacht offers. That means we're going to have breakfast, lunch, dinner here, enjoy the sea toys like the Jetskis, eFoil, jet board, tender. And as we're doing these activities, you're going to be right there with us sharing the moment. And without further ado, let's begin our tour. (calm upbeat music) I'm literally in the water with sharks here in Bahamas, and it's all for you guys. Literally feels like fine concrete. It's like, it's so powder. I mean, it's like- - It's like powder. - it's powder. - [Mikey] You've become such an island boy the last few days. - Oh, for sure. Thanks to you guys. - [Jason] Subscribe. Our trip began in Nassau, the largest town in The Bahamas. We flew in on a small prop plane, and everyone was super excited. We knew right away when we got to The Bahamas that this trip was going to be different than anything we had ever experienced before. The yacht was docked in a small marina, near the famous Atlantis Hotel. The check-in process for the yacht was extremely simple. You just pull up to the dock, and they load up all your bags and put them in your cabin. The marina had a lot of really cool shops and restaurants, so we had to spend some time to explore. We are truly out of our comfort zone in the Bahamas. We might be pushing it a little too much. We'll see how everything goes. Here, follow. Although we wanted to spend some more time and explore the hotel, they had made an incredible meal that was waiting for us back on the yacht. So it's 9:00 PM right now. It's our first night on this yacht, and we just got dinner served. In case you don't know, these charter yachts comes with their own private chefs. And whether it's your lunch, breakfast, and dinner, you get multiple courses served to you based on the foods that you like. Tonight, we're having steak, mashed potatoes, and few sides. Looks really delicious. And those last two seats at the end of the table is for me and Mikey, and we're gonna join them. (reggae music) - [Mikey] How's the food, Zoe? - It's so good. - [Mikey] Yeah? - I'm a foodie connoisseur, and I give it a 10 out of 10. - [Mikey] A 10 out of 10. (laughs) - The meal was incredible. And after dinner, we talked in the salon about what we were going to do for the next week. We wanted to explore the shops and the nightlife surrounding the yacht. But instead, we went to bed early so we could wake up at 5:00 AM and see the vessel leave at sunrise. The next morning, as the sun came up, we left the port in Nassau, heading to our first destination. Our first stop was a small island where we would anchor up for the next two days, which we will explore later in the tour. But before we do that, let's show you around the yacht, so you can see what makes this charter so special. All right, everyone. Here we are on the aft deck on the main level. Now, before we start our tour, I wanna give a little bit of information about this vessel. This is a 120-foot motor yacht called Oculus. It has five guest state rooms including the owner's cabin. It can accommodate up to 10 guests, and it has seven crew members that works on board. Now, this yacht is available for charters starting from $100,000 per week. It is also available for sale with a listing price of $6,995,000. And as always, you can find more information about this vessel down in the description of this video. Now, we are currently on the aft deck. We have two side decks leading us to the bow, as well as going down to the lower deck where we have the garage. We currently have all the toys out right now. That part of the yacht is really exciting, and we're gonna talk about that later in the video. Now, this space is phenomenal, nicely covered. We have recessed lights, built-in seating here, and this is where you get on board, enjoy this yacht before you step inside. Now, Mikey, let's show some of the details. We have a wet bar here. Door opening up to the side deck. This massive glass assembly here with two doors leading us to the dining area. And we have a small fridge here for your cold drinks. That way, as you get on board, you can grab a drink, enjoy your time here. Now, Mikey, you ready? We have this door taking us straight to the formal dining room area. Now, this is a great open space off of the entry. We got a beautiful marble table right in the center that sits eight people. Gloss wood panels on the walls. Two doors opening up to the side decks, and you get a phenomenal view of the backside of the yacht from here. Last night when we were in Nassau, we actually had an awesome dinner here. It is just a phenomenal cozy space in case you wanna dine here rather than dining outside because what's the point of a yacht, right? We are in The Bahamas right now. You can eat or dine outside, but when you have bad weather, you still have a space like this. - [Mikey] Yeah, and there was nothing to complain about. We also had a meal outside this morning, but we'll get there in a little bit. - In a bit. Now, that's it for the formal dining room area. Right next door, we have the grand salon. Now, this is another open space where people hang out, congregate, watch TV. Same gloss wood paneling details are also here. Above us, we have the recessed lights and cove ceiling-like detail to set the mood. You have your built-in seating with a marble table right in the center. And the views. We are here in Bahamas and through your windows, you can actually enjoy the crystal clear waters, and it's phenomenal. - [Mikey] Yeah, we are actually at this anchoring site called Shroud Cay. So we're on a pretty common route that a lot of these mega yachts take through The Bahamas, starting in Nassau and kind of island hopping around. But when you look around, we have just turquoise, crystal clear blue water. We have this awesome island here that actually has this really cool river that runs through it. We're gonna go explore that later on Jet Skis, so make sure to stick around for that. - Absolutely, it's gonna be an awesome day. And couple more details here, Mikey, we have the same hardwood floors goes into the space and this grand salon is divided from the formal dining room area with a built-in cabinetry that also serves as your bar top. That way, when you serve food, you can actually place all your plates there, all that good stuff. Now, I wanna bring everybody here. We have this door opening up to the galley where the private chef of this yacht prepares the food for breakfast, dinner, and lunch. It's a nice convenient spot for the chef. And going around the corner, we have this hallway taking us to the day head. And at the end, we have the door opening up to the owner's cabin that we're gonna check out in a bit. We have the main staircase going up to the upper deck and taking us down to the guest quarters. Let's check it out. Lower level starts here, and we have this long hallway that takes us to a few of the guest cabins. This door opens up to the washer and dryer, so it's conveniently located. And we have the first door on my right-hand side opening up to the first guest quarters. Two single beds here. Same wood paneling throughout. Even the ceilings are nicely clad with this leather finish. You have a small window here looking out the water, and our team members, some of our team members that are actually staying in this room. So everyday, their beds are made up perfectly. It's nice and cozy. You have carpet floors. It doesn't get much better. And we have this door opening up to a full bathroom dedicated for this guest quarter. You have your toilet setup. Vanity design here. Walk-in shower with a rain head. And of course, each one of these bathrooms gets a window looking out to sea, which is phenomenal. Now, I wanna take everybody back to the hallway. And right across, we have the second guest quarters. This one comes with a queen bed setup, two side tables, same wood paneling. And I wanna explain something. The guest quarters that we just toured and this one actually has the TV on the backside of the bed because right across, we have a door leading us to the bathroom. It looks like a piece of art, but push of a button, it's actually a TV. So I had to point that out. - [Mikey] Yeah, and it's actually kind of like a cozy little movie theater experience. Last night, I walked down here and Jason was actually lying down with the pillows on the other side, watching TV in here. So it makes sense. It was kind of cool. - You just make it work. - [Mikey] Yeah. - Now, this room also has a window and, Mikey, let's go this way. This is where we have the bathroom. This one is a little bit more spacious than the other bathroom that we just toured. White stone finishes. You have your water closet here with a built-in rack, another window looking at the sea. You have your built-in shades and all that good stuff. And you have your vanity design here, very modern, with a hidden drain, chrome fixtures, LED-lit mirror. You get your walk-in shower on this side with chrome finishes, rain head. And I mean, you even have heated towel racks. They thought of everything. Now, let's go back to the hallway, Mikey, so we can check out the last guest quarters. We have this door opening up to another room with two single beds. And we also have a full bathroom attached to this cabin. And that wraps our tour on the lower level, but I wanna take everybody back to the main deck so we can check out the owner's cabin. Before we go check out the owner's cabin, I wanna talk about where we are in The Bahamas. As Mikey said earlier, we are anchored off this small island called Shroud Cay. And later in the day, we got a chance to go explore the island, ride Jet Skis, we had a great time. And I got a chance to ask the owner of the yacht exactly why he wanted to bring us out here to show this to all of you. We're on this awesome trip right now, and they brought us to this island. We have Max here who is the owner of the yacht. We've got Evan here who's our good friend and he's the nephew of Max. - My son, basically. - There you go. Fellas, it's just like there are so many things I wanna talk to you about, but tell us what inspired you to get this yacht and why you wanted to put a charter like this together? - Well, when I first came here, I came here with my daughter first. And the reason she wanted to come to The Bahamas was she wanted to see the pigs. And I was like, "You know what? I'll take you wherever you wanna go." We came to see the pigs. We came, and then I thought on the way here, seeing the pigs, I saw this paradise that I'd never seen before in my life. I was like, "Oh, my God. I wanna spend every moment "I possibly can here." - I totally agree. So here's the thing, before we came onto this trip, I had a chance to look at photos, look at some of the areas that Evan told me, areas that we were gonna visit, and you get a relatively good idea. But once you're here, once you're on the Jet Skis, once you look at this view, once you step on the sand, and this sand literally feels like fine concrete. - [Enes] It's powder, this is like- - And this is the reason why the water is so turquoise blue, it's because of the color the sand. The sand is so white that it makes the color of the water the most beautiful aqua. - Some of the people may say, you know, it's a big price tag for a week to spend, but this experience that we're just going through right now, it's almost hard to explain it. It's almost kind of overwhelming because there are so many things you're feeling. You're getting amazing meals, and you get on a Jet Ski, you visit places like this that are literally no one around. And it's all for you. All in all, it was an incredible second day on the trip. We spent a few more hours on the island, explored everything we could, and climbed to the top of the hill to watch the sunset over the island. - [Max] On top of the mountain. - On top of the world. - You have the recessed plant. - Exactly. You have your palm trees. Nice ambience. I like the little gravel design on the floor. (people laughing) You know, it's a cozy spot for 10 to 12 people. You can easily see we're comfortable here. - [Mikey] It's really cool. - It could use a little bit of landscaping but, you know, it's really cool. As you do when you're yachting in The Bahamas, the next day, we had another busy trip planned to another small island. But before we get there, let's go back and tour the owner's cabin. Now, we're back at the grand salon and we have this hallway here taking us to the owner's cabin. As we walk in, we have the same wood paneling detail throughout. Before we step into the owner's cabin, we have a day head here conveniently located for the main level, and the last door opens up to the owner's cabin. Now, I'm really excited to talk about this space because this is where I stay. And before I get into what I do in this room throughout the day, I wanna actually talk about some of the details of this yacht. This vessel was built in 1996 by Oceanfast, and it was actually refitted in 2020. What I mean by refitted is basically, it went through a major remodel, both on the interiors and the exterior to bring it up to today's standard. That's why each one of these rooms or the common areas feel very up-to-date and very sleek. Now, let's cover the owner's cabin. This is a phenomenal space. I love this room. You have plush carpet on the floors. King-sized bed setup on this side, and this is where I just lay down, watch TV, relax, enjoy the good vibes here. Now, you have the mood lighting above us. Everything is nicely paneled. Four windows looking out the views. We got a nice seating area off of the entry. And, Mikey, we need a closeup. I love these built-in reading lights, so you can lay down here, read a book, or work on your computer. You have everything you need. Now, this section, we got a nice built-in desk setup here. This is where I work. And right across from that, you have your built-in closets. You can conveniently pick the clothes that you're gonna wear for your day or night. Awesome space. I love this room. Now, it gets better because it has a phenomenal bathroom. Off of the entry, you have all these built-ins. Same lighter tone finish pretty much throughout. We have the vanity design here with a big fabricated sink, hidden drain, two faucets, LED-lit mirror. And this is where I get ready for my day, brush my teeth, just get ready for the exciting day that's outside of this amazing yacht. Now, right across from the vanity design, we have the walk-in shower. You have a bookmatched stone right in the center. Two rain heads above. Very spacious. You have your built-in shampoo, conditioner, and body wash. Chrome details, and I really been enjoying these rain heads since we got on board. - [Mikey] Enes, give us a shower review. (water spattering) - I mean, I love this thing. I love the pressure. It's warm. You can't really go wrong with two rain heads. Just having a good time on this yacht. - [Mikey] Yeah. Enes has underwear on, guys. We're not just doing this like full front. - Everybody, I love really everything. So this is a rain head review. We've done it all for you guys. At the end, we have the water closet, another window looking out the views. And that wraps our tour for the owner's cabin bathroom. outside to the beach club, garage and all the toys. (relaxing upbeat music) Now, let's talk about the beach club. In my opinion, this is one of the coolest parts of this amazing vessel. We have the platform here. First, I wanna talk about this design. You can actually lower this and put it underneath the water. That way, you can use it as a swimming platform. You can raise it up, make it flush with the floating island with all the toys, or you can raise it up even more, make it, flush with the garage. Because over here, we have a huge hydraulic door that opens up to a storage area where they store all these Jet Skis and sea toys. And on top of that, that space leads you to the engine room where we have two MTU engines. And the top speed of this vessel is somewhere around 16 knots, so I wanted to mention that. Now, Mikey, I wanna focus on this side. In fact, I'm gonna get on the floating island because this is super exciting. I mean, look at all the toys we have around us. Seriously. You have eFoil, wakeboarding gear, kite surfing gear, jet board, snorkeling gear, three Jet Skis, massive paddleboard, we have more inflatable paddleboards inside, tender on the side. And honestly, this is what makes these charters so much fun and exciting. - [Mikey] Yeah, it's pretty incredible. And Enes said that this back area will actually lower into the water or raise up. I really like it if you don't wanna have your toys out here, you can sit out here and have a nice meal or just relax like at water level. So that's really cool. - Absolutely. - [Mikey] But anyway, I think we gotta take one of these out. Take your pick. Which one's first? - I'm starting with the Jet Skis. - [Mikey] Let's do it. - Of course, the toys this yacht provides were probably my favorite part. We spent a couple of hours enjoying the Jet Skis, exploring the island using the jet surfboard, and just having as much fun as we possibly could. (peaceful music) Not only do you get to explore your surroundings, you get to ride a Jet Ski, get on an eFoil or get on a jet surfboard. It's so much fun, and we're here in Bahamas right now. Look at this, we're in a lagoon. Honestly, it doesn't get much better than this, and this is why people pay top dollar to get these charter experiences. So they get the privacy, and they get to enjoy an amazing spot like this. So it's phenomenal, and we're gonna continue. (engine roaring) (water splashing) Overall, the beach club and all the sea toys are my favorite part of this charter experience. I mean, look at our surroundings here. I just can't get enough of it. And, Mikey, before we leave here, I wanna mention one more thing. Right next to us, we have a 37-foot Axopar tender that comes with this charter. And later in the video, we're gonna actually take this tender around to check out some of the best parts of Bahamas. It's gonna be super exciting. We're gonna talk about Now, that wraps up our tour on the beach club area. Now, I wanna take everybody back inside, so we can check out the upper level. (tranquil music) Now, we're on the upper deck and we have this opening taking us to another guest stateroom. Now, think about this room as your junior primary bedroom. It's very spacious. We have the bed situated on this side. But more importantly, this is Mikey's room. In fact, I'm gonna grab the camera from him, so he can show us around. - Hey guys, I'm Mikey. This is weird. I'm not used to being on camera. But we're gonna switch roles for a minute because people wanted to see Enes behind the camera for a while, but I'm gonna take you around. So this is your queen-sized bed where you sleep, right? Across, we actually have a pop-up TV right here that lifts up. It's probably like a 45-inch TV. It's pretty big. But I don't really wanna use this because you have these massive windows that just look out at this water, and you have this incredible view. And the water's like, so blue here, it's like almost unbelievably blue. It's really cool. But I'm gonna put on my Enes hat for a second, and take you around the room. We have these gloss paneled walls over here. We have these recessed ceilings, right? And they have these little LED light reveal details around them, so it looks really cool. Over here, we have these two massive windows. They give you this alternate incredible view of the ocean. I feel like I'm kinda faking this, but I really enjoy staying in this room. And the fact that we get to stay on this yacht for free in The Bahamas... - [Enes] It doesn't get much better. - We made it. We made it, you know? This is awesome. Give me the camera back. I feel deeply uncomfortable. - All right. (laughs) All right. Well, Mikey said it, it's an awesome room. And right behind the bed setup, we have the full bathroom. Same stone and lighter tones that we've been seeing throughout, they have it also here. Walk-in shower with a rain head, heated towel rack, water closet, vanity setup, chrome fixtures, everything you need conveniently located on the backside of your bed. Just be grateful we didn't show scenes of me in the shower. (Enes laughs) All right, Mikey, let's take everybody back to the hallway. You have this door opening up to an aft deck on this level. It's another great outdoor space, teak floors, lounge chairs on each side. And right in the center, we have this gorgeous glass table. And, Mikey, we forgot to mention this detail. On the main level, we have a massive skylight on the floor here, letting natural light from this deck to the deck down below. And it's just a nice contemporary feature, so I wanted to point it out. And this is how your tables and your cutlery looks after the crew sets it up for you. That way, not only can you enjoy your meal, it's even beautiful to look at. I mean they just make you feel so special. And that's, honestly, one of the important and kinda fun aspects of these charters. Now, right above us, we have this really cool louvre design where you can either have it like the way we have it right now, covered, or you can actually open these louvres and let natural light come into the space if you want. Of course, you have your built-in lighting. Speakers throughout. You have all these chrome features with the railing, poles, columns, everything is nicely polished. You look down on your beach club area. You have a small fridge here, and this bar top facing the guest stateroom. And this is where they place all your food for you to enjoy. Another great space. I can't get over it. Views are phenomenal. And this morning, we had an awesome breakfast here. And just the experience of being on this yacht, enjoying the seas, hanging out with your friends, it's truly phenomenal. I love this space. The breakfast was just served. It looks really appetizing. We're gonna join everyone, so come along with me. Mikey. (refreshing music) this section of the yacht. Now, Mikey, before we go onto the side deck, I wanna mention, we have a staircase here going up to the sun deck Now, I wanna take everybody this way. So we have side decks on each side taking you to the bow of this boat. And as you're walking, look at your surroundings. It's phenomenal. up to the wheelhouse. And continuing here, we have two wing stations for you to control the vessel as you're docking or getting close to somewhere. Now, we're on the bow of this yacht. Now, this is really interesting. This part of the yacht is really well-utilized, and you get so much outdoor space, which is kind of rare. A lot of the yachts, bows are generally just flat surfaces, maybe a little bit of seating area. But in here, we have so many amenities that we're gonna talk about in a bit. Now, Mikey, let's face this way. Right in front of the wheelhouse, we have the first outdoor seating area. And before we leave this section, I wanna mention, we have two staircases coming up from the main deck to this level. That way, you have an easy access coming up here. Right in front of this first seating area, we have additional outdoor space, lounging areas. Retractable awning on top. And, Mikey, look at the space here. You have your built-in speakers and you just lay down, relax, enjoy your amazing views here in Bahamas. And here, we have a really cool feature that I wanna talk about later. But first, I wanna actually take everybody downstairs here to the bow. Now, these are two inflatable amenities that comes with this yacht. First one is a massive slide that we've been enjoying a lot ever since we got onboard. And the other one is an inflatable rock climbing wall. And this yacht keeps giving, comes with all these cool amenities and toys. Now, we're at the bow of this yacht, and I wanna briefly talk about the way it looks on the exterior. If you look at the sundeck, you can actually see these spoiler designs, which is kind of a unique look. Again, it was built in 1996, refitted in 2020, and honestly, with all the upgrades and refitting, yacht looks very sleek and elegant. Now, I wanna bring everybody back this way. Right in the center of the bow, we have a jacuzzi. I think this jacuzzi is one of the best parts of the bow. It's nicely elevated, so you take advantage of the amazing views around you. It's 6:00 PM right now, and we had a long day where we jet boarded, Jet Skied, wakeboard. We took advantage of the amazing scenery we have here in Bahamas. And after that, you come here, enjoy the vibes. I mean, what can I say? I love this place, I love this yacht, and I hope you guys are enjoying this video. If you do, make sure to give us a like. And if you haven't already, subscribe to our channel. Now, that's it for the bow. I wanna take everybody back to the staircase, so we can check out the sundeck. (chill music) Now, as if all the outdoor spaces were not enough, you even have a sundeck. And this space is phenomenal for a couple of reasons. First, as soon as you come up to the landing, you have this awesome bar area, fridges, storage areas, everything you need. You have your outdoor speakers. And in front of that, we got this awesome seating area with a retractable table right in the center where you can either lower it, that way you can expand this lounging area, or you can raise it up, use it as a table. We have champagne, beers. Right in front, we have this open space perfect for you to work out, relax, enjoy, or watch the sunset. Since you have this open space, you're elevated up. And again, look at the views around us. It's quiet, it's peaceful, and this is what this charter yacht is all about. Phenomenal yacht. I love the outdoor spaces. And being up here, looking at your surroundings, really inspires you to go explore what's around you. One of the coolest parts of charting Oculus is the opportunity to explore all of your surroundings. The tender that comes with the charter is extremely fast, and provided us a way to jump around all the islands and see everything The Bahamas has to offer. One of my favorite stops was at Pig Beach, which is this famous beach that everyone likes to go to that has swimming pigs that will come up to your boat to be fed by you. So not only are we traveling amazing destinations to incredible assets, we do public service. We're feeding the pigs right now on the Pig Island. We got Evan, Zoe, myself. We went through half of this bucket here. But be careful because the big ones bite. Evan gave me the bag of fruits, and they got so excited, one of 'em actually bit me in the butt so- - [Mikey] Wow. - I got a souvenir from Bahamas, all right. You guys are like little doggies. Look at this. Yeah, you want some attention too? (Enes talks indistinctly) With so much to do, we had to get back on the boat to go to our next location, another famous spot in The Bahamas, a full-sized whale skeleton that has been stranded on the beach for the last 25 years. - So Max and his crew just took us to this island. It was about 40 minutes to get over here. This tender they have is incredibly stable. We're going like 60 miles an hour, and you couldn't feel anything. But if you look over here on the beach, they have a massive whale carcass. Enes and I are gonna go explore. - Wow, this is insane. - [Mikey] Look at the skull. - It's been here since 1995, so imagine how much it's been rotting. It's so massive. This was definitely not something I expected to see on a beautiful beach in The Bahamas. But one of the coolest things about spending a week here is all the diversity in the activities you can do. We just went to a beach and swam with pigs. We saw a full-sized whale skeleton. But one thing we haven't done yet is actually get in the water, so our next location we're gonna head to is a famous spot for diving and snorkeling. - All right, so we have the Thunderball Grotto. It's from the movie Thunderball with James Bond. We have here is a little underwater cave. Right now, since it's low tide, you can actually get in fairly easily. There's like a nice gap there. There's also a big hole in the ceiling, so people sometimes jump through. You're not supposed to, we might be doing that today, I don't know. - [Enes] It might get a little sketch? - [Evan] Yeah. - We are in Bahamas in this amazing cave. I mean, we've done literally anything possible to bring the best content for you guys. So if you're enjoying it, please subscribe. One thing I maybe didn't mention enough on this tour is the full-service staff and how they're dedicated to making each stop as fun as humanly possible. From planning out all your daily activities to even setting up a tent on the beach so you can eat lunch anywhere you want in The Bahamas. (air whooshing) All right, so we just got onto this sandbar. This place is phenomenal. I mean, look at the scenery here. It's unreal. The houses, the beaches, the landscaping. And water is so blue, it's almost hard for us to like comprehend. It's just phenomenal. We are jet boarding here a little bit, sitting under our tent, and just having a good time, you know? That's what you do in The Bahamas. They even arranged for all of us on our last day to visit a small island called Staniel Cay to get COVID tested, so none of us would have a problem flying out the next day. We realized as we were leaving that the water was full of sharks. So of course, we had to stop and say hello. I mean, this is amazing. We're on one of the islands here in the Exumas. And, I mean, look at this. They just swim around you. They're not even bothered by me. As we headed back to the yacht on our last day, the one thing I have to note is how impressed I was by the ease of the experience overall. Everything was taken care of. Anything we wanted or needed was provided to us by the staff who was incredible and so friendly. This is definitely an experience I would recommend to anyone who wants to try something different with their next vacation. It was an incredible week on Oculus. And before we left to go home the next day, we had to go to the sundeck to experience one last sunset over The Bahamas. This is phenomenal. - Look at the sunset. (upbeat cool music) - All right, everyone. That's it for the tour. I hope you all enjoyed this video. This is our first time to tour a yacht and live in it, stay in it, and share our entire experience with all of you, and I hope you guys liked this video. If you want us to do more of this kind of videos in the future, just let us know in the comment section below. And if you enjoyed it, of course, make sure to give us a like. If you haven't already, Now, lastly, if you want more information about this yacht, you can always find the links in the description of this video, so make sure to check that out. And we'll see you guys next week.

  Top Comments:
  1. @EnesYilmazer [2400 likes]: Who wants us to travel more and do these experience videos?
  2. @codingai69 [2 likes]: Hey can any one name that tune name was played at start ?
  3. @Starr666-k2d [1 likes]: The nephew is so beautiful ❤😂
  4. @codingai69 [1 likes]: i been finding the music played in the start from 2 years some one help to find please 🥲🥲
  5. @codingai69 [1 likes]: Name of tune played on start ?
  6. @thomasbee5218 [1 likes]: "nephew"......."my son basically".......yeah right - it`s 2024 - enough with the lies 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
  7. @jayhurley8370 [1 likes]: Don’t tell everyone the secret bro.  Let them take carnival.
  8. @Mike144k: First time I’ve ever seen the rainfall shower in use pretty cool. Mikey is an amazing camera man and always seems to know exactly what to say at the right times. You guys accent each other perfectly. Great tour guys 👍
  9. @genericwalmart5760: Wow! In love with the place! Where’s my invite? Xoxo
  10. @geeseylynn: Enes, where's your booties?   Lol😊
Please, more touring on the yatchs.  It takes us away.😊
  11. @geeseylynn: Thanks Enes.  This is my favorite yatch.  Love this captain and crew.   😊
  12. @waskus: Man these kinda videos make me wish I was rich.
  13. @a.wodehouse2393: "looks wonderful"
  14. @SangCaoVan-H55: This vacation looks incredibly relaxing amazing it nice highlight making all americans materials experiences available training entrepreneurial they trips.
  15. @RohamBabamoradi: ‏‪19:00‬‏ oh my God 
Look who's here 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
After all these videos 😂
  16. @HaroldL.Batts52: Wow, a $100k yacht vacation in the Bahamas sounds incredible! What was the best part of your trip?
  17. @LyLuuThi-H81: Wow, $100k on a yacht vacation? That’s quite the splurge! How do you balance luxury spending with other financial priorities? Just curious!
  18. @gruesume: nice! bro ill just buy one when i get the money lmfao!
  19. @SuzanMiller-ou5kq: I have never been on a cruise although I’ve lived in the Caribbean before and love the tropics. This video makes me want to vacation on this yacht. Only thing is I would have to have the owners cabin as going below deck makes me claustrophobic. That could be a problem with my family and friends. Anyway thank you Enes for this lovely vacation video. Love the Bahamas
  20. @Steve-Cross: Getting a lovebite from a pig, has to be the highlight. 🐷 ❤ 😂

- How To Charter a Yacht [The Basics]: Kind: captions Language: en-US Hi, this is Candice with Seize the Day Yacht Charters. And today we're talking about how do yacht charters work? I've been a full-time charter professional since 2011. I've booked over a thousand people on charters all over the world from inexpensive trips for college kids to mega yachts for the rich and famous. And of course everything in between. One thing I've found, everybody starts at the same point. How do yacht charters work? What should I expect the trip to be like, what's it going to be like aboard? So that's what we're going to talk about today. Most whole book is charter for seven nights, eight days, and pick a yacht with a captain and a cook. Maybe more, if you have a big group or a big boat, you will complete a preference list in advance of what you'd like to eat and drink. And what you like to do. And the crew will customize a menu and itinerary for you, any sort of food allergies and dietary restrictions can be accommodated. And the itinerary is something you can be as hands-on or hands-off as you want to be frequently, people have one or two spots they really want to visit, and the leave the rest of it for the crew to fill and , to plan out for them. The crew are going to be experts on this sailing destination. They're going to know all of the hotspots to go to and all the hidden coves, and they're going to make any sort of adjustments they need to, along the way based on the weather, it's going to be your boat for the week. If you get somewhere and decide that you really like it, you can stay there for two days. That's happened on trips that I've been on before everybody loved it. And didn't want to leave. So we adjusted our, our itinerary and spent two nights on one Island. So your boat for the week, you can just, as you need to. On the average charter, you're going to unpack your bags once and wake up somewhere new every day. In the morning, when you get up and chef will prepare to fresh breakfast based on your preferences. And then after breakfast and coffee, you'll get sailing. Typically you're going to stay out three to four hours a day. And you might stop somewhere along the way for a snorkel or a swim or a little hike around anIsland. If there's something on the, voyage, you're rarely going to be out of the sight of land. This is called coastal cruising or Island hopping. Often you can see where you're going before you leave. It might just be a speck off in the distance, but you're very rarely out of the sight of land. You're never that far away. Once you get to your destination early afternoon, you have some choices. You can either hang out on the boat and use the water toys. Use the standup paddleboard, a kayak, whatever other features the boat comes with, or we can go with ashore.. In the Caribbean you're going to use a dinghy to get a shore. So a small boat will bring you from out in the water to the shore. And then when you get there, there's going to be beach bars, restaurants, maybe a waterfall hike, or some other natural attraction. In the Mediterranean. You're typically docking each night. So you can walk off and on the boat as you please. There's going to be cobblestone roads, shops to visit. Maybe some fortresses or ruins, it's usually a bit more of a cultural experience and a lot to take in. So, that's how the overview of what it's like to be on a yacht charter for a week. There's obviously a little bit more that goes into it, like picking the right boat and destination, and that's where we come in and help provide some personalized recommendations. It's a bit of a conversation where we get to know you and what you're looking for, and then send you a variety of options that would meet your criteria and then help you evaluate them and narrow it down until you find the perfect yacht. That's it. That's how yacht charters work. In a nutshell. If you have any questions, please don't hesitate to reach out. We'd love to help you plan your next trip. And if you liked this video, give us a like, and follow us on YouTube for more tips on how to plan a charter. Thanks again. Bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @RegularCaptain [3 likes]: Amazing info 👍
  2. @charterdocka [3 likes]: Great informative clip. Thank you.
  3. @susanmills875 [3 likes]: I would love your job, helping people, groups, couples, families find a charter that works for them, provides the kind of boating experience that they're looking for, and, I presume, traveling all over yourself, investigating all the necessary details for many different kinds of charter experiences, working with pleasant, reasonable people for the most part, and not having to put up with entitled or otherwise inappropriate behavior, I trust. Visiting exotic locales and getting to know people there would change the experience much for the better, I would think.
  4. @mel.is.on.top... [2 likes]: Me watching as if I'd ever do this😭
  5. @Queen_Peacful [1 likes]: Definitely on my bucket 🪣 list 🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉 ⛵⛵⛵⛵⛵⛵⛵⛵⛵⛵⛵⛵⛵⛵
  6. @603livefreeordie [1 likes]: Awesome job Candice! Thank you for the info. I will have to keep you in mind when I come out there. Thanks again, Michael
  7. @Tori_the_weirdo [1 likes]: Awesome content, you have a new subscriber!
  8. @ashleybcookin [1 likes]: This was informative, thanks .
  9. @chriselliott9298 [1 likes]: What’s up
  10. @minimaltechnotechnohardtec7552 [1 likes]: Nice picture ans vidéos !
  11. @reysanal-hassoni2103 [1 likes]: Hello  how are you? Great video well done. I wanted to ask you, basically I'm an agent for yacht companies in Dubai and I'm in need branching out to be an agent somewhere else where there's potential, I'm open to go anywhere to start up same way I started in Dubai. Which city in the world would you suggest to go for? Thank you for your time. Appreciate it
  12. @cryptoglenn [1 likes]: Do the crews have "working hours" if so what are they doing outside of working hours?
  13. @Jefleopard [1 likes]: Is it possible to avoid C- restrictions?
  14. @IwanH-p2z: Where is this?
  15. @CharlotteEdin: This is bullshit you speak a lot and say nothing.
  16. @alexanderprice7514: No body cares
  17. @juangranados7652: Hi. Thx for this quick info. I want to try this out. But the yachts I keep getting sent to, are 300000+ for a week?  I figure 10k for a 8 person yacht?
  18. @minimaltechnotechnohardtec7552: Welcom m'y player : https://youtu.be/gOAFf4m0KRI
  19. @qt4rmkc: How can a travel agent book for a client and get commission?
  20. @DonnaMarieinc1: im a real estate broker in dc how would i get into yacht sales?

- HOW TO WASH A SUPER YACHT | Yacht CREW VLOG: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] what's up guys welcome back to the channel the sapphire today is friday and they love to do wash downs on fridays i know i did a video i think it's my third video ever of yachting where i said i cleaned a yacht but that was just the demonstration of the bow and i explained a little bit but i'm going to show you guys the full wash down on this beauty check it out cheers so first we take off the covers you can see it's very filthy over there yeah see so this boat needs a good wash so we just take this off and fold it and then we'll start washing needs it when he was a yacht you wash everything take all the covers off everything look at that it is under the covers so this is the before look over here is this dirt that balled up i'll show you the results afterwards very important wear shoes it helps for non-slip so you don't slip and fall or bump your toes into things uh people can or people break their toes so get shoes when you do wash down and in general when you work on deck don't be like me barefoot everywhere in other rules start from the top to bottom and you'll need a blue brush some soap just don't use this boat soap and this is for drying afterwards let's get into it so my colleague is washing i'm rinsing stunning as soon as he's done washing i'm rinsing it off and then we'll start drying um so make sure you get all the soap off no soap is allowed to stay behind take no prisoners so while my colleague is busy drying this i'm gonna step down from the mask and then i'm gonna do the bridge area that is actually the bridge and i'm gonna start wash and he'll come and rinse or dry and that's how we work as a team because i need to move this need to go water on uh this is called a myth and you can put your hand in there and then wash wash wash wash come on come on so most of these this dirt does not want to come off and what we will do is we will polish the boat so when i make the video about the polishing in the future should be in a couple of weeks that dirt will come off so don't stress too much about that and if it's not as much dirt you can always use marine polish that's what i usually use i know a lot of guys use orgy i don't know why but um marine polish works for me but yeah we we're polishing the whole boat in a couple of weeks i'm not too stressed about that good prince again make sure you get all the soap off hey that's me cheers how's it you put it down to the next level so that the area that you're busy rinsing don't get soapy again and that's it okay that was not the bridge that was the sundeck okay so forget what i was saying about the bridge that was the sundeck i repeat that was the sundeck sundeck bridge now i'm going to start with a bridge my bed starting with the bridge the bridge not sunlight bridge remember you want to wash everything so pull this away like that and you'll see it's dirty over there so make sure you pull everything away take it off if you can like this super easy this one is going to keep on going back anyway so just pull that away when you wash it and you want to get to every corner that you possibly can oh hey hello thank you all this dead and it's gonna be all gone looks a lot better i'm not gonna bother trying because it's raining rain or shine baby when your room's down make sure you get the soap on the teak you don't want to leave any so behind on the thick it will sit there and next time when you want to try to dig or wait it again it's just going to be soapy all over again so make sure you get get all this soaked you don't want that to go into your chamois your deck chamois so i don't know if you guys can see it but the deck is running on a slope so it's running down and whenever you rinse you want to start from top and rinse it down as you can see it's easier than if you start from the top at the the bottom to the top you're gonna rinse forever so always go down the slope this makes your life so much easier and get all that soap and it's raining but the sun is still out crazy well maybe that's that's the cloud onto the bow and make sure you get the when you rinse it and wash it it's raining at least the rain is helping with the rinsing less rinsing for me well a lot of it so what happens when it starts raining you ask and you're busy washing well it's raining and you keep on washing the only thing you won't do is you and dry okay some captains will tell you and make a joke and say get the shammy and start trying it's just a joke don't take it personally so yeah but uh if if it rains starts raining like now it's pouring down you just keep on washing afterwards you start renting again and that's it no problem it does help you a little bit to rinse the boat and you don't have to wet the boat before you start washing because it's wet already amazing spot so i finished on a bow just in the front and now i'm starting on the slower side which is this side then i'll move to the back on the sundeck of sunday below us is the main deck so we will probably finish on that part so there's not much to wash though uh i will show you guys what we do with the teak we do give the tick a little bit of scrap with a simple green just to get most of the dirt off the deck quick rinse so this is this uh simple green with a lemon scent and we're just giving it a scrub to get that dirt off it's nothing special the symbol green is a degreaser so any oils or dirt it will usually get it as you can see there a lot of the coming that's all the dirt that came off the tick so it's just to maintain the tick so when we clean the tick properly with uh eco-friendly powder it's easier to get it clean than just leave it for weeks and weeks and weeks and it bolts up and up and then you struggle to get it off or not struggle it just takes longer to get it clean properly the final deck finally so i'm on the board side main deck and this is the last deck very small probably quick to do windows pekka and then if there's a quick scrap and then also the outboards and then obviously the inboards that i'm gonna wash so and then i'll move down to the swim platform which i'll show you a little bit later but for now also squeaky quicky quickly wash this down it's wrestling a little bit raining but this is covered the the decade so we can try this simple i just drag it with a yellow blade ah and then you will see this water droplets around the light i'll just go take a shammy nice and clean and shiny and dry and move on to the next one there you go so remember always start from the top so we do the decade first and in this site because water obviously runs down and then you can do the edge like that this is quick usually and then when that is dry you can do the window luckily today is not hot so otherwise this would have dried very nice and shiny and clean and dry look at my hair looks like a cow lick me okay i'm gonna start with the outboards so this is called outboards i'm gonna do it from the dock this is a dock that's my plucky and it's this easier from the dock because you can put more pressure on the brush and get it cleaned properly you can reach all the corners whereas if you do it from the deck it's harder to get into the corners and put some pressure on that so it's just basic simple just like a normal wash wash it rinse it and i'm not going to dry it because it's still drizzling so i'll just waste my time and we are not going to do the main deck aft the contractors are still busy so we can't wet that area just want to show you i hope you can see before my battery dies i just want to say thank you for watching please don't forget to subscribe please don't forget to tell your dog your auntie your cat your raccoon your what else the dolphin your tiger tell them to subscribe as well please and if they don't have youtube accounts open them a youtube account and let them subscribe to this channel cheers thanks for watching you

  Top Comments:
  1. @milarossouw3899 [2 likes]: This is awesome! Keep going :)
  2. @stephenscott963 [2 likes]: Do you ever wax radar arches, guidance equipment, sat items etc, or not good to do that?  Thanks!

- WHERE SHOULD I KEEP MY YACHT? 4 OF THE BEST MARINAS.: Kind: captions Language: en the Yachts for sale YouTube channel has never been afraid to ask the difficult [Music] questions should I buy or Charter a yacht should I buy a new or a pre-owned yacht and which is the best yacht for under $2 million today though we look at the question of where is the best place to keep my yacht and consider four of the finest marinas on planet Earth our first Port of cool is also the furthest East on the beautiful island of Cyprus here lies a stunning Port called liol Marina located on the south coast of the island this is a wonderful vantage point between enjoy the cypriot coastline many yachts in fact enjoy a summer Cruise of the Greek Islands before moving onto the gorgeous coast of Southern turkey and then ending in Cyprus marinas these days need to offer far more than just a safe haven from a storm and limur Marina does seem to have it all including a luxury spa and fitness center a great selection of shops restaurants and bars and a choice of Real Estate properties including apartments and villas with 650 births for Yachts of up to0 m in length it really is a very modern Marina in a very historic town offering high-speed internet 24hour security waste water discharge I haven't visited this Marina just yet but many of my friends Skipper Yachts that do regularly use this Marina and they Rave about what a great place it is to keep your yacht and moving slowly Westward the next Port that I can personally recommend is the wonderful Porto Montenegro if you watched my walk through video of the 55 M fed ship illusion you'll know that that particular video was set in and around the port and if you haven't seen that video make sure you do as soon as this one is finished the staff of P Montenegro just couldn't have been more friendly and Cooperative when I filmed there which is a great indication of the kind of reception that yach owners can enjoy this place too is far more than just a Marina and Porto Montenegro has some wonderful restaurants and bars shops real estate a hotel a yacht club and when you add to that that it's right on the doorstep of some of the most Sensational cruising ground on the planet it onlys for me to say that if you you're watching this video own a yacht and have never been to Porto Montenegro then you owe it to yourself to do so at the earliest opportunity this particular Marina has 400 births including the world's largest birth that can accommodate a 250 M long Giga yacht now for our most westerly Marina the wonderful Port Vel in Barcelona this Marina was built in 1991 ahead of the 1992 Olympics and it really is a jewel in Spain's Crown I have to admit at this point that I am very much in love with Barcelona mainly because the search for great restaurants is a passion of mine and in Barcelona you can't move without finding another spot that is irresistible to try out for food and drink one ocean portvel is such a wonderful spot to EXP explore the city from offering 150 births of up to 190 m in length it also offers all of the most modern possible amenities along with 24-hour gated security concur Services The Wonderful One Ocean Club restaurant and bar but to be honest if you stay there with your yacht you'll undoubtedly spend much of your time in the incredible city of Barcelona there are 24 Michelin star restaurants there and those that don't have the Michelin star all seem to take a huge pride in their amazing Cuisine and service forget about Yachts for a moment if you're watching this video from outside of Europe and you're planning on a trip to Europe you absolutely have to include Barcelona in plans and the last Marina in this list is far from being the least as a matter of fact Monaco really is two marinas Port Ule being the better known one in the center of Monte Carlo and font V to the west of the principality visiting Monaco by yacht is an experience that almost all yacht owners aspire to whether it be during the yearly Formula 1 grand prix or in other more quiet periods of the Year Monaco just exudes luxury and Glamour and the company that manages both Port air CLE and font VI knows a thing or two about how to look after their guests almost all of the births here are owned by the principality and so are available only for rental and actually the prices are not as expensive as you may think when compared to other marinas in the area if you are taking your yacht to Monaco you can contact them for a reservation through their website on screen now or if you're traveling around the Riviera and you need a good Agent to help you find a birth then just let me know I have some great connection with agents and we' be happy to pass them on to you now you may be asking yourself the question as to why there's no American marinas in this blog and why it's called the four greatest marinas and not the five greatest well the truth is that whilst the med based marinas all answered my emails to them within 20 minutes with great and useful information I still haven't heard back from any of the American marinas so shame on you American marinas and well well done Med based marinas for showing great customer service even with my modest request as you will have noticed I'm filming this blog today from Monaco from the North Rock and Johnson offices but the main reason I'm here is because I shall also be filming on behalf of ports to Monaco about a really exciting Marina development that they have that's going to be open at the end of this year it's very different from the Mariner in Monaco but equally as impressive so make sure that you don't miss out on that video when it's published by subscribing to my channel

  Top Comments:
  1. @ryveralexander8511 [1 likes]: Thank you I'lI parky  my yatch in Barcelona while I'm going to Saipan.
  2. @islamisthetruewaytogod6812: Hello ! May Allah protect and guide you to his light and happiness in this life and the hereafter, God bless, Ameen. Excuse me for giving a little presentation of Islam, because it is very misunderstood nowadays, especially on those « Antichrist's » times, where media and politics are mixed to distort history and truth. And terrorists (puppets of the Antichrist) who misinterpret verses, out of ignorance and political motivations, and take them out of historical context (just like radical atheists do by the way) don't help either. Thank you very much for your time.

First of all, if you have any questions regarding Islam and yourself, just open the Quran randomly, and you will find the answer in front of you, like a miracle and a sign from God.
	
Islam is an arabic word that means the Surrender to the One and Only God, our Creator, Protector, Provider, who gives us life and all that we have, we are safe and sound by his will and grace, we are His and to Him we return, and we have to thank him in this trial life by submitting to him by our free will, or later in the Day of judgment when it's too late to save our own skin. Islam was the original Religion descended to earth from heaven with Adam and Eve (peace and blessing be upon them) in the beginning of humanity. and was passed to people with the succession of the 124 000 prophets and 315 messengers of God to all nations and civilizations since, passing by Noah, Abraham, Isaac, Jacob, Ismaël, Joseph, Moses, Aaron, Joshua, David, Solomon and Jesus (Peace and blessing be upon them) during the history of mankind, the last replaces and completes the previous, until the succession of the last messenger of God fourteen centuries ago, Muhammad (Peace and blessing be upon him) to complete the noble morals of all mankind, to bring humans and jinns out of darkness into light, and to purify people's religion and belief from corruption and polytheism, and return it to purity and true monotheism, like it was in the times of the prophets (Peace and blessing be upon them).

Many Religions that we know nowadays, at their beginning were true and under Islam, initiated by one of the prophets of God, but their original teachings, history and scriptures have been corrupted over time with falsification and polytheism, or lost and replaced with false ones. That's why Islam is the only Religion accepted by God nowadays, which consists in bearing witness that there is no god besides Allah (God in Aramaic, the original language of Jesus and the Gospel), and that Muhammad is His servant and messenger, just like Jesus and Moses and others are His servants and messengers. Never a messenger of God said he was God or literally son of God, it was the people after him who changed the words of God and corrupted the Religion. God is unique and absolute, He does not need to have a family and sons or to associate anyone else with His kingdom, He can simply create whatever He wants, everything belongs to Him, and to Him everything will return. Allah said in Surah Al-Mu’minun : “God has never begotten a son, nor is there any god besides Him. Otherwise, each god would have taken away what it has created, and some of them would have gained supremacy over others. Glory be to God, far beyond what they describe. The Knower of the hidden and the manifest. He is exalted, far above what they associate. (91-92 / Translated by ITANI).

Allah means the one and only God, the God of all prophets and creatures, the creator of the universe and mankind, and the Master of the Day of judgment, where our destiny, Hell or Paradise, is decided based on our faith and deeds in this trial life, and above all, Allah's mercy. 

Allah said in Surah Al-Ikhlas : In the name of God, the Gracious, the Merciful.
Say, “He is God, the One. God, the Absolute. He begets not, nor was He begotten. And there is none comparable to Him.” (1-4 / Translated by ITANI).

Allah said in Surah An-Nisa : O FOLLOWERS of the Gospel! Do not overstep the bounds [of truth] in your religious beliefs, and do not say of God anything but the truth. The Christ Jesus, son of Mary, was but God's Apostle - [the fulfilment of] His promise which He had conveyed unto Mary - and a soul created by Him. Believe, then, in God and His apostles, and do not say, "[God is] a trinity". Desist [from this assertion] for your own good. God is but One God; utterly remote is He, in His glory, from having a son: unto Him belongs all that is in the heavens and all that is on earth; and none is as worthy of trust as God. Never did the Christ feel too proud to be God's servant, nor do the angels who are near unto Him. And those who feel too proud to serve Him and glory in their arrogance [should know that on Judgment Day] He will gather them all unto Himself: (171-172 / Translated by Muhammad Asad).

Allah the Most Merciful said in Surah Ali-Imran : Behold, the only [true] religion in the sight of God is [man's] self-surrender unto Him; and those who were vouchsafed revelation aforetime took, out of mutual jealousy, to divergent views [on this point] only after knowledge [thereof] had come unto them. But as for him who denies the truth of God's messages - behold, God is swift in reckoning!
Thus, [O Prophet,] if they argue with thee, say, "I have surrendered my whole being unto God, and [so have] all who follow me!" - and ask those who have been vouchsafed revelation aforetime, as well as all unlettered people, "Have you [too] surrendered yourselves unto Him?" And if they surrender themselves unto Him, they are on the right path; but if they turn away - behold, thy duty is no more than to deliver the message: for God sees all that is in [the hearts of] His creatures.
Verily, as for those who deny the truth of God's messages, and slay the prophets against all right, and slay people who enjoin equity - announce unto them a grievous chastisement.
It is they whose works shall come to nought both in this world and in the life to come; and they shall have none to succour them.
(19-22 / Translated by Muhammad Asad)..

God said : Say, “We believe in Allah, and in what was revealed to us, and in what was revealed to Abraham, and Ishmael, and Isaac, and Jacob, and the Patriarchs, and in what was given to Moses and Jesus, and in what was given to the prophets from their Lord. We do not differentiate between any of them. And to Him, we surrender.”
(2:136 / Translated by Community)

Salam (Peace) -------
  3. @ralphweber2522: None in the US.
  4. @troothhertz6297: Hi I need advice, what is the average berth size for harbours world wide ? Or is that a stupid question ?  I have heard that a 45 ft cat is about as big as one can go for locks as they have wide beams, ? And most locks cannot accommodate any bigger width wise ,,For harbours are most able to accommodate a 100 ft ? Or 80 ft? Am I asking how long a piece of string is ?
  5. @duellingscarguevara: Rich people have such bad taste. It is Just one of The ironies of life. Pay an interior decorator, to decorate a house, with nothing in particular, the more sparse, the better. (I am an interior decorator, ghost tree’s, are my theme, this Christmas season ;)
  6. @hygrobiology: I am interested in TATIANA mostly
  7. @gillhargrove6807: Mylor Harbour in Cornwall is the best
  8. @gillhargrove6807: All right for millionaires I guess 🤣😂😂  what a stupid article !
  9. @pookatim: How dare you sweat in a hot and humid environment while in the bright sun!  WTF is wrong with people?
  10. @chrisclarke7828: For years its difficult to get any email replies, in Asia its worse, Cebu or Manila will never reply, in the UK not just marinas but any UK company that answers will be like winning the lottery.
  11. @stevewesson5457: Hi I'm looking to travel around during the winter months as it's impossible to work in the UK.
Does anyone have any recommendations  for me please? I specialise in grp structural and cosmetic repairs.
  12. @markaikman: Awesome videos! Keep them coming and forget about the trolls!
  13. @steetonsales1: Great advice ....... however, these are NOT yachts, they are Motor Boats (Gin Palaces) mostly for loto winners lol
  14. @abdulkarimsamawi8370: Great video's David as always. Thank you
  15. @jackiecs8190: The most financially sensible option, of course, is to keep your yacht inside your head 👍
  16. @adrianpocea2287: Sorry, but this is so eurocentric it feels quite arrogant.  Barcelona was what you describe between 1990 and 2010. It is getting trashier, touristy, dirtier, unsafer. It's becoming the San Francisco of Europe. Not to mention that it was affected big time by covid. The marina in Limassol impressed me indeed,  as I saw in the shots the only place in Europe that matches the American level of comfort, mansions, swimming pools,  the one that you would find in Miami or Naples, Fort Lauderdale or Newport Beach. But Limassol is kind of in the middle of nowhere and far from the places that most rich people care about.
  17. @tomkoch7515: your target audience does not watch youtube.
  18. @dollarnentang: https://youtu.be/7CIJzIFWA5s
  19. @matrixist: Where should I keep my Yak?
  20. @bubaks2: Hahaha.. Dont mind those negative comments David. All your videos are very informational. Oh, and, that sweaty guy walking the beach, he was pretty good looking.

- Thinking of Living on a Narrowboat? Watch This First!: Kind: captions Language: en you know people say to me "Russ&nbsp; you're living the dream living&nbsp;&nbsp; on that boat." Well one man's dream can&nbsp; be another man's nightmare I'm going to&nbsp;&nbsp; give you 10 brutally honest reasons&nbsp; why living on a boat is not for you Right let's get into it Reason number one&nbsp; is storage No matter what size boat you&nbsp;&nbsp; move into it's going to be smaller than the&nbsp; average UK house which means you are going to&nbsp;&nbsp; have to downsize on your possessions&nbsp; Do you have to become a minimalist&nbsp;&nbsp; No absolutely not But it does require you to&nbsp; become more intentional about the things you&nbsp;&nbsp; own and the things you actually need which&nbsp; thinking about it isn't actually that bad a thing Reason number two space And I'm talking&nbsp; about personal space If you live on your boat&nbsp;&nbsp; with another human being or dare I say even&nbsp; a dog there are going to be times when you&nbsp;&nbsp; feel really claustrophobic and you're going to&nbsp; want to be like "Can I just have some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]&nbsp;&nbsp; space?" Well no No you can't The way to deal&nbsp; with it go down a pub go to the gym learn to&nbsp;&nbsp; love running whatever it might be But just&nbsp; know that personal space now is at a premium Reason number three is privacy or rather the lack&nbsp; of it Chances are you are morowed on a public toe&nbsp;&nbsp; path which means the general public will probably&nbsp; be able to hear your conversations your private&nbsp;&nbsp; conversations that you're having inside the boat&nbsp; On the flip side some of the best conversations&nbsp;&nbsp; I've ever heard and I'm not earwigging are people&nbsp; walking past on their phone or talking to their&nbsp;&nbsp; mates and I'm just like "Wow I would love to know&nbsp; more." Um so yeah just be aware of what you're&nbsp;&nbsp; saying Then we've got particularly nighttime&nbsp; weekends payday For some reason drunk people&nbsp;&nbsp; are attracted to walking down dark canal paths&nbsp; shouting things like "Boys boys boys," or you&nbsp;&nbsp; know things of that nature Sometimes they think&nbsp; it's fun to get on the back of your boat Sometimes&nbsp;&nbsp; they even pick a fight with your chimney It can&nbsp; lead to quite an uncomfortable situation Generally&nbsp;&nbsp; they're harmless but if you're a light sleeper be&nbsp; prepared to wake up to all sorts of shenanigans&nbsp;&nbsp; Finally if you live on a boat with your loved&nbsp; one and on a random Tuesday at half 3 in the&nbsp;&nbsp; afternoon you have an imprompt quickie just&nbsp; remember that noise travels and the general&nbsp;&nbsp; public will be able to hear the goings on&nbsp; of inside the boat So don't be surprised&nbsp;&nbsp; if the locals then kind of maybe give you a&nbsp; weird glance at times and you know maybe even&nbsp;&nbsp; crack funnies like I bet that was the best 30&nbsp; seconds of her life or words to that effect whatever moorings Now this is more aimed if&nbsp; you are going to be continuously cruising&nbsp;&nbsp; in a city particularly London Be prepared to&nbsp; play the mooring lottery where you'll leave&nbsp;&nbsp; your mooring and you won't know when you're&nbsp; going to get another one Uh it can literally&nbsp;&nbsp; take hours to find another space big enough&nbsp; for your boat Then the space you're finding&nbsp;&nbsp; might not be the nicest I've stayed at some&nbsp; we nicknamed Rap Bank I'm sure you can guess&nbsp;&nbsp; why Um yeah Now it's not too bad during the&nbsp; summer when you're cruising along sunglasses&nbsp;&nbsp; on the wind is in your hair doing a mighty 4&nbsp; miles per hour but come winter time it's not as&nbsp;&nbsp; much fun and you are then definitely questioning&nbsp; your life choices as to why you are doing boat life Then just say for example you strike gold&nbsp; You find an absolute beauty of a mooring next&nbsp;&nbsp; to Vicky Park Happy days Within 20 minutes&nbsp; someone has double mored which basically&nbsp;&nbsp; means on one side you have the general public&nbsp; towath and on the other side you've now got&nbsp;&nbsp; a metal container blocking your view out your&nbsp; windows So you can't even see the water anymore&nbsp;&nbsp; You have zero privacy like even less&nbsp; than before This is boat life in London Enjoy Reason number five Five Uh the weather&nbsp; Now I understand that you can't escape from&nbsp;&nbsp; the weather Whether you're living in a house&nbsp; a boat a van wherever the weather is there&nbsp;&nbsp; But living boat life just seems to intensify&nbsp; the weather So in the winter it does get cold&nbsp;&nbsp; on a boat I'm not saying you can't warm it up It&nbsp; doesn't take long to warm it up but it does feel&nbsp;&nbsp; extra cold on a boat during winter So make sure&nbsp; you've got a hearty supply of logs coal diesel if&nbsp;&nbsp; you've got a diesel heater and make sure you know&nbsp; where the nearest place is to get all your fuel&nbsp;&nbsp; essentials Then be ready to wage war on&nbsp; condensation It's everywhere and you've&nbsp;&nbsp; got to deal with it because if you don't&nbsp; you're looking at a mold problem and nobody&nbsp;&nbsp; wants mold So the condensation war is real&nbsp; Looking on the brighter side of life summer&nbsp;&nbsp; Yeah summer is fantastic on boats However be&nbsp; prepared to live in a sweat box And that's&nbsp;&nbsp; fantastic if you're looking to lose a few&nbsp; pounds before Holly bobs But yeah it gets hot toilets Uh this is mainly if you have&nbsp; cassette toilets If the thought of having&nbsp;&nbsp; to empty your own and or a loved one's waste in&nbsp; public while it rains trying your hardest not&nbsp;&nbsp; to get any on your shoes doesn't quite sit well&nbsp; with you then maybe boat life isn't for you just saying right we are getting there reason&nbsp; number seven is general admin and I'm&nbsp;&nbsp; talking about toilets water food and laundry&nbsp; be prepared now to constantly be on Google&nbsp;&nbsp; Maps looking for the nearest Tesco and the&nbsp; nearest lingerette and planning how you're&nbsp;&nbsp; going to stock up as much as possible on&nbsp; food and when you can wear clean clothes&nbsp;&nbsp; again Uh when it comes to toilets you will&nbsp; be forever checking how much space you have&nbsp;&nbsp; got left in your toilet because believe you me&nbsp; you do not want to wake up in the morning and&nbsp;&nbsp; realize that you had an overflow situation&nbsp; in the middle of the night Never happened&nbsp;&nbsp; to me obviously Um so just yeah make sure&nbsp; you know where the nearest place is so you&nbsp;&nbsp; can go into your toilet And finally water&nbsp; Yes there is a limited supply of water on&nbsp;&nbsp; your boat Do not use it too quickly Showers&nbsp; keep them short and sweet and you'll be just fine Reason number eight the rules The good&nbsp; old CRT right If you are a continuous cruiser&nbsp;&nbsp; you have to move every two weeks You have&nbsp; to move your boat How far I hear you ask&nbsp;&nbsp; Well there's no hard and fast rule to say how&nbsp; far you have to move your boat So that's quite&nbsp;&nbsp; uh helpful Stay longer than two weeks in a&nbsp; certain location you can be sure of one thing&nbsp;&nbsp; a very polite email letter or note on your boat&nbsp; that they may revoke your license Lovely stuff Reason number nine power What do you want What&nbsp; do you want Just let me finish this Yeah have&nbsp;&nbsp; this Yes I'm bribing my dog with treats&nbsp; Solar panels are fantastic I still can't&nbsp;&nbsp; get my head around how they make electricity&nbsp; And during the summer you are Billy big time&nbsp;&nbsp; in it You haven't even got enough appliances&nbsp; to charge You're like "Give me more." Awesome&nbsp;&nbsp; Wintertime is a different matter The UK doesn't&nbsp; have the best sun during winter which means you&nbsp;&nbsp; are getting minimal solar power which means&nbsp; you are now running your diesel engine for 45&nbsp;&nbsp; minutes just to get enough charge on your&nbsp; phone to watch the latest episode of Love Island And finally reason number 10 Even&nbsp; Hoochie wanted to join me with the last&nbsp;&nbsp; one Last one is inconsiderate Boers As with&nbsp; all walks of life you get good people and you&nbsp;&nbsp; get not so good people That includes Boers&nbsp; They will do the bad Boers will do things&nbsp;&nbsp; like raz past your boat drive in theirs like&nbsp; they stole it at a silly speed which means&nbsp;&nbsp; by the wake they create your boat then smashes&nbsp; into the side which is fantastic Uh what else&nbsp;&nbsp; said Boers will not close the locks paddles or&nbsp; gates You might be thinking that's not really&nbsp;&nbsp; a big issue However it then leaks water which&nbsp; means some boats could be grounded Not ideal&nbsp;&nbsp; waking up and your boat is basically like that&nbsp; Nobody wants that And then finally some Boers&nbsp;&nbsp; will ditch rubbish black waste basically fly&nbsp; tip any way they want which then gives all&nbsp;&nbsp; Boers a bit of a bad reputation a bad name&nbsp; and we don't want that So just be aware do&nbsp;&nbsp; you want down You go down That there are&nbsp; some bad Boers some knobheads if you will There you have it That was 10 brutally honest&nbsp; reasons why boat life is not for you I would&nbsp;&nbsp; love to hear your thoughts So leave a comment&nbsp; if you one agree or disagree Two you've got&nbsp;&nbsp; more to add or three you were thinking&nbsp; about doing boat life but I've just done&nbsp;&nbsp; such a wonderful job of putting you off You're&nbsp; like "Nope that sounds terrible." Either way&nbsp;&nbsp; it's all good Appreciate you watching See&nbsp; you next time I've got to take Hoochie out Lers I've got raisins stuck in my

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheNomadicVeteran [62 likes]: It’s not all bad though… I’ll do a video soon outlining the great reasons for living on a boat 👊
  2. @joelcarpenter8064 [6 likes]: Similar to van life
  3. @user-us3kd9gp2o [6 likes]: Just buy a house mate
  4. @relicwitch1313 [3 likes]: So... its like van life (toilet issues, solar issues, heating issues, weather issues, condensation & the odd knobhead), but you have waaaaay more space and storage, and you can park up somewhere for a whopping 2 weeks straight? Wow!
Seriously though, this was a good watch with a realistic limitation list.
  5. @theeggman4806 [2 likes]: Not even into boating in anyway,but stumbled across this...im hooked...wtfk has my life become 😂😂 love your honest stlye a breath of fresh air
  6. @Audesapere-w2j [2 likes]: It doesn’t sound very glamorous
  7. @clairwilkins3898 [1 likes]: Interesting content but this guy is full of self importance
  8. @tony7holbr [1 likes]: hmm definitely changed my mind much appreciated
  9. @PietHoofs [1 likes]: Ik wil je er op wijzen, na 20 jaar op een boot te hebben gewoond, dat er ook enorm veel leuke, mooie en prachtige dingen aan wonen op een boot zitten.
  10. @Dean-rd3se [1 likes]: 30 seconds shocking I went double that the other day.
  11. @ronflynn5043: good grief
  12. @trudilm3864: I would love a little floating home, I'm certain I could make the space work. And 'continual cruising'. I would love to see even more of our stunning country than I have already. But I'm worried my gammy leg wouldn't manage boarding and unboarding at the various heights. I really envy those with the health to do it.
  13. @MizMorgan-g2n: I'll wait for your '20 great reasons to live on a narrow boat!'. 😂
  14. @cindyfreese254: I was curious of the canal life, but I know I can’t deal with noise outside and the inconsiderate people. And that waste issue—just gross!
  15. @alanthompson-y4f: It's all part of the fun ...LOVE IT 👍
  16. @jojobaker1764: This is indicative of any boat life be it narrow boat or sale boat or motor yachts . Or evan RV life on the road . You become an expert at micro storage.  Marinas world wide are close jamed in   boat docking . If you live in a house and decide to go the way of the boat life  , unless you are wealthy beyond belief and can buy a crewed super yacht  space and privacy are things you need to consider before you make that jump maintenance cost and operating cost and dock fees are right there as well  . But it is still a wonderful way to live  . Good luck .
  17. @SteelExoskeleton: My parents lived on a boat for roughly 4 years, never once left Garstang Marina 😆
  18. @bobsyeruncle4841: sounds deplorable
  19. @markwhiting4322: Good try, but No, designing my boat, while saving the pennies............
  20. @lemdixon01: I was looking into boatlife but ended up with a van doing vanlife. The only advantage of boatlofe over vanlife i see is that a narrow boat might have more internal space than a van because its very long.

- Living on a Tiny House Boat for 5 Years Saved His Life – NARROWBOAT STORY: Kind: captions Language: en foreign [Applause] this alternative lifestyle living on a narrowboat off-grid out in the countryside having different scenery every few weeks when you move seeing different Wildlife the Tranquility of it all has saved my life and he and he puts me in a wonderful place and I've learned to live in the moment [Music] I've been living on the boat for five years now and uh it's it's incredible I don't think I could go and live in a house it's just so amazingly different living on a nariable everything slows down and living in such a small space having the least amount of things gives you a lot more freedom you feel a lot Freer you know you've got less to worry about as well for 26 years two children and was working in the pub trade with my wife and we decided to go and live abroad and unfortunately after the first year my wife became very very ill very quickly and passed away and I was left devastated uh you know I was depressed and I had to come back to the UK and I came back with very little money and in a suitcase that was it I ended up couch surfing staying at friends and family's houses and had no home didn't know really where my life was going um but I was really really depressed and nearly ended my life woke up in hospital one day and and that was a bit of an Awakening for me and I ended up getting a job with the canal and River Trust the canal and River trust they look after the canals the 2000 mile Network canals throughout the UK and I became one of their fundraisers and I got chatting and friendly with all the boaters and they were telling me how amazing it was and how it changed their lives and I just thought I gotta do that I need to be on the canal how could I you know but I've got no money I can't afford to to buy an airboat and I went back to a family member was talking about it and said look you know I've got to get out of this depression now I need a home I need somewhere to stay at because I was couch surfing and staying in people's houses that I didn't know my family relative says how much do you want go out buy yourself a boat and and that's what I did and it was only sort of like the second bow that I looked at that you know as soon as I went inside I just thought this is home I could live on this boat it's amazing and so that's how I I got the bow and so grateful for it this lifestyle has saved my life my home is 57 foot long and it was built in 2005. it's called the Liverpool build which were quite common in the days it was quite in a a dirty stay Rusty state but not that bad you know it was just surface rust and but it it needed painting it needed a rub down and never done anything like it in my life before but I managed to rub the whole 57 foot of the boat down um treat the rust put some primer on and repaint it the lovely green and so the interior I've not really done a lot inside um the chap that had it before me it insulated it with foam well he did all the carpentry in here he did all the fitting of the kitchen everything I am a full-time liver board and I'm a continuous Cruiser a continuous Cruiser is a person that doesn't mow their bow in a marina I just literally move every two weeks that's the rules with the canal River trust so for me uh moving the boat it's not a problem I love it because it's like you're on vacation all the time you have two weeks in one beautiful place and then you move on to another place and and the energy is different every time the scene is different to every time living off grid I have solar on the roof I have one solar panel which just provides enough electricity for me to to work on my laptop and and to charge up all my little bits and pieces that I need and the lighting of course and the engine also provides electricity the engine is diesel powered um I would love an electric belt but I haven't got the money to to pay for that so I'm just happy with what I've got I have also um the wood burner which provides me heat through the coldest of winters and it can get very cold in Winter we could get Frozen in sometimes and you really do need that on and it does heat up quite quickly in this bow I have a gas cooker and that the gas is provided by two bottles that I have at the bow of the boat in a container underneath hidden away so I haven't got really a lot of expenses I just pay the canal River truster fee to to live on the canal there's the insurance to pay things like that maintenance of the boat the blacking that needs doing where the boat comes out of the water and it it's basically jet washed down and then re-blacked to protect the whole from corrosion we have to buy fuel for the fire fuel for the engine to work and I have gas for the cooker and that's it that the gas is just for the cooker only but two bottles of gas can last me up to a year it is cheap if you're a continuous Cruiser if you're in a marina like a lot of boaters um they pay a lot more fees and it does cost a lot more and the electricity can be quite expensive um that's why I chose to be a continuous Cruiser keep moving along the canals because it's a lot cheaper way to live and and it's just I just love moving about and just to enjoy that that time at each different Mooring financially I just get by on very little money I look after a family member who's 80 years old I look after them two days a week and I have a small amount of money coming in from donations from my YouTube channel during lockdown my job as a fundraiser with the canal River trust ended and I needed something to do so I created a YouTube channel because I'm a amateur filmmaker self-taught I decided to share all that beautiful footage and and become a vlogger in a way and I have this channel called inspired by nature and it's about just sharing my experiences and putting Positive Vibes out there and showing people how connected with nature can help you there is quite a lot of hard work behind the scenes living on a narrowboat you know you you've got to go and get supplies we're off grid so you know we don't have all continuous water supplied to the bow it's got a tank at the front of the boat so I have to go and fill up the water tank I have to go and get my fuel for the fire and supplies for food and and things like this sometimes I'm moored out in the middle of nowhere maybe 400 yards from the nearest road and I have to go into town get the shop in and bring it back along that toe path in all weathers and so you're trailing that trolley look at it that's what I have is this trolley and um yeah it's it's not all what we call castles and Roses it can be quite difficult at times especially in Winter um when there's lots of snow and sometimes you get Frozen in as well you you can't go anywhere um luckily for us when you're Frozen in the canal River trust that you can't tell you to move on you have to stay where you are um and it and the temperatures can you know inside the boat because the water's cold frozen over at times then the boat can be really cold um and if you if I've gone away for a while and the fire's gone out it could be minus temperatures inside the boat but it doesn't take long to get the fire going and within 2013 minutes or so it starts warming up and it can be very very cozy in Winter inside this but with the the wood burner there um but it's something over the last five years that I've got used to um it seems difficult but you know all these things that like the engine bear you I end up servicing my own engine bay and you get oily and greasy but at the end of the day all the the negatives are outweighed by the positives of living this lifestyle I just enjoy this so much living on the canal it is beautiful and um and like I say not having a lot of things being very simple with with the amount of objects in the bow you know there's not a lot of clutter it's very simple um and I think that's how life needs to be really sometimes we get too attached and and gather too many things I don't have any regrets I'm pleased that I moved on to an hour but I'm just enjoying every moment and that is the the main thing for me and what I've learned to do is live in the moment enjoy now the present time I'm in a good place and I'm lucky as well very lucky to be here thank you subscribe to explain Alternatives and check out our playlists for more stories like this you can also follow Dave on YouTube at inspired by Nature thanks for watching

  Top Comments:
  1. @ExploringAlternatives [171 likes]: Thanks for watching!  You can follow Dave and his Inspired by Nature social media project here:
https://youtube.com/@inspiredbynature3 
http://www.facebook.com/inspiredbyNature4 
https://www.instagram.com/inspiredbynature5
  2. @carolinecregg9916 [1 likes]: Your life on that there boat looks and sounds amazing!  It would suit me :)
  3. @muzzraiders0707 [1 likes]: nice boat 👍 hello i am from indonesia 👋 🇮🇩
  4. @markhomewood1437 [1 likes]: I think what you did was great I got cancer all most 4 years ago I am lucky to be alive I came to new Zealand from England 19 years ago and my marriage split up I had a break down and I was lost for a long time .but I decided to do something about I retired last year and I now live down at a marina in new Zealand I go myself a mark 2 Corsair salthouse launch 39 feet 🐾 I am now a liver board I have made some friends.when I had cancer I did not know if I would live .but living on a boat has changed my life.i have great respect for you have had hard time and turn your life around god bless you and I  love the video
  5. @FatSteveSweden [1 likes]: Amazing way of living. Jealous. Cheers from Sweden.
  6. @stevegreen3442: I need to do this, I'm so fed up of the rat race.  I've got about 90k equity in my house and about 20k in savings, 56 years old now, is this possible for me?
  7. @ahmadzaid-q5w: 🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
  8. @Jeanetteslagt: Amazing lifestyle!!! I started following him and will catch up with his video's, so peaceful and so in touch with reality and everyday life. I love whaat he is sharing and I envy him a bit (in a good way that is) I lived a nomadic lifestyle for over 10 years and now I am going to settle down. I hope some of his peace and in the moment living will rub off on me by watching his video's, I will need it, it will be quite an adjustment. Must be so nice to bring your home along wherever you go. I travelled on a motorcycle, lived in hotels, I long for my own bed, and a little more clothes to wear and home cooked meals. I'm 65+ now, time for a home. But I wished I could live like he does and take my home with me while exploring and roaming around. Those images of a morning fog in the canal, just amazing........thanks for sharing, lovely presentation of a very nice human being and a great way of living.
  9. @lrdisco2005: Everything slows down, with the exception of the hull plates corroding.
  10. @RhythmMelodyLab: Lucky you have a family that cares.
  11. @Namwal510: It would be nice if there was an American equivalent to narrow boat living
  12. @susang1952: What a nice man. If I ever make it to England into the canals, maybe I’ll meet you. You are inspirational.
  13. @chadbaier1981: It's cool untill you hit jams in the channels, DNR telling you you need some kind of permit, constant repairs, if there's a storm and your boat tips
  14. @TheRotorhound: Nice.
  15. @EllenMalan-di3so: Where are his children?
  16. @GeorgeCunningham-j6f5x: I wish I could have the money to pay for one because I could see myself having a lot fun on the canal
  17. @stevecummings-z8t: This is without doubt the best story about living on a boat that I have seen.  Bless this man and his relative who made it possible for him.
  18. @fainafaina1940: There is one question - where were 3 children (I presume all adults by then)?? Helping their dad, no?
  19. @167curly: You seem to have a good life, Dave. 👍
  20. @bobsipple2696: You have truly been blessed with family that loves you.

- Life On The World's LARGEST Floating Fish Factory: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] the Sea of a hot the floating ship has been operating here for several months the Expedition also includes sters they catch fish and fast Reaper ships they deliver finish products ashore covering thousands of miles in a short time regardless of the weather and season SE Lo subv is a huge construction which is 179 M long and has a displacement of more than 26,000 tons in size it's even bigger than the largest passenger aircraft A380 in a day the floating base can process about 600 tons of fish for nine long months it becomes not only a workplace for 435 crew members but also their home at Sea we spent several weeks in the Expedition and covered thousands of kilometers and all of this is to understand what it means to live at sea Vlad Dobra float's head office it's not just removed from the place where SE subv operates it is even located near the Waters of another sea the Sea of Japan nevertheless it is here where managers organize the work not only of the floating base the size of The Winter Palace in St Petersburg but of the entire Expedition fishing vessels that catch fish take it to the floating base and thereby shorten the delivery time of fish products for processing that is the production occurs directly at sea in addition to raw materials that is fish the functioning of the floating Factory also requires containers spices equipment food for the crew all this is delivered by special vessels Reaper ships they also pick up finished products one of these such vessels is gardonia in 4 days the ship gardonia crossed the Sea of aot diagonally and mored to the port side of sealo Vladimir sov the captain of garbon and valer volosin the captain director of the floating base mastered moing in the sea successfully but the storm got in the way of planned unloading it's common practice the entire fleet both the fishing ships and the floating Factory will most likely go to the Magadan region to hide from the bad weather the weather it is rarely favorable especially in Winter autumn and winter there are storms so you never leave the bridge the presence of the captain on the bridge during moing is mandatory the reverse process also does not do without a high ranking ship supervisor now the ships have to UNM more in order to continue their joint work but now in the area safe from the storm in the shelting bay unloading can be carried out in sufficiently good weather so if the weather conditions worsen naturally we have to un more wait for the weather to improve and then make another attempt more again to continue loading fish products once in the relatively calm Waters of the shelting bay the captain sov and Vin are moving closer again we are ready to Mo over moring teams stand by for moring the port side everything is happening as if in slow motion it seems that there is nothing dangerous in these Maneuvers the speed is too low low by our land standards but ocean liners are objects with enormous masses and their inertia is huge so any mistake on board can have some real serious effects in the last minutes before the approach the moring scheme is again discussed the ends are the same four lateral ones from our bow four from our Stern two spring ropes from your bow and well two from your Stern over understood start BT BT is a bow thruster it's a powerful electric motor installed in the front of the ship which allows you to turn a huge machine without resorting to complex manipulations with the main engines and the rudder blade an Irreplaceable thing when moring at se pic I'll turn left a little with the BT just a little okay great yeah so that you won't have to turn go as you do the Ming process is going on like clockwork and after several minutes the unloading can start again while the weather permits the shelting bay is like an emergency shelter for everyone who is C in a storm in the northern part of the Sea of AOS usually it is quite deserted but now in this relatively small Bay several dozen ships have gathered including the fishing trollers that operate with the floating base a strong wind is blowing here too but the water is calm so gonia again moed to the shipping base to fill two of its three holds with products it's only two of the three because the third is still filled with what Sailors call Provisions or more precisely with packing materials and food both for the floating base and for the troller sers the problem is that the Russian legal system prohibits operations with similar caros in territorial Waters therefore as soon as the weather at Sea improves the ships will part so that gardonia will be able to M beyond the territorial Waters and only then the process of loading and unloading will continue drawler sers are fishing ships they also need to wait out the storm and this means that the stock of raw materials on saalo subv are rapidly decreasing and in a few hours the conveyor belts of the factory ship will be empty if the equipment is operational and there is enough electricity Supply the factory can stop only for two reasons first the warehouse is full and second there is a lack of raw materials but regardless of the reasons after mandatory sanitation in such cases everything has to stop and the factory turns from a source of income into a generator of losses losses to put it mildly are serious each day of such a huge floating base being at Sea costs about 1 million Rubles but not only shareholders and managers are upset each employee of the Enterprise in addition to a relatively modest salary also receives a bonus part or the share and the amount of this share depends on the quantity of products produced in the sailor's language it's called to earn from each taale the only thing the team on subv is thinking about is how to resume work as soon as possible first of all we need fish first of all we see that we have free space we must go out with the fleet to fish and this must be done like to lead everyone for fishing it's not but while the weather doesn't let the fishing expedition to see the crew of saalo subv will not lose time there is always a lot of work on a huge ship in addition to sanitation you need to deal with routine repairs and no one canel the loading of the ship and now finally the waves in the open sea become lower 1 and 1/2 M and this means that serer drawers can again go fishing and the head of production has to prepare to receive the catch gardonia unmowed in order to Mo to the floating base once again but now at open seat the work with the load will be finished later it would have been wiser for us let's say to stop yesterday and go fishing and catch fish and now as the weather calms down we'll work again we'll take supplies and then continue to unload it later one hold is empty we'll fill it special ships catch fish for the floating base they are marked by the abbreviation s Str there is some French reverse word order in the way it is deciphered s tler refrigerator the first two words mean that they can catch fish with different gear and the letter R and well the corresponding word are inherited from the Soviet Union now there are now refrigerators so when the net which is overboard is ascended to the platform I hope it will be full of proper hering the fish will be loaded into those tanks they are called folds the shelf life is very short even in Winter just a few hours up to 12 so the work pace of St Str or fishing ships as they are called sometimes is very fast we can say like in sport after delivering the first cat to the base after the storm Ser Bova takes his kinova tler to the place where other Doo floats fishing ships saw shs of Herring it takes 4 hours so the crew sees the dawn while sailing the straight 8 cylinder diesel engine has 1,320 horsepower it's kind of a lot but kovka can't be called fast at a maximum speed of 13 knots we go to the fishing area at 10 knots this Str Str konova was built as a part of the project 503 it was one of the most popular in the Soviet ERA with a length of just over 50 m this ship belongs to the medium tonnage that is far from being the smallest but nevertheless in comparison with The Floating base it is of course just a shell and only here you can understand what the real sway is everyday conditions for the crew are also difficult to describe as comfortable it's just small but nevertheless a team of 23 people will spend several months on this ship catching fish and this is not even a record one of the fishing ships that work with SV has already been at sea for 7 months and is not yet going back in the gdr alone nearly a thousand fishing vessels were commissioned by the Soviet Union in the first nine post-war years and built on average a ship was launched once in 3 days the ships were also commissioned in Denmark Finland Greece Japan but Soviet ship Builders kept up with it over 300 sdrs of the project 5003 were built Serge boova hasn't been on the project 503 for a long time just a month ago he came from a smaller fishing ship between the answers to my questions he also manages to give commands to the officer on duty there is a tension as if we are participating in an unspoken competition on tler of Herring however this assumption the captain rejected immediately n 5.3 there were such situations but now the company distributees shares equally between the ships so that each vessel can earn and fewer people will flee from ships five and three just addressed to niik is the propeller blade angle of attack like most drawers Kenova is equipped with a so-called ABP adjustable blade propeller this mechanism allows you to change the blade angle of attack changing the thrust without changing the engine speed by the way in addition to the main engine project 530 Str strs also have two side ones managing all this isn't a hard task for an experienced Captain but the captain of a fishing vessel is also a skilled fisherman and this is just not being taught anywhere everything comes with experience well of course if anyone has experience then all this is written down in notebooks and eventually when you become a commander you open them and you read Igor valv is one of those who has seen a lot and absorbed enough knowledge to take the position of a chief fishing master he is also called The trer Master this is not the executive officer nor the captain's immediate assistant but the importance of this position on a ship is hard to overestimate it is he who knows all the the details of setting up a troll it's something without which fishing is not possible trolls are different they are let's say we're working with 107 now the trolls pattern is well different here so you need to set HDD correctly so that it will open load the bottom for the troll to open and work normally well the same is with the Nets so that more fish will get into it obviously and eager yovich gave a simplified version after all in fact everything is much more complicated the SDR is equipped with the so-called different depth troll this snare is intended for catching fish in the pelagic Zone that is in the water layer where the Herring lives the troll 107 Dobra floats development is called so because of the length of the upper and lower sets they are in simple terms steel ropes holding the Troll's Wings whose task is to catch fish and send it to the net to the tail part of the tackle the upper set has Bobbers they are called fishing floats and the lower set has a weight system well HDD is a hydrodynamic device a system of TRW boards and plates which ensure the correct horizontal opening and position of the trol in the water layer the trol is connected to the ship with wires or steel ropes and all this needs to be adjusted and managed by the team well let's say no need to reinvent the wheel they used to fish before sometimes you introduce some novelty so but in general the setting of The Troll is described in the theory yet in practice you use some of your own methods something's wrong you do it your own way at this time the captain is sitting in a compartment with screens of sonars and therefore it's like the workplace of an aviation Navigator or to a flight control center only now it's not a satellite in orbit that is flying but a troll in the waters of the Sea of aot right now it is clearly visible there is a sh of herring in our course and we're trying to pursue the sh on it we can't determine the sh's density in our course but if the color is red then it should be dense the troll disappeared into the cold water and now the captain keeps track of the fish entering the net there shouldn't be too many otherwise the tender Herring will simply crumble but of course the crew wouldn't like to take out an empty net this is a troll control device everything's kind of simple here the bottom is red that's where the troll is then there is the Troll's opening this is the fish the process of trolling demands increased attention and trained accuracy surfacing shouldn't be allowed or the trol will pass by the fish touching the bottom is also prohibited for environmental reasons moreover it can tear the troll well if it's torn it's torn nothing to do there you've got to repair it depending on the size of the tear you can repair it for an hour or a 4 hours well sometimes you tear the troll then you just roll it up and take a new one like that one cannot be repaired well to tear a troll isn't so easy it was hard for our ancestors they could forecast the weather only by beliefs now the storm cannot actually catch the sailors off guard When approaching the base in 10 15 miles away there is internet access we update there is such a program as grip it's pretty much applied to this area we look at the wind wave wave height well plus we take Japanese somehow this is all difficult to understand a tler built in 1985 an abundance of color monitors and the internet here in the middle of the cold sea nine time zones away from Moscow but there it is and I even clearly see that the trer works it catches fish there is a young but experienced Captain who cares more about people than Electronics I look at people well when I come here I already understand them on the shore I do not understand people 100% you can understand people only at work when the ship is working you have some working situations and this is month after month despite the weather the duration of the Expedition and your own mood no emotions never change the only thing is that everything is familiar here it's just psychologic Ally Hard as they say a combined space the crew how many people do we have several like 25 people let's say the same people all the time and by the end of the Expedition you get bored with it but anyway you get used to everything the tler has been in the water for 2 hours and the captain discontentedly says that the flow of fish has almost dried out how much there is in the net is impossible to determine here and the captain struggles with the temptation to take reverse course to troll this sh again but nevertheless decides to pick up the tackle Jaa take in sail after the wires were chosen and the load thundered across the deck multicolored trolls Wings appear but here comes a problem the cable of one of the sensors is Tangled and doesn't let us continue together we are eliminate the problem and finally the net appears from the water the net tightly packed with Pacific Herring fishermen are happy there are more than 80 tons take in sail stop wires of course there is some kind of inner joy that there is a full net of fish naturally when it is empty well somehow boring and then there is already excitement of some kind I want to put it in there again catch more fish of course it's all about making money so to speak bigger yurich easily performs acrobatic tricks on the tightly filled net finding enough time to give orders to other Sailors this work is for experienced fishermen and the best that I can do for them is just not to interfere and at the same time to think how soon I as a person who spent most of my life on the shore will want to be if not on the shore but on a ship a little bit bigger and doesn't the captain want this no I still don't want to because I'm excited about fishing therefore I want to be a fisherman w well fishing which at first did not impress proved to be very successful on board there are more than 80 tons of Herring the folds are filled and now kovka is waiting for its turn to more to the floating base and unload the catch onto the factory of course I wasn't allowed to real fishing acrobatics to manipulate with the FI drawler but instead I managed to participate in untangling the gear back up the sailors and Sal my hands in the sea of a h in general I felt a sense of belonging but most importantly I know that here under several layers of clothing I have a key the key is to the warm cabin at the floating base that is to such a place which is spacious cozy does not swing where there is heat and wireless internet and even a sauna and very soon I will be there and these guys will continue to work here and they will work for more than one more month it took only 3 hours to set up The Troll to its Ascent to the deck during this time the floating base has already managed to get closer to the fishing ship and in less than an hour kinova will take place in the line for the delivery of the catch the captain has a rare opportunity to sleep but after 4 and 1/2 hours in the darkness he took his place at the control panel of the Thruster propellers and more to the starboard side of saal Lo seir the unloading of raw materials begins the fact revived again Herring is sorted and sent to different shops bigger fish is for freezing smaller fish is for canned food but regardless of the fish size it first gets processed by the way for a 21st century person there seems to be a lot of manual work however this is the only way to achieve the necessary flexibility of production machines take up a lot of free space and even on such a ship it is not enough and it's easier to teach a person than reprogram a machine there are plenty of people but people are going to make money without realizing until the end that it will be necessary to make great efforts in the sea before making money and the efforts are both physical and psychological the second it seems is more important than the first because you can imagine how for several hours in raw you do the same manipulations over and over but you can't know the state of your mind will change during 9 months far from your family from your friends for that you've got to have a lot of experience or a really developed imagination not everyone will cope here they've got to be ready to come be assigned to certain tasks and get started of course a master will teach them how to do that for example how to clean or operate a machine this is necessary and everything else depends on the person CH before getting on board of the ship future Factory workers are in the training center in the village of yuso morco here 1500 people every year get Knowledge and Skills necessary for everyone in the fleet here they are taught to extinguish fires and save products from combus and gases for example everyone must be able to put on a red Rescue suit quickly without it you cannot survive in the cold water and to make sure of this there is let's say a swift descent into the sea of aot with the subsequent application of a storm ladder don't do this like a cat don't climb here you grasp the rope and put this hand as high as possible and also grasp the Rope yes but that's not all after a jump into the water and a short rest on the life raft an imitation of rescue with a helicopter is to be done an electric winch is like an aircraft well what can I say in a sense to be rescued isn't easier than to rescue sa loive is not just a floating base its design is well thought out thus living quarters are located in the bom and Stern superstructures moreover cabins can be compared to Cozy hotel rooms in addition to the gym there is a cinema saunas a swimming pool and even a hospital the vast majority of ships have medical facilities and doctors but when there are over 400 people on board and they are on the same ship for 9 months the likelihood of someone getting sick is inevitably approaching 100% therefore there is not just a medical Unit on seive but an entire onboard [Applause] Clinic it's not just about the crew like mechanical workshops sav's medical facilities should serve the entire Expedition that is if the ship's doctor for example on the trer can't cope with the severe trauma the victim is transported to the shipping base and thus sometimes a life is saved well in general harsh conditions at Sea don't have many positive effects on one's Health permanent living in damp conditions in cold conditions is perfect for the development and flaring up of chronic diseases is it really so hard to work on the floating base it's time to check out for myself having dressed in the necessary overalls I'm going to take my BL at the conveyor belt now I am a factory worker you get used to the smell oddly enough pretty quickly but something which is hard to get used to at least for me is this noise which makes you want to run away immediately covering your ears with some headphones for example with classical music it seems to me that something something impressionistic would suit for example stravinski but definitely not the little mermaid no after training I moved to another site by the way changes here are constant this allows to bring in at least some diversity in this generally very monotonous activity I would gladly tell you something very exciting about this process in fact nothing exciting is here although there are lots of tricks and experienced handlers clean the fish in general in two movements but if I start doing this I can easily cut one of my necessary fingers and secondly responsibility is a pressure for me because I'm cleaning fish for the first time and I understand perfectly that someone will eat the Herring cleaned by me maybe even me and finally for all the apparent Simplicity of these operations I personally do not understand how this can be done for 12 hours in a row every day even if with short breaks I can hardly imagine what kind of motivation is needed to endure all this for 9 months I'm starting to understand those who return to shore before the end of the contract even though there are let's say a gym and the internet but still people are in a confined space by the standards of the fishing fleet conditions on floating bases are considered to be comfortable andv is thought of as the most comfortable of all the ship most of the crew here live in double cabins on all residential decks there is a Wi-Fi network with internet access at least here it is simply spacious but if you can't imagine your life without a personal shower in your private cabin then you have nothing to do in the fishing fleet Natalia came to primor from ufah since 2011 she's been going to Sea had time to work on short Expeditions and eventually decided on a long one I'd say that living conditions in this company aren't bad I also worked in a mini base capan also belonging to the same company in 2011 by the way it was my first ship same conditions and meals are good kitanov is one of those so-called mini bases built for the project kamchatsky shelf these vessels have a length of 126 M and A displacement of about 9,000 tons modest indicators by the standards of seod in total six such bases were built between 1990 and 1995 before saalo SV appeared it was the small floating bases that were the main Marine production complexes of doof float it was on such floating bases that the business processes and interaction of fish processing ships with fishing ships were worked out and it was here that the 66 schedule was worked out According to which all those who were engaged in processing the catch in the Open Seas lived and worked that is after a 6-hour shift the sail received the same amount of rest time after which the cycle was repeated it is not easy to get used to such a schedule there are such moments sometimes when people foreign to the Sea don't get used to the fact that the ship rolls that it influences the health somehow they can't get used to that they become seasick we have to look for some compromises in any case people must adapt themselves to the work of the ship not the ship to the people so they get used to the sway they get used to the sway of Life the mode of operation which has proved itself at small floating bases turned out to be unsuitable for a large Factory ship that leaves the dock for most of the year we of course worked all this time six on six off but many simply couldn't stand and it they resigned they left and it was difficult not only for ordinary Factory workers but also for those who are responsible for organizing the whole process for example Yuri Arin the head of the saod sub of production does not consider the 66 schedule as universal I think that 66 is ineffective 1212 here is more and the productivity will be better and you can demand from people because they sleep they have 8 hours of continuous sleep let's say food is good there is personal hygiene the cabin is in order and so on however a 12-hour shift means a longer stay in the standing position and often in the not most health friendly conditions and then there may be questions from doctors already how does this work schedule with 12-hour shifts affect the health of the crew most of all a prolonged static stress in a required position influences the health so that's what Dobra floats managers have to keep in mind all the time being between Sila of workflow processes and kib this of Workers Health after all people are a resource for the company no less valuable than unique vessels of course it would be possible to adopt the shift schedule adopted in the military Fleet at the time of Peter the the shifts still have a direct of 4 hours and braks between them are 8 hours long undoubtedly there are also so-called extra shift duties for military seamen but on the whole this schedule seems more convenient however in order to make the work in three shifts possible it would be necessary to increase the number of workers by one and a half times and this is not in any way applicable to the size of even such a huge Factory ship as saod subir nor to the parameters of the business plan however the sailors knew what they signed up for can you of course if the person can't take it anymore can't get used to the sway to the conditions on board there are such cases we can send the person if they want it to shore without any problems often the only incentive to adapt is the financial one Natalia for example doesn't even bother herself with comparing salaries at Sea and on Shore she understands that you cannot earn from for your own accommodation on Shore you work on the shore you still spend that money right and let's say there's no opportunity to save up some money for example to have your own plans some goals and when you are in the sea you return from the Expedition and you get all your earnings but you've still got to work to get all your earnings that is to work till the end of the Expedition and it's not so easy even for those who understand what they got into even for them the schedule is sometimes unbearable however it's not that easy to decide on the early termination of the contract not only will you not get your full salary you will also experience some Financial losses work at the floating base never stops if there are no raw materials there is an overload of Supply or finished products sealo subv has already left the territorial Waters and is now in the exclusively economic zone of Russia now nothing prevents the overload of supplies and one of the ships that provide the connection of the Expedition with the shore gabonia gives the cargo not only to the shipping base but also to fishing vessels in order to capture three time zones at once it is not necessary to get to a low earth orbit you just need to find the moment when the supply from the carry away ship here it is gonia is in the middle is being unloaded both onto the floating base and a fishing ship garmon's time is set as in vad of stock it corresponds to the Home Port and the location of the company's head office therefore it's 13:30 now on the ship the fishing ship has the time zone of the region where it operates so now it's 2 hours later on it 1530 well and the floating base is between those two time zones therefore here the ship's clock is set in accordance with the time zone which is called UTC plus 11 that is hours ahead of grenwich and ate more than in Moscow as the head of the production promised the unloading was quick and just in a day gonia is filling cargo hatches to set to the return course towards nakota leaving visel ofv behind this huge Factory ship a part of the rich Soviet Legacy not all such vessels have found a place in the recent history of the Russian Fleet it would have been just easier to declare fish processing Factory ships a Soviet Relic turn a couple of them into museums and junk the rest but these vessels are also jobs that is life for many hundreds and thousands of people who have chosen such work for themselves a job that is very difficult to separate from life itself but still I couldn't help but ask our heroes where is real life for them at sea or on shore real life let's say the ship is the second home of course family is the first home ship is the second of course on the shore I just work here I make money and the tip definitely in the sea I've been a captain for 30 years there aren't many vacations life is like that just a few Vacations so I'm at se real life is on Shore here it is work of course on Shore no doubt family is waiting relatives they my grandchildren so life is better on Shore I think at se firstly I personally know everything at sea at Sea there are no questions from which it would be necessary problems from which it would be necessary to escape hide flee somehow there are no such things at Sea real life is of course on Shore here it's kind of work there is Nostalgia a wish to return if there's been a long period like 3 to 4 months it's time to work catch fish of course the sea is exciting first it is the very process yes it is very difficult at sea but to be honest sometimes there is no time to sleep but days go by very quickly it's real everywhere both here and on Shore so there will be another day and it will be January 1st they will celebrate modestly and already at 10 minutes after midnight Roman will take his place at the crane Natalia at the conveyors Yuri vasilovich will supervise so that the production goes without failures Vladimir pedico will confirm the Navigation course to nahodka and Valeri mikovich Vin will take farewell of his colleague with a lingering signal Sergey Bova will give an order to set the tler controlled by eager value and all of them will wait for the most important holiday for Sailors the day of their return to home then again they'll go to the Sea

  Top Comments:
  1. @roselynnpillay2911 [1 likes]: There is an abundance of fish in our oceans...just as the raw materials in the earth don't run out..sea life will continue to reproduce..God Almighty owns it all .He is a rich God😊
  2. @ballistic350 [1 likes]: Months at sea.. im good props to these folks ,
  3. @whereveryougothereyaare: Oh I'm immediately into this guy's accent and I'm not even into that kind of thing
  4. @WindiRaharjo-i2x: 😊😊super top😊
  5. @GnomeHunter33: The floating base 😂
  6. @melissatrader8528: You said 1 million rubles to make it sound like it's a whole lot of money it's only $12,000 US dollars
  7. @BigFishAdventures-u2f: very nice
  8. @stealthy2-t8u: This thing is clearing the ocean of all species of fish and as in their usual inimitable way the Russians turn this golden resource into foul tasting mud.
  9. @ivandemko3360: There is no quotas. Take as you please. Still gruesome work. Slava Ukraini!
  10. @Peter-k3j8t: Who's the feature here, 'Him'..?😂
  11. @GT5.0365: I’m glad I’m American and have easy opportunities I’m very blessed to not have to love that way seam like hell on water
  12. @JMTrucking1417: Killing fish to feed cats ?! With millions of unowned cats walking around & having more unowned cats !!  Its insane .
  13. @kevinwpatterson: We played a drinking game where we drank everytime he said the ships name now we n don joe. Hey Jinnah has….begin with jinx bdndjdjxbxbnxbdbdbbdbdbd
  14. @jonhildahl9982: 32:48 I enjoyed seeing this documentary from another part of the world but what stood out was no smiles, no one appeared happy. I just watched a documentary & the factory boat was the Northern Leader & the crew was laughing & smiling even when hauling large amounts of fish. It's quite the contrast to this one.
  15. @LarryLaird-k8c: They are raping our planets oceans makes me mad 😡😡😡
  16. @neilhenriques9435: If the  pay and the food is good.  Its worth it. I  worked on oil extraction platforms it was 12 hours. 2 months on one month off with pay.  Helicopters would taje us and bring uo. The food was beef and very good
  17. @Donationsfordelivery: I bet she's a seaman handler
  18. @LadyOaksNZ: Tragedy of the Commons..  Take Take Take so nobody else can benefit.  Why dont Russia grow rice?
  19. @СашаС-е9о: Рабский труд в скотских условиях , с дикими переработками и нищескими зарплатами  .
  20. @Soundofwindonsand: Ok ..Im pretty sure this is made Russian
for Russian..
Some of the wording is quite amusing
6 months at sea
Your not gonna get sick so much as you will 
Smach you hand
break something
& Those knives are very sharp...
Fall, broken ankle
And carple tunnel treatment...

- 1973: Life on the LAST LIGHTHOUSE | Tuesday Documentary | World of Work | BBC Archive: Kind: captions Language: en 28 mi beyond Land's End, the Isisles of Silly lie low in the Atlantic. And out beyond the last inhabited island on one of the smallest rocks in one of the most exposed positions in the world, it was necessary to build a lighthouse, the Bishop Rock Light, the last lighthouse of England before America. [Applause] [Music] St. Mary's Key Isles of Silly. Another tour of duty begins for assistant keeper Roger Semons, 27 years old, 5 years in the service. >> Obviously, I don't want to go, but it's just a natural course of living now. I have a month's leave with my wife and family. I enjoy it, but when the time comes for me to go back, there's no be weepings and I shall divorce you if you go back to everything. And just try not to think about it. >> New recruit Tony McNamara going off onto Bishop for the first time. >> All right, Terry, get him on. >> He's okay now. Ready >> out on the light. Assistant keeper Terry John's 13 years service. >> Oh, >> the principal keeper at Bishop Rock Light, George Williams, 19 years in the service. Okay, J. Let's go home, boy. >> Mr. George Hicks, local boatman, responsible for handling the relief for the past 20 years. He's known to everyone as G. >> Let's go. You shouldn't be smoking. Okay, skip. >> No way. How do they take us off? Do they wish the stores up first or >> No, we got on the up on the road first and this is nothing to worry about. Don't worry about this. Once you get there, look up, we'll say, "Hell, what a way to go up, you know." But um don't worry about it. We're quite safe. What happens is you they get the rope from the boat, they get into the harness and then they say shut up and just hang on you go. But that's not to worry about don't don't get nervous I guess. >> No ropes don't bother me anyway. >> That's all right. I say you if you look up hell what a height, you know, but don't worry about it. Just hang on, boy. Did I go on a bed? Well, >> all right. You might get a bit of rough sea coming in and you're in the back of the boat getting thoroughly drenched and all G says to is it bit sloppy in a boy. That's all he'll say. So, no one flustered and on the way out it's getting rougher and rougher and rougher. you know, thinking to yourself, Christ, he's going to do it. Like, you know, he will do it. There is never a case when Jesus said it can be done and he's wrong. When you first look, it's about as big as your thumb, I suppose. Very small indeed. It's stuck on the horizon. And then it just gets nearer and nearer. It gets bigger and bigger. So by the time you're about a quarter mile off, it looks really huge. After all, it is the biggest lightest in the service. And then when you get right underneath it, it looks absolutely huge. I'll admit to you that when I first came to the bishop, we anchored off the end of the set off there. That was my only time on the job when I had a slight tinge of fear by looking up that height thinking, Christ, I've got to go up there. J ready. Hang on. Right when they're ready. I know. When you're ready. better foot. All right. I'm trying to but I can't. >> Tony. Uh, is this Mr. Williams keeper? Hello Mac. Nice to meet you. Hope you enjoy your stay on board. Well, the first thought is for the safety of the of the people on the road. You dare leave go. Whatever happens, you must look after them. Make sure they don't damage themselves once they get into boat. It's a very precarious operation cuz you got to work together with the boatman. You see, they're pulling in as you're letting go. You have to uh keep your eyes on the boat all the time. Heat. Heat. That's a boy. Well, here we are then in the Bishop Rock. In here we store the ropes and tackle for the landing gear. And under here is the water tank with our fresh water. That's the pump that we use for pumping it up to the kitchen. Now, this is the magazine flat where we keep the detonators and charges for the fog signal. Be careful when you come up these stairs because they become very steep, especially when you're coming downwards. There's a diesel. That's for the generators upstairs. There's the coke bunker. We are then about halfway up the tower. The kitchen. Most important thing here to remember is the taps. They're not hot and cold. It's rain and fresh. The one on the right is the rain water. Use the water from that for topping up the copper boiler on the stove. We use Coke on the range and that's uh kept going all the time. The watchman. There's the RT set. That's our only communication with the shore. So, this is where the three of us sleep. And I don't have to remind you about being quiet. Noise carries quite clearly through the tower, especially at night. Now, there's your bunk there with the locker and drawer underneath where you can keep your personal gear. Right now, this is the sitting room. Bit cramped as you can see, but it's nice and cozy. We got a telly. It's uh mains and battery, so we're all right during the day when the gen is not running. Bookcase. Quite a good selection. Yeah, quite interesting. Some of those lockers. These are our food lockers. And then there's the plaque. Gives it the history of the place when it was first built. Start in 1852 and finish completely in 1886. Quite interesting. The fridges, three of them, one each. They're paraffin. This is yours. So, don't forget to keep it topped up. Here's the service room. There's the generators. Bank of batteries there for the RT set. Now, mind your head as you come up the stairs because here are the water tanks which collect the rain water off the roof. This is what it's all about. 11 tons of glass and gunmetal. It's floating in a trough of mercury. And the lens is so well balanced that I can pull the whole thing around with one finger. have a fight. >> Well, you had a look around. Uh, what you think? Do you think you like it or no? >> Yeah, I think it'll be okay. >> Yeah. Yeah. Well, I'd give you a week like and uh, you know, yourself settle in and any problems, you know, any questions you want to ask you? I think can't think of any now, but when I start doing things, I'll be thinking of plenty. >> Yeah. Oh, Anyway, work hard enough for the morning. >> Yeah. Say, give you a few days to settle down and then cook any snags. See me or the other one there. 1530 relief affected by local boat coming off R. Simmons, assistant keeper, and a McNamara, super numery, assistant keeper. Staying aboard, SG Williams, principal putting the light in on the bishop. uh quite a simple thing really I suppose but again simple really if you've been doing it enough years it becomes simple you go through the motions without even stopping to think uh you know what time the lights got to go in and so you you go upstairs 20 minutes beforehand to prepare for this and uh that means putting the meths under the burners that's to warm the vaporizers up this takes 10, 15, 20 minutes. Then you must make sure that your IOBS, that's the paraffin and air tanks, which are always in a surge from below, these have to be pumped up to the pressure. On this particular station, it's 70 lb of air in the tanks because this is what forces the paraffin up to the light itself. While the mess are warming up the burners, you go down and you pump up your air tanks to the pressure. Uh 5 minute job perhaps depending how much it's got to go in upstairs. Again, the sun is probably just gone behind a bank of cloud and time to take the curtains down. Curtains, of course, are put up every day around the lens to stop the sun's rays from striking through it. Reason being, they could quite easily cause a fire. The lens itself acting as a big magnifying glass, you see. So, it's a case of taking the curtains down, folding them up, put them away neatly, and then for this time ready for putting the actual light in. Before the that you actually light the light, you must have your lens revolving. And having done that and your lens revolving back to the actual light itself. And this simply entails turning on your micro valve which lets the paraffin through from the tanks below. Paraffin runs up through the vaporizer which is of course is hot now from the metal edated spirit. The paraffin vaporizes goes up through into the burner head and comes out at the mantle as a vapor. You simply light the paper and up the light comes one big white ball of light. Outside temperature 47. Inside temperature 55, barometer 28.84. Wind direction west. Wind speed 7. Weather conditions cloudy squalls. Round island and penis lighouses visible. Flemings and gunners boys invisible. During duty on the light every day, 7 days a week, a 24-hour watch is shared between the three keepers. Midnight until 4:00 in the morning, 4:00 a.m. to midday, then 4-hour shifts until midnight. A 56-hour week, none of it counting as overtime. So, this might sound a bit, you know, gumptious or big-headed, but um being on the Bishop Rock, you feel a little a slight cut above the other keepers, but um probably I'm wrong. There's something a bit more special about the Bishop Rock because this is the most southwesterly point of the British Isles. After this rock, there is nothing for 3,000 mi. There's nothing to look at to the probably the ordinary layman, but um to all to myself, it is beautiful. I don't know what I can express in words, but something nice about it. you know, this more so than any other station really because of it of it being so old-fashioned, so antique because the equipment on this station, apart from the engines of course, very very old. And um this also has a slight fascination for me that the light which shines through the lens here was seen by the old masters on the old schooners. This also appeals to me what I'm what I see from the mainland or from the island should I say. looking at torches place sometimes the beams going around I think to myself hundreds of years ago all ship's masters saw that very same light from that very same lens from those very same oil burners I'm 10. Time for one of these. >> Play it on the Jimmy Young show Monday to Friday. >> When it comes to cooking, then it's really each man for himself. That is regards breakfast, teas, and suppers. But as we have the maintenance of the station to look after uh we work it out that one man stays in the kitchen during the morning to prepare the dinner. Now it's his job to supply the vegetables for that day. Each keeper provide his own meat and we buy the stores ourselves locally and it comes out on the relief boat. This is a way of measuring time. This cook of the day business is a way you know that you are cook of the day every third day and so you know you have so many cooks left and then it it will be relief day for you. The pay itself is not quite so much as some people would imagine. My pay out here as a principal keeper is about £29 a week. On top of this, I have a riddling allowance of 63p a day and my rock allowance of 65p a day. Pay to all keepers on rock stations. So, this gives me an average of about £45 a week while I'm on station. Come on, girl. Come on. Come on then. Come on. Come on. There she is. Come on. That's it. Come on. Bit more. There you are then. The isolation on these places doesn't worry me. I've always been more or less a loner as it were all through me life. I never sort of gone around with the boys in gangs. I never been one for dancing and things like this. So, this sort of life does seem to suit me. The sea is always changing. This is a fascination to me. Oh, I conjure up all thoughts in my mind. You know, when the sea is roaring down below, I just lean on the galley rails and listen. I seem to hear like the sea talking to me, you know, there like angry voices, you know, just say, "I'm going to hammer you tonight, you know, I'm going to hammer you tonight." But on a very peaceful night, you just say, "Oh, I'm tired tonight. I don't feel like doing much." You know, and it just lies there and just laps against the side of the tower in a very lazily fashion. I feel secure because I know that this place will never fall down. It has been here for so long. It's t it's taken such a penny over the last 100 years that the steep can never knock it down. There is times of course when you are when you do feel as though you have to jack the job in and finish with it perhaps when you uh thinking a bit more than usual the the family at home and the other the other day I was laying in bunk and I had me own radio and I had it switched on through the earphones of course and um these pop songs came And it the one in particular that the the the kids was mad on. They've been playing it all the time. And then I thought, well, listening to it, I was sort of transported as it were back home for that period. And I thought then this is the time when did you feel that you you're away from you want to be with them like you know But he should be showing up now. He knows what the tide's like. >> Oh yeah, that's him. >> Yeah, >> that's him. Right. >> Right. That's it then, boy. Let's go get the gear down. We're off home. That's what we've been waiting for. Okay, lads. >> that's my two months done. relief now and I'm off a shore for my month's leave. Of course, this doesn't happen every time. You can be waiting at either end. This is what we call overdues. This could be uh anything from 3 or 4 days or perhaps week or more. So, instead of just doing the beer 8 weeks, you might do anything from 10 or perhaps 11 weeks all told. Today it's a little bit on the dirty side. Not all that nice really. G Hicks, he's our local boatman. Does the release for us quite good. He's been doing them now for a great number of years. And of course, we rely on him for it. It's his decision whether he comes out or not. I suppose it's easy enough when you're used to it. It may look difficult to somebody that um it's a job they're not used to. I mean, there's always a bit of a motion down there. The tide may be running you towards the rock. So, you've got to go a stir on the right time. Make sure that you don't hit the rock. I mean, I probably have hit it once or twice, but not very often. Well, with the mount of sea breaking around over the rock like they're only open boats. I mean, you just got to get one to break right and you're full. Down she would go. So, you stay away from broken water if you can, you know, you get a certain amount of excitement. Sometimes it looks a bit spectacular sometimes when it is a bit rough. I mean, for people that don't understand the boats going up and down and rolling around a bit, they may think they're going to be chucked out, but they're not. I don't look worried because there's no need to be worried. If there was anything to worry about, I wouldn't be out there. I'm not afraid of the sea, but I got a lot of respect for it. Didn't all that good to be dangling on the end of a with a swell rising about 20 ft. They're bouncing up and down. See, sometimes I know there was a big swell on them. I mean, they they come down and hit the B and within two or three seconds they're 20 ft above it. Is a wonder sometimes, you know, that um they don't get injured when it's very bad. Well, you got people's lives at stake, so you can't afford to take too many chances. Trinity don't like losing light keepers. >> Where do you think you're going >> now? Then would you like me to tell you? >> No chance. >> No chance. only chance. >> You haven't got much time to think while the relief is going on, of course, getting the men up and the gear up and the gear down in the boat. But then it's your turn to get in the rope yourself and go down. And this is it. You say, "Right now, this is the time. We're off." Rather than lads, all of us. >> Cheerio. Enjoy yourself. Give him a push. I said bye on your head. >> Provided everything goes all right and you get in the boat. Okay. Which more often you do, of course. That's it. How do you do Jeep? Lovely job. This sort of thing like you know. And he casts off his ropes and away he goes. Hurry up back. >> Don't be long. >> One remain. >> You get about a quarter mile away from it. And is a feeling I've always had this. Every time you look back and you say, "Well, how the hell did you sort of spend 2 months in that?" You don't quite understand. You know, there it is. It's just this great tall tower, as it were. It seems to be no size, and yet you've spent two months in it. >> Each month, at least one keeper completes his tour of duty, goes ashore, and is replaced. For those remaining, his departure marks the middle of their stay. And for the men arriving, yet another beginning. >> Oh, it's good to be back. >> With the principal keeper gone ashore, the senior assistant keeper, Terry Johns, is now in charge. >> When I'm acting principal keeper, well, I like to think I'm easygoing. Uh you got to make sure you keep the place clean and tidy and make sure the light and that is working. You got to have a certain routine or else um things won't click right, you know. The thing I like best about it is uh you're uh looking after ships and things like that. And uh plus the fact I like I like doing housework and things like that. You see, keeping things clean and shining brass and things like that. And uh you got to do all sorts really. You got to be able to put your hand to anything. Uh you got to make sure the engines and that work. You got to be able to do a bit of that bit of uh rope work and things like that painting, indoor painting. It's a bit of everything really. And uh that's what I like about it. Roger. Time to get up. >> I don't mind. >> I'm still I'm still sounding for fog. >> Yeah. >> Bring up some TS and charges when you come up. All right. >> Okay, mate. On me way. Cheers. All right. Occasionally when it's a wet and dirty foggy night and you're operating the fog signal this side don't do not like doing. You're up on the lantern or all the watch, especially of a middle watch. As I said, it's thick fog or misty rain. You've got to wear the gallery every 10 minutes and hang up your charges. The rain running off the glazing down the back of your neck. You're feeling thoroughly wet through cold. This I do not enjoy doing. But it's got to be done there. Again, I feel a slight sense of achievement. I think to myself, well, if I hadn't done this, a ship might come in pretty close and hit the rocks. If it hadn't been for me operating that fog signal and warning him that we're here, >> right, >> Sarah, >> it has its problems and dad being away 8 weeks. I think really Sarah Jane being the eldest. I suppose she misses her dad awful. Some days she'll just take it naturally that he's gone. And then another day she'll come in and for no reason at all sit down and cry. And you say to her, "What's the matter?" And she says, "Oh, 8 weeks is a long time. I do wish dad was home. The days that he's home seem so much shorter to the days that he's away actually. Sometimes on a Sunday the little girls, our little girls and I walk around the garrison. Um hope that we can see the bishop. I like to come out here. I feel that you can at least see the bishop although I can't see uh my husband. You feel there's always that bit nearer really. Bishop's there, you know, and the sea around it is so rough and it's terrible to think that you've got that stretch of sea between you and the bishop. >> Keepers and their families stationed permanently at the bishop live in trim, spacious cottages just outside St. Mary's. There's no rent to pay and heating is free. But for twothirds of the year, the wives have to put up with their husbands being away. >> Roger Simmons wife, Jenny. >> I think one of the worst things is Roger missing so much of our little girl growing up. >> She's 14 months old and he's only seen her for about 5 months since she's been born. My wife has often asked me what it's like at bishop. I try to explain to her but somehow she doesn't understand. I try to try to tell her that it's like home to me but um she says your home is here not on the bishop but um it isn't really. My home is on the bishop. After all I spend twothirds of the year on the bishop. So obviously the bishop is my home. It's got to be. I think you have to don't mind being on your own because you are obviously for a heck of a long time. I don't think I have any set pattern really. Just try and keep occupied as best I can. I don't really mind him being out there, but I keep this in my mind all the time that it's his work. He's got to do it. >> It's a home. It's my second home. in the kitchen, in the sitting room. It's got a homely atmosphere. You've got the kettle on the stove just singing as you would at home. Got a nice bit of fire in the cooker as you would at home. So, it's got that sort of homely atmosphere in the kitchen. We all live in a little world of our own. The three keepers in a little world of our own. There's nobody else in a little world. There's the three of us. We make our own laws. We keep our own laws. You get to know their likes, their dislikes, their little their little funny ways, their habits. And you you attempt to adjust your life to suit these three. I think you find all keepers do this. They feel the other ones out first. And so eventually you get around to living your life to suit the other two keepers. The other keeper of the other two lives his life to suit those other two. So it ends up that you get them have a very happy family. to a keeper on here. There's a smell about it. You say that's the bishop smell. Got a slight tinge of oil, a ropey oily smell. Um, occasionally you got a damp air, got a dampish airish smell and all these smells sort of got together and make one one big smell. Was a nice smell. Yes, it's uh supposed to be blown up by all intents and once you get the seas up around the gallery, you'll know you'll see something then. >> Oh, a pretty tight turn it. >> As long as we don't get one of those bloody great schooners upgrading to Bishop like it happened here a few years ago. >> Oh yeah, what a place that is. Anyway, uh four jacks gone down king out. Yeah, what a fate. Just fancy just off the bishop like you know say a formed schooner you know armored her whistly every whistly gale. >> I have to show you one day M were down on the land in there where they schooner took out some lumps at the side of the tower down there. I think a site back the sea islands is the old relief boat in the museum. is there's an old um a rowing boat used to do his place and relief you know I think you take about 6 hours they could get here >> yeah something like that >> so a sixman rowing 6 hours to get there you take all day to do the relief >> yeah just imagine being a keeper safe what when this was first built you know what do you like they did here >> well in some ways I think they was a lot happier than what we are today. You know, >> you could be right, Terry. You could be right, mate. You could be right. >> Warnings of southwesterly gales in Portland, Plymouth, Bisque. Heat. The last lighthouse of England and perhaps too the last of its kind. Modern lighouses are sophisticated both in living conditions and machinery. Increasingly they are automated, unmanned. And for the bishop too, there are plans. What has remained the same for nearly a hundred years will soon inevitably change.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Bob-f7c2r [1 likes]: The whole light house is a machine that needs to be maintained by men moving around the inside of it.
From outside there is very little to see.
  2. @CJ-65-w3r: Thats a cracking monobrow
  3. @jamiemorgan4146: Great Documentary! This is how it’s done! ✔️
  4. @raywitte7354: You need a lighthouse for that wicked unibrow the guy has
  5. @alanbarker2279: £45 a week in 1973 - not fantastic when you consider the hours and the time away from friends and family.
In 1973, the average gross weekly wage for a full-time manual male worker (aged 21 and over) in the UK was £41.52 for a standard working week. Across all industries, the average gross weekly wage for a full-time male worker was approximately £38.10 to £41.90.
Compare it with a Merchant Navy officer:
In 1973, the average Skilled Merchant Navy Officer wage in the UK typically ranged from £1,500 to £4,000 per year, depending on rank, seniority, and the type of shipping company. This was well above the overall national average wage, which sat at roughly £2,180 annually for men.
  6. @johngalantini6910: Love watching these kind of programmes before bed.
  7. @Face-Lice: Stunning cinematography of the machinery, tools and lighthouse. Reminded me of scenes you might see in an Andrei Tarkovsky film.
  8. @PAWiley: Old boy Rodge has a thatch covered brow so brazenly indivisible he'd make George Harrison redden w/ a frustrated envy; Haaaare Hare! Krishna Rama!
  9. @KushBangaroo: If l worked in a lighthouse like this I'd get up first thing in the morning one day and call out:"aaaaaaaaarrrrrgggghhh" until they took me away for rest and medications.
  10. @freezerburn04: That was a real cool video. A++ everything. Just wow
  11. @tackywhale5664: Britain is now a failed state.
  12. @albertramsbottom3: 13 tonnes of glass and steel, floating on a pool of mercury! You can turn it with a single finger. Great Stuff
  13. @Jonsson474: That’s a proper mono brow.
  14. @radcliffclimbing: This is how a documentary should be ! Great work !
  15. @jm0gr1dge: 29:22 I suppose I’ve created an atmosphere where I’m a friend first, acting principle keeper second. Probably entertainer third.
  16. @onesky8647: If you keep telling me not to worry about something, I'm going to start worrying about that.😂
  17. @mountainauer: The reason for men enjoying this job is: no politics, no war, no struggle - just the sinplicity of peace in a safe environment. Deep satisfaction.
  18. @davidmaslow2931: Great video!
  19. @JordanHopper-m7j: That mans eye brows
  20. @Sailor_alan: As someone who sails for a living, i always used to think i would enjoy a stint as a lighthouse keeper, seeing the way they got onto the tower is a nope.

- THE YACHT WEEK VLOG | GREECE 2022 | Travelling Solo: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] waiting sometimes hello everybody and thank you for clicking on this youtube video i am in athens and today is the first day of the yacht week um so i got here two nights ago i spent two nights in athens what this is well i've not seen enough of it to make a decision on whether i like it or not but from what i've seen i just know it's very noisy and busy it kind of reminds me of some um italian cities as well anyway it's kind of coming up to lunchtime so i'm gonna go have some lunch um and i'm so so excited because yeah today is day one um and i met all the girls that i'm doing doing it with um just yesterday and i'm a solo solo traveller this week which is interesting i've not really done loads of um like stuff like this i feel like it's something that people do on a gap year or i don't know when they spend months and months traveling i've just had a week in myth not with my girls um hopefully by the time you're watching this the vlog will be up and that was pretty wild it was so much fun i'm just about recovered and now i'm gonna go and ruin my life again but anyway here we go um yeah it's going to be a bit of a party i think but also apparently it's like not as much of a party as the croatian one so i think that's perfect for me kind of a nice balance between just like sun and sea and then also a party as well um so yeah we though so the itinerary we've all been sent it like um by the what do you call it the skipper and the host and they like sort of out for us so today's mission um i need to what do i need to do i need to buy some seasickness tablets just in case because i've never spent this long on a boat and i've no idea if i'm going to get seasick or not i'm going to get some kerosene small and i'm protein so yeah definitely going to a pharmacy then what else do i need to get we need to buy some wine and some alcohol um because it's not included we didn't get that included and yeah and then we're going to be ready so it's really really exciting um right now i'm heading to a vegan euros place that i actually went to yesterday and they're gonna be like oh you're back but it was so good and it was only three euros so why the hell not honestly okay here it is the amazing that i had yesterday now we're just bikini shopping in california so many cute ones so excited to just lie across here in the sunshine oh guys the sun is setting here we are on the yacht woo so we've had a bit of an admin afternoon haven't we we've been doing live admin we've been doing the deposit the safety checks um getting alcohol doing food shop all this kind of stuff so um sorry i haven't even vlogged any of that but look how pretty this sunset is honestly a stunner i'm so excited to be staying on this yacht for a week we just got ready i'm in this little outfit from i am gia which is an australian brand um and i love this outfit but um we're going to a bar called skyfall in athens and we just ordered some like delivery like some greek the grease and center delivery which is called like walt or something and we're ordering it right to the yacht so having burgers on the yacht for night number one and then we're going to a bar we're just a flatty and we're excited aren't we and she looks super cute as well we're all gonna be boring each other's clothes definitely obviously sharing is caring um and yeah we're just really really excited come on everyone let's go night one who's ready wow ready for night one let's do it look at that view it's so pretty um fine now like pulling in around us which is which is fun so yeah we're just taking in the beauty of it it's really amazing amazing delicious so i've just had a nap upon the queen's sun bed up there and it was literally amazing i felt like i was in heaven it's such a pretty scenario for a nap and now they're rounding up all the yachts for the tunnel raft which is where they put all the yachts together and there's going to be a dj on one of the boats which could potentially be arbo um so yeah these are all the other yachts as part of the hot week here's liv we've been crisping up in the sun very very very tan i love the mediterranean sun though it's the best it's got to be done girl's waving my blog yeah we're in the vlog so we've made the fatal mistake of not getting any floaties for the yacht week which is not good we're going to try and steal some off some of the boats we're a bit under prepared in the floaty department but we're going to we're going to see what we can do we're going to try and potentially steal some potentially bribe some other boats with a few drinks or or something yeah so we're gonna now watch as the tunnel raft is taking shape sick so they're just joining up the boats oh my god guys we've been put next to a bachelor party so that's gonna be fun making some dreams seriously i'm having vodka girls having gin cheers what do we do to love what do we need story took we have just got such a banging photo in this amazing spot haven't we live so it was a banger i'm not gonna lie like so good catch it on the ground soon um and we're just saying we're getting pretty hungry so our host is making us dinner and yeah it's night two sleeping on the yacht isn't it so yeah amazing a whole lot of people and yeah literally we're all staying in this tunnel raft for all night so yeah it's gonna be very interesting it'll be really fun i think it's gonna be a party all night honestly definitely definitely yeah so yeah anyway of the night no cheers when everything's said and done hi everyone good morning um so we've just had some breakfast i was feeling really tired this morning but now i feel much better after a delicious breakfast the standards of the food are so high aren't isn't it amazing it's so good we had um vegan pancakes um and just the works everything it's been amazing so we're just about to go swim in that beautiful sea it looks amazing um and then we're sitting here for a little bit and then we're going to poros is stop today so let's do it so we spent some time chilling on the boat we had lunch on the boat we grabbed the coffee in the cute little town and we're gonna go for a beach party this afternoon it's non-stop on the yacht week guys it really is non-stop i'm not gonna lie i was feeling a little bit nauseous just now but i'm pulling through i've got my water i've had some ginger tablets for sea sickness and yellow let's do it we can do it oh that's my shoe falling off um and then we've got we're going out for dinner tonight and then we've got another party in the evening so the sun doesn't stop but i'm feeling happy um to be here and i've just been my mind was a bit preoccupied just now so i had to do some work and do some content and do some emails but then i was like why am i getting stressed like i'm literally working on the yacht it's not that bad mabel like it's not the end of the world it's only marketing you know so yeah i'm in a good mood yeah we're doing that tomorrow on the quad bikes which i'm terrified of but anyway we did it and look at that stunning view wow look at that oh my god dinner with the we've got weekles hi girls who's hungry we're all pretty hungry i'm not gonna lie pretty hungry we need some food and we need some food in us because we've got a top side disco this evening so that's why we're all glittered up and we've got some cute outfits on and we're ready to have more beverages is [Applause] hi guys good morning guess what we're doing this morning oh my god i can't believe i'm awake first of all we were up all night i've lost my voice again classic what are we doing what are we doing i'm scared joe you're gonna be a good driver right no i'm going to kill you we're going to crash left right and center and just watch out everyone stay off the road okay liv is my driver and i'm passing the princess as always but okay we're ready okay so he's not she's not killed me yet but can we kill jack very fun actually take it all back and the views are incredible there's something to come down look at these views how we doing girls amazing viewers look at that wow look at that that is amazing she's a good driver guys nothing to worry about hi everyone i've not vlogged today because i've been a bit hungover but last night was really really fun yeah i'll put in some clips of what we got up to but it was an absolutely hilarious disco vibe which was really just good vibes and fun and we've now just been doing some picks because it's golden hour pulled myself together and we're gonna go for some dinner so fingers crossed there's some nice vegan food for me had a very nice aubergine yesterday so hopefully there's something good yeah here's our little dinner spot with the girls look how pretty this is the vibes are just immaculate we just sat over there the shots are coming in it's been non-stop drinking hi everyone what day is it is it wednesday it's wednesday today wednesday on the yacht we come with lassie and we're doing we me and her are the only ones on our tree that are going to go do some yoga um so we've had a bit of a change of plan today because of the choppy weather and the wind it means we can't do this circle raft which is a bit of a shame so we thought we'll go to the yoga and it will be lovely let's go to my hair yoga's all done lassie's going for her appointment now so she's got to go but look at that nice view we're feeling all zen friends we can sleep under the stars we can't sleep under the stars say something something cause we don't talk about nothing no more no more but we survived our yachts over there and now we're on land and we're off for the final big party of the yacht week so let's go we're still in our some of the girls are still in their hippie outfits from the regatta that wasn't really regardless of it anyway i'll explain that tomorrow now we're gonna go party aren't we well done girls pour me a glass of that asap thank you cheers we lost one i got to the top with them any injuries preach it says and a special vegan one for me and a special vegan salad doesn't this look it's so good so good having a host is the best thing ever dapho good morning everyone it is friday friday so that means that it is the penultimate schedule of the day although we haven't been following the itinerary anyway but it is the final day tomorrow when we check out so we have vote for tonight and today we're going to hydra which is another island yeah like i said they've changed all the schedule around because of the weather so last night we just kind of roughed it up here in this little kind of i don't know rocky sheltered area it sheltered from the wind so that we could all join the boat together and then this morning they've just separated the raft i think we're gonna have a little breakfast um very soon and i'm just thinking how amazing that water looks it looks so fab i wanna go dip in but last night was really fun went for a swim at like midnight and it was just amazing the stars were amazing just like in the middle of nowhere on our boat the wi-fi isn't working which has been a little bit stressful with work i was trying to get some reception to do some work yesterday right here on top of this boat which felt kind of funny but anyway i managed to make it work then could just relax and party with everyone which was really really fun and yeah i'm looking forward to exploring this island of hydra today apparently it's very instagramable so that sounds like a bit of me and i'm talking quietly because people are asleep and i'm wrestling my voice and i'm wondering should i go and have a little morning swim in that case we'll be using water sounds amazing right now oh yeah and i forgot to tell you about regatta which is the um kind of costume competition and sailing race although we didn't do it sailing just because the weather is so so bad and choppy we went as like hippies but we were the least organized group ever in our costumes weren't great but never mind it was still alive looks delicious what about this yeah it's so pretty we've just stopped in hydra hi girls we've all got some voices haven't we so we've spent the day meeting about in hydro it's been lovely i brought a couple of souvenirs some bracelets and we've had a little swim and a sunbathe down there which is just amazing the water is just so beautiful and we're just waiting for our ferry now um grabbing an apparel spritz and just living the good life look how clear that water is so beautiful ice cream stuff there's literally loads are you gonna have some too i was you're on we can sleep under the stars it can sleep under the stars or hang out in hotel bars driving somewhere in your car we can sleep under the stars we can sleep under the stars hi everyone it is day eight the end over finished i'm so sad i'm so sad to say that i'm just gonna sit on this bed and talk to you guys for a minute i'm so sad that the yacht week is over um so just to fill you in on yesterday after we spent the day in hydra which is that lovely lovely island we got the ferry back to athens while they sailed the yacht back to the athens marina and then we did have one more night that we could stay on the boat um but quite a lot of people booked a hotel for that last night just because it is kind of like camping on the boat and it's not like super comfy i was so desperate for like a good night's sleep and a real bed so that's what i've had um last night so i booked the hotel the same hotel where they had planned like the final night um party so there was everyone from the yacht week was up on the rooftop bar upstairs and then i just thought i'll book a room in the same hotel and it and it's been really nice um very comfortable had a good night's sleep had a lovely hotel breakfast so i'm definitely pleased that i made that decision even though i remember before before i decided to go on the yacht week and i was reading reviews and things some of some of a blogger or something was saying how they did that and i remember thinking why would you waste a single moment on the boat like you know what a waste of money but then yeah when it got to it i was like oh my god i need a real bed i'm a really really light sleeper so i just felt like i needed to be in a bed that's not swaying and honestly the room is still swaying but anyway um i've just been looking through like photos and videos from the week and just i have had the best time ever i am so glad that i did this trip um even though it just felt really random i remember when like i was in athens before i met up with the group i was thinking what am i doing like i was scared i was on my own whatever but i'm so glad i did because it was honestly the best time um i can't even pick a highlight it was so good i think there was yeah there was so many good moments i loved being rafted up on the boats and stuff but i loved the white party that was really fun the disco was really fun the atvs were really fun literally everything was just just an absolute blast um i met so many cool people and i love i love meeting people i think that's what i've kind of concluded from this trip i love meeting new people and i love being social so i just i just loved it i've i just had such a good um yeah i don't even know what else to say i'm just literally buzzing i cannot recommend this um holiday enough it was so worth the money trying to think how much i actually spent i don't know i don't really keep track of what i'm spending it's not very good so sorry but the um the group that i was with they got quite a good deal on this premium boat because they bought it off of another brew another group or something but anyway yeah i think that boat is 1 700 pounds per person and then you buy your groceries and stuff i think i probably spent about 2 000 pounds on on the trip that's my guesstimation with once you once you get drinks once you get all you travel but it's so worth it so worth it it was so much fun yeah a couple of the days i was absolutely knackered i'm not gonna lie so i do think pace yourself if you're gonna do the yacht week it's a marathon not a sprint like most festivals are like what three four days and that is a whole week so it is a lot and there was one of the days i was like i am literally dead but yeah anyway the past few days i've just been like taking it easy um and just yeah being really present and just loving it i just i'm just i can't tell you how much fun i've had and i really want to keep in touch with all the amazing people that i've met um it was nice to have a couple of other solo girls on the same boat as me because yeah we're literally in the same boat and that's really nice um we yeah we became really good friends and we have one from spain one from new zealand all these girls from zimbabwe like we're all just good friends now and that's just so nice like i love meeting people from all over the world that have like yeah come from different walks of life to you it's so much fun oh so now what am i doing now i've just been working upstairs um after i had the hotel breakfast i got had a coffee just been doing some work even though it's a saturday i'm a bit topsy-turvy on my work schedule and then my flight is at 9 45 pm i'm flying to manchester thank you to everyone that gave me some manchester recommendations i've not been to manchester in so long so i didn't i don't know like me and my boyfriend want to go for some nice meals some nice food so yeah thanks for the recommendations um i've just packed as well um so yeah i'm getting the flight and then me and connor are checking into a hotel in manchester very excited to see him um i wish he'd come with me on the we we'd have such a good time doing it together but yeah it was maybe next year next year i'm gonna round up the girls round up connor and we're all gonna have a great time okay i'm gonna go by the pool catch some sun and enjoy this lovely greek athenian sun while i can

  Top Comments:
  1. @clairecheesman2187 [1 likes]: Wow...2000.for trip?? Thats so.good?
  2. @kkostura7013: Whats the name of the hotel the last night?
  3. @Lucas_Collins: Awesome vlog!! This has me SUPER excited for this summer hahaha
  4. @rachaeltindall4361: Hi! I was wondering which hotel you stayed at when you came back to athens after the yacht week with the hot tub on the roof?
  5. @httr9102: That looks like festival but on catamarans. Hell nah lol. So dumb
  6. @faykie7346: Black hairs Instagram 😇
  7. @travelingwithprince1585: I'll be staying in Plaka, Greece next month. Where can I find a good club there?
  8. @RifaiAlOfficial: 🇮🇩 Hello excuse me sis,,,nice to meet you and I'm rifai al in Indonesia, I really like your content and I immediately clicked the subscribe button and I will continue to support your channel.
  9. @sandyg4801: how did you meet the girls? was it all through the charted yacht?
  10. @clairecheesman2187: Ps...a summer of travelling
.how much approx in stirling 😊
  11. @clairecheesman2187: Amazing! Dm me on instagram.. ..how u do it xxx

I.work full time.
  12. @vajzavajza2748: super vlog😀😃

- Bad Used Boats to Buy: Kind: captions Language: en your parents might tell you to avoid hanging out with the wrong crowd would a good boat dealership tell you the same thing stick around to find out what used boats to avoid on today's video hi i'm sean from lens cove lessons and boating the used build market is really taking off in north america and that's fueled by everybody wanting to get into the activity of recreational boating with your friends and family and that's a great thing because of that there is a lot less use boat inventory out there so it makes it harder to make sure that you find the right boat for you on today's video we're going to really talk about the four types of used boats you should avoid and why now make sure that if you like this video please throttle that like button and get on board by subscribing for more and hit that notification bell on today's video we're going to cover avoiding boats that have really low hours and haven't been run avoiding boats that have likely sunk steering away from boats that have structural issues and watching out for certain types of power options that can leave you with expensive repairs in the future ultra low hours sounds like a great marketing tagline and definitely lower hours versus really high hours are probably something that you want to consider however if a boat has sat year after year after year perhaps in a customer's garage perhaps in someone's field or for whatever reason it has not been used much that is something that you probably want to avoid find out why and also remember that a boat that sits could have some internal engine damage from not being properly maintained there could be rodents or other animals that have chewed wirings and eventually you're going to have an issue and overall it's just nice to know that a boat was well used and didn't let the customer down probably one of the most dramatic things that can happen to a boat other than catch on fire and burning completely up is sinking problem is a lot of those boats actually come back to life because it is possible to get the water out of all the components to get the water out of the engine and they often fire right back up and work perfectly fine however in the long run you may find that there are more components that fail on a boat that has sunk you could have starter issues alternator issues you could have issues with your gauges your electrical circuits anything that is going to be conducive to getting corrosion on them is a possible failure point for a bow to sunk you're also going to possibly have things in your foam water oil or other contaminants and over time that may really minimize your enjoyment of the boat another big category of boats that on the used market you should avoid are ones with structural issues and it may not be super apparent by an overall viewing of the boat really take your time to look for things like a soft floor and a soft transom when you're inside the boat and you're walking around and you're stepping place to place make sure you try to put your weight in every possible spot on that boat's floor if you feel a soft spot stop and ask some questions it may just mean that there is one little bit of rot in the floor but it may mean that more of the structure below in the stringers are starting to go soft also the transom which is what takes the main thrust of that engine and propels the boat forward could be soft try taking the outboard engine and pushing hard up and down on it to see if there's much flex in the transom if it's an i o or stern drive you're going to want to grab a hold of that lower unit and really lift and drop that to see if there's excess movement in the transom another telltale thing to look for for structural issues are trails of water coming out of fixtures there are lifting eyes on the back of the boat and there's other bolts that go through the transom if you see a water stain that comes down from them you may wonder why is there moisture that's coming out of the boat's core or the transom and running down the outside of the boat or on the inside of the transom another category of used boats to be careful of is ones that have power options that may be hard to repair or are prone to failure the first one we want to talk about is older jet boats any boat that is 20 years or older should be approached cautiously any jet boat that has jet power that is 20 years older should probably be avoided altogether boats that were built prior to 2000 that have jet power were all two-stroke carbureted and definitely had not advanced to the point where they were reliable and we find that the componentry is hard to get so the repairs are expensive or not even possible besides the fact that they're very fuel and efficient and quite loud so i would avoid anything that is jet powered and over 20 years old another engine choice that you're going to want to avoid is anything that is omc powered if it has an omc cobra or an omc stringer you're going to want to avoid that because omc went bankrupt in the early 2000s because of that you have a availability issue with parts you have a technical knowledge issue with not enough mechanics knowing how to fix them and definitely they will be harder to sell on the resale market along the same lines force outboard engines which are no longer in production had a history of older type ignition and fuel delivery systems and overall just less reliable than a lot of other outboard engines lastly volvo made a really revolutionary drive called the xdp drive and it was designed to be very resistant to saltwater contamination because it was built with a composite material however that drive was not robustly built and is very prone to failure and you should avoid it like the plague those are all the types of used boats you should avoid because they are far and few between you won't see them every day they are a little bit like a needle in a haystack but watch out for them particularly in times like we currently have at the time of filming this video when there is very very low inventory what is usually left over has a higher probability of some of these avoidable traps check out the description below for a used boat buying guide and other resources to help you out in your boat buying and check out this link for a video we made for usb buying problems thanks for joining us on today's lens cove lessons and boating make sure you like this video and hit that subscribe button for more content just like this stay safe have fun and we'll see you out on the water

  Top Comments:
  1. @boatinglessons [53 likes]: Are there any other boats you have had issues with and think our viewers should avoid?
  2. @C-130-Hercules [1 likes]: B.O.A.T.
BUST OUT ANOTHER THOUSAND 
🛥️= 💵 🕳️
  3. @scottmcdonald399 [1 likes]: 70s and 80s jet boats with headers are fun AF!
  4. @Douglas-up2vh [1 likes]: Boating today us expensive.  But any boat can bring joy, if you can afford it. My 1st boat in 1987 was a 17 ft open bow 85hp. I served me well for 5-7 yrs. Then a 23 ft Wellcarft Nova. Fun times back then. Enjoy life if you can afford it. Life is too Short.
  5. @i.m.4901 [1 likes]: Danke dir für die wertvollen Informationen
  6. @LetsGoBoating: The low-hour boat warning is so underrated. A boat that barely moved is almost always a boat that barely got maintained, and that's a recipe for a surprise you don't want to find on the water.
  7. @LetsGoBoating: The advice about doing your homework before jumping on a deal is so true. It's way too easy to fall in love with a price and miss the red flags right in front of you.
  8. @parkerwise3895: Old jet boats are all 2 stroke carbureted? Didn’t know Chevy 454s had a 2 stroke option back in the Sanger days🤣
  9. @boodaghost6896: Seems like Yamaha also built a sterndrive that would likely be a handle if you needed parts.
  10. @asteiner9181: Avoid buying all boats PERIOD… just rent them.
  11. @hugs4drugs205: Avoid any boat that has ever gotten wet other than from washing it
  12. @rickgould2152: This vid is very cautious, and basic but in conjunction with other vids is good advice.
  13. @t-yoonit: I bought a runabout that was thrown off its trailer in a crash while being towed. It's a 95 that only had 600 hours. It overheated and tried to start on fire the first time we took it out, the floor is starting to get rotten. I rebuilt the top end of the engine. It runs great now. Replaced all the seals and gaskets in the out drive. When I pull the floor, I'm gonna reglass the inside where the hull got banged up in the crash. I'll refloor it and put in nice new carpet. I'll fix some of the shitty older wiring that was poorly done for the speakers and interior lights.

It was stupid cheap too. Even with the current planned repairs, I'll have less into the boat than what it's worth.
  14. @jim-jf5rn: Dude sounds like a school counselor.😴
  15. @rellyasistio658: More power Frm the Philippines.. have 2 speedboat
  16. @Allikten: omc stringer owner here. I bought mine needing a bottom end sterndrive. Found it on ebay for a decent price, found misc parts on ebay for cheap. the OMC pages on fadce book with thousands of members all have parts for cheap. Mine runs great, just do the maintenance.
  17. @krazykevinbushcraft: Guys blinking so much it makes me feel like I have somthing in my eye great video tho
  18. @stevest1300: Avoid boats that are expensive. For the average user, used Bayliners are terrific. Aqua snobs go for Rolex boat labels with no clue why. Bayliners are the Nickelbacks of the boating world. 50 million albums sold but it seem like everyone rags on them. They sell out every concert they play. I'm a 3 time Bayliner owner over 30 years. Never a problem,  durable, cheap to buy and easy to work on. Lots of cash left over for accessories to customize them your way.
  19. @ToddBrooks-l4n: How about mega yachts. Ha ha
  20. @viscount8388: i have 350 dollars to my name

- How My Parents Feel About My $2 Million Yacht | Dan Henry: Kind: captions Language: en-US Hey, everybody in today's video, I'm going to talk about how my parents feel about my brand new yacht. Hey guys, it's Dan Henry and I'm on board The Ohana, we are just about to have lunch. Got Alice sitting there waiting for her food. You got some vegan stuff coming? Yes. Tacos, vegan tacos. I'd like to quickly right before lunch, ask my parents how they feel about my yacht because this is the first time I've got both of them on board to check it out. We went out yesterday. We had a fantastic time. It was really cool. We just went out and anchored off of an island lunch and dinner, and it was just really peaceful. And it was really cool to see them, you know, see the hard work, pay off, building my business, helping our clients, doing what we do, and just to see them have it, you know, be able to stand on it and to be able to just experience it. So let's ask them. Hey mom. How are you enjoying the yacht? I love the yacht. I love it. Is it just spend my life here. Your whole life? My whole life, I can just stay right. You wouldn't get much exercise. Oh yeah. I would. You just going to run up and down the stairs and all around the bow? Right? Or are you just going to sit out and drink mimosas and eat? That sounds good. This foods looks fantastic, but there's the old man. Hey, so how are you enjoying the yacht so far? Oh, it's wonderful. It's fabulous. The best weekend I've had in quite a number of years. Well, you wanna go again next weekend? Maybe. What? What else do you got to do? What else are you doing? Well, I do stay pretty busy, but yeah, weather permitting. Sure. Why not? So what's your favorite part about the boat? The food, which we are going to eat right out there. All right. Besides the food, we all know the food is one, what's your favorite part of the boat? The whole damn boat, man! The front of the boat. Oh my gosh. The front of the boat? The bow, excuse me. The bow, because you get to sit up there, relax as it's underway and just kind of chill? Absolutely. Let's go ahead and take a look at what they're talking about. The bow. I'll take you guys up here real quick just to check it out. So this up here is the bow and what my mother is talking about specifically is this area right here. When the boat is underway, you just lay down right here and you look out amongst the ocean as it's going down. And it's just, it's really amazing. So let's walk back down now. There's my dad who is smoking a cigar. No, I'm emptying my ashtray. You're emptying your ashtray, but you're smoking a cigar here because we don't want to drop a big fat cigar cherry on the Teakwood right? Which I would never do. Just in case. We've got Alice over here. Alice, are you smoking something over here? Are you sure you're not smoking something? I'm actually not, not right now. I smelled something funny over here. Are you sure you're not smoking some funny stuff? The devil's cabbage. The devil's lettuce? Whatever. Unbelievable. Well, we got my mom to try some lettuce. She was giggling for about two days. You like the back of the boat right here? Is this your favorite spot? Oh, I love it. Have you been up to the top deck, the bridge? Yes, I have. Not this time, I haven't, but last time I did. Yeah, the bridge is the bridge cool. That's how my parents feel about the yacht, they're having a great time. Probably gonna take them out again next weekend. It's just really cool to be able to just have everything pay off, man. So listen, if you're trying to build a business, if you're trying to grow and you need help and you need help from somebody that's already done it, who's worked through tons of problems. Who's consulted hundreds of clients and just figured everything out already. I want you to check it out, getclients.com. That's my company, getclients.com, and we have a lot of free training on there. That'll help you grow your business, especially by growing it online. See you guys in the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @eamonshields2754 [2 likes]: Need the vid on how you break even on this money pit haha. Awesome boat though. A 60 foot Azimut is a dream of mine
  2. @bearcarmack1186 [1 likes]: Bro, so you bought yourself a t
yacht? Well then congrats 👏! I'm proud of you! I'm glad to hear your parents are happy with the yacht also!  May you have many happy times together!
  3. @chrisdaly9863 [1 likes]: What's the internet like? You gonna use Starlink?
  4. @DanHenry: 👉 Join the Epic Pitch Challenge: https://epicpitch.com?sl=How_My_Parents_Feel_About_My_2M_Yacht&htrafficsource=youtube
  5. @DanHenry: 👉 👉 👉This pitch made me $32,000,000 (steal it)  
https://youtu.be/wnet3Heur4c
  6. @DanHenry: 👉 Want to learn the easiest business model to start right now? https://aifreelancer.com/yt
  7. @fabulosityhair25: Such a blessing!!!
  8. @bernardonavarrete6656: Hi Dan can send me a link with diferente courses please.
  9. @smartinezist: Ha ha...love the video...your parents are so honest! So cute!

- Buying Your First Boat - Tips and Advice: Kind: captions Language: en good day there it's Ross here I just thought I'd talk you through uh buying your first family boat um I've just recently bought a boat um two kids getting out on the Harbor and I spent a bit of time doing some research uh and thought I'd sh what I've learned um the first thing that I did was wait until winter to buy the boat if you can um there's usually a lot more boats uh for sale people wait till the end season before selling them and at the same time there's less uh desire demand for people to come and buy new boats so you can um generally find quite a few boats people are quite Keen to get rid of them there's a lot less competition for them uh I did a bit of searching for a while uh found this boat here which I'll talk about in a sec um not the most attractive color which also made it reasonably cheap um B the middle of winter spent that time um checking it out and getting a few things done on it and had it already for summer um the other thing that you see here is um the size of the boat this is a 4 and 1 half meter um this is probably as small as you'd want to go if you've got a family two or three um adults or a couple of kids and an adult you want to go out um we had this boat out yesterday with uh four adults and two kids so it can actually take the few people you need but that's about its limit um and probably the other Keen um thing to look at is to make sure you look at the motor get a good condition of motor i' talk about that a bit as well um and make sure you get um more more um better condition of motor than you do boat so this is a fleel line Sapphire it's uh manufactured in 1976 in East hamy uh it's 4 and A2 meter um there were two types of Fleet line Sapphire um first was made by uh Rex Henry um from the 70s onwards he was the original designer of the sapphire and then in 1987 onwards there was another edition of the boat made by Keith Barm uh the Keith Barm boats tend to be a bit more lightweight um there is a lot of discussion about them potentially being more prone to breaking and cracking they're not built as strong as the originals were so if you're looking um I can certainly recommend the uh RX Henry 1976 onwards um and I I can't say much about the uh the Keith Barm 1987 onwards boats you need to have a look at them quite closely um you can usually find out all the information you need to on the boat on the back um and yeah so I can tell you a bit more about this I bought it off a guy used it for fishing so it's uh you know it's in working order um it's got a lot of sort of stuff on board that I can go through and share with you in other videos um but the plan is to um continue cleaning this boat up and restoring it and making it uh look a bit nicer and be a bit more comfy be a bit safer and um of other interesting items that I've noticed about the boat this looks like it's original sticker when it was purchased given the phone number is only four digits long so this will tell us that this was probably originally a freshwater boat uh freshwater boats usually in better neck obviously less corrosion from the um fresh water on the engines and so forth it's not clear that this was the original engine on the boat anyway so uh in fact you can guarantee it was unless they were peddling for 20 years um but uh yeah bit of the history still on the boat there um the outboard itself I can see has been serviced at one point at Condor Marine on Papa MOA so we know that this boat's been um around Tonga Bay plenty sort of area as well um so it's obviously had bit of story to tell before making its way up to Oakland um yeah those are the only other two pieces of interesting information that I found uh I'll continue on one other thing that I thought right out at the end of the video is just a bit of a discussion on fiberglass versus aluminium um aluminium boats are a bit more rugged bit more hard wearing you have to be a little less worried about taking them up onto the beach or um getting in any Stones um the trade-off being that a fiberglass boat tends to be a bit easier riding on the water a bit more comfortable a bit quieter uh a bit more refined so um I eled to go with the fiber glass um mainly for the wife and kids to be able tojoy themselves more on the water um and um reasonably happy with that but there's still plenty of reasons why a ten would be a good boat as well uh the other things that came to this boat was a cover an old vinyl cover that Clips along the Dome to keep the water out when you're storing it and a bimy uh which goes over the top of the boat uh to keep the Sun out and to keep a bit of the wind off as you're heading out in the water pretty important for um for heading out with the family on the water uh it has an attachment for a secondary outboard which I I haven't gone gone with getting just yet um I might do that in future um and then on board the boat itself came with the fish finder UHF radio and then OMC gears um for the boat that I'll cover off in a another club

  Top Comments:
  1. @stlouismofishing [2 likes]: Were can you find this style of boat in America ?
  2. @jrodsone2309 [1 likes]: Chur how’s your boat coming along?
  3. @freemind222 [1 likes]: Red boat gotta name it drop of blood as in drop of blood in the ocean
  4. @ryanbrown9343 [1 likes]: I can tell u r kiwi by your accent
  5. @TheUKFishingGuy [1 likes]: Cool video... how did you get on with the restoration you done on the boat? :)
  6. @nighthawk3559: Wht a bag of shyte
  7. @MadMax-cw3pn: Very nice ride👍
  8. @Rivaboyz1987: How much did u pay for her mate I’m after boat about the same size as this I’m looking for 1 now
  9. @toddmoody9507: Great video thanks, is the fleetline still going well for you? I have just purchased one so fingers crossed it's a good old vessel. Do you happen to know your Outboard's length (20"?). We are considering re-powering but finding it hard to get info on the correct outboard size.
  10. @IsraelTangaroaBirch: Hi where did you get the bimini?
  11. @andrewmaher3579: that's good mine is too
  12. @andrewmaher3579: what's the problem with the boat?
  13. @kenpowell9713: How much you get the boat for? I just picked up a 1973 Pleasure for 1000 good shape but need a boat mechanic I'm in Sacramento any suggestions?

- How To Charter a Yacht [The Basics]: Kind: captions Language: en [Applause] have you ever wondered if you could Charter a yacht if you think it's something where you have to be massively wealthy or know everything about boats to plan a vacation or a yacht charter on a boat I'm here to tell you you're wrong and walk you through the process so that you could plan yourself on an epic vacation for your friends and family I have been a charter broker since 2011 I have been working full-time in the industry I've been a sales manager I've trained tons of people up into this position and within the industry I frequently have other peers asking me for advice and tips and I'm happy to share my expertise with you and anyone that ask to help you plan the right vacation for you and your friends in this video I'm going to walk you through exactly what it looks like to Charter a yacht I'm going to cover everything from what it's like planning the trip the financial aspect of it and what it's like on board the I've booked yacht vacations at every end of the spectrum from spring break trips to Mega Yachts for movie stars I'm here to tell you anybody can do this vacation what luxury means to you it's what not the same thing it means to somebody else and the islands and these Charter destinations are fabulous on any boat you're on so let's talk about how it works most people are going to book seven nights 8 days it's going to be this experience where you wake up unpack your bags once and you wake up somewhere new every day the reason why you go to these Charter destinations is usually there's a lot of islands in a really close proximity to each other you're never going to be that far from land in most destinations and in most places you can actually see where you're going before you leave I think a lot of people think about like deep sea fishing or something that's their other big boating experience and went on a fishing trip for a day this is completely different you're not going way offshore where you can't see land you can almost always see land and you're never that far out of the sight of land you're going to sail for 3 to 4 hours a day so on a typical day you're going to wake up have breakfast talk about what you're going to see and do and then kind of set sail you might pull out um the water toys in one of these destinations maybe do some snorkeling maybe use a paddle board a kayak do go tubing there might be a jet ski on the boat that you could explore those are awesome examples of things that you might do when you get there early afternoon it's probably where you're going to find yourself either where you're on moing ball somewhere for the day or you are on dock for the day it's going to vary whether or not you're on a moing ball or whether you're docking a lot of it has to do whether you're in the Caribbean or Mediterranean if you're not on a dock the boats all have a small boat called the dinghy that you're going to use to get to and from the shore as you need to when you plan your trip you're probably going to get a yacht with at least a twers crew so that would be a captain and a cook who are going to handle everything for you during the trip you will complete a preference list before you start which will be your dietary preferences so any food allergies or dietary restrictions are just I don't like that sort I don't like mushrooms don't put them on my plate whatever it is the crew will customize it for you they'll take care of everything for the week they'll tell them if you plan to eat off the boat or if you have every meal on the boat and they'll make sure that everything's all taken care of for you so that you're having an all-inclusive experience that will include stocking the bar for you as well with whatever you request and then on your preference list you will also complete what you like to do and what kind of trip you have in mind for this what do you see yourself on vacation are you looking for peach bars night lives and clubs each destination you go to do you want to find where are the best restaurants in this area where else can I go where is going to be a really unique experience or I want to get away from everything can we spend some nights on anchor under the stars away from everyone whatever it is you're looking for they can customize it for you most yachts and most crew are going to be experts on this sailing destination so they should be able to guide you through the whole process you can be as involved in the planning process of the itinerary if you want to or you can leave it all of the crew so most people have one or two spots that they've heard about or has been recommended to them that they really want to go and then after that they kind of leave it up to the crew to kind of fill in the gaps and make any changes based around witer weather the thing that I really stress too is that this is your boat for the week so if you find yourself somewhere where you're just having so much fun this place is so beautiful I love it here I'm going to start looking up real estate prices whatever it is you can change your plans and spend two nights there it's not a cruise ship you're not on a set itinerary it's your boat for the week and you can customize a vacation any way you see F when you've got to your destination you're probably going to arrive early in the afternoon you're going to get to where you're docking when you're going to be set up for the day what this experience is like is going to be really different whether you're in the cariban OR Mediterranean we book yachts in other places too but those are the most popular places to go so I'm going to talk talk about those the most but in the Caribbean you're almost always anchored or you pick up a moing ball which is just another word for a permanent anchor but you're out in the water you're surrounded by the water it's great you can jump off the boat um you can use all the water toys and you're surrounded by tropical Blue Water you use a dingy to get to and from the shore in these destinations it's probably going to be like the food on the boat is probably going to be the most amazing thing but it's fun to go to the beach bars and check things out and every area and every destination will have a few great places that you want to experience to in the Mediterranean it's a little bit different I would say a Mediterranean Charter is much more of an immersive cultural experience Everybody Eats at least one meal a day off the boat and part of the fun of it is trying out the different restaurants I mean who goes to Italy who goes to Greece and doesn't plan to eat off the boat you've got to check out the local Cuisine and they're going to really vary everywhere you go and you get a great authentic experience when you find yourself in some of these really small Islands there's one Bakery on the island there's one restaurant and people are so welcoming and so thank thankful that you've come to their little island checked out their little restaurant their little Taverna everywhere you go there's going to be cobblestone streets there's going to be art and jewelry for sale which are my favorite things to buy on vacation they last a lifetime it's just and there's going to be history so there's going to be forts to explore there's going to be old ruins it's going to vary a little bit between destinations but very much a cultural immersive experience and a lot of the time you're docking in the Mediterranean so you can just walk off and on the boat as you please how much does it cost as long as been a charter broker everywhere I go everyone I meet wants to know how much does it really cost to do a trip like that that's so interesting I've never heard about that what does it cost I hate to talk in Broad Strokes because everybody's idea of what luxury is is a little bit different but just to give you some round numbers we're going to say if you're looking for allinclusive experience so again at least a two-person crew all your meals and drinks included it's going to be at least $20,000 a week for a catam and that's going to be entry level pricing our average sale is certainly a bit higher than that but you know if it's a family trip if you're bringing your kids that's kind of a a number to keep in mind that you could be around 20 and you could get it done for that you might find when you're looking at options oh if I spend a little bit more I get something a little bigger or the boat's a little bit newer these are all things you can weigh as pros and cons if we're talking about like a catamaran Charter in the Caribbean something like in the Virgin Islands where there's lots of catamarans to shoes from the catamarans R in from like 20,000 a week to 100,000 a week you can have a really nice experience for if you're in there for like 30 to 40,000 and if you know you're splitting that cost between 4 couples it gets really comparable to what you would pay to be at an all-inclusive resort elsewhere in the Caribbean but instead you're on this really exclusive really private vacation that's going to be a once- inal life experience when we're talking about power Yachts I would say the entry level threshold is a little bit higher I'm going to say that you're probably going to start at 40,000 maybe we could find some boats cheaper than that but it's probably to start around 40,000 a week and go up from there the hot spots for that would be like the Bahamas is full of power Yachts to shoes from and certainly in the Mediterranean there's tons of boats to choose from their power Yachts as well the advantage of it is just you're going to get a sweet master cabin every boat on a power yacht is going to have a master cabin and then maybe a second VIP cabin that are way nicer than the rest which is great if you know one person is picking up the tab you know if Grandpa's picking it up for his kids and grandkids it's great they get the master cabin maybe his kids get the VIP cabin something along those lines when you start getting kind of over 70 feet that's where you will find boats that have a Jacuzzi on the deck where you start to get different levels the more levels you have it's just more outdoor spaces you can explore the sky is a limit with how much you can spend on power Yachts you could easily spend a 100 Grand a week 200 Grand a week there Yachts to go up to a million dollars a week anything kind of in that Spectrum are probably let's say 70 to like 150 are a great budget you're going to get a really high level wonderful experience you can do something for 40 but probably the average price for a power yacht is going to be between 70 to 150 and again you know it's a lot of money but if you're splitting this between five couples or something things get a lot more affordable in some locations we also book High occupancy Yachts so boats might sleep 22 people um specifically in Croatia this is something where we do a lot of business in and in that area you know you're booking this giant yacht it might have a slide that's got every amenity maybe a sauna and a massusa on the boat a movie theater absolute luxury but because you can split the cost between 22 people or sometimes 30 35 people the cost per person becomes a lot lower so that's a great entry level place there are a few other places that are dotted around the world that have high occupancy Yachts as well like Indonesia or some other like Southeast maybe the Maldives the boats tend to move around a little bit so it's hard for me to quote where they are exactly but they're always in Croatia in other places there's regulations that make it difficult to run a high occupancy yacht so most boats will max out at 10 to 12 guests this is kind of um the overview of what it's like to Chara and how you get started in this process our goal is to have a conversation with you give you options help you make the right decision and help you make an educated decision working with a charter broker whether it's us or anyone else what we do is we provide you free advice it's similar to using a real estate agent so any broker you talk to can give you any boat in the world that's available for Charter and different Brokers though just like different real estate agents will have more local knowledge we'll be able to tell you more about the boats and the features in one destination versus another we also you know have a member of the charter yach Brokers Association International yach Brokers Association and a few others that just um help s in The Benchmark create codes of Ethics to standby and are a way to help you figure out who you should be working with in the industry but it doesn't cost anything to use a charter broker and we give you free expert advice and help guide you to find the right boat for you and your group no matter what your budget is or what degree of luxury you're looking for we can help you plan your next vacation so reach out to us now to start planning your next yacht vacation and make this dream become a reality you don't have to be rich you don't have to be a movie star to go on a yacht charter anybody can do this from college kids to family vac to couples Retreats and couples escapes we book it for everyone let us plan it for you

  Top Comments:
  1. @kathrynmarrero5263: This was excellent!! I’m ready to charge will be I touch 
Thaaaank you bunches

- TOP 5 Things You MUST Know When Chartering Luxury Yacht in 2024  - explained by Experts: Kind: captions Language: en The demand for Yachts is huge a lot of people&nbsp; on a charter this is something everybody wants&nbsp;to do nobody doesn't want to spend a week&nbsp; on a boat somewhere beautiful. After Covid we have seen an extreme increase in the booking the size of the boats have gone up in clients the clients on board have gone up so the&nbsp;boats are extremely well booked 6 months out easily. We have destinations like Croatia&nbsp;where it's it's really hard to find any boats 4 month 5 months before the charter because&nbsp;they are so well booked. It's critical to understand what you need. Number of guests and&nbsp;being able to book a boat 6 months in advance it's much much better than last minute. We're&nbsp;seeing a lot of new yachts amazing large yachts both catamarans and motor yachts some of the&nbsp;catamarans even have Jacuzzi on board. it's a true blessing to see all those boats&nbsp; coming in and fill them with clients.&nbsp;&nbsp; Let me just say that even though there is a large&nbsp; number of new boats coming in they book fairly quickly. The best boats book first I want to say&nbsp; and on a short notice booking the boats&nbsp;&nbsp; that are left are mostly the boats that myself or&nbsp; other brokers my colleague did not put any clients on. We're finding that clients who book early&nbsp; enough obviously have A access to more boats&nbsp;&nbsp; because there's more availability and B&nbsp; also have enough time to actually be able&nbsp;&nbsp; to look through all of the boats and really&nbsp; understand what it is that they're looking to&nbsp;&nbsp; achieve from their charter. The broker&nbsp;will send you an initial offer including votes that are not on our website. Private boats&nbsp;whose owners do not wish to be public. The more feedback we get on the first email on the&nbsp; size the quality the number of cabins the enmities the client would like that way&nbsp;we can then find the perfect boat for the client. It's important to make sure that you've&nbsp;got your boat secured and you've decided exactly where you want to charter because a lot&nbsp;of times it changes the destination you say I want to go to Greece people's first&nbsp; thought is Athens but there's also the Ionian. Once you have found a boat for your group try to lock it down put on hold with your broker on that particular boat. And what that means&nbsp;is that for a week nobody else can actually book that boat for those dates. It is not a&nbsp;case of you can put 25 boats on hold with 25 different brokers and then get 25 contracts and&nbsp;decide which one you like and it is very much a case I'm just going over the last detail as&nbsp;opposed to still deciding which boat you'd like to book. Buying your air tickets before&nbsp;locking down a boat is not a good idea. Simply because we have to be quite flexible&nbsp;with the Yachts some boats it seems to be available but then they would have a 24hour&nbsp;or 48 hour turnaround. Definitely definitely book your boat before your flight tickets. Why&nbsp;should you inquire with us and not someone else? Good question. If you choose us you can check&nbsp;our Trustpilot and check the specific broker who will handle your business. I will invite you&nbsp;to go to our about page and pick the broker you feel resonates with you the most. The Brokers&nbsp;that will personally handle your business and your family. We have a track record of doing a good job. Please feel free to inquire.

  Top Comments:
  1. @2011blueman [1 likes]: So lots of supply and lots of demand. Genius video.
  2. @Turn12335: If you didn't quite get the message-they don't want you to leave your rental till the last minute in order to get a big discount. Please book well in advance and pay lots more

- HOW TO CHARTER YOUR YACHT! HOW YACHT CHARTER WORKS.: Kind: captions Language: en how to charter your yacht there are many yacht owners who watch this youtube channel and many future yacht owners too so what are the benefits of putting your yacht on the charter market how much does it cost what are the steps that you need to take to make that happen i wanted to take advantage of the fact that i'm at the fort lauderdale office of north robin johnson where there is so many experienced yacht brokers one of which is adam fitzmaurice who is a charter manager with quite a fleet of yachts on his books now adam has been in the industry since 1998 he's worked as crew on yachts and he's one of the world's most successful charter managers i can think of nobody better to answer those questions [Music] so adam first of all thanks for taking time out of your busy day to talk with us pleasure the video is about how to charter your yachts but before we talk about the how what about the why why should somebody charter their yachts i think there's a lot of benefits for for chartering yachts or chartering out your yacht the first one is is purely a business decision it's to help offset some of your running costs very rarely will it ever cover your costs you know there's um there was obviously a lot of expenses having it having a yacht but the charter revenue definitely helps um it can help be reinvested into into the program it can help cover some of your crewing costs so there's lots of benefits for on just purely from a fiscal perspective and then from a day-to-day operational perspective i think as well there's a lot of benefits boats like to be used they like to be moved um the doors like opening and the toilets like flushing and the tvs enjoy being turned on and off so i think on that side there's a real benefit too yeah i mean if you just leave the yacht there in the dock for potentially seven or eight months of the year it's not really good for the machinery or anything what about the crew do you think crew enjoy being on a charter yacht i mean as x crew myself i loved chartering i mean i am i think you get that day-to-day challenge you get to meet new people new families you get to see the vessel being used in a whole different type in a different way different locations that the guests enjoy get to use the toys yourself and really showcase what the vessel can do as opposed to when it's in a private mode often it's just you know you know your owner you know the family so you don't necessarily go with all of the toys or do all of the theme nights and i think um crew enjoy it they thrive on that for sure yeah i think it's very very hard work but it's financially rewarding isn't it to be working on a charter yet yeah absolutely um you know in the service industry whatever part of the service industry you're in there are there are gratuities there are tips um and that's definitely one part of it i think crew obviously appreciate the gratuities and the tips it is a it is an important factor i think for a lot of them it's just the fun it's the fun element yes it's tiring they are long long long days um but i really think that they enjoy it on a multiple on multiple levels great so that's the why let's say that i'm a yacht owner and i've thought about it and i've decided yeah i've got a 150 foot yacht i only use it a couple of months of the year maybe i should put it on the charter market what's my first step so i think initially the most important to step step to think about understand is am i able to is this something that the vessel is able to to do so obviously previously the vessel probably classified as a private yacht in order to charter you need to move it into a commercial status and there's certain hoops you need to jump through there's some requirements predominantly by insurance and flag state to ensure that the vessel is compliant commercially compliant so that's generally the first um the first step and who might help with that i guess captain could be of assistance absolutely i mean the main driving factor for the for the rules that you need to follow is flag state so depending who you're flagged whether that's jamaica marshall islands cayman islands saint vincent the grenadines the first step would be to invite them on board and they'll do what they call it is like a pre uh a pre-survey so they'll come and check on the compliance of the commercial uh commercialness of the yacht how was it built is it in class do you have enough life rafts do you have enough life vessels um how's the fixed firefighting equipment safety equipment etcetera and then you got to work through the non-conformities and they can be quite large you know depending where it was built how it was built so that's really the first step and then there's a financial evaluation is it worth that investment to bring the vessel up to commercial code beyond that then you get into the really the nitty-gritty of um how to do it and not just how to do it but how to be successful and i think you know once you get over the paperwork side then you get into the fun bit and i guess that's when people contact you yeah very much so the second step would be i guess find an atom of the situation hey look we're in the relationship industry um whatever element of yachting you're in it's all about the relationship when we very much look to build a rapport with our with our clients you know it's essential that everyone understands successful charter management relies on a successful team and we don't work for e for anyone we work for each other we work together and i'm a great believer in that relationship between the charter manager and the owner and the captain really being very very strong um and understanding where we're all coming from so that that's a huge part of the success can you give me some examples of that of the um understanding where we're coming from so what do we want to achieve you know what are we trying to do are we trying to be a very very busy charter yacht and a busy charter yacht can be 10 12 14 weeks up if we're trying to be a very busy charity how are we how are we placed in the market what's our commercial aspirations are we going to be up sitting price wise in the middle we're going to sit at the top um are we going to accept any charter are we going to move the vessel around the different islands to different locations um are we going to offer specials and by being very you know having these kind of high commercial aspirations perhaps you need to be less strict on certain requirements we're happy to have lots of kids we might be happy to have dogs on occasions with the right security deposit and then the other flip side of the coin is look i love my yacht i'm incredibly proud of my yacht i like the idea of a little bit of charter yeah but i want to be very very selective this is huge for us it's probably the most important conversation we can have i mean that's somebody's home it's a floating home but it's still their home it's where their kids play and their grandchildren play and their friends come on so understanding what they want to get out of this this process we're again in the relationship game we're looking for longevity of a relationship it's not just one charter and move on so sure and i guess from your owner's perspective they don't want to be constantly having sex to say to you adam i've told you i don't want party animals on my yachts absolutely because you already know that because you've got to know the owner very well um yeah and it's also not something that northup and johnson does you know the you know the history the foundation of this company has always been about families and family charters and family experiences now obviously five you know a group of five couples who want to charter are as welcome as well but i always think would i want these people staying in my house if i was away and i think we always try and put ourselves in the owner's shoes so we've got step one is to to get the yacht ready for charter it might already be ready or maybe there are certain changes need to be made step two find a charter manager who really gets what you're hoping to achieve where do you go well then we get into the marketing side you know we call it a product or a program or a brand because essentially that's what it is we're going into a charter market with you know probably 2500 other yachts on the market right now yacht folio i think has somewhere in the region of 1900 vessels listed for charter all around the world just for the benefit of the viewers who may not know what your folio is what is your photo so your folio is the mls the multiple listing system for the charter yacht industry and it's where the yacht managers will um load and um list the the different yachts that we have and it shows all the tenders and toys and the pictures the list about the crew it'll show where the vessel is going to be available and also the price it's kind of our one stop shop um profile or system that we use in the in our industry so um yeah i mean there's a lot of boats out there so how do you ensure that your vessel sits above and beyond its competition and again it's the marketing so you've got to have a product that you're incredibly proud of the owners need to understand that um together with the captain in the charter management we've got to build a buzz a bit of an excitement we've got to have a program under an a and a boat and a crew that we're incredibly proud of and we want to share so it's very very important that the product the bare bones of what we're doing is truly seven star now you mentioned they're the crew one thing is getting the the yacht ready for charter and having the flag state on board telling you what changes you need to make if any what about the crew in your experience um how much impact does that have on a successful charter crew is the most important element in chartering hands down the crew make the trip i mean the the yacht the platform is an incredible vessel for these great experiences and to see all these amazing places but it's really the crew that make or break the trip dynamic fun uh hard working i always think if i was on vacation and i can come out and be and know my children are being entertained and looked after by by some fun crew that the people serving me and around me are enjoying themselves and have a real passion for what they do you know that's it truly is the most important element of a successful charter program hands down any investment necessary there for the point of view of the owner entertainment we come back to that word entertainment i think there's lots of great crew out there who provide that entertainment these silly little things like themed dinners yeah you know um and barbecues and lots of water sports toys that's the big thing right now is water sports toys um and i think it's really important that owners do understand they do need to make an investment they might not like slides but slides are very very popular right now um so whilst it might not be something they're looking to do you've got to think well what would my niece or my nephew or my grandchildren enjoy because they're going to be the people who are going to be chartering it and certainly when you see those uh photographs of the the yacht with a inflatable water slide and all of the toys out and often they have the little floating pontoon there again with the jet skis from a marketing perspective you look at that and you think that i want to be there i want to be on that yacht yeah absolutely i had one of my uh one of my owners sent me an email over the weekend he just invested in two new um flight boards which are those kind of electric boards and also a party cabana which is huge inflatable island that guests can you know float off into to the distance amazing yeah so the process sounds pretty simple really once you've got the flag state to tell you what changes if any need to be made you've found a charter manager who gets with the program understands what you're hoping to achieve you've got your crew i guess in the best possible uniforms the best possible crew that you can get i guess the chef's very important yeah with that as well and you've got your tenders and toys you're pretty much ready to go but what kind of costs can an owner expect once the charter program starts so really and truly there are no we charge no management costs a lot of companies will charge for the production of videography photography and often can there can be associated costs and how they take that vessel to market here at northup and johnson we're very proud to say we offer all of that in-house i think we have a truly an outstanding in you know photography videography team and after that the only real costs are when business is booked i always say to the owners you make money so we make money when you make money so the costs associated really quite simple there is 20 commission and that's paid on the gross charter fee and that's broken with 15 percent goes to the booking broker so whoever brings the client and then five percent goes to the central agent the house and beyond that obviously there there are some intrinsic costs you've got to make sure the crew look great you got to make sure you are um keeping up to date with the latest trends toys investing on your avi avit system but apart from that you know there are really no day-to-day management costs now you said that um the 20 15 goes to the broker who brings the client to you what's the the strategy here is it important that you try to keep that as in-house as possible so that north rock and johnson can maximize the the profits i mean honestly if we don't work in that kind of way it's a little bit of a difficult dance that we play because whilst we work for northup and johnson our focus and our our responsibility is to maximize revenue for the owner and to bring him the best trip possible and the best clients and the best repeats so i mean in this company anyway there is no pressure whatsoever to just book with our own team it's really about what's the best for the yacht for the owner um and then you know for the crew as well it's really important that you remember to bring or try and bring as nice guests on board as possible and if they come from another let's say a competing brokerage house that's absolutely fine yeah absolutely i mean we have great relationships with brokers in the other houses it's one of the most important i said at the beginning we're in the relationship industry and to you know we work very hard to generate and to improve our relationships with the other brokers it's a huge part of our job excellent well thanks very much adam that's giving us a real clear picture on what somebody needs to do if they want to charter their yachts thanks again my pleasure thank you you

  Top Comments:
  1. @tylerl.4699 [6 likes]: Would love to hear Adam explain what "successful charter" means when his version of success with a boat is losing $ every month..
  2. @prophetseven728 [3 likes]: Did he say owners of the boats do not make any real money. Just enought to cover their daily coast. Yet, I bet this company makes a furtune. Something seems fishy here
  3. @FreedomForce100 [2 likes]: This has to be one the interview of the highest quality I have seen on any subject. Video 📸 insert for support and clarity. Outstanding.
  4. @rediscoveringamerica3003 [1 likes]: Interesting video and great info. I hadn't realized the competition to rent out yachts was this tough, but I can see how it works. I'm looking into this aspect as a business venture with a bit of a twist, and hoping to make it work. The wifey and I are thinking about buying a yacht to refit (Mostly interior repairs) to essentially be a liveaboard, and to be able to use as a charter most of the year. I plan to obtain my 200 ton masters license in time to be able to captain the yacht myself, and I am also capable of doing a vast majority of the mechanical upkeep and repairs as needed. The wife would perform mostly the domestic duties on board including some cooking, bartending, entertaining, customer relations, etc. We may need only 1 or 2 more crew at most depending on the charter to act as first mate plus 1 other as needed. Our hope is to not only defray ownership costs, but to actually supplement our retirement income enough as owners/operators to be able to use the yacht ourselves from time to time for our own enjoyment, and to live comfortably in a warm climate as we get older.
  5. @clint8u: Future !… for sure - Ty
  6. @matthewmiddleton2141: How do owners reserve and spend time on their own yacht?  Can they just take it off the charter market for the time they wish to use it or do they have to charter it themselves?  If they have to charter it then it seems that they are paying for using their own boat plus and taxes etc.
  7. @TrevellBrue: If anyone here would like to donate $15k to my Chartering busines plan it'd definitely carry me through to launch 😂😂 this is a pricey endeavor but we're making progress 🤙🏽
  8. @5000RR: dont buy  a yacht unless you got money to burn,10% a year of the yachts value will go to maintenance and other expenses,its cheaper to rent it couple times a year and its worry free
  9. @djwashx: Keep going
  10. @charterdocka: Great Video Clip. very informative. Thank you
  11. @arthurn8952: off-topic but i hope one day you feature Arctic P expedition yacht https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3mcpjDM7r88
  12. @calumshaw: Does the 20% include organising provisioning, fueling, planning itineraries, future mooring/docking, payment of crew wages etc.
  13. @eXtremeStreamers: WOW thank you YouTube I would have never have thought about Charting my Yacht I mean it's been in the back of my garden shed now since my son was six years old his 31 now all this time I could have run it to the local pond and have people pay me 1000's of pounds what a dumb ass I have been.
  14. @damnedyankee5: As a retired professional private motor coach driver, the “gremlins” that show up while being parked for a extended period of time are real! 

It always amazed me how a brand new $2.5M Prevost can magically develop issues with electronics, generators, air doors, etc., after only 2-3wks of downtime, let alone 2-3mo.! 😬
  15. @clifbradley: So how do skirt discrimination laws? For example, if you don't want party animals on your yachts or say you don't want kids, how do you not have to worry that people will decide to sue because of them being denied and say that they were a minority, but also a group with kids, and you don't want kids on your boat and they decide to sue and claim it was because they were a minority or say you don't want party animals and they claim minority discrimination. Who deals with that? Like I wouldn't want vegans or halal people on my yacht because my chef would want to quit, who handles that?
  16. @stevenzobel4517: Vary interesting David  thanks for sharing this video
  17. @donellefson5882: Thank you . What a great video .
  18. @ali95pho: Is Tatiana going to be chartered?
  19. @stevealexander5937: Very informative. I've wondered about several of the questions. Thanks for answering them. Thank you David and thank you Adam
  20. @Frederiktoday: Second question. I heard that adding your yacht as a charter,  it has tax advantages? (Even you never accept any client)

- Who am I? A philosophical inquiry - Amy Adkins: Kind: captions Language: en Throughout the history of mankind, three little words have sent poets to the blank page, philosophers to the Agora, and seekers to the oracles: "Who am I?" From the ancient Greek aphorism inscribed on the Temple of Apollo, "Know thyself," to The Who's rock anthem, "Who Are You?" philosophers, psychologists, academics, scientists, artists, theologians and politicians have all tackled the subject of identity. Their hypotheses are widely varied and lack significant consensus. These are smart, creative people, so what's so hard about coming up with the right answer? One challenge certainly lies with the complex concept of the persistence of identity. Which you is who? The person you are today? Five years ago? Who you'll be in 50 years? And when is "am"? This week? Today? This hour? This second? And which aspect of you is "I"? Are you your physical body? Your thoughts and feelings? Your actions? These murky waters of abstract logic are tricky to navigate, and so it's probably fitting that to demonstrate the complexity, the Greek historian Plutarch used the story of a ship. How are you "I"? As the tale goes, Theseus, the mythical founder King of Athens, single-handedly slayed the evil Minotaur at Crete, then returned home on a ship. To honor this heroic feat, for 1000 years Athenians painstakingly maintained his ship in the harbor, and annually reenacted his voyage. Whenever a part of the ship was worn or damaged, it was replaced with an identical piece of the same material until, at some point, no original parts remained. Plutarch noted the Ship of Theseus was an example of the philosophical paradox revolving around the persistence of identity. How can every single part of something be replaced, yet it still remains the same thing? Let's imagine there are two ships: the ship that Theseus docked in Athens, Ship A, and the ship sailed by the Athenians 1000 years later, Ship B. Very simply, our question is this: does A equal B? Some would say that for 1000 years there has been only one Ship of Theseus, and because the changes made to it happened gradually, it never at any point in time stopped being the legendary ship. Though they have absolutely no parts in common, the two ships are numerically identical, meaning one and the same, so A equals B. However, others could argue that Theseus never set foot on Ship B, and his presence on the ship is an essential qualitative property of the Ship of Theseus. It cannot survive without him. So, though the two ships are numerically identical, they are not qualitatively identical. Thus, A does not equal B. But what happens when we consider this twist? What if, as each piece of the original ship was cast off, somebody collected them all, and rebuilt the entire original ship? When it was finished, undeniably two physical ships would exist: the one that's docked in Athens, and the one in some guy's backyard. Each could lay claim to the title, "The Ship of Theseus," but only would could actually be the real thing. So which one is it, and more importantly, what does this have to do with you? Like the Ship of Theseus, you are a collection of constantly changing parts: your physical body, mind, emotions, circumstances, and even your quirks, always changing, but still in an amazing and sometimes illogical way, you stay the same, too. This is one of the reasons that the question, "Who am I?" is so complex. And in order to answer it, like so many great minds before you, you must be willing to dive into the bottomless ocean of philosophical paradox. Or maybe you could just answer, "I am a legendary hero sailing a powerful ship on an epic journey." That could work, too.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Clippytherevivaltime [1 likes]: "Who I am" is life biggest mystery :D
  2. @israelSadovnik-e7k [1 likes]: My stomach is a meat grinder, my heart is a blood pump, my kidneys are filters, my liver is a computer filter for the body (regulator of more than 500 vital functions), my brain is a thinking computer (with 100 different thoughts per minute), etc. Where am I? Who am I?
  3. @JadeHonor-n1p [1 likes]: Best The Best The Greatest Best BEST BEST BEST The Best
  4. @Luciferjb [1 likes]: I know who I am. I’m a dude, playing a dude, disguised as a another dude
  5. @ilysomuch_12: I came to find out who i am and now I’m even more confused
  6. @HabibaAzimi-t8g: Diving in bottomless ocean
  7. @BogdanBykov-f3l: Рекомендую для тематики хороший фильм Пилигримом российского производства о потерявшем память шпионе, либо его .аналог- Идентификация Борна
  8. @BogdanBykov-f3l: It's noiz. Know your self - got meaning of feeling your self during work, training, playing music...pzxd
  9. @malmalhi007: The Ship of Theseus is one of philosophy’s oldest puzzles about identity, and it survives because it captures a question that still troubles us today: how can something remain itself when everything about it changes? The story is simple, but the implications reach deep into how we think about people, objects, and even our own lives.

The tale begins with Theseus, the hero of Greek myth. After defeating the Minotaur, he sailed home in a wooden ship that the Athenians preserved as a monument. Over the years, the planks began to rot. To keep the ship seaworthy, the Athenians replaced each plank, one at a time. Eventually, every single piece of wood had been replaced.

At this point, the philosophers asked:
Is it still the same ship?

The riddle sharpens when we imagine a second twist. Suppose someone gathered all the old planks and rebuilt a ship from them. Now we have two vessels:

one with the original shape but new materials
one with the original materials but a new history

Which one is the real Ship of Theseus?

This is where the traditional model of identity begins to strain. It assumes that identity must come from inside a thing — from some hidden core or essence that stays the same while everything else changes. In this view, the ship must have a “true ship‑ness” somewhere within it, and whichever vessel keeps that essence is the real one.

But this assumption is the real problem.

Interpretive Consciousness Theory begins with a different starting point:
no interior is ever seen directly — it is always interpreted from the outside.
We never encounter a hidden essence. We encounter appearances, patterns, and continuities.

Apply that to the Ship of Theseus, and the riddle changes shape.

The ship that remained in Athens — the one that continued to sail, to be repaired, to be recognised, to be honoured — is the one whose pattern continued. Its identity lives in its ongoing appearance and function, not in the survival of any original plank. The ship rebuilt from the old wood shares the materials, but not the continuity. It is a replica, not a continuation.

Identity, in this view, is not something a thing has inside it.
Identity is something a thing does over time.

The Ship of Theseus remains itself because:

its form continues
its role continues
its recognition continues
its story continues

The parts can change. The materials can change. The planks can be replaced one by one. What matters is the continuity of the pattern, not the preservation of an inner essence.

The paradox dissolves because it was built on the wrong assumption. The Ship of Theseus is not a riddle about hidden cores. It is a reminder that identity is interpretive, relational, and visible. The ship is the ship because of the pattern it enacts over time — not because of what lies inside it.
  10. @aysebuyukkesk1n: I am the soul 🧘
  11. @Gacosta2k24Mark: This video really captures the deep mystery of identity. I loved the way it used the Ship of Theseus thought experiment to show how we can change over time physically, mentally, emotionally yet still ask: “Who am I at my core?" It made me reflect on how much of “me” is memories, experiences, and changing perceptions, and how much is an underlying self that stays constant. Thank you for such a thought-provoking exploration.
  12. @tolikaphan9014: This video somehow made me smile 😊
  13. @Vedicvibesorg: Perhaps there is no I to am.
  14. @imwsyau: It wasn’t until my mid-twenties that I realized I couldn’t even name my favorite food off the top of my head, I’d been so focused on what others wanted that I never stopped to consider what I wanted, or maybe it’s because it’s been a long, long time since anyone actually took the time to get to know me
  15. @imwsyau: It wasn’t until my mid-twenties that I realized I couldn’t even name my favorite food off the top of my head, I’d been so focused on what others wanted that I never stopped to consider what I wanted, or maybe it’s because it’s been a long, long time since anyone actually took the time to get to know me
  16. @josefmendoza4748: Me -2025
  17. @prostokrasavchik8837: You have to define first what is identity.
  18. @Theobliviousmerchant: The BRP Sierra Madre in the West Philippine Sea is protected by the USA under the 1951 mutual defense treaty. This is an old rusting ship. Look it up, its situation is somehow like the ship of Theseus lol.
  19. @sofiarou7603: i think why we stuggle to answer that question is being we are everchanging
  20. @lakshyabajpai4430: Please read who am I by Ramana maharishi

- The real mastermind in the Thundermans Undercover: Kind: captions Language: en He doesn't remember anything. He was just a puppet. >> If he's not the mastermind, then who is? [music] >> I'm not sure how to say this, but your dad's a super villain named the mastermind. >> No, no, you're wrong. >> I know it's hard to hear. I mean, you're wrong because I'm the real mastermind. I'm Bryson Chance, but everyone calls me VC. I'm Chloe and everyone calls me Chloe. But tonight was fun cuz I got to hang out [music] with you. And I had a great time with you, too. No, you hang out PC. I'm Bryson Chance, but everyone calls me PC. [music] I'm Chloe, and everyone calls me Chloe. But time was [music] fun cuz I got to hang out with you and I had a great time with you too.

  Top Comments:
  1. @hope12-2x [17 likes]: Whyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy😢 all those memories together with chloe and worse of all he is perfect for chloe noooooooooo😢
  2. @hankfarrell337 [17 likes]: As soon as they thought it was his father it seemed too obvious that the Dad was the mastermind. So I thought it had to be someone else. Though why build an entire empire just to get a superpower necklace? He could have just done a big evil stunt to get a superhero to get the necklace and not take months at a time. I wonder what his dad is really like? Anyone hoping for season 2?!?!
  3. @IronFan95 [11 likes]: Chloe: BC, How could you?!
  4. @paolotorres8537 [7 likes]: Poor Chloe. Her first crush turned out to be a villain
  5. @thenerfmaster5702 [7 likes]: Bryon chance is the real mastermind. Is he too young for evil? The plot is good. I’m hope Bryson stays in prison until he learns being evil is not good. He should spend time with his family instead chip and using them for his evil empire.
  6. @nicholasriley1169 [5 likes]: Do you remember the Thundermans Undercover episode, “No Friend in Sight”? Max and Phoebe would have been good friends with Brenda before they found out BC was the Mastermind if they did not fight over her. They did not even get a chance to be friends with Brenda, and Brenda did not appear in new episodes of the Thundermans Undercover. When Max and Phoebe lost Brenda as a friend, it was their own fault. If Brenda was still friends with Max and Phoebe, she probably would have liked to meet Chloe.
  7. @matthewsworldadventures8014 [4 likes]: Of course, the first boy Chloe likes turns out to be an evil supervillain! I mean, look what happened to Wednesday!
  8. @lasgaming3266 [2 likes]: Bro as she met him I had bad thoughts of him and thought
 It was no good,if I was there at the protest I’d be the loudest so jinx and Booch were right about his family since the start
  9. @FaithFrame-i1j [2 likes]: Plssss let him have a redemption he's too perfect for Chloe i hope they start dating 

Plss makers of the show let him have a redemption 🙏🙏🙏🙏
  10. @Vanja-k9c [1 likes]: Meni su kloi i bc bili preslatki ja bi voleo da ovo vide orkanizatori tandermenova i puste bc iz zatvora nista od ovog se nebi desili da nije bilo bc ovog tate 😢😢😢😢😢(izvinite sto pisem na srpskom srbin sam
  11. @justinvoracek9260 [1 likes]: Can't wait for season 2 of The Thundermans undercover what's going to happen next in season 2 and why did BC frame his dad and how does BC knows about Every video recording and how did BC become the Mastermind and this message is for thunder man and electric ⚡
  12. @SeanTawa-c2y: Yohh what's the name of this soundtrack
  13. @NaushadHoosen-q3e: ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
  14. @miketurik9404: Honestly I got Lloyrumi vibes from Lego Ninjago from this
Chloe = Lloyd
Bryson = Harumi
  15. @NetinhogamerGil: 😢
  16. @TimilehinAdams-pf8od: 😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢
  17. @MrStaggers: Yo Chloe, My You Look Hot And Gorgeous In That Dress
  18. @Soso568-t6u: What episode is that

- Identity in Christ - Sadie Robertson Huff - UL 2022: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] all right thank you all for welcoming me here so kindly it really is such an honor to be here um back story about 3 years ago I was on the street in London of all places and um someone came up to me and she said have you heard about this Festival that goes on in Norway with the Lutheran Church I said I have not she said you have to come it would be so cool and I said hey if you invite me I'm coming and so fast forward 3 years later got the invite here I am so I'm excited thank you for the invitation I'm pumped so y'all got to know me just a little bit just a little bit ago now I want to ask you a question if I were to say all right guys look I don't know any of y'all I don't know you guys like this is the first time I'm meeting you so let's get to know each other and what if I had each of you individually come up here on stage with a mic and you had to tell everybody who you are would you be a little nervous yeah that you can you can answer that he said no he's lying y'all you only supposed to lie in the church so we got some other problems we need to talk about you'd be nervous you would be nervous if you had to come up here and you had to tell everybody who you are and to be honest even if you didn't have to come up here and you didn't have to have a microphone and tell everyone even just thinking about who you are might cause some anxiety because identity is a really hard topic to talk about many of you sitting here ages what 15 20s something in that time of our life sometimes it gets really confusing who we are the world's shaping us as to who we are we're doing all these different things we haven't established a job yet we don't necessarily know fully who we are we're not married yet you know so so who are we right and we're trying to answer these big questions like I said when I was 17 I had done Dancing with the Stars I had done several other things but I was still asking myself the question of who am I like what am I trying to do you know and so one day I was on Instagram and I was kind of just wondering what other people would say if I asked in the question who who are you so I asked the question on my Instagram on my story what do you identify with and it was so interesting I got like thousands of different answers literally thousands of different answers some people said I identify with the way that I look some people said I identify with my grades in school some people say I identify with the school that I go to to some people said my identity is wrapped around my relationship status some people said I identify with the gender that I am with the sexuality I'm attracted to people said I identify with the job that I have with the race that I am a lot of people said I identify as what other people say about me some people say I identify with my popularity or my lack of popularity people sometimes said I identify with my disability or something I did in my past and then I had a lot of people people say this is the answer and some of you might be thinking oh I know the answer to this question I know what she's looking for I know exactly what I would say if I had a microphone because I know everybody would clap if I said my identity is in who God says that I am all right yeah exactly we would clap for that and for that I would be like yes that's awesome I love that you identify with that I'd love that you would say I am who he says I am maybe you sing that song Here the hill song I am who says I am we identify with who God says that we are and that is incredible but what I would ask you to follow up with that is has that actually changed who you are CU we can say it all day long but until it changes who we are it doesn't really matter you see because there was a time in my life when I was about your age where I could tell you so many things about who God says that I am I could tell you that I haven't been given a spirit of fear but one of power love and a sound mind mind but yet I was still afraid of everything and super anxious I could tell you that I was made all together beautiful and wonderful that God says there is no flaw in me that I am Made In His Image but at the end of the day I was still insecure I'm not confident in who I am so I could say all these things about who God says that I am but at the end of the day it didn't change who I am because honestly if God is not God to you then What God Says About You won't change who you are if God is Not on the throne of your life if he's not the priority of your life then what he says about you isn't going to hold much value in your life you see if your relationship status is number one then that's going to hold the value if your looks are number one if your status if your popularity if that's more important to you then that's going to shape who you are but if God is God if God really is the creator of the universe and if he really is the King of Kings and the Lord of lords and if he really did send his son to die for you if he really is God and you believe that he is God and you understand you are his child that will change everything about the way that you live period you will be confident you will have peace you will have joy you will feel loved you will F all these things because it will become true so the question tonight that I want to answer is I don't want to answer the question of who are you I want you to answer the question of who is God to you in Matthew chapter 16 it's really interesting because Jesus actually straight up asks this question basically he takes his disciples to a place called cesaria Philippi and in cesaria Philippi the backstory of this place in the Bible is this place was literally called the gates of hell so Jesus decides to take his disciples to the gates of hell this terrible part of where they were from and the reason why it was called the gates of hell is because this was the central Gathering Place of false worship what does that even mean what does it mean to be the central Gathering Place of false worship well basically in this place there was so many gods that these people bowed down to if you would go to cesaria Philippi you would see this Temple and that Temple and this Temple and this Temple and there were all to serve other gods so you would see the god of payan which is a very lustful God you would see a ility God for people who wanted to get pregnant you would literally see no joke dancing goats that people would go and bow to and worship you would see Caesar would have a palace that you could worship Caesar in all these other gods and Jesus took his disciples straight to this place comparing himself to all these other gods and asking his disciples who do you say that I am and let's listen to how this plays out verse 13 of chapter 16 says this now when Jesus came to the District of cesaria Philippi he asked his disciples who do people say the son of man is so he starts by saying who do other people say that I am and they said well some say John the Baptist others say Elijah others say Jeremiah or one of the prophets but then he said to them but who do you say that I am you see tonight I'm not asking you what other people say about God I'm not asking what your best friend thinks about God I'm not asking you what the country of Norway think thinks about God what I'm asking you is what Jesus asked his disciples but who do you say that God is and Simon Peter replied this he said you are the Christ the son of the Living God now you have to realize this is before Jesus Took the cross this is before he raised this is just personal relationship right here with Jesus and Peter recognizes who Jesus is you're the Christ you're the son of the Living God and then Jesus said this to Peter this is so cool Jesus said blessed are you Simon bar Jonah for Flesh and Blood have not revealed this to you but my father who is in heaven and I tell you you are Peter and on this rock I will build my church and the gates of hell this place we're at the gates of hell it shall not Prevail past what we are going to do y'all that is a huge huge portion of scripture because right here in this moment not only did Peter recognized who Jesus was he said you are God you're the son of the Living God you are Lord to me but right when Peter recognized who Jesus was notice that Jesus then told Peter who he was then Jesus said you are church and the Gates of Hell shall not Prevail so not only did Peter right there receive his identity but he also received his purpose after first recognizing that Jesus is God you see what happens when we recognize who our father is is we start to understand who we are and we start to understand what we are called to do when God becomes God to you and this book becomes true to you you have your identity and you have your purpose you have your mission you have a guide in this crazy life you see but what we're trying to do as culture and especially as teenagers is we want the world to tell us who we are we want social media to tell us who we are we're being shaped by social media and shaped by the voices of the world and shaped by culture and then we try to come to conferences like this and also find our purpose in God and somehow make sense of these things and how do I have this and have this but what culture says about you and what God says about you are normally going to do this boom they don't Collide they're in direct opposition of each other because culture and what it tells you is awesome and great and amazing and this is how you identify with and this is what you're going to be if you're going to be successful and cool and all stuff is completely opposite of what God says about you is true like I said earlier there's a path that seems right to a man but the end leads to death but there is a path of life and it is the way of Jesus Christ that leads to truth that's Jesus that's who God is and so we can't try to find ourselves in culture and live a full life for Christ because it's always going to be less than what you're called to do and less than who you are it will all always fall up short it cannot give you all that you are some of you are sitting in here and you're not as anxious about your identity you're like oh no I'm not really anxious about it I'm just confused by it because I'm sitting in here and I want to be found in Christ everything I've heard the past few days are it's awesome it sounds good I want to stand up I want to raise my hand I want to say yes I want that to be true but the reality is is that also identify with all these other things in the world I also kind of want to live this life I'm young I have my whole life to live like why can't I also do what culture says why can't I also live that way all these worldly desires I have are very real and very true too it's kind of like what Paul said he said I'm doing what I don't want to do and I'm not doing what I want to do there's this conflicted Spirit within him why why is this true well I want to tell you something that just because something is biblical and just because you're made in the image of God just because it's biblical doesn't mean it's always going to feel natural and that's something that you need to realize one time I was at um a friend of mine's rehearsal dinner and a rehearsal dinner is just the night before someone gets married and the night before someone gets married a lot of times in our culture you have this big dinner and everyone in the family gives speeches and they kind of bless the marriage and you know say how much that person means to them and all these things and this mom was speaking at it and you know how moms can be about weddings I don't know if it's like this here but in America they are very boohoo okay get a little emotional my baby's getting married it's a whole thing so the night before this wedding she's all emotional and she says something so profound in her state of emotion she says son it was her son getting married she says son although nothing about this feels natural it is extremely biblical and because this is biblical it's literally in the Bible I get to sit here tonight and rejoice that you are getting married and I love how she said it this doesn't feel natural to give you away it's emotional it's hard but because it's biblical I Will Rejoice there's a lot of things that are biblical that are not natural you see it is biblical that if someone slaps us across the face we're supposed to turn the other cheek now that does not feel natural if someone slaps across your face you're like no but you're called to turn the other cheek you see if it might feel natural to you to not want to go the extra mile with someone but Jesus says man if a brother asks you to go a mile go with him another you see it is not natural for me to want to forgive someone who's hurt me what's natural for me is to want to get mad and want to get angry and bitter and say I'm never talking to this person again but Jesus says to forgive someone not just once but 70 times seven times you see it might not feel natural for me to resist sexual immorality those sexual Temptations and the desires that you have in your heart those might feel legitimate that might feel natural but it is biblical that you flee from those things because God has a perfect plan within marriage you see it does not feel natural sometimes even want to live sometimes you wake up and you're like what is my life do I even have meaning do I even have purpose what am I even doing but it is biblical that your life has meaning and your life has purpose and God knit you together in your mother's womb and has plans that are good for you not to harm you plans for Hope in a future that is biblical that is true and so although it doesn't feel natural because it is biblical that's what I'm going to stand on that's the truth of what God says you see the problem is and where things get hairy is we have a culture that wants all truth to be truth truth is relative well that's your truth but my truth is I can do whatever I want what is truth right but I'm going to tell you something that is going to sound so obvious but I think we needed to be reminded of it this thing that makes the truth powerful is that it is true I mean that's true right the thing that makes the truth have any meaning and have any power is that it is true so just because culture wants everything to be true doesn't mean everything is true there's a verse in scripture and it says this it says and you will know the truth and the truth will set you free Jesus says that Jesus says that because he knows that he actually the power to set us free right well I was on Google one day and I was trying to Google where in the Bible did Jesus say and you will know the truth and the truth will set you free so I'm Googling this to find the verse reference and this article pops up and it says who said you will you free so I click on the article assuming it's going to be Jesus wrong click on the article there's thousands of different accounts of all these different people that said and you will you free probably more like hundreds not thousands but there's like person who said it in the 1900s and this person who said it in the 1800s during this movement and this person who said it on Oprah and all these different things and you will know the truth and the truth will set you free now when I'm reading that something hits me that is not true that is not true for anyone else to say that quote except for Jesus why because when Jesus said it he knew that him in and of himself being the way the truth and the life actually has the power to set you free from the bondage of sin and death he actually has the power to break shame off of you his truth actually has the power to stop you from being so afraid in your life his truth actually has the power to break depression off of you his truth actually has the power to give you identity and give you purpose his truth literally takes away the sting of death can any other truth do that no it can't be true that any other truth can truly set you free but the blood of Jesus see a lot of us and a lot of what culture would tell you is that you don't need God you don't need that truth you can be your own truth you can be your own God you can be your own power you can be your own love why would you need God for any of this right and it's the same lie that culture is telling us that literally told Eve this in the garden Genesis 1 if you remember Adam and Eve are in the garden and the serpent comes to Eve and tries to tell her if she takes bite of this apple then her eyes will be open and she will know good and evil and she will be like God you see Eve did not eat that Apple that day because that Apple just looked like such a good apple I mean have you ever seen an apple look that good that you would be willing to lose your whole life because you just got to take a bite never they will never look that good I don't care how red I don't even care if you had peanut butter it would never be that good to sacrifice that much Eve did not take a bite of the Apple because she thought the Apple looked good eve took a bite of the Apple because she thought if I eat this apple then I will be like God and when she ate that Apple guess what she realized she's not God she can't be God because it's tempting to want to have the glory of God but when you realize that to carry the weight of his glory you have to carry the weight of your sin all of a sudden it's not tempting anymore because the weight of Glory seems really interesting but the weight of sin is really scary the good seems really great but the and evil is what really stings and see to be your own God you don't only get to carry yourself on the mountain tops you got to survive in the valley so maybe your life will be manageable to be God maybe you'll live A okay life maybe bad things won't happen to you and maybe you can get by for some time trying to be your own God but what do you do when you face death then can you be your own God then does your truth set you free see that's the serious inness this friends we can say we're young all day long we can say all these things but the earlier we get this truth the earlier we get to be the fullness of who we're called to be and who we're created to be the earlier we get to be the light of the world the earlier we get to share in the victory of Christ you see what the word says it's the same spirit that literally raised Jesus from the dead is alive in you is that not crazy to think about like that becomes true when this is true to you when God is God to you the same spirit that raised Jesus out of the Grave is alive in you when this becomes true to you you become the light of the world when you wake up to the reality that you are not God but you are made in the image of God and you a child of God and you let that be enough for you you're going to live a very very full life and guess what it doesn't just change your life it changes everyone's life around you when you realize that it doesn't just change your life it changes your country's life it doesn't just change your country's life it changes the world you see because when Peter realized thousands of years ago that Jesus is God and then Jesus told Peter that he is Peter and he Peter literally means Rock and he said and on this rock so on you Peter I'm going to build my church that the Gates of Hell will not Prevail past and then when Jesus died was resurrected sent Peter on a mission do you realize Peter started the church and now 2,000 years later I am in Norway talking about the church do you realize how crazy that is I'm telling y'all what Peter realized that day 2,000 years ago I came 28 hours with a one-year-old to tell you what Peter realized that day the Gates of Hell shall not Prevail against it when you get a revelation of who your God is when you realize you're that person that's your identity that's your purpose the world changes period it's not too big of a thought to think that that is what happens that is what happens that's what happens when you realize it so we got to get out done with our insecurity we to get done with our we got to realize that we are God's child Moses had this revelation God showed up to Moses in a burning bush called him by name Moses Moses Moses is like here I am now realize something Moses was hiding at this time because he had just murdered someone okay bad things were happening so if you think your life is bad consider that okay Moses was hiding because he killed a man Moses had all kinds of identity issues he was adopted he didn't know his family at the time he was grown up in a house that wasn't his all kinds of stuff happening and God shows up to Moses and God tells Moses to go back to Egypt and to lead an entire generation out of slavery whoa that's a big call go back to where you don't want to go and Lead an entire generation out of slavery and Moses asked the same question that many of you would probably ask God who Am I who am I that I could do that and you know what God said in response to Moses he didn't sit there and tell Moses how awesome he is he didn't say Moses you are incredible do you not know who you are you are this and you are that and you are awesome and that's why I am here no he did not say that you know what God Said God said I am who I am and when people ask you who sent you here you just say I am who I am see that's why I said tonight we don't need to answer the question who am I you need to answer the question who is God who is God has anybody in here seen The Lion King the movie okay so y'all will get this The Lion King basically shows you a picture of exactly what I'm trying to say so Simba he thinks he killed his father right so he runs far far far away and he's living this akuna matata liestyle and aun it means no worries he's just doing his thing living his life Lear it up and many of you were in that akuda Matata time of your life it means no worries I'm just having fun I didn't even come here for I came here to th that hammer in the nail thing you know you're just a katana what does it matter right but then one day Simba was going to wash his face and when Simba went to wash his face he would looked in the water to wash his face and all of a sudden he saw his father Mufasa's face in the water he saw his father's reflection in him and what happened when Simba saw his father's face face in him as simus said I got to go back like all of a sudden when he was reminded of who he was he was reminded of what he was called to do and he realized I have to go back to Pride Rock because there's an entire group of people waiting on me to get this Revelation to go back and save them and so Simba has this Revelation and he goes all the way back you remember the scene you got Timone and Pumba everybody's running back to Pride Rock and he gets to Pride Rock and he lets out this loud roar as soon as he roared Scar the enemy at this movie turns around and he says Mufasa the enemy didn't even hear Simba the enemy heard his father's Voice through him you see that's what happens when you get an image of who your God is in you you were reminded one who you are two what you're called to do and that there's an entire generation waiting on you to wake up to the fact that you understand and have the power living in you to raise people from the dead because of Jesus Christ when you do that all of a sudden people don't see you it doesn't matter what you do because they see Christ within you it's no longer I who live but it is Christ who lives within me why do I do what I do why don't I do other things cuz this is all matters I had the opportunity to do that I had the opportunity to build my platform but I'm not interested in building my platform it does nothing for anyone I'm trying to build the kingdom that's what changes the world so you need to know who your God is so I'm going to remind you of who your God is I heard this message preached one time and this lady laid it out so clearly and I'm going to read you what she said over y'all I have it basically memorized but I have my translator friend who's going to read it to y'all who are listening so that you can hear everywhere this is who your God is he is the first and the last he is the beginning and the end he is the keeper of creation and he is the creator of all he's the architect of the universe and he is the manager of all time he always was always is always will be unmoved unchanged undefeated and never undone he was bruised but brought healing he was pierced but EAS pain he was persecuted but brought Freedom he has risen to bring power and he reigns to bring peace you remind yourself friends that he is light he is love he is longevity and he is the Lord he is goodness he is kindness he is faithfulness and he is God he is holy and righteous and powerful and pure his ways are right his word Eternal his will unchanging and his mind is on you he's our savior Our God our Lord our peace our comfort our joy and he is the ruler of our life he's the wisdom of the wise the power of the powerful the ruler of all rulers the Ancient of Days his goal was a relationship with me he'll never leave you never forsake you never mislead you never forget you never Overlook you and he will never cancel your appointment in his appointment book when you fall he will lift you up when you fail he will forgive you when you are weak he is strong when you are lost he is your way when you are afraid he is your courage when you stumble he will steud you when you're hurt he will heal you when you're broken he will mend you when you're blind he will lead you when you're hungry he will feed you when you face trials he is with you when you face persecution he will shield you when we Face problems he will Comfort us when we Face loss he will provide for us and when we Face death He Will Carry us home to meet him he is everything for everyone every time and in every way that is your god and that is who you belong to that's powerful so friends I who I'm talking about that's who God is that will shape everything about who you are and that will shape everything about what you do in life if that is true to you so I want you to Bow your head with me today and close your eyes and I want you to have a moment to consider that to consider what I'm saying because this weekend's going fast you're going to be on to the next thing in just a couple minutes but I want you to have a moment because when I was 17 years old and I had this moment it changed my entire life and that's why I'm here with y'all today and maybe that's your moment right now so God I just pray for every person right here in this space I thank you that God who you are is becoming so clear to them right now the Revelation they're having right now will literally change them for the rest of the their life God if they realize that you are God that you sent your son to die a death on the cross for them that saves them from Eternal destruction That Forgives them of all their sins and not only that but you sent the Holy Spirit to live with them every single day I thank you for the power that your gospel holds I thank you that that is the only way the only truth and the only life that we have to lean on I thank you God for what you're doing if they ever asked the question that I was asked earlier how do I believe it how do I boldly say it that they will refer back to this moment when it was undeniably true and real in their heart Lord would it never change would it never waver would they be on Mission sent out from this place to change culture to be the light of the world a city on a hill that cannot be hidden when people think of the country Norway would they think about the Revival that happened from these students getting a revelation of who you are because when we think about 2,000 years ago we think about a cross so it's not that crazy to think that our generation even though we're lost and we're Wicked and we're sinful could be known as the church if the church wakes up so God help us to wake up thank you for what you're doing if you're here tonight and that has come true to you that God is God he's the Lord of your life if you were to say you are Jesus you are the Christ the son of the Living God God is the creator of the universe if that's true to you tonight and you want to be found in that I just ask that you would be bold enough to stand up and stand up right now it's awesome come on it's awesome so good people stand in the back people standing here I'll say it one more time I don't want you to miss your moment if that's true to you tonight let's not let fear stop this let's not let insecurity stop this if God is God Jesus Christ is the Lord of your life and you're going to live your life for him that's the identity you find yourself in and the purpose that you have and stand up it's awesome come on come on friends that's awesome can we clap for that that's awesome awesome that's awesome I want you to look around at the person standing beside you surely they're your friend and if not say hello and I want you to hold each other to that y'all are each other's people y'all are the church y'all are your community you're the I'm not going to be here tomorrow y'all will be here tomorrow I won't be here next year to Hype you up if I was I'd hype you up all day long but I won't be y'all are each other's hype Squad y'all y are each other's people who can hold this book and speak truth into your friends life y'all are the people that will pray for each other y'all are the people that will be the light of the world together so be that be that I love you guys I'm thankful that tonight I got to know you guys I'm thankful tonight we got to share the word together and I mean every word that I say hold on to this let that change who you are and I have a feeling that in 10 years we'll look at even the impact made around you and none of it would have happened unless night happen everything happens for a reason God is intentional and he is in all the details and this moment in your life will be a marker of your life and you'll never be the same in the best way love you guys have a great rest at your conference

  Top Comments:
  1. @LittleTalksWithMyles [6 likes]: Culture tells us to build an image. Social media tells us to edit one. And sometimes, even our own past tries to speak the loudest. But I’ve written before about how those voices shift, and if we build our identity on what moves, we’ll always be chasing something just out of reach.

But something changes when we stop trying to make an identity and begin to receive one. When we realize, we were never meant to carry the full weight of defining ourselves. God doesn’t just tell us who we are—He tells us why we are. And when that truth settles in, it doesn’t puff us up or tear us down… it steadies us. Great message.
  2. @itsSash29 [2 likes]: Wow never seen that lion king story is similar to Moses
  3. @sooocreativedesignsdecorwi2842 [2 likes]: Thank you, sister!
  4. @primahvera.16 [2 likes]: It won’t become true 
It’s already true
  5. @beckiborowicz9111 [2 likes]: I thought Church of Christ didn’t allow women in church.
  6. @rrrevered [2 likes]: She spoke who God is from 25:32
Thank you 🌱
  7. @RileyGessele [2 likes]: She was doing so well until she missed that the rock which Jesus built his church was the truth that Peter stated not Peter himself.
  8. @preethisinspiration3181 [2 likes]: Needed this message as I always struggled w my identity  though I been a Christian for a long time.
  9. @Disciple_Miguel [2 likes]: Amen!
  10. @christinajones48 [1 likes]: ❤❤❤
  11. @isabella2003-d3h [1 likes]: Amen
  12. @kaylalove25 [1 likes]: God is amazing ❤
  13. @SebastianSeveriano [1 likes]: Tengo más amigo lo mejor aquí de Estados Unidos y México por qué no sé solamente Dios sabe por qué los jóvenes conoces Yo me gusta respetar y ellos me hablan cada día más cómo está está bien le doy gracias a Dios que conocí a la capilla desde la iglesia que se dicen mormón pues la verdad es una tiene buenas ideas pero también si tú lo pones creencia y puede ser todo lo que nosotros no podemos yo sabía que puedo llegar al bendición de Dios pero
  14. @SebastianSeveriano [1 likes]: Por eso siempre lo pido a gracias a Dios que llegue aquí California este llegaron los prisioneros los de Carlos palacios me recibí y me subí estuvo tenían ahorita tengo varios amigas y amigos jóvenes aquí California fresno y y por eso lo cuido mucho porque yo sé que no vine aquí por papel también yo sé que sí falta respeto por eso pero gracias a Dios que me dio buenas ideas y para hacer cosas bien donde quieras hay chance que puede vivir donde sea cuando
  15. @SebastianSeveriano [1 likes]: Sí por eso también tenían aplicación de tiktok para conocer a alguien cualquier persona puede entregar palabra de Dios que pero por lo mismo con ese caso nadie quiere prender y maltratas y no a veces no entendemos a veces no hacemos una cosa solamente Dios conoce todo lo que es Dios le da nuestros paciencia y tal vez cualquier cosa que pensamos es no podemos ser si yo porque Dios le da la vida cada día más y yo no te da la vida no
  16. @SebastianSeveriano [1 likes]: Fortnite song english spanish gracias muy buenas noches que Dios le bendiga muchísimas gracias por eso Yo me respeto mucho no le importan 15 años el ser humano siempre me gusta a respetar amigos y amigas siempre hacemos una cosa humilde mi playlist es el parto de palabra de Dios donde sea que vayas y tener amigos
  17. @Murangii: this was soooo good!
  18. @liamlynch2115: I hope my daughter grows up to be like her, and my boys like Charlie Kirk. I’m not quite sure how to shape that but I’m sure going to try.
  19. @FAMgospel: Amen. I’m touched.
  20. @matthysdupreez8879: Sadie good day I would love to have your book living original

- Why Rich People Love Yachts (And How Much Do They Cost): Kind: captions Language: en you've heard of someone spending about a hundred million dollars on a yacht and thought it was too frivolous but wait until you hear there's a custom yacht worth more than a billion dollars out there what makes these billionaires willing to spend so much on yachts and super yachts and who owns some of the best ones out there well stick around to find out and we'll take a deep dive into the world of the super wealthy privacy for people who are always in the public eye and can't seem to run fast enough from the paparazzi a personal yacht gives them one thing they crave privacy we're talking about those with an ultra high net worth and in the exclusive top percentage of the richest people in the world of course it's not surprising to see that they are crazy about buying luxury items and paying heavily for luxury experiences that's a major part of their lifestyle that's not changing anytime soon these people are those who own private jets for both leisure and business so instead of flying first class they're like other rich people they jet off to various parts of the world in their personal crafts and are always the sinuser of all lies so it's no surprise that they would pay heavily for a yacht that could give them that privacy they need for family holidays or other special events on average these billionaires spend at least a million dollars each on luxury items and that is keeping it low it's no wonder that their spending on yachts takes up the highest percentage of the luxury market exclusivity and business obviously not everyone can own a yacht but for those who can they are happy to spend a lot of money to show their exclusivity to the rest of the world if you could own the only version of an iphone wouldn't you jump at that offer that's just how we're wired as humans so owning a super yacht is part of a competition between the super rich and they spend billions of dollars to prove that they have what it takes to be a member when one billionaire talks about his custom yacht that's as big as 200 feet there's another billionaire talking to a designer on the phone and asking for a bigger yacht and that's the life of the wealthy however apart from the exclusivity and competition that owning the yacht brings it's not surprising to know that several business deals have been completed on most of these super yachts it offers just the right amount of privacy to discuss mega deals and sign contracts away at the view of curious journalists also these meetings almost always end in success because really who wouldn't want to do business with someone rich enough to own a mega yacht businessmen want to know that they're trusting someone who has the capacity to deliver and these yachts send the message with their impressive outlook to the rich super yachts are perfect for both business and pleasure want to go on a cruise all you have to do is head over to the docks and sail across various cities with their private crew members it's a long week or even a month of hosting guests and relaxing and when it's time for business some of these yachts have private rooms where they can work on laptops and discuss freely without missing a beat so who are these billionaires that are in love with these yachts and how much did they splurge on their babies jeff bezos jeff's love for yachts goes as far back that we can't say for sure when it all started however the story of jess bezos mega yacht the flying fox is the latest on the scene after announcing that he wanted to step down a ceo of his multi-billion dollar company it was clear that he wanted to finally take out more time to relax and probably become more heavily involved in charity well it looks like he took to the relaxation part very seriously as he commissioned his yacht in 2019 rumors around the grapevine suggest that this mega yacht is worth more as much as 400 million dollars of course this doesn't even stir the waters in the ocean of billions belonging to this man when jeff is not using this impressive 416 foot super yacht which comes with two helipads a spa a 40-foot swimming pool a gym and even a nightclub he rented out two of the other super rich friends in fact beyonce and jay-z took a vacation recently aboard the flying fox where they spent nothing less than four million dollars every week talk about splurging larry ellison even the founder of oracle didn't want to be left out over the years larry has had several super yachts to his name including rising sun rodent and katana however he's not done just yet larry has always been in love with competitive yacht racing and even in 2000 he started up a racing team called oracle team usa it's not surprising that this team has several prestigious titles to its name and is gunning for more fame in the world of yacht racing still rising sun which is a huge as 454 feet was custom designed in 2005 with tons of impressive features including a wine cellar cinema and basketball court yes you heard that right how would it feel to play a basketball game on water however larry sold it for about 300 million dollars and now has another yacht which he loves more musashi as you can expect it has even better features than his other yachts in fact it's no secret that musashi was what inspired the late steve jobs to try his hands at custom yachts as well unfortunately the yacht which was commissioned in 2008 never welcomed its owner on board it was completed in 2012 one year after steve passed away still this yacht which was later named venus is worth more than a hundred million dollars but now belongs to steve's wife larry page and sergey brin who doesn't know the founders of the most popular search engine in the world these google co-founders are undoubtedly two of the richest people in the world with more than enough money to splurge on a luxury hobby larry owned census 194 foot yacht that cost him 45 million dollars back in 2011. he bought it from a new zealand businessman and this amazing yacht would leave your mouth opening in delight from the dining areas which are both indoor and outdoor to the jacuzzi that is always inviting after a long day larry is sure living the life aboard this super yacht sergey on the other hand spent 80 million dollars on this 240 foot yacht which is named dragonfly several sources say that this is the fastest super yacht in the world but that's debatable as there are several others on the scene as well both larry and sergey own private jets as well no one is surprised to hear that jim clark one yacht has never been enough for the founder of netscape it's been more than three decades and jim had several yachts too numerous to mention he had put two of them up for sale in 2012 and these went for a combined 113 million dollars one of them athena was so dear to jim clark as it held a lot of memories it quickly became a family boat where he would spend so much time with his wife and little girls on board jim was also the proud owner of the 155 foot hyperon and is quite happy with his racing yacht comanche charles simani while many billionaires bought or had yachts made so they could have a place to escape to once in a while charles wanted a yacht that he could practically live in he was responsible for the creation of microsoft office software while he worked at microsoft however just before leaving the company charles decided that it would be a great idea to own a yacht after a lot of discussions including letting the designer know that he was going to be his home away from home this resulted in a 233-foot yacht called scat this is a danish word for treasure and charles is very proud of this yacht from its gray color and gym to its unique design there's so much to love about scat it even came with motorcycles and a matching grey helicopter richard branson until 2018 this british billionaire and founder of virgin group was the owner of kneckler bell 105 foot yacht this yacht shares the name with richard's private caribbean island necker island which he bought this boat for 9.6 million dollars it finally got sold for 3 million dollars which is significantly lower than its initial price tag now you know why the rich love yachts and that's a wrap who do you think has the best yacht in the world let us know in the comments did you like this video well we're always posting amazing content like this so don't forget to subscribe to our channel so you don't miss out thanks for watching

  Top Comments:
  1. @CatsonMedia [1 likes]: Who do you think has the best yacht in the world?

- Asking Superyacht Owners How To Make $1,000,000: Kind: captions Language: en we are out here in Miami Beach and these Yachts behind me are worth over $20 million I'm really curious what do these people do for a living So today we're going to go knock on some boats and find out excuse me do you own any of these Yachts you look like you would own one of the Yachts I just had a question I love your boat do you have like one second oh do you have like 30 seconds I can ask you a few questions I I can't go into it right oh oh sorry sir you guys Charter parties here no this is oh it's a private boat thank you thank you you're welcome boss what kind of boat is this Vanquish Vanquish I was wondering if you have any advice for young people that want to one day get a boat like thisy want to speak to yeah guy oh is he really all right so that was Carson cook he founded fractal uh which is a defi platform so crypto is one way to buy yacht it's a great boat what kind of work do you want your son to go into or do you recommend for people to to do well and be able to afford this really like blanket or like what kind of textiles tow shs all that stuff how did you get into that a family business has been textiles wow that's so interesting this is the living room kitchen that's Chef another Pepe Pepe too pepos [Music] yacht life is cool we need let's we need to get a yacht I'm a real estate developer who's now really mostly in the hotel business we're the number one company in the world for cutting trees down cutting Systems Incorporated we own a bunch of chain of businesses gyms back in Dallas and we moved down here to build a large franchise it's called Rockstar martial arts we're going to put them all over the United States now wow been very successful opening gym sold on the first company that way so we TR that every day every day it's sometimes three CHS is it is it profitable to own a yacht like let's say like that one or this one if I buy it make at least 30 grand a month profit my father started to work with BS and then it moov to Miami and then he start my own company my own compy I'm Noah by the way what's your name Eduardo yeah is it okay take shoes off what a dream you guys are living this is literally living the dream hey what's up hello hello everyone Miami women really are perfect we're you guys are everyone's perfect here it's amazing here this is like nicer than your place dude this is so cool is this the master can I see the bathro is okay yeah shower dude this nice is the crew quarters what this is oh wow so this is four rooms four rooms yeah so he looking comfortable 10 people 10 people how many people staff does it need for the boat we have four four me my mate and two St what are the other expens oh the the expenses of the yacht what $20,000 $25,000 a month how's the life of a yacht Captain yeah I'm 15 year in the business how did you get get into being Charter Business ah yeah me you know you were cleaning you were like just working on the boats I'm Chang my life good for you no it's dep what do you want in your life what do youall do out here I'm one of the idiots that had Bitcoin at $850 $8.50 sold it at 100 thinking I'm a genius I went back to work on stocks and stuff you know and then I looked and I was like what the did I do show you my boat yeah do you want to dude hell yeah let's do it come on what kind of uh work are you in restoration we're we're a large loss restorator that does fir flood hurricanes tornadoes earthquakes we restore property commercial property how did you get into that kind of work I was in sales and construction and project management Interstate was a company I merged my company with I sold out of that and then I bought another company in 17 and started doing about 50 million a year before we dive into the next insane yacht story I have got to give a huge shout out to our sponsor trends.co for helping make this video happen now if you are just getting started out and you're like I don't know what industry or business to do trends.co will help you solve that they have a whole team of super nerdy analysts that literally spend all day long researching the most profitable business ideas and they send you an email every single week as well if you join trends.co they have a community of other people that can support you plus they bring on CEOs like myself as master classes for their Community go give them some love at trends.co NOA they're doing $1 for 7 we trial that's insane just a buck so you can sign up and give him some love get your own business going at trends.co noade to get started for a 7-Day trial for $1 get a business idea and get your own yacht I was a professional tennis player I ended up teaching tennis in the Hampton and through some Hampton clients I got a job on Wall Street did that for a couple years learned a bunch of then I started my own thing started my own Investment Bank I made it get load of money and now I want to do it again with this uh I started in the commercial leasing business and then I would use commissions to buy buildings so my shopping center business had capital and bought up a whole bunch of hotels so I've been doing hotels mostly ever since my dad died when we were all like 10 11 9 8 and my parents were both teachers and I left my mom in a really tough spot I knew I wanted to make money at an early age and so that was basically what I set out to do and did and then kind of changed the you know kind of trajectory in my family's life so what business advice do you give to your kids I actually love but you got to get away from it a lot of times when you get away from it step back you actually see the picture I'm sitting here thinking Pico rimat and all these people when they're just in there painting and digging like crazy when they walk out of the room and come back into the room and see the picture from a different angle of a different perspectives do they change the picture I mean when I walk away from my work then I come back to it it's like wow so another good say and my dad told me I said give the sorest man the hardest job stand back and watch and find easier way what I'm seeing money is Flowing out of the stock market and flowing into crypto real nice and quiet while they're both sitting there doing this you know like underneath the structure Dam it's flowing out of the stock market going into crypto man this is a good life lesson there's always someone last and there's always coming with more one of my best friends is a billionaire he's the largest home build in the United States and he'll tell you there's 10 guys with more money than he is so if you want to be focused on that amazing yeah I guess I'm in the top 1% or two you know but I think just cuz we're all standing here we all are think about what's happening in the world how lucky we were to be just standing on this dock the key to happiness is being happy with what you have that's that's a fact but money's not the only measure of success you know that's that's important boss how do you stay so fit we saw you yesterday and we were talking about you last night I was like this guy is like good jeans is it good jeans a lot of pizza and good jeans yeah right there's so many people who create gyms that don't work what do you guys do differently we're kids Market we we focus on kids we focus on kids martial a lot of people we meet they say work hard right and I I don't know what is it the people people aren't getting what they want are they actually working hard we don't work hard not anymore we work smart yeah we work smart we manage our time and we focus on what needs to be done and we delegate a lot like the first three years of my first location I worked a lot and then I started putting people in place and that was really hard like you know delegating trusting somebody else and he's always said if somebody can do it 80% of what you can then it's fine how did you two meet my tbx thing instructor oh really hell yeah long long time ago couple years ago we've been together for 203 years I feel like every year actually gets better this is my best friend she's I'm her best friend this is our conversation every day it's normal conversation we grow together how do you think like for for younger people that are just getting started in their careers how do you think about wealth it's all about taking risk a calculated risk some people are more comfortable taking a calculated risk at a younger age and some people more like myself I didn't jump out on my own till I was 40 years old there's 10 things in business that you need to learn right number one is don't run out of money and there's two 3 4 5 6 7 8 n and the number 10 is don't run out of money those are the two things I remember is the rest of them right ah if you like this video you are going to love this video right up here where I knock on millionaire doors and find out what they do for a living if you haven't subscribed to the channel you know what to do Uncle Noah loves you and I'll see see you out there

  Top Comments:
  1. @noahkagan [5 likes]: 👉 If you need help starting your own business I just relaunched my course Monthly1K. It’s $10 for a limited time (normally $600). Sign up at http://okdork.com/monthly1kyt
  2. @danieldabrowski1804 [2 likes]: This is the problem with today's world. Nobody nowadays appreciates a hard solid work over the longer lifespan. All want an instant gratification. Asking people what they did to afford such a boat is pointless, you should be aaking him why did he decide to go such and such path, what made him to pursue despite hardships, what was the breaking point in his career and when - these queations lead towards a better understanding of people's motovations and detmination because every business is difficult. Now we have a bunch of show-offs to make stupid films about nothing Just for a clout whereby you learn nothing and for a few seconds get the picture that textiles is the way to go, while at the same time comparing your shallow exostence to those 'super rich' and exposing their lifestyle illegally entering the marina
  3. @2020Bookworm [2 likes]: Don't you ever interview any women millonaires?
  4. @5000RR [1 likes]: 3:28 Tony Montana
  5. @Antr511 [1 likes]: Wow, hot girls on that yacht!
  6. @brassmarsh: TLDR: Get into property or banking until the word folds in on itself
  7. @lifeofameji: The power of "Just Ask".
  8. @marlo8456: Eduardo (the boat broker) wasn't playing lol
  9. @justinkashmir6857: I'm praying for everyone in this comment section that says they're just waiting to catch their big break or are struggling to see through this current recession. Lord Almighty, please speak your divine plans over our lives. Show us the riches that lay aside for each and everyone of your special children just waiting for them to claim it. Help that we flourish through these unsettling times. And above all Father, that we too may someday own our very own yachts. Amen
  10. @zhuwawaguz: I'm just watching this in 2024 and it's so inspiring.  Love your channel!
  11. @gumballpubg9137: So everyone have something that "Most ....-est"
  12. @boringmanager9559: Played tennis, got on the wall street... So anyone can do it?
  13. @YuranMartins: Don’t run out of money
  14. @dice268926: Damm I just realized I WASN'T subscribed to Noah yet🤦🏾‍♂️
  15. @leeleeson5947: Turned into a predator around the women. Bye
  16. @RealDigitalDreamer: Thank you for the inspiration, Noah!
  17. @almichaelshefer2232: When someone asked me, how did I get rich, I answer, by not engaging in silliness, answering stupid questions, and not engaging with low-level-minded individuals.
  18. @Trotsky22: 😂
  19. @SheaRecordmetal: The guy talking about changing the trajectory of his family is what love hearing. So awesome.
  20. @NamelesshunterGaming: I'm on these kinds of yachts (and bigger) regularly , unfortunately it's for building the interior. (and nope I do not recommend my job if you want to own one)

- Why Billionaires Actually Buy Yachts | Not What you Think: Kind: captions Language: en This boat costs $500 million and it loses roughly $40 million a year just sitting in the water. Fuel for stabilizers, salaries from crew of 30, insurance premiums, docking fees, and premium arenas, routine dry dock inspections, and a relentless upkeep of custom materials exposed assault, sun, and humidity. The math is brutal. The depreciation curve is steep. By traditional financial logic, it makes absolutely no sense. So why do billionaires keep buying them? Why does a demographic that prides itself on ruthless efficiency, datadriven decision-making, and capital allocation consistently pour 9 figures into assets that bleed value from day one? The public answer is simple. Flex culture, vanity, a trophy to park next to the private jet. But you actually study how ultra-igh net worth individuals operate. You quickly realize that narrative collapses under scrutiny. People who build empires do not buy multiund million liabilities just to take photos. They buy them because wealth at a certain threshold stops functioning the way the rest of us understand it. When you cross into nine figure territory, money is no longer a tool for acquisition. It becomes a tool for environmental design. It stops being about adding things to your life and starts being about subtracting everything that drains your time, your focus, and your autonomy. A yacht is not a boat. It is a mobile sovereign zone. It is a controlled ecosystem engineered for privacy, proximity, predictability, and mental clarity. By the end of this breakdown, you will see exactly why the ultra wealthy treat these vessels not as luxury purchases, but as strategic infrastructure. We will walk through the four real drivers behind me acquisition and why each one compounds into something far more valuable than the hull itself. Chapter two, privacy and control. Let us start with the most immediate reality. Modern billionaires live in a surveillance ecosystem that most people cannot even comprehend. Every movement is tracked. Airports log passenger manifests. Ground transportation leaves digital footprints. Hotel bookings are scraped, resold, and weaponized by paparazzi, competitors, or malicious actors. Even walking down a street in a major financial capital means being photographed, geotagged, and dissected in real time. At scale, visibility is not a perk. It is a liability. A mega yacht solves that problem by creating a legally and physically controlled perimeter. Once a vessel crosses into international waters, jurisdictional boundaries shift. Maritime law creates a buffer zone that keeps unwanted attention, unauthorized vessels, and aerial surveillance at a legal and operational distance. But the physical barrier is only half the equation. Modern yachts are engineered as floating secure facilities. Access is governed by biometric verification, encrypted satellite communication systems, and staff will undergo background checks that rival intelligence agency vetting protocols. The guest list is curated down to the individual. No random encounters, no unscheduled meetings, no leaks to the press unless you authorize them. This level of control does not exist on land. Even the most fortified private estates are anchored to a single geographic point surrounded by local infrastructure. Service workers and public airspace that cannot be fully contained. A yacht moves. It repositions. It vanishes from one coordinate and reappears in another. For individuals whose decisions move markets, influence policy or manage generational capital. That kind of operational silence is not indulgence. It is risk mitigation. When you remove unpredictability, you remove stress. When you remove stress, you preserve cognitive bandwidth. And cognitive bandwidth at the highest levels of wealth is the only asset that cannot be purchased. It must be protected. That protection is the first real reason billionaires buy yachts. Not for luxury, for friction removal. Chapter three, access and proximity. But privacy is just the entry fee. The second driver is where the real value multiplies. Proximity. History has always shown that elite networking does not happen in formal boardrooms. It happens in shared isolation. trains in the 19th century, private clubs in the 20th, and now floating platforms in the Mediterranean and Caribbean. The reason is psychological when you remove external noise, shorten the timeline, and place decision makers in a comfortable, self-contained environment. Trust accelerates at an unnatural rate. A traditional business deal requires weeks of due diligence, legal review, scheduling conflicts, and performative negotiation. On a yacht, those friction points dissolve. You are not pitching across a polished table. You are sharing meals, walking decks, observing behavior in unstructured settings. You see how someone handles a delayed itinerary, how they treat staff, how they react when the wifi drops. Those micro signals reveal character faster than any term sheet. And character is what closes generational deals. The charter economy around these vessels operates like a closed loop. Brokers, family office principles, sovereign wealth representatives, venture founders, and cultural influencers are carefully matched through discretion networks. A 5-day itinerary in the Adriatic or the Bahamas is not booked as a vacation. It is booked as a proximity engine. Deals stall in cities for months finalize in 72 hours on water. There's also an unspoken social contract once you step on board. Hierarchy softens. Titles matter less. The environment neutralizes the usual power dynamics of a boardroom or conference stage. You are not their perform. You are there to coexist. That shift unlocks a different kind of influence. Soft power, relationship capital, the kind that opens doors no cold email or broker introduction ever will. Access is not just about who you know. It is about the environment that allows genuine alignment to surface. A yacht manufactures that environment on demand. Chapter 4. The hidden economics. Now, let us address the math. Because if privacy and access were the only drivers, this would still be an unsustainable expense. The truth is the ultra wealthy do not ignore the numbers. They just evaluate them through a completely different framework. A mega yacht is not an investment. It is an operational cost center and family offices modeled exactly that way. Annual operating expenses typically run between 8 and 12% of the vessel initial value. That covers crew salaries which often exceed $2 million annually for a full complement, routine maintenance, classification society inspections, insurance premiums, fuel provisioning and management fees. Depreciation is real. Resale liquidity is thin. Yet these purchases continue because the financial architecture around them is deliberately structured for predictability and liability isolation. Most vessels are flagged in jurisdictions like the Marshall Islands, Cayman Islands, or Malta. They are owned through layered holding companies, often managed by professional yacht management firms that handle compliance, crew employment, and safety certifications. Chartering is sometimes used not as a revenue play, but as a structural tool. A family may charter the vessel back to their own management entity, creating a paper trail that aligns with maritime regulations, optimizes value added tax exposure on fuel and port services, and separates personal use from corporate holding structures. This is not tax evasion. It is legal cost architecture. The goal is never profit. The goal is to convert a volatile, emotionally driven expense into a controlled, predictable line item. In family office modeling, unpredictability is the enemy. Market corrections are expected. Regulatory shifts are anticipated, but personal exposure, reputational risk, and uncontrolled overhead are unacceptable. A yacht structured properly transforms those variables into fixed costs. It becomes a known quantity. And when you operate at scale, a known cost is infinitely preferable to an unknown liability. The math does not justify the purchase on a spreadsheet. It justifies on a balance sheet of risk control and operational stability. Chapter 5, sovereignty and focus. Which brings us to the final and most overlooked driver. Sovereignty, not political, personal at a certain level of success. Wealth stops being about accumulation and starts being about curation. You've already acquired the assets, the experiences, the access. The next question becomes far more fundamental. How do you protect your capacity to think clearly? How do you design an environment where deep strategy, long-term planning, and genuine mental reset can actually occur? Modern life, even for the ultra wealthy, is relentlessly fragmented. Notifications, obligations, travel logistics, public expectations, and the sheer weight of responsibility fracture attention into unusable pieces. A yacht removes a noise. It imposes natural boundaries, no commute, no office politics, no overlapping calendars, just open water, structured routines, and deliberate isolation. It is the ultimate paradox. The most connected people on Earth consistently purchase the most disconnected spaces, not to hide from the world, to step outside of it long enough to see it clearly. Biohacking trends, digital detox retreats, and silent meditation camps all point to the same underlying demand. Focus is the scarcest resource at scale, and focus requires frictionless conditions. When you control your environment, you control your cognition. When you control your cognition, you make better decisions. Better decisions compound into preserved wealth, sustained influence, and long-term legacy. That is the real premium, not the gold fixtures, the helellipads, or the custom interiors. The premium is uninterrupted thought. It is the ability to sit on a deck at dawn with zero external demands and map out the next decade without a single interruption. That mental clarity is worth more than the vessel itself. Outro. So, no. Billionaires do not buy yachts. They buy them because money at scale does not buy more things. It buys fewer interruptions. It buys controlled environments. It buys proximity that accelerates trust. Financial structures that neutralize risk and the rarest commodity of all, unbroken focus. What would you actually do with 48 hours of zero noise, zero schedule, and zero external expectations? Drop your answer in the comments below. And if you want the next deep dive into how family offices actually model wealth preservation, structure legacy assets, and protect generational capital, hit subscribe. I will see you in the next breakdown.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ryannoel1577 [1 likes]: is this entire video ai

- HOW TO BE A YACHT CAPTAIN! How Much Time and Money Will It Take to Go from Deckhand to Captain?: Kind: captions Language: en from deckhand to captain on a large superyacht how long will it take and how much will it cost let's find out work on a super yacht move up through the ranks and maximize your potential hello and welcome back to work on the superyacht and here we go with the complete process what i'm going to do is put the total cost in euros down in the bottom left of your screen and the total time in months and days down in the bottom right in the center of the screen i'm going to be listing the individual courses and exams that you need to take along with their cost and their time to do them all of the prices are correct as of today and i've got them through a company called blue water they've got training offices in antibes palmer and fort lauderdale to be clear they are not in any way affiliated with this video they are not sponsoring this video but i have used them for a number of courses i am very happy with the service that they provide and i am very happy to recommend them to you before we start have a guess what you think this number in the corner is going to get to then when you get to the end of the video let me know in the comments how your guess compared with the actual total to get your superyacht career off the ground you're going to need to start with the five basic sdcw courses which is going to cover fire prevention and firefighting personal survival techniques elementary first aid personal safety social responsibility and also proficiency in security duties cost to you 1 295 euros time taken five days next up you're going to need an eng1 or equivalent seafarers medical these are not offered by blue water but expect to pay around about 120 euros time taken about one hour i've also included the rya powerboat level 2 495 euros time taken two days after six months on board and after you've filled out the first section of your training record book you're going to be able to apply for a yacht rating certificate no exam required here you just need to provide the required documentation cost to you 85 euros now you don't have to get this but by getting it it allows you to take the next course straight away the efficient deckhand course edh and this one's really important to do early on because it is the only course that you're required to have done at least 18 months before applying for your officer of the watch 3000 certificate of competency 1050 euros time taken five days next up is the rya yacht master offshore theory and practical the theory you can do anytime but there are some prerequisites in terms of experience for the practical so let's say it takes you another six months to gain this experience before you're ready to go for your yacht master cost to you 2 504 euros which includes the vhf license professional practices course and commercial endorsement time taken 14 days and to be clear this is for the motor yacht master which is more expensive than the sale yacht master because as part of the practical course you've got to pay for the fuel in the motor yacht now at this point you could already become a superior captain up to vessels of 200 gross tons in volume but if this is as far as you want to go may i suggest that you at least go ahead and do the next ticket or qualification because it will just help you to be a much better master all round you're going to need to do two more courses that's the gm dss global maritime distress and safety system it's a radio course you've got the roc and the goc the restricted operators certificate and the general operator certificate i suggest you skip the roc go straight to the goc because this gives you unlimited range cost to you 1 924 euros time taken 10 days the other course is helm operational there are two helm courses one is one is management you can't skip the and go straight to management so operational first cost to you 799 euros time taken three days in addition to doing these courses you're gonna need to hold your yacht master for at least six months to take the mca master 200 exam now this exam is not mandatory but i've done it and i highly recommend it both if you only want to skip vessels up to 200 tons because in this instance it sharpens your skills and your knowledge but also if you want to carry on up the ranks it's a great stepping stone and it gets you into the mca framework and way of thinking cost to you 245 euros having passed that exam you're going to be in a great place to carry on working your way up the ranks but before we can move to the next qualification oow 3000 there's a few more courses we first up egg dis electronic chart display and information system 1400 euros time taken five days pscrb proficiency in safety craft and rescue boats other than fast rescue boats 799 euros time taken three days gsk general ship knowledge 1335 euros time taken five days and then the biggie navigation and radar cost to you three thousand four hundred and ten euros time taken 15 days now it's just a case of continuing to build your sign on time and see time as you build up to the required amount for the oow 3000 exam it's now going to be about time that you renew your eng-1 they're only valid for two years so that's going to be another 120 euros once you've finally reached that 36 months of sign on time along with the associated sea going service you're going to be ready to apply for and set your officer of the watch 3000 now in preparation for this you can do a preparation week it's not mandatory but it's advisable so let's budget for it 1149 euros time taken five days then you're gonna be ready to actually take the exam 245 euros congratulations you can now step up to the rank of second officer on a large super yacht and proudly wear those two stripes on your epaulettes but we're not finished here comes some more courses for you the iyt master of yachts unlimited now you could just as easily do the rya yacht master ocean but i find that the iyt is a bit more straightforward to get iyt it stands for international yacht training they are a training body just like the the royal yachting association and blue water don't offer this course but i found somewhere in the uk that does it's 1 500 pounds so let's call that 1650 euros plus five days of your time advanced firefighting 1550 euros time taken four days medical first aid cost to you 845 euros time taken four days helm management cost to you 1099 euros time taken five days with these additional four courses you're not going to be able to upgrade your certificate of competency from officer of the watch to chief mate that gets you three stripes on your epaulettes there's no additional exam to take all you need to do is send your four certificates to the mca they will verify them and they will endorse your officer of the watch coc cost to you 110 euros now it's time for the master's courses and at this point you're going to be really glad that you're earning a chief officer salary let's start with medical care 999 euros time taken five days seamanship and meteorology 1335 euros time taken five days stability 1335 euros time taken five days business and law again one thousand three hundred and thirty five euros and five days navigation radar and arpa arpa stands for automatic radar plotting eight cost to you three thousand and fifteen time taken ten days celestial navigation and you guessed it one thousand three hundred and thirty five euros and five days in addition to these courses you'll also need to have held that officer of the watch 3000 ticket for at least 12 months and built up the required amount of bridge watch keeping time once this is done you can go for that mca master 500 qualification that's master on yachts up to 500 gross times in volume but before we get there we must go back and redo that eng one once more now it isn't mandatory to take this exam on the way to our final goal of master 3000 but it is advisable because some of the courses that i just mentioned do expire and if you don't take either the 500 or the 3000 in time you'll have to do them all over again so let's budget for doing this exam let's budget for another prep week 1149 time five days and then to actually sit the exam that's another 245 euros congratulations you can now proudly wear four stripes at least on yachts up to 500 gross tons in volume you'll be pleased to hear that there are no more courses to do before going for that final qualification of master 3000 it's just a case of continuing to hold that officer of the watch ticket you must have held it for 24 months and of course continue accruing the required amount of bridge watch keeping hours once those additional 12 months have passed you'll be ready to go for your exam now you may or may not want to but let's budget again for a final prep week that's another 1149 euros and five days of your time to sit the exam itself that's another 245 euros and then you'll finally be able to apply for your master 3000 certificate of competency and wear those four stripes on yachts all the way up to 3 000 gross tons in the volume and according to my calculations that's a total cost of 34 532 euros total time 5 years and time spent doing courses 135 days i think you can see then that this is a big undertaking it's a professional industry and people work really hard and spend a lot of time and money to work their way up the ranks gone are the days when you could get these qualifications relatively easily there didn't used to be half so many courses that you needed to do or requirements that needed to be fulfilled but i think this is a good thing because it's actually raised the standard of the yachting industry and it now receives a lot more respect from the rest of the merchant navy more importantly for us as yacht crew it's resulted in a better regulated and safer working environment in terms of cost for all of these courses shop around and you may be able to get some a little bit cheaper but trust me when it actually comes to it what's really going to matter is availability and your ability to actually get the time off to go and do these courses in terms of time taken it's actually going to take a lot longer than this because i've simply back to back everything as if it were done perfectly with not a single day missed in reality that's probably not going to happen maybe it takes a little bit longer to accrue your sea time or maybe you need to take a little time off here or there so let's say if you could get all of this done in six maybe seven years you'd be doing pretty well if you want to serve as officer or master on yachts above 3 000 gross tons like this or this then you're going to need to undertake a whole different training program which we don't have time to go into here but i've done a video speaking about this and i'll link it right here for all the prices i've mentioned please check out the link to blue water in the description below and for all of the other requirements about sea time and additional courses that you need please check out merchant shipping notice 1858 i'll put a link down in the description below and as you can probably tell i'm pretty well up on this document i've read it back to front inside out every which way it really interests me i've spent a lot of time working out what i need to do when i need to do it so if there's anything you're unsure of please just drop me a line down in the comment section below and i'll do my best to help you out finally if you want to see what life is like for a super yacht captain who has already done this training please do check out the superyacht captain's channel he recently shared one of my videos with his community which i'm very grateful if you've come over from there a very warm welcome to you it's great to have you with us and with respect to this video if you found some value in it a like would be fantastic a sub would be amazing and i very much look forward to seeing you next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @WorkonaSuperyacht [17 likes]: How did the final total compare to your guess?
  2. @chevimeza [1 likes]: Great video, thank you, sir! Do you recommend doing the Yachtmaster Ocean? Also, what’s your opinion on a 2-year institute course in Spain called 'Patrón de Altura,' which supposedly allows you to be an officer on vessels up to 3000GT? Is that a realistic path?
  3. @kyanovanstrijdonck1637: I am a captain in inland shipping in Belgium and I would like to switch to sea shipping. I have experience sailing ships that are 110 meters long. If I switch to sea shipping, do I have to continue studying for 60 months?
  4. @stefantrujillo4664: Does this take any consideration to school qualifications? Or can you just take these courses?
  5. @AwaisAzam-rz9fp: In Pakistan, 
Examination fees for class IV & III, Class II and Class I is approx €50 for each. Other expenses are only living/accommodation.
  6. @AwaisAzam-rz9fp: In Pakistan, 
ECDIS 5 days, €80 max 
Radar (ARPA) 10 days €80 max 
PSCRB 5 days €55 max 
EDH 5 days + viva €22 max 
Anything else?
  7. @AwaisAzam-rz9fp: In Pakistan, 
ECDIS 5 days, €80 max 
Radar (ARPA) 10 days €80 max 
PSCRB 5 days €55 max 
EDH 5 days + viva €22 max 
Anything else?
  8. @AwaisAzam-rz9fp: GOC in my country is for 3 weeks and costs only €150 hardly.
  9. @karlojukic7556: And than who is more worth? Me with 3 years of nautical engineering and all those exams on university or you with 5 day courses?
  10. @SailorGerry: Is Bluewater authorized to issue MCA certifications, if the requisit courses are taken and passed and the sea time is in order?  Are MCA offices only in the UK?
  11. @milesjones2738: Hi Matt, thanks so much for that. That was very informative. I used to be in the merchant marine and have a very much expired unlimited license. I’m looking to get back into it, but I’m concerned about my age. I’m 54 years old, ouch. I’m possibly just looking to get a 200 ton master. In your opinion, knowing what you know within the industry, would it be worth me even trying? Thanks for your time in advance.
  12. @TanishaRamzn: Master iyt  Ramzan Ali
  13. @Mattkennedy83: Does this apply toward mariners generally? I mean, will people on work boats or container ships have their credentials obtained in the same way or just super yachts. I’m very familiar with the courses under different names, I hold a 200tn UDCG MMC but I do commercial work, not super yachts — although I used to when I was younger but gave that up.
  14. @Estearbona-f3q: Thank you very mutch
  15. @wesleyferguson6932: After paying millions for my yacht it's really crazy to pay to drive it. Dang the government.
  16. @JacobTaff-r5o: Can I climb the ranks to become a skipper even as a second or third engineer? Or do I need to start over as a  deck hand?
  17. @MohamedLamouki: Man My father, Hassan Lammouki, is a 56-year-old Moroccan who has devoted 34 years of his life to the sea as a ship captain and premier officier. He started his career at 22 and has worked across various types of ship technologies and operating systems, including dredging ships and fishing vessels for sardines, shrimp, and white meat fish. His expertise spans a wide range of vessel types and maritime systems, showcasing his adaptability and knowledge in this field.

He has worked with two Spanish companies and eight Moroccan ones, including a notable shrimp fishing company owned by Aziz Akhannouch. My father has also worked in Spain on more than three occasions, spending 4-6 months there each time, gaining international experience and refining his skills.

He holds a "Livret de Pilotage de Navire", a detailed record that includes all the companies he’s worked with and the duration of his contracts. It reflects his extensive career and professionalism.

Now, he’s looking for new international opportunities in Europe, the USA, England, or Australia. Roles like yacht piloting, mini-boat driving, or other maritime positions would be ideal for him. I’m incredibly proud of his dedication, and I just want to help him continue doing what he loves on a global level. If anyone knows of opportunities or has advice, please reach out. Your help would mean so much to us and man a legend like him with all that experience and cruising in the Atlantic ocean and Mediterranean and he talk Spanish and french and also English
  18. @wavepirates: I have to disagree. In the lower, like upto 200gt. The cost depend a lot were you do it, like a STCW basic cost 600€, you can even get it from the Spanish government for free. GOC Radio 1200€, not 1900€. What really bothers me is that you need to go through the same filter as everybody, so if you are naturally a seaman, it's a loos of time. You also have to mention, my opinion, after YM or Ocean you can get commercialy endorsed, so you can actually work, so investing again in yourself when you are off the boat is a bit less painfull. Back in time all those radar, sling course whatever you had to.learn them onboard, a captain sifned and you are good, while you eere earning days at sea, money plus the "free course", my opnion only, was better. ENG in Spain is free to obatin for actual "people of the sea" like they say here. You video is goodnto get a sneak preview, i think i can call it. I recomend UKSA for training. 
Have a nice day 
Capt Mike, Master 3000.
  19. @johnvencentadier5265: Can A filipino become a captain on a yacht?does yacht owner has prefered nationalities to command their yacht?
  20. @keinaanabdi6821: What do you think about going to a maritime college? 4 years and you will be out with a 3rd mate USCG license of unlimited tonnage? 
If get my license in that I know I can work in cargo ships but my question is am I eligible to work in supper yachts?

- The Cost of Owning a Yacht: Ultra Rich Only: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] welcome back to the lux lifestyle channel where we give future millionaires and bns inspiration to go after their dreams so they can live life on their terms do you want to know the cost of owning a yacht in this video we take a look at some of the key factors that will affect your bottom line from mooring and dockage fees to insurance and crew salaries we break it all down for you so if you're thinking about buying a yacht be sure to watch this video now but before we get started do us a favor hit the subscribe button notification bell and give us a thumbs up so you never miss a video to keep all you future millionaires and billionaires inspired okay let's get on with it so you're thinking about buying one of those ultra luxurious yachts that the likes of jeff bezos roman abramovic prince al waleed bin talal and company have well these mansions on water are going to make your wallet so much lighter that you better be making billions to keep these babies afloat and in excellent working order here are some costs you need to make sure you have on lockdown before considering buying one of these beauties number one fuel costs yacht fuel costs can vary depending on a few factors the main factor is the distance of the journey the further the distance the more fuel will be required other factors that can affect fuel costs include cruising speed and fuel consumption to get an accurate estimate of yacht fuel costs it is important to understand all of these factors distance cruising speed and fuel consumption will all affect the amount of fuel required for a journey yet fuel prices can also vary depending on the market and the specific type of fuel being used by taking all of these factors into account you can get a more accurate estimate of yacht fuel costs for your next voyage for example prince al-walid's yacht the kingdom 5 kr has an annual run cost of 5 to 10 million dollars meaning that's the very least he's going to spend to keep that yacht running in great working condition crew insurances gas and docked lucky prince to keep things simple it will cost prince al-waleed around 400 000 a year to fuel his lovely yacht the kingdom 5kr how much fun is that forking out 400 000 for fuel that simply burns up and makes the yacht move awesome number two crew costs crew costs for a yacht can range from thirty thousand to fifty thousand per year however good chefs usually cost at least 70 000 a year the crew cost will depend on the size of your yacht keep in mind that the crew cross will vary considerably depending on the size of your yacht when choosing a crew for your yacht it is important to choose experienced and reliable professionals the average yacht captain's salary is two million five hundred eighty two thousand seven dollars salaries for yacht captains can range from a low of two million two hundred and thirty three thousand two hundred and sixty six dollars to a high of two million nine hundred sixty seven thousand four hundred and forty seven dollars individual salaries will vary depending on the job department location as well as the individual skills and education of each employee your captains with the right skills and experience can earn high salaries however it is important to remember that your captain's salaries vary depending on a number of factors therefore it is important to research the average salary for yacht captains in your area before hiring and negotiating your captain's salary number three insurance as a rule of thumb you can expect to pay around 1.5 percent of your boat's value in annual insurance rates however this figure can fluctuate depending on the value of your coverage and your chosen insurance company when shopping for boat insurance be sure to compare quotes from a few different providers to get the best rate here are some guidelines for your yacht if your yacht size is between 27 feet and 50 feet and the general yacht value is between 200 000 and 1 million dollars then your average yearly insurance cost will be between 3 000 and thousand dollars if your yacht size is between 51 feet and 89 feet and the general yacht value is one million to 10 million dollars then your average yearly insurance cost will be between 15 000 and a hundred and fifty thousand dollars if your yacht size is ninety feet and longer and has a general yacht value of ten million dollars up will be a hundred fifty thousand dollars plus the art insurance can be difficult to price without getting a quote from an agent this is because the cost of yacht insurance depends on the person the driving or claims incident record history of sailing and the year make and model of their yacht to get an accurate estimate of your yacht insurance costs it's best to speak with an agent number four mooring fees and dockage fees let's use the mediterranean for an example mooring fees in the mediterranean can vary greatly depending on the location and time of year the peak season is usually the most expensive running from june to early september in addition to seasonality boat length is also a major factor in mooring fees discounts are often available for those who rent mooring spots for an entire season or year the busiest time in the mediterranean is typically between june and the end of september the summer season however mooring fees in southern europe can be expensive due to the popularity of the region searching online using keywords such as mooring fees mediterranean can help you find more affordable options the mooring fees in the mediterranean can vary widely depending on your location italy for example fees can range from 285 pounds to 1350 pounds per meter per year or 95 pounds to 450 pounds per foot in croatia mooring fees are substantially higher with rates ranging from 435 pounds to 1050 pounds per meter per year or 145 pounds to 350 pounds per foot for a high season contract greece's annual mooring fees are relatively lower falling between 225 pounds and 525 pounds per meter per year or between 75 pounds and 175 pounds per foot but monaco is one of the most expensive destinations for mooring fees with a typical rate of 1500 per meter per year so when choosing a location in the mediterranean be sure to factor in the cost of mooring fees into your overall budget as someone who enjoys spending time on the water you're probably aware that mooring fees can vary significantly from one location to another in the mediterranean mooring fees can range from 12 euros to 50 euros per foot of boat length per year popular locations such as los angeles and florida have higher mooring fees starting at around 120 euros per foot and reaching up to 240 euros per foot for transient mooring the docking fees are not based on the boat's length and are typically 30 euros so when planning your next sailing adventure be sure to factor in mooring fees to help your budget for your trip number five yacht maintenance schedule everything on your yacht that needs to be monitored and taken care of constantly hull and bottom clean and polish regularly to prevent build up of marine growth inspect for cracks blisters and other damage repair as necessary deck and superstructure clean and polish regularly to maintain the bright work and prevent staining check for any signs of structural damage repair as necessary rig and sails inspect regularly for wear and tear repair or replace as necessary engine and machinery consult manufacturers manuals for service intervals perform routine maintenance such as changing oil and filters as needed electrical and electronic systems check for any signs of corrosion or damage clean and protect all connections interior clean and polish all surfaces regularly check for any signs of damage or wear and tear repair or replace as necessary exterior wash and wax the hull and deck regularly polish brightwork in stainless steel fixtures check for any signs of structural damage general perform a thorough inspection of the yacht on a regular basis looking for any signs of damage or wear and tear and repair and replace as necessary it is important to keep the exterior of your yard clean and free of streaks dust and bird droppings you can remove canvas covers and wipe down upholstery to keep it clean metal should be cleaned and polished and woodwork scrubbed a thorough exterior cleaning will cost on average two to three dollars per foot yacht detail companies can also clean the interior which may involve dusting cleaning countertops toilets sinks and more by keeping your yacht clean you will ensure that it looks its best and retain its value having the barnacles cleaned off the bottom part of the boat on a regular basis is important a smart clean hull is crucial to long-term care and efficient performance of the yacht typically this involves a diver cleaning the hull from the water line and below to ensure all barnacles and all forms of algae and marine life are cleaned from the bottom the diver should also ensure all running gear below the water line is clean and free of debris this will help to reduce drag on the yacht and make it more efficient depending on the location of the boat the frequency of the cleanings will vary once a month is a good rule of thumb but in hotter warmer water months you may want to have this done more frequently similarly in cooler weather months you could go a bit longer than a month ultimately it is important to have a clean bottom on your yacht to ensure peak performance and longevity well there you have it lux lifestyle family the cost of owning one of these beauties on the seas is not so sexy now is it tell us your comments below if you'd like to buy one of these after you've made your billions still we'd love to hear and see your comments when it comes to owning and operating these massive mansions floating on water it's definitely going to set you back a big chunk out of your bank account every day month and year that's why it's recommended when you buy a yacht you're super filthy rich like prince alwaleed bin talal if you have stupid money to burn every month on fuel alone and a crew then by all means go ahead and set yourself up with one when you're a billionaire there's not much you're too concerned about when it comes to money and what it can buy you if you like this video check out one of the others on screen and we'll catch you in the next one until next time lux lifestyle family ciao

  Top Comments:
  1. @angieapaza5012 [1 likes]: great video, they really are very good at doing this, they are the best, thanks
  2. @luxlifestyle520: Enter our free Cash Giveaway by July 8th, 2022 to win $100. 3 Lucky individuals with get $100.
Go here ==> https://www.youtube.com/channel/UClSFbZKbzGd7rf9Gj2GMZqA/community.
Take the Survey, click and watch the video, like, comment and you're eligible to win. That's it! Good Luck!
  3. @kritikitti3868: Please, I have staff to maintain my ship.😑
  4. @kritikitti3868: Yacht, I meant, was too busy stacking $100 bills in my bank vault. 😎
  5. @kritikitti3868: Has been said, 'A boat is a hole in the water you throw money in'.  So, a yatch is The Grand Canyon of holes you shovel billions in.
  6. @davidemprende9902: Thanks for the video it was really Interesing and helpfull hope to watch more in the future
  7. @albertomartinez8513: Thank you for the information provided, your channel has helped me a lot to learn many things and be more attentive and also to clear up doubts
  8. @joseducatti3942: thank you for your comment and video, I share your point of view and I think it is a very interesting topic that is not often discussed.
  9. @terrorg9860: woooow this huge and humongus yacht are so beautiful, i get in love
  10. @sangerharpreet4994: video is excellent, I liked it a lot, easy to understand, I recommend it.
  11. @BERTIaura: congratulations for your video, it has helped me a lot to learn about the subject, thanks for taking the time to share it with all of us, I will subscribe to your channel for your good content!!!
  12. @taythanhdung: I'm searching about the cost owning a yacht. The reviews in this video are very detailed and helpful, helping me gain more knowledge about this! Thanks for sharing!
  13. @alexanderfuentes6801: Excellent video, very informative, it explains in a precise, clear and summarized way about the aspects that must be taken into account when owning a luxury yacht, mainly about maintenance costs.
  14. @youssefbijji1229: The larger the yacht’s size, the more crew members are needed. For example, a 40-meter yacht requires a crew that earns about $32,500 a month, while mooring for a month in a port comes at a cost ranging from $3,100 to $3,575 ( Depending on the region), the captain receives a special salary ranging from $7,750 to $19,960 per month.
  15. @iamarminhasic5444: Having a yacht is a big sign of ultra richness, everything is possible when you believe in yourself! Great video, having a yacht gives you such a good feeling of freedom and calmness.
  16. @amajors5692: Crazy how much these yachts can cost. Would love to spend even a day on one and see what it's like!!
  17. @fabridelvalle8996: Hello, This is an excellent video, it has all the necessary information, I also love how you express it, you have a very nice way of reaching people! You make me feel very good! you are good at this! but above all you have taught me a lot!
  18. @TheBahai83: Excellent content and very amazing informations about luxurious yacht, Really detailed and explained about The Most Expensive Man-Made Islands in the World, Thanks for explaining this method. i highly recommand your channel
  19. @dylanferguson1468: Good video. I like the information and review of luxuries  that they share with us on this channel
  20. @davidx8850: Rich people are the ones who buy high-end yachts because maintenance is of course expensive. Thank you for sharing this content

- 😍 Inside Kenshō: World Exclusive €125 Million Superyacht Tour: Kind: captions Language: en In the world of mega yachts, creating something genuinely different and new that's never been done before is an enormous challenge. But the yacht we're on today is truly special. This is the 75 m Admiral Kensho. And she's less superyacht, more floating revolution from her metallic hue to that unmistakable profile and the sheer devotion to blurring the interior with the outside world. Herona tooured some of the world's greatest yachts before sketching his dream on paper and creating something genuinely unprecedented. Today, I'm going to give you a full tour of one of the most highly awarded, most unconventional superyachts ever launched. Let's get going. I'm Jack Haynes. You're watching Yacht Buyer. Where do we start? Maybe her name. In Japanese, Kensho means seeing one's true nature. A clever hint at the yacht's ability to connect guests to the outside world, even from the depths of the interior. And at 1,989 gross tons, there is plenty of interior to enjoy. Incidentally, the spectacular hull color is based on a 1960s Ford Mustang, now dubbed Kensho Metallic. She's a whisker under 75 m long with a beam of 12.8 m and a draft with her azimuth pod drives of 3.4 m. More on those later. Her accommodation comprises eight stateaterooms split across the main and lower decks, including a spectacular four room owner suite, and there's space to house 21 crew to look after up to 16 guests. Kensho is currently on the market with Christy Yachts for just under €125 million. And if you want more information, follow the link in the video description. Right, let's wait no longer. Time to step on board. If you want to see more content like this on extraordinary yachts like Ken show, subscribe now, hit the bell icon and you'll never miss one of our uploads. And stick around because this is one of the most amazing tours that we've ever done. I can assure you. And when we started this tour, I did a tour with the broker first. They took me straight up here starting the sund deck and it really delivers that wow moment. It sets the tone for the design that we see throughout Kensho. Just look a at the deck head heights. Absolutely staggering and also the detail in this ceiling. It's designed to mimic the shell of an oyster. And you've got these wooden slats as well. So, you haven't just got a solid roof above you. Depending on where the sun is, you can tilt those to get some shade down here as well. There's a really lovely comfortable seating area back there. But, we need to get to the bar, don't we? Look at the size of this bar. I think I've tested boats that are smaller than this bar. Um, one of the crew on board is a DJ and they've got a really great setup here. This sound system is the sort of thing that they're using in the clubs in Athera. So, you really can party properly up here. You can see how well stocked the bar is. And I really like this green marble they've got on the bar tops. And you see even the bars, the furniture, the curvature is everywhere. Evident on the outside of the yacht and evident throughout the interior, too. It is just a feast of curves. Over on this side, you have a dining area. And you'll notice as well how these decks link. We'll see this throughout. You can see four to pretty much on every deck. And you don't have furniture sort of sitting in the middle of spaces. See how this is nicely edged up to side here. It just makes it a bit more cozy actually in what is quite a big space. Nice lounging area there. But then this lovely central thoroughare that draws you to the forward end of this deck where we have access down. We're going to do top to bottom. There's a day head here. Now the day heads are all done differently. The owner commissioned a French artist to do them all and just said, "You know what? You do what you like." So, they're all slightly different and we'll see those as we run through the boat. My goodness, those doors are absolutely enormous. Let's carry on forward. The forward end of the sund deck. You would expect to see a hot tub on a sund deck and this is a very kensho hot tub. Even this mimics the exterior of the yacht infinity as well, so you can slouch down and still see through the glass. Because for me, that view forward, which you pick up a lot on this yacht, is just fabulous. You see how this seating area here drinks in those views. The TV can be taken away if you don't want it there. You've got some shade from the parasols overhead, but that view down that totally clean deck with a teak running forward and this amazing ice blue hull color. It is really, really special. And that incidentally is also a touchandgo helipad. Let's drop downstairs. I suppose traditionally you'd refer to this as the upper deck, but on board they refer to this more as an observation deck, which become more clear when we head forward. Back here, it's another really lovely outdoor living space. More comfortable sofas and armchairs, drinking those views aft. And then you have an exterior dining space here. And this table is adjustable, so you can make it bigger or smaller. You don't want to serve the big party out here, it opens up. But then dayto-day, you don't want a big table in the way. It closes down to a much more manageable size. Again, take note of the ceilings and the stings aren't just high. Beautifully finished as well. Wood here and it's kind of layered with the back lighting. Works really nicely. Stepping inside and in here we find a smaller lounge area. Sofas, big floor to-seeiling windows. So, the views are still great. There's a TV here as well. Like more intimate, cozy place for guests to come and watch television. And then we come through to this foyer area where there's another dayhead. This one sporting a bit of a Yellowstone theme. And then forward of that staircase linking the decks, but also the elevator. And that does also link all decks. Not always the case. Often they don't quite go to the top of the yacht. This does go all the way up to the sund deck and right down to the lower deck as well. And then this is where we get to the observation bit. Now, ordinarily on a yacht like this, you might expect to see an owner's cabin or even the bridge here, but this is the observation lounge because this is where you get, you know, fantastic views. The owner thought, well, I don't want to have an area here where you're only in here fleetatingly. I want to be able to sit and enjoy this space. And that's why they've created this area as they have. And it's lovely. Amazing in the day. So, you can see because you have 270°ree views, sliding doors on both sides. You can get some ventilation through here. And just see the tip of that amazing bow from in here as well. But then at night, the crew can move these sofas together. There's a screen that drops down centrally there and a projector. So, you can turn this into a cinema. And there's more than that as well cuz in the corners, you've got a little games table. You've got some nice comfortable armchairs here by the library. So, it's a really lovely relaxing space to come in the day and in the evening. Really quite special. Let's drop downstairs and carry on. Let's just take a beat to show you where we are on the yacht because it's got quite an unconventional layout. So, we're now on the main deck. You have the main deck cockpit right after internal dining space. There are two guest cabins on this level, a dayhead, and then right forward is where we find the owner's quarters. The owner's view was that if you're spending this amount of money on a yacht, you don't want your own cabin to feel in any way compromised or cramped. And well, this cabin is the antithesis of that. Again, those deck head heights really come into play. 2.7 m throughout. It's very grand. There's a sense of occasion when you walk into this cabin, but it's also incredibly quiet and opulent, of course. You have this lovely living area as part of it. You've got these sofas. You've got the benches down on this side. Big TV over there. And then through sliding doors. You can partition all of these areas off, but you can open them up to make basically a penthouse you have the bed. And another key feature in the design is that connection with the water. Wherever you are on the boat, you want to be able to see the ocean. And well, they've achieved that here with these incredible windows. You have them on both sides in the bathroom over there as well. Bring in loads of natural light. But when you're in an anchorage, you're going to have amazing views out over the water. And again, the owner said there is luxury in the space between the end of the bed and the bulkhead. Just space to move around in. It really does make it feel like so much more than a cabin. It does have a true apartment feel. Come and look at the bathroom because it's absolutely exquisite. The focal point, this remarkable bath that's been carved out of a single block of marble. It is absolutely stunning. Almost soft to the touch. Remarkable craftsmanship in this one area alone. And there's more marble in the bathroom over there. We have the shower compartment. Sinks over on this side. And again, even when you're in the bathroom, you have that wonderful connection to the water. It works so nicely in this area, maintaining those enormous head heights as well. And some beautiful detailing in the ceiling. It's really very, very special. But there's some close detailing to to notice as well. Things like the bath jump out at you the moment you walk into this cabin, but this is all handcrafted. this tapestry inside the dressing room here all the way around. It's beautiful. And again, even here, look at this desk. Look at the view you have when you're sitting in the bureau at water level. It's wonderful. And it's easy to see this stuff. This is obviously very, very beautiful. But even when you're walking through the communal passageways, the quality and the attention to even the stitching on those walls really jumps out at you. It's mega. That's carft. Before we get there though, two of the guest cabins are on this level. So, let's have a look at those. Starting with the double. And actually, much like the owner's cabin, but clearly on a slightly smaller scale, the ceiling heights again play a real part in the wow factor when you walk into these guest cabins. And the detail too, again, we have this lovely design work behind the bed that's really nicely uplit from behind the bed head. Pair of bedside tables in this double formation because it is quite flexible. I'll explain about that in a moment. And then the way that the the bathroom opens up to this cabin. There is a refusal on this boat to put in needless blockades and and make things feel cramped. So there is a door here. There's two doors. They slide to partition this off if you want to. But why not have it all fully open and you wouldn't even know. These are the doors. You wouldn't even know they were there when they're open like this. The sinks are open to the cabin. Then you've got separate shower and toilet cubicles. It just works really, really well. But these two cabins are very clever. I'll explain why when we head next door. clever because they have exactly the same footprint, but they can both be set up as either a double or like this as twins. Now, this is not something you push a button and it happens. The crew have to physically move the bedside tables and move the beds, but it gives you so many options when it comes to the flexibility of these cabins. It works really nicely. And if anything, it feels quite luxurious set up like this because you have so much more floor space with the beds apart like this. And they're still decent size single beds. And of course, just like over there, you have exactly the same arrangement with the bathroom. We've got the wardrobes hidden up here. And you can see the doors are just a jar here to perfectly show you. These would slide and close, but then completely open when you push these aside. And the same separate shower and toilet cubicle works brilliantly. Let's carry on after. They didn't actually want the internal dining space to gobble up loads of room on this deck. So, it runs across like this rather than maybe running forward like you'd see traditionally. But, it's still a really big space. I mean, look at these two separate tables, but they can be joined to be made into one enormous table. And they're beautifully done as well. The marble inset, the lighting, and again, it's the ceilings. You can't help but, you know, they catch your eye. The lighting work above these tables is absolutely glorious. You can see the cases running around us as well. It's a really impressive space. And again, big big windows. Keep saying it, but you've got that connection to the outside pretty much wherever you are. And again, you can see right through forward. Yes, that's the owner's quarters, but you can see you got that glass panel, so your eyes catching that rather than, you know, a solid piece of wood when the doors open. So, it all just fits together so beautifully. Let's head outside. And here we arrive at main deck aft. And this is an important space because when you come up Pasarel, this is where you're going to land. This is your first taste of Kensho. And you're met immediately by those organic shapes. The ceiling heights again, beautiful finishing in the ceiling. They're tall, but the the detail is beautiful. And so it segways into teak up here and the te sort of disappears upwards and you have the same effect on the transom as well. It's a lovely soft lounging space. All these curves, these lovely shapes that we see throughout the yacht really do set the tone when you first come on board. Staircase out to the deck above. There's a really nice little table tucked over there in the corner that should be really well protected. But this is what I mean. See how the teak runs up the transom and then drops down again. And then the pasel that connects you up here onto this deck. Downstairs we have more guest cabins and finally the beach club. Let's go down there. Oh, it's a long way down, but we're finally on the lower deck. And what we have down here are three more guest cabins, two staff cabins on top of the crew cabins. There's a gym on this level as well. And this area really exemplifies two things on board this yacht. One is the connection to the outside. Bear in mind, we're right on the lower deck, but I look after and I can see the pool. I can see outside from down here. And the other thing is a total resistance to straight lines. Can you see how the walls and the carpet down here are ever so slightly wavy? As you look down there, you can just see there's a nice soft curve all the way down. Absolutely love that attention to detail. Let's start with one of the guest cabins. Possibly the sweetest cabin I've ever been inside because they've set this one up to show what it'll be like as a nursery. That's lovely. I feel if I let my daughter in here, she'd probably never want to leave. But of course, you can have this as just a standard guest cabin. Shows you some of the flexibility. Unlike other guest cabins upstairs, you've got a similar layout in that this bathroom can be completely open to the cabin but closed with these hidden doors. Heading forward down our wavy passageway, we find another guest cabin. This time it's a double. They're really, really good size as well. And this is a very good demonstration of the drop down TVs. You have these in in all the cabins, but they've got this one down so you can see how nice that is when it drops out of the seat like that. is in a great position just above the bed and then you never know it's there when it closes up again. Windows aren't quite as big of course we're lower down in the yacht but you still have a decent size hull window in here and it's exactly the same. You have this nice open plan bathroom arrangement with the cupboards in here. So really good storage in these spaces as well. Let's carry on. That's one of the staff cabins. We'll come back to that cuz that's actually how you get to the crew space. But I just want to show you the final guest cabin down here. This is quite a nice cabin, isn't it? You can come out your cabin, you walk through that door and you're straight to the pool. We'll see that in a moment. Again, these are very flexible. This one's set up as a double. And there are some slight differences down here in that the bed head runs a little bit further around in these cabins. It was just picking up behind the bed head above, but that detail comes all the way around here. It's lovely. Not quite as high ceiling, still 2.3 m, so pretty substantial head heights, but not quite as towering as above. We've seen that before. The bathroom, very similar to the other cabins we've seen. opposite. Again, this is sort of the wellness cabin because you're opposite the gym and you're right by the pool. But yeah, nice size workout space, too. Got your machines. Got some nice big windows down here as well. There are TVs set into the mirror over there so you can watch the telly while you're working out. And then, of course, this is a really remarkable feature. We come to the final dayhead down here on the ground floor. And then we are out to the beach club. But it's not the beach club in a traditional sense where you have the shell door and everything feels very enclosed. Look how open this is and also how low slung it is too. Now you've got that lovely sliding door that allows very easy access when the boat is stationary, but they have to have a solid door as well. So that actually swings down from the ceiling watertight door that bolts across there to protect it when the boat's at sea. But then what's amazing is you'd have absolutely no idea that was there when it's up like that. And it's just very easy to pass through that electric door. Now we got to talk about the pool. This is a thing of beauty as well. Again, it looks like a little mini version of the yacht with the shapes and obviously the color. That is a nice thread running throughout this entire space. Lovely pool as well. And that actually drops down into a tank so you can empty it nice and quickly. But the really important thing is that you are still so in touch with the water. Of course, we've talked about that connection inside the boat, just as important outside the boat. And again, I like how the seating is fringed around the pool here. It looks like a space that you'll really genuinely use. And the way the teak runs up. We saw that from the deck above, but I really like the way the teak sort of runs up and up and up and draws you up towards the top of the boat. Fabulous space. Right, the last space to look at then will be the technical spaces and the crew area. Let's go. Before we get to the crew space, I mentioned those staff cabins earlier. Well, this is where they are. They're basically finished just like the rest of the guest accommodation. This one's actually set up as a massage suite at the moment. And because of the design of the yacht whereby they've banished side decks lower down, they had to find a way for the crew to be able to get to their accommodation internally. So that door there links to a staircase externally to the deck above and they walk down this passageway which connects to their quarters. Well, Kencho runs with 21 crew and we've timed this well, you decide rather well or maybe not because they're just serving crew tea. So we'll just pop our heads into the galley. See, they're prepping the burgers. Two chefs working way in here. We don't want to get cold so we'll be quick. And this is the crew mess. God, that looks and smells delicious. I can assure you. So, yeah, this is where the the crew hang out, where they eat, where they relax, when they're off shift. All of their cabins run down that passageway there. We can't go into the cabins, I'm afraid. But you can see the living spaces down here. And trust me, the food smells delicious. And this is only the crew food. Okay, that's the crew space. Before we go to the engine room, let's go and check out the bridge. Internally, you can only get to the bridge from the crew space. and she's unconventional in other ways as well. Mainly the drive system. I mean, the bridge itself is pretty formulaic. The sort of screens and tech you'd expect to see on a yacht of this size. The main difference is that view over the for deck is well, that's one in a million. Now, it's her drive system. She uses a pod system, bit like IPS. I'll explain a little bit more when we go down into the engine room, but the upshot is she has a combined 3,800 horsepower for a top speed around 60 knots, but at 12 knots, so a relatively high cruising speed, she's doing 4,300 nautical miles. But it's probably easy to talk about how her quite unique drive system works when we go downstairs into the engine room. The other thing I want to show you is how you control this thing. Very maneuverable according to the captain, but you're not going to want to do that from in here. But luckily, you have these pop out wing stations on both sides. So when it comes to birthing, you push these out and then I mean what a view you have down the side of the yacht. It's absolutely remarkable. Full control here of both pods, thrusters, coms as well. Of course, the crew are going to be talking the yacht into a birth, but in terms of the view, it's absolutely spectacular. Now, the other quirk is the way to get to the tender garage is actually via a staircase in this area. After that, we'll head down to the engine room. It's always fun to get inside the toy chest on a yacht like this. And Kencho's got some pretty nice toys. She has a totally custom chase boat as well, but two of the tenders physically live on board. We have this custom ribeye, which is jet driven, great for water sports and getting into the shallows. And over on this side, we have little mini kensho. This again totally custom limousine tender. You can see this roof here drops completely flat to enable it to get into this garage. There are shell doors on both sides. See these cranes here? So these extend and drop both of these in and out of the water. Loads of water sports kit forward. All the inflatables that they can set up at the back of the yacht when she's anchored. That's all under here. Bit of a workshop area as well cuz of course these little tenders need maintenance. The engineers look after these, not just the main yacht. And then right forward we get to two of the biggest anchor winches I've ever seen in my life. Nearly as tall as me. That is some serious equipment. The cleats as well. And then you have platforms on both sides so the crew can get out and keep an eye on the anchor. I saw a clip of her coming to the show and a couple of the crew were out here on this platform. That's a pretty cool way to travel. Right, let's head to the engine room. Before you get to the engine room itself, you have the ECR, the engineers control room. Two engineers on board. They can sit in their office with no natural light obviously, but they're just sitting there making sure all the systems are okay. And obviously on a yacht like this, there are lots of systems to manage. And it has this hybrid diesel electric system. So you don't actually have main engines. We got no shaft line because it uses pods, five variable speed generators that can be run in any sequence depending on what the boat's doing when it comes to propulsion or domestic supply. You can see one of the pods there. Of course, there's another one on the other side. And you have a traditional bow thruster as well. But think of this like Volvo Penta IPS pod drives. Apart from the differences IPS turns like that, these can spin all the way around making Ken show extremely maneuverable to 75 m yacht. And there are other benefits as well. If you want to move along quietly, say in the morning when guest is sleeping, you can move this thing running just one generator rather than firing up a pair of big main engines. And also the pods are right back in the boat as well. It's a really really clever system. What Kensho demonstrates is what's feasible in the world of superyachts. You can start with a concept that came from a sketch on a piece of paper, a glimmer of an idea that develops into something that is truly gamechanging. This is genuinely unique. Look at all these yachts we're surrounded by. There's only one yacht that people want to be on board at this show. This is what a future icon looks like. Let me know in the comments below what you think of this magnificent yacht. Thanks very much for watching that tour. I really hope you enjoyed it. We love filming it for you. Please give us a like if you did and do subscribe. It's pretty hard to get on board these yachts, but the more subscribers we have, the more likely we are to get on board. So, please do do that. The funny thing about this as well is the same company who produced this also produced the Lamborghini yacht, which we've got a tea trial of. I'll put that up there. Thanks again for watching. I'm Jack Haynes. You're watching your buyer.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Yachtbuyer [8 likes]: ⚓ Kensho is currently for sale with Christie Yachts - view the listing here: https://www.yachtbuyer.com/en/admiral-yachts/for-sale/kensho-74309852
  2. @RobertDePinto [5 likes]: Possibly the best yacht interior I’ve ever seen. I can’t think of anything that comes close. Extraordinary.
  3. @nicbennett6554 [5 likes]: Epic!
Probably the best yacht on the water globally. I know it’s expensive, but I’d dare say good value for money 😬
  4. @ninja12lawbreaker [4 likes]: I can't at the moment, think of anything I would like to add to this fantastic vessel
  5. @Savageglobalmarketing [2 likes]: The market feels like it’s moving toward experience-driven design more than feature-driven design lately.
  6. @RedBart [1 likes]: My favourite yacht by far out of the thousands I have seen on YouTube. There was absolutely nothing I didn't absolutely LOVE! Congrats to the builders and the owner.
  7. @Thereallyniceguy [1 likes]: Without any doubt, and I've watched no end of yacht videos, this is the most beautiful yacht I've ever seen. Those bedrooms are what dream are made of. Huge congrats to the owner, what a vision.
  8. @jedialex65 [1 likes]: So someone commission this magnificent vessel. Wait a few years to be build, and then sell it shortly after. Help me understand why.
  9. @southsiders2k5 [1 likes]: No side decks has to be a bummer for the crew
  10. @maxnao3756 [1 likes]: I will buy to use it as tender for my 285mt yacht. Jokes aside, this is an absolutely beautiful yacht. It has a design, colors, shapes, furniture, everything expresses, soft, relaxed, peaceful, pure atmosphere. If I could afford a super yacht, this would be it. Thanks for sharing this video.
  11. @andrewfoster4359 [1 likes]: whilst a bit unconventional looking on the outside(??) inside is just stunning, kept neutral throughout but with amazing artwork and touches like those bedheads, the dayhead decor and the master dressing room, but what impresses the most is the headheight - i never understood why so many of these big yachts kept to the 2.1/2.2m headheights most of the time we've seen these videos, the deck heights really do give this boat a real feel of space, light and luxury.  I have to say i could easily live in that master suite.
Thanks for the tour, just a very beautiful boat.
  12. @srj2590 [1 likes]: One word, WOW
  13. @Philipk65: I'll take two of them.
  14. @marc1829: Great tour of a stunning yacht, Jack. The Japanese modern aesthetic is gorgeous and very original, likewise the organic forms. 🤩
  15. @mrknighttheitguy8434: Too many compromises for my liking...😜
  16. @nothingtopostipromise: Hello, please put me on the waiting list. I need to check my finances, I only need €126.5M and it is mine :)
  17. @jaffaholland4039: A bonkers boat, the original ower took this one to a next level that won't be easily beaten. 

I think even if I had the money I would not buy it as feels two big. 

Whoever ends up with it is truly lucky
  18. @marcioleite8042: Nossa muito legal bem diferente
  19. @alcylon: Rap it op and deliver😃 nice tour. Thx
  20. @Squirel: A magnificent yacht and quite unique in it's design. Loved the tour thankyou.

- The BUSIEST charter I've ever had - Tandem Yacht Charter!: Kind: captions Language: en all right guys this next week I think might be the busiest one I've ever had on board we are having a tandem Charter now tanm Charter means two boats chartering together by the same [Music] person so it's this boat Lon and also the old loon which is currently over there the Charter starts tomorrow so right now we're in De brnik I've got Provisions arriving tonight we've got 12 guests on board they've got 12 guests on board and they want to eat together for most meals I think yeah that's going to be a fun one wait where Lon hey what are you doing here everyone I'd like you to introduce you to uh Dan Dan what are you doing on board helping you yeah yeah some guest food guest only the kings of the castle king queen we decided to do is split the two gys so um Dan and I we're both the head Chefs of the lon boats uh so we're taking over this Galley and we've sent sea over the other boat they taking care of the crew food to go the guest food la good morning MOA good morning what have you been up to this morning just sitting at the table it's really beautiful outside let's go show me yeah come over ooh it's gorgeous have you seen how the pools are together oh my God why are the pools together moo have a pool party how's it going what you got going on here oh today we just got a beautiful setup of the two pools next to each other they got their jet out they got their seabobs out to have the two pools side by side is pretty amazing I've never seen a setup like this so I can tell our guests are going to have an amazing day check it out we are doing a barbecue setup today for the guest lunch could you ask for a better view while barbecuing right we're looking pretty good aren't we day now yeah looking pretty sweet so what we got on the barbecue today bit of ch ch uh salmon carboneros carabano PRS good got some nice salads as well potato salad yeah just panzanella you got panzanella and the butter lettuce this one oh my gosh it looks so good that's I can't take any credit for that Dan butter lettuce blue cheese raspber dressing and Candi peans yummy very good very good sweet and delicious I the the joy of a tandem chter we've got the Two Chefs radioing me asking can you bring the noodles over you want these you want these yes my new home my new establishment no no that's not your new home temporary dinner tonight is on Lon 2 the small loon so they're setting up for dinner over there looks like they're vacuuming the table good morning Bridge hey good morning how does it feel Paul next to your old to have the old girl yeah are you looking out the window going your hang on yeah it's pretty cool but it's also you know like an exgirlfriend let it go let it Paulie can you tell us a little bit about the setup we're doing this afternoon or today the setup so as of now we're just cruising into miet now and then uh the plan is to do a bum to bum bum to bum bum to BB can you and Tyler just show me what that looks like it's it's called a moon landing you are never getting that on video what what Logistics does that mean both anchors so we're going to drop two anchors first and we're going to get settled they're going to then come in behind drop two anchors then we're going to come in throw Stone lines bum to bum Y and uh the idea is that the two anchors will pull forward and pull theats away from each but the stone L stop that so we have about tension between okay so should be cool first time doing it wait first time doing it first time doing it you got this you got this you got this Dane and I are just going to go scope out the um setup for tonight look at this bit hot for an apron don't need two out here I know that's the whole Jack are we loving the double bum to bum setup girls cool this is our pizza setup are you ready Dane ready it's Sam or something like that it's going to be very hot and it's about zero knots of wind yeah ideal for pizza make we'll got our pepperoni now all right what do you think what's what's going down well bab pepperon CS are going down really well okay great thing how you doing nice yeah good good just uh doing some more classic Italian style pizzas here looking real good did you get the goods R so how many kilos of muscles do we have I know how many do we have I think we've got 200 oysters go on one in each hand going to get some uh get some s hands from Miss today I know 30 kilos that's probably a I don't know I don't know correct answer is a [Applause] lot n Welcome to our Mexican fiesta today it is what day is or chter is it 2 three four yeah fourth day fourth day for me fourth day what do we got for lunch um got some uhas also Booker here some uh pick of cabbage and little bit coriander you know what you're going to say spr brazing for few hours look how dark and Rich that meat is it is dark i' got so got some nice M there and then this is the dressing here that's got like passion fruit lime lemon coriander this is possibly the best ceviche dressing I've ever tasted it is insane so it's just got a passion fruit vinegar in there and then I actually get the fresh passion fruit as well we're also doing a Baja Fish Taco some cheesec casadas alino sauce just hitting all the hitting all the crowd favorites and of course Salsas and Salsas and tortilla chips the time has come mate the time has come Time Has Come To Say Goodbye yeah bye everyone say bye to do no cut cut uh for the very last dinner service actually split up doing could you be any ah working with do has been really really fun it's been really good working with another head chef because you kind of bounce off of each other and share knowledge again which is fantastic so shout out to you Legend appreciate it cheers see you around like a rist yeah see you around see you made last cake of the season that's bloody stunning maid good work very nice work so it's a nice little touch uh if whoever made dessert will take dessert up and present it to the guests so shie made the he's going to present to the guests and that is our final dessert of this tandem Charter I am naked but it was so much fun we had brilliant guests on board and it was an amazing experience to have the two boats together so hope you enjoyed that video and I'll see you again next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @oceancat0450 [2 likes]: Ohhhhh to be this rich. I just hope whoever owns these boats is grateful.
  2. @weallmakechoices7456 [1 likes]: Rather a lot of loose hair & beards in the kitchen..
  3. @KevinCannady [1 likes]: Thanks for posting your life. I was an army cook and love seeing your prep routine. Great job 😅
  4. @esausalinasarita1261: Chef, I really will like to work with you onboard. I´m a chef and I wanna start to work in the yactching world. I admire you and your capacity to create incredible dishes 🫡
  5. @appleblows1: Is that captain Paul Clarke?
  6. @countrycrafted: love this whole float set up. But what I’d like to know is what kind of pizza ovens are those?
  7. @robstubbs2772: You guys do an incredible job of perfection 😊
  8. @DevonAbrey-f3g: Wonderful scenic shots but the repetitive music is a bit annoying and it doesn't seem to match the filming. But I just mute it so not a big deal. Love "watching" your videos......
  9. @alexremovich: I've never seen any guests. Are you guys sure you aren't just eating it all??
  10. @HerrLustig1234: I hate rich people
  11. @judyderieux8484: I love watching you get all the food ready and serve it ...
  12. @saromardirosian4099: What is the name of the song that plays throughout?
  13. @Cardecoster64: Todos maravilhosos, mas, a rede de proteção para os cabelos seria fundamental para não haver incidentes com queratina nos pratos. kkkkk
  14. @lorir5728: The amount of money spent on food for this charteris probably more than I make in five years.  Then if you add in alcohol that would be like 15 years.
  15. @joleenshepherd2090: Your videos enspire me to see just how much more life has to explore ❤
  16. @jesswatt-g5x: I am entirely confident that I could pay off my house with what these people paid for that experience.
  17. @osdsc127: 8:40 what was that laugh 😂
  18. @shannonmygirl: Please change the music when speeding up filming.
  19. @btng23: International regulations, no matter how big the yacht, must comply with the maximum number of passengers is 12 people 😁
  20. @danielbouwmeester865: I enjoyed the video Nina Wilson..🔪

- Superyacht Crew Welfare, Abuse, NDAs & Power Dynamics with Cherise Reedman | Yachting USA - PODCAST: Kind: captions Language: en Sharice Reedman, welcome to Yata USA. >> Pleasure. >> What a pleasure. >> It is a pleasure. >> Yeah, we tried in Monaco and u that was, you know, ships in the night. >> Yeah, that was exactly what it was. Exactly what it was. But I've been wanting to have this conversation. You got a great voice. You have a podcast yourself, Pearls of Wisdom. >> I do. I do. We're part of the same family, aren't we? >> We are part of the same family. I love that. It's good to speak with a sister >> and guess that makes me the big brother, right? >> Yes. Yeah. >> And you know, we both have a passion for the yaching industry. We both have a passion for crew welfare. I think I myself recognize the misogynistic nature of our industry, the history of a male-dominated industry. And yet, I see the power and the benefits that the female voice brings to the industry, whether it's from design to crew or to ownership of vessels or ownership of businesses or any combination of all that. So it would be naive to not recognize that there are challenges and issues and need for some changes and you advocate a lot of that. So I wanted to give you a voice on Yachti USA to talk about your path, your history and your vision. >> My vision. That's interesting. My path is probably been a bit I don't know like old. We didn't I didn't end up setting out to be or where I was. It was never a plan or a vision. So I find it quite bizarre that we're actually sat here a lot of the time, you know, like when you go like going to Monaco, you kind of pinch yourself like >> right is this real? >> How did that happen? >> How did that happen? Exactly. >> You know, you know, I'm a girl from England landlocked as well. I'm from the center of England. >> There was no water around me whatsoever. >> You lived on an island. >> Oh yeah, you do. But like, you know, the sea's not anywhere near near where I am. But yeah, I just, you know, I was normal girl, kind of striving for the traditional family career and all of that kind of stuff. But 2008 crash happened. >> Yeah, it's real. >> And that turned, you know, quite a few lives upside down and mine was one of them. So I was working doing research for environmental engineering at the time. We lost our funding because of the crash and I it was just one of those serendipitous moments. Previously when I was 19, I'd done my working holiday visa for Canada. Had a fab time, came back, broke, but had a great time. >> There you go. That's >> so I knew that the working holiday visa for Australia existed. And on one of these very gray days like today in the UK, I was talking to my best friend and she was like, "What do you want to do?" And I was like, "Mate, I'm just so I just wish I could get away. I just want to get away, but I've got no money. I've just had to get let go of my flat to move back into my parents house." So I was feeling very sorry for myself. >> But my best friend worked for BA. So she was like, "What if you just apply for the visa and I'll get you the flight to Australia and then if you get stuck at customs, sorry if there's any Australian immigration people." And they look for the five grand that you're supposed to when you travel, it's not there. You just chance it cuz they might they probably won't check as long as everything's done. So I applied for the working holiday visa. My best friend got me a standby flight for £80 to Australia. >> Wow. >> I had £700 in my bank account. >> Whoa. Love this adventure. >> And yeah, just got on a flight, went to Australia. My friend was like, "Last as long as you can. Soon as you need to come home, just call me and I'll get you a flight back." >> So yeah, just fly by the seat of your pants. But I did I did the whole year. So I I managed to pretty much get a job straight away. I didn't stay I landed in Sydney but I went over to Western Australia um cuz I was just really intrigued in >> that area Perth so Cotloow Beach all of that kind of area got a job straight away and then managed to do the whole year and then again kind of flying by the seat of my pants didn't want to do fruit picking anybody knows about the Commonwealth visas back in the day you had to do a to get your second year you had to go and do fruit picking and I was old and I just didn't want to live with a bunch of kids picking pineapples in a shed in Australia. And I was like, I'm too old to do that. I'd just seen all these kids in a hostel. I'm like, I'm not there. >> Right. Okay. >> So, I did the same thing again. So, I applied for my working holiday visa with I had more money this time. I had like nearly $2,000 for New Zealand. >> And then I was like, right, I'll go to New Zealand. I'll earn some money, save some money to go home. I was planning to go home, but it just never kind of happened. >> But in New Zealand, I got a job with a law firm. They sponsored me. So, I stayed there a lot longer. >> Good stuff. So, you know, am I a bit of a dead lover? I suppose be carefree. You know, was back in the day. >> That's all right. Our youth, that's a good way to spend our youth. >> Yeah. And then, so I was in New Zealand desperately trying to turn into a hobbit. And >> how'd that work out? >> My feet just never got hairy. Damn it. You know, damn it. >> So, yeah, I just had a really fab time. Lived with hippies down there. It was very eye opening experience. just experienced loads of just fabulous stuff. Spent a lot of time in Queenstown looking at the remarkable mountains and stuff. But the call finally came from my mother going, "What are you doing?" Because obviously it's like 5 years. >> I'm living life, mom. >> I don't know. So anyway, a family friend suggested if you don't want to come back and work in the UK, like have you considered yaching? I'm like, what? What's yaching? So anyway, in New Zealand did some research. I'm like, "Hell yeah, I can serve rich people drinks. That's not difficult." I'd done hospitality along my office career the whole time. I always had two jobs. >> So, did my research, did my SECW in went back to Australia, did my SECW, and then when the weather turned in France, I went over and did the normal on tea. >> Head back to the northern hemisphere and the >> Yeah, I was kind of close. My mom was happy. I was close like different hemisphere, so that helps. and then just worked on yachts until I met my husband. >> Wow. Fantastic. So, you took an interior position on the boats. >> Yeah. Yeah. I'm not built for exterior stuff. I, you know, I have helped out with the odd wash down, but shammis are not for me to be honest. >> Good thing you didn't turn into a hobbit then. >> Yeah. >> You know, I like my hands soft. I love nice things. You know, you get to see, touch materials, you know, wines, foods. It's just stuff. >> It's a different It's different. No, it's it's fantastic. You learn a whole new load of things, whether it's the history of the art on the yacht or where that, you know, stingray skin, whatever cabinet came from, you know, you learn so so much, >> right? >> So, yeah, I was all about the fluffy stuff on the end. >> The little fluffy stuff's important. That's why most high net worth individuals like being on their boats. They're surrounded by their fluffy stuff. >> Well, that's kind of ironic in the service. >> Yeah. Well, it's kind of ironic because obviously when you come to something like we are here to to the CP forum, they value it. But does the industry value the people that are providing here? This is the question. Yes, ma'am. >> I've been interviewing people involved with professional yaching association earlier this week. I swan Sherp is coming into the conversation. and organizations that are in purpose anyway, whether it's in practice protecting or helping or supporting yacht crew. And what's come out of these conversations is a consistent drum beat, a consistent message that while there is indeed a love for the industry and working on these boats and almost every one of, if not every one of the crew I've spoken to have had amazing, remarkable experiences. Unfortunately, without exception, every single woman I've had a conversation with has been subjected to sexual abuse, sexual harassment, verbal abuse, bullying, ju just just unacceptable. And if it was 10% or 20% or 30% or even 50% of the people I'm talking to, I'm hearing this, it's like, okay. Yeah. When it's virtually 100%. That's when you have to pick your ears up a little bit and go, "Okay, there there is a fundamental issue." And >> you can go back traditionally and say this is a misogynistic male ind male-dominated industry, which it is, but that's not an excuse for the way people hire and treat and fail to protect, you know, the women that are working in our industry. >> Yeah. It's I mean, it's so my eyes have been open to it. So obviously I married my husband, had my daughter, didn't want to not work and also because my husband worked in the industry. Didn't want to be disconnected from it. It was such an incredible experience, but it's also still very much part of our family's life because my husband [clears throat] still worked. So I wanted to do something and my exit out was really tough. I found it really difficult because you have to, you know, I was becoming a mom. I had to find a new career. right? You know, all of those things that underpin you as a human being and your own identity, right? >> All changed at the same time. So, I was really struggling. So, I just tried to find any information about what happened to the women after they've left like where did they go? You know, are they all on an island waiting for me or like where what what have these women done next? So, just couldn't find any information. So, we started the yacht pals of wisdom community. So try to connect the women that have left together again, but also because the balance of power on board and I use the word power is always slightly out of a woman's favor. And I mean that. >> Yeah. Well, I mean that. So you could hypothetically have a 26-y old chief stew, your captain's 60, your engineers 40. The power dynamic on board is always kind of out of kilter for the women on board. Right. >> I use the example that, you know, my 26-year-old self, if my, you know, engineer or decky was getting out of hand with my junior stewards, my 26-year-old self wouldn't be as feisty as my now 45year-old self and tell him to, you know, >> f off. >> Yeah. Get out kind of thing, right? >> So, the power dynamic is quite is quite different. So, obviously starting pearls, we wanted to go, you know, give them more support on board. let them know that, you know, they unfortunately their experiences aren't unique. We all go through it, but you can surmount it. Women have gone on to do fantastic things, create companies, you know, moved and create surmounted in insane obstacles and everything else. So, really positive thing. We launched that. I was probably a bit naive and a bit like we're going to change the world and make the world a better place. Obviously, fast forward to now, we we did it through a series of events bringing women together. wanted to create this huge platform that had loads of resources and everything else but couldn't get the funding for it. So, you know, unfortunately Pearls as it stands is kind of on hiatus. Okay. But only because there's also a lot of movers and shakers going on at the moment. So, when I started there wasn't anything. Now there's a whole bunch that are doing stuff cuz mental health and harassment is a hot topic. >> Well, it need it's hopefully it's coming out of the shadows. >> It is coming out of the shadows. I mean, I've just been hardwired into, I'll be really honest, the female experience cuz I don't, you know, I'm not saying that guys don't get bullied or harassed or whatever, but the stats and information that I've seen and everything else disproportionately is massively more of a female issue than than a >> It is disproportionate. There's no question about it. I can go back though to my time at sea in the early 80s and it was almost exclusively men on board and I saw firsthand men being demeaned, bullied. Sexual harassment wasn't much of a thing, but the other stuff was brutal. And I've seen I've seen grown men cry and I've seen men leave their profession. So, it it exists. It's a human thing. But then add the, you know, the, you know, the female into the mix and it's becomes way disproportionate. For sure. >> There is like, and I'm not, you know, I'm not ever being I wouldn't say I'm a feminist because there is a whole bunch of blue jobs that I have no interest in doing. I think there is truly a place for males and females in the world and their roles. They are great together, but they are different. >> Absolutely. But on board because of the work environment, you know, all teams whether they're on land or at sea, they all have their issues. You know, we're human beings at the end of the day. Yes. You know, you're never going to eradicate bullying, unfortunately. It's just, you know, there will be a human nature to it. You know, I think, you know, that you can lessen it, but >> recognize you're going to go into some Darwin kind of stuff if you want to try and get rid of it. >> Natural selection. >> Yeah. Well, no. Also, and whether it's actually good for society to even do it. That's a deep question, but we won't go there. >> But obviously I've just been hardlined into the, you know, the female experiences on board and what they're going through. >> But you know what's been to bring it back to here where we are and obviously you've been at the forum you know it was the seminar on the change in code that we both attended right >> highlighted that you know obviously mainly females are on the interior. Minimum manning doesn't even count. >> Yeah. I find that >> the interior. So it's a whole it's a team of people that don't exist. >> So from a code point of view, you're not even of value. So then are we surprised that when it comes to career progression courses made, there's no the industry doesn't see any value. And then obviously then you go into the behavior towards females, you don't see any value. So it's it's kind of it's not a a straight issue. >> Nope. But this I have to say this I've been to the forum before this this is a good it was a good >> I think this year was a good year because I think people were actively listening. >> I found a voice you know which was kind of fun. I've always kind of like stirring the pot but it was a good opportunity to speak up a little bit as well. And there was a lot of voices here that had legitimate and profound things to say. >> Yeah. So, you know, >> and they got a chance to say it, which I would probably argue last year that was very >> was very much. Yeah. Was li and frankly that's one of the motivations I have with this podcast is that >> while I'll never know the female experience, I love the idea of bringing women like you onto this show to have a voice and be able to share their experiences firsthand. I think women are fantastic and I don't think men truly understand how strong we are because you know we do deal with probably similar issues and gravitas but you've actually also got we've got a body that's constantly trying to sabotage us. The hormone thing is just not there as far as I'm concerned. >> But it's it's a complete it's a completely different experience. you know realizing very simple facts you know obviously Ria put up a post today you know an auditorium full of women and they asked the women in the room could you please stand if you've either been sexually harassed or you know somebody who's been sexually harassed sexually assaulted maybe raped the whole entire room stood up >> yes >> you know and from my perspective if I obviously got a group of women together and asked the same question they would all stand up it's I don't even think there's Then, you know, unless you live as a nun somewhere, it's part of life for us. It's real. But then does that downplay it? Do you understand me? Cuz it's so common and women just get on because if they actually stopped every single time, we would never get on and do anything. >> Right. Right. I think the tipping point here or if you will the the way to make change is first of all comprehending and understanding. So from the male perspective, cuz we're not in this space, and it's interesting, too, cuz in this industry, unless you're actively working in the crew section of the industry, most people don't even pay attention to the crew interface with the boat and what that means. And yet every single business here and you walk the Mets and you see all thousands of these people selling equipment and parts and services into our industry. If they understood that dysfunctional crew pushes yacht owners out and we can't afford to lose the high net worth individual who's going to spend money and build a boat and build the next boat and build the next boat and hire all the crew and create these jobs and create these opportunities. It then becomes fundamental the crew welfare and well-being. >> Well, it's linked to excellence. So there was I forget her name but obviously on the first day of the forum there was a fantastic lady that comes from the luxury hospitality industry you know working with really big brand names and obviously her main point was she could not understand you know like going in the analogy she worked for Rolex there was no way if I got a job for Rolex they would let me just go straight away go to one of their highest net worth individuals to sell a Rolex with no training. >> No. and on board at this moment in time, you know, interior can, you know, they're very com, don't get me wrong, very fast learners, competent women, but they can do their SECW, they have no training in service whatsoever. They might not really understand the true art of service. And I find it a bit weird that in this, you know, sevenst star industry that we're supposed to have that you've got the best of the best equipment, interior, everything else, but you're going to put somebody in front of that high net worth person that's not trained in in in the art of >> So, Shice, you're talking about the human factor now that comes into this. And this comes up again and again in that it's like we we have an industry where we're talking about maximum quality luxury >> and then you whether you're talking about classification rules or crew placement, it's meeting minimum standards. >> How do those two reconcile? And I go back to running a yacht management company, creating a budget for these boats, owners holding us to this budget. And part of the budget, significant part of the budget was crew. Crew training was either not in the budget at all or an infantessimal piece of it. And that is where I think yeah management companies need to have more courage and more willingness to cuz they have got the voice they've got the ear of the client they got the ear of the job. They have I mean I think from a you know looking at through the purely female angle you know there's always been an issue you know that's why Joey and others started the guest accreditation you know to try and give value to the you know the interior type courses for crew members there's a lot of things that kind of you can kind of work out maybe getting in the way cuz obviously women don't exist in the industry as long as men so obviously all these qualifications and everything that men are achieving through through the bridge and everything else. You know, you can go on board and retire in the same career, >> Females, it's not the same. >> No, >> it's not the same. You get like, don't get me wrong, there are some incredible No, there's there are some, you know, there are some female captains that just get an amazing owner and they can keep going for longer, but most >> leave because either their looks have gone, it's just too physically demanding, they can't even get the roles anymore, or they're having children. So they're only in for a very small as far as the industry is concerned. So are they not worth investing in because they might only be around you know you got to spend you know sending a a stewardess on a five grand course and she's only going to stay in for another 3 years she's going to get pregnant that's a societal female thing. So I kind of there are lots of things within the industry and also the nature of how long a woman is in the industry you could argue don't really work in our favor either. But the disparity like you said between wanting excellence and not investing in the main thing you know you could sail a boat from point A to point B. You could have the best boat with the best technology, the most incredible techn technology, interior, everything. But if your interior team aren't functioning, that owner is going to have a rubbish trip. >> Oh yeah. No question about it. The expectations are lost. >> Which means, if you want to put it really cynically, no tip, >> you know, do you want tip? Do you want tip? Do you want to make some money? Do you want them to come back? And so here here's a little a tiein too because not the abusives that happen on these boats isn't always from the guest or owner side. It's often times the deck and the bridge and the people that are in charge. I hear story after story about that. I mean just bring it down to the economics. If you're turning your interior team into a dysfunctional unit, it's going to hit you in the pocketbook, too. Not that it should be the pocketbook that controls the behavior. It should be just good solid human, you know, behavior that that controls the behavior. But whoever, however you craft the conversation to try to change the outcome, it all should come into that so that things are safe, comfortable with as little bias as possible. Yeah. I mean, I I'm I think maybe next year we'll I will hopefully help pioneer a bit more. Let's just get real. And I think there needs to be some real hard truths. They need to hear the gruesome stories. You need to be in a room where they literally tell you story after story about what is actually happening to women on board. Cuz I think the industry unfortunately because of the nature of it, the transient nature, the you know the you know you can live five nine lives on board. You can reinvent yourself a million times. For perpetrators of sexual offenses, it's the most incredible hiding place. Can so for the benefit of those listening to this podcast that have no freaking clue, would you be willing to give us an example, one story you've heard that resonates with you that's like this is an example of the kind of thing that do happen and this is what we need to stop. Well, de you know the the worst I've heard loads you know I've heard loads you know the most the most common scenario is that somebody will be a woman will be sexually assaulted attacked whatever most commonly she will be removed from the boat and she will be taken away and supported sometimes not I actually did a panel discussion myself at one of my own events where the supporting entities you know these groups couldn't actually agree on what to how to deal with a rape victim and these are the ent entities that you're supposed to go for support or in a crisis. >> So there's lots of there's lots of things. I mean the worst one obviously that's really shell shocked everybody. I mean, I've not been on board for 10 years and when the story came out about Paige, I think it's because I can literally close my eyes and be in an engine room and smell that smell of the engine. >> And be in that kind of warm, musky kind of place, noisy. >> I was there and then obviously details kind of came out that, you know, she, you know, from my understanding, she put up a good fight. >> Yeah. And for those who don't know, >> this is Paige Bell who was martyed this summer in the Bahamas. >> And Sherice, I have to say that coming out of that you saw on all the social media and it seemed everywhere everybody was using her image and talking about the situation and arms are up and you know >> the only reason you're talking about her is because she died, >> right? And yet when I was in Monaco I never heard her names mentioned. No, this >> you know and it's >> the thing with the page situation and what you know I've been asked to talk about it but I don't know I don't like to I mean we will talk about it probably at some point but I don't have all of the facts. I'd like to have a bit more information before my you know my Penithworth but I know having spoken to other women that have been attacked and everything else the only reason we're talking about Paige is because she was actually murdered. Yes. If she had been just raped, you wouldn't hear anything at all. >> There wouldn't be any information out there at all. >> she would have been bundled off and taken away and just, you know, >> is assigned to history. >> So, in a previous podcast, there's two stories that came up and I just add this to the conversation because I think again it gives perspective. One was the murder of my guest's best friend on a different boat she was on. They were separate boats in a bea. And after this woman, she was poisoned at a club. She was not on the boat when it happened, but they had just come into >> her drinks biking. >> Yeah. And she went into a coma. While she was in hospital for 4 days, everything of hers on board the boat was packaged up and brought to her hospital room. The captain, the owner asked the captain to move the boat back to Morca. And the captain said, "No, we have potential crime going on here. We got to stay." Owner fired the captain, entire crew, replaced the captain and crew, move the boat. And you never heard about this, the Jess being murdered. It was just gone. El hadn't experienced herself on a boat. This is a 70 m boat. She was purser, head of department, had her own birth, own stateateroom. Chef came into her room 5:00 in the morning naked and climbed into the bed with her. She put up a fight, pushed him out, brought everybody, all the heads department into the wheelhouse with the captain, said, "I need this guy taken off the boat. You know, I, you know, I've been assaulted." Captain called the owner and owner basically said, "Listen, yeah, this is not good. I don't condone this. We got a busy charter and I love the chef's cooking. How will we deal with this when we finish the season? >> So, guess who left the boat? >> The woman. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> And this is, you know, I like I said, I've been quite positive about this forum. I think we're headed in the right direction, but my frustration is how much time do we have? You know, I think that's having dealt with women and is shoes through pearls and now with the CP laundry podcast, I don't feel like we've got any time. How many pages does there need to be? How many other sex shows are like, you know, are we getting true stats about how many rapes there were this season? >> This season in Europe, we're not getting information. You know, the crew I talked to are intimidated by the NDAs they signed. Yeah. Although I've talked to two very prominent >> maritime attorneys who basically say those NDAs are not worth the paper they're printed on. But they the crew doesn't know that. They're just intimidated. They're afraid. The other problem in the industry we have to figure out how to circumvent is if you leave a boat after whether it's 14 days or 14 months, you have a gap on your CV and everybody's concerned about, you know, your next gig comes from the good reference you got from the last boat. So what happens when somebody decides to leave a boat and doesn't get that reference because of the circumstances? So I think we as an industry have a responsibility to find a way to greenlight that type of thing so that somebody doesn't can't be intimidated for speaking their truth or for telling or for leaving because of a bad situation. that those are the two reasons I see most dominantly that come into the conversation why things are not reported. >> I think one of the best things that's happened recently and not because I started a podcast but the voices you know the pe having the podcast formats >> you know and bringing these cuz you know your page could just be what happened with page could just be a social media post that last 3 seconds on your phone and then disappeared. >> Yes. But having longer format the issue is not going away. You know, we are continuing the conversation. So I think the game is changing and you know I can smell something. We're we're getting you know there is going to be a way to start really putting pressure on the industry to stop creating these black holes where these individuals, you know, get away with this. Right now, we're putting a spotlight >> and I'm very happy to be part of that growing group of industry professionals that are willing to put a spotlight on. And I know that, you know, the beauty of this podcast is it's unedited, uncensored. It's not monetized where people can pull funding and say, "You shut up." That's important. >> So, we can freaking talk about whatever we want to talk about. And I'm thrilled to be able to bring guests on board that are willing to speak their truth and bring these conversations to light. Listen shares, we got a fleet that's growing. I right now there's 600 plus yachts over 35 m in construction. I think there's 14 or 15 over 100 meters. 100 meter yacht sucks up 100 plus crew. You know, >> it's not really a yacht, is it? It's like a really glamorous looking cruise ship. Like I've got a really big yacht. No, it's a cruise ship but in a different shape. >> But you know, this is a lot of young people being pulled into this space. >> I think that's probably been a bit more of a positive because they have to be more professional because there is more bodies on board, >> right? But what they're doing now is they're pulling the better people into the bigger boats and they're leaving the vulnerable people in the smaller programs which are vulnerable because some of these boats are not regulated, they're not commercial, they're private owned often times. >> Yeah. So there's way fewer resources for young people to get into yaching as greenies into smaller boats where I think you have more propensity of having scoundrels. You know, >> it's just one of those things, you know, I don't like to be too, you know, on our podcast, we talk about the funny stories as well, cuz you know, if women just dwell on the stuff that happens to us, like I said, we'd just be depressed all of the time because it's just ridiculous. But, you know, it is what it is. Yeah. >> And the industry, you know, you do have incredible friendships and opportunities and you have experiences, >> but like I've said many times, when it goes bad on board, it generally is because it's an intensive, it goes really bad. There's no happy medium with it. There is nowhere to escape to, especially when you're talking about incidences of sexual harassment and bullying and stuff. There's nowhere to go. This is your work, you know, 247. Yeah. If you were in an office, you could go home and do you know what I mean? It's the same when they've said about children with phones, you know, bullying used to be just at school, but now there's children being bullied on. So the when the industry goes, you know, when it goes bad, you know, unfortunately, it just generally goes really bad. >> But for me, you know, this has been a real big journey. I mean, we talked about you learn more about yourself doing a podcast. That's right. >> Than I ever actually anticipated and it's really helped my journey. But it's really >> the industry can be the perfect hiding place for some really when it comes to females, very vile male individuals, >> And don't get me wrong, it can also happen. A man could sexually harass a man, but the stats are so, you know, the opposite. You know, at the end of the day, a man can bop another man on the, you know, hit him in the face or whatever. Do you know what I mean? If you were being harassed, >> physically, physical assault. >> Yeah. You know, like if you're being harassed and you don't like it, it generally leads to a fight and then they don't do it anymore. >> But obviously, the reason why male perpetrators, you know, women are easy targets because I could hit you in the face right now. it's probably not going to do much. So, there's a vulnerability for females on board and I will continue to endeavor to try and level the playing field. >> Lovely. >> And like I said, you know, the we're going back to where we're actually are the forum and mets. You know, this is probably the best >> part of the yaching location for the yaching industry to actually start talking about this. Probably the only one. You don't get to talk about this stuff at Monaco. No. >> Palmer's too small. This is the ideal place to bring these ideas and maybe changes to the forefront to try and make happen. >> Absolutely. Well, on that subject, they need to again thank Mets Trade for providing this wonderful studio environment and supporting us all week at this amazing expanded 2025. Superyacht Forum was incredible this year. >> It was really good this year. >> The people and the conversations and yeah, everything has a starting point. >> It does. And I'm thrilled finally because we did try in Monica. >> We haven't we not didn't happen but here we are and we're going to do more of this. I hope you can bring pearls of wisdom back to life in the near future. You've shared with me something we can't talk about but you got a little program coming up and I wish that only success. You sice I hope you have a delightful remaining part of your yaching career and hopefully many more of these conversations you and I can share together. >> Yeah. No. No, we'll be we'll be touching base next year. I imagine >> it's important. This is really important >> No. Amazing. >> Thank you so much for joining us. I want to say it's been a real pleasure and I just some great a lot of gratitude that we could do this. >> Thank you. >> All right. >> And until the next time, I'm out of here. If your brand belongs in the heart of the yaching world, this is where it happens. [music] Yaching International Radio reaches over 1 million yaching professionals and enthusiasts every month with 77 million impressions, [music] 220,000 social followers, and 74,000 podcast subscribers. Our hosts are insiders, crew, captains, CEOs, trusted [music] voices shaping the industry. This is targeted, highimpact advertising in a luxury [music] niche. Visit yaching internationalradio.com/advertise. Your audience is already listening.

- Crew Abuse, NDAs and Power Dynamics on Superyachts with Cherise Reedman | Yachting USA: Kind: captions Language: en [music] Sharice Reedman, welcome to Yata USA. >> Pleasure. >> What a pleasure. >> It is a pleasure. >> Yeah. We tried in Monaco and >> I know that was, you know, ships in the night. >> Yeah, that was exactly what it was. Exactly what it was. But I've been wanting to have this conversation. You got a great voice. Um uh you have a podcast yourself, Pearls of Wisdom. >> I do. I do. We're part of the same family, aren't we? >> We are part of the same family. I love that. It's good to speak with a sister. >> And uh I guess that makes me the big brother, right? >> Yes. And uh you know, we both have a passion for the adding industry. We both have a passion for crew welfare. I think I I I myself recognize the misogynistic nature of our industry, the history of a male-dominated industry. And yet I see the power and the beauty and and the uh benefits that the female voice brings to the industry, whether it's from design to crew or to ownership of of vessels or ownership of businesses or any combination of all that. So, um, it would be naive to not recognize that there are challenges and issues and, uh, need for some changes and you advocate a lot of that. So, I wanted to give you a voice on Yaching USA to talk about your path, your history and your vision. >> My vision. My vision. That's interesting. My path is probably been a bit I don't know [clears throat] like all we didn't I didn't end up setting out to be or where I was. It was never a plan or a vision. So, um I find it quite bizarre that we're actually sat here a lot of the time, you know, like when you go like going to Monaco, you kind of pinch yourself like, >> "Right, is this real? [laughter] Is this real? >> How did that happen?" Exactly. You know, um you know, I'm a girl from uh England, landlocked as well. I'm from the center of England, so there was no water around me whatsoever. So, >> she you lived on an island. >> Oh, yeah. you do, but like you know the sea's not anywhere near near where I am. Um but yeah, just you know I was normal girl kind of striving for the traditional family career and all of that kind of stuff. Um but uh 2008 crash happened. >> Yeah, it's real. >> Um and that turned you know quite a few lives upside down and mine was one of them. So I was working uh doing research for environmental engineering at the time. um we lost our funding um because of the crash and uh I it was just one of those serendipitous moments um like previously when I was 19 I'd done my working holiday visa for Canada had a fab time came back broke but had a great time >> there you go that's >> um so I knew that the working holiday visa for Australia existed um and on one of these very gray days like today in the UK I was talking to my best friend and she was like what do you want to do and I was mate, I'm just so I just wish I could get away. I just want to get away, but I've got no money. I've just had to get let go of my flat to move back into my parents house. So, I was feeling very sorry for myself at that time. >> Um, but my best friend worked for BA. >> So, she was like, >> "What if you just apply for the visa and I'll get you the flight to Australia and then if you get stuck at customs, sorry if there's any Australian immigration people. [laughter] Um, and they look for the five grand that you're supposed to when you travel and it's not there. You just chance it cuz they might they probably won't check as long as everything's done. So, I applied for the working holiday visa. My best friend got me a standby flight for £80 to Australia. >> Wow. >> I had £700 in my bank account. >> Wo, love this adventure. >> And yeah, just got on a flight, went to Australia. My friend was like, "Last as long as you can. Soon as you need to come home, just call me and I'll get you a flight back." Um, so yeah, I just fly by the seat of your pants, but I didn't I did the whole year. So I I managed to pretty much get a job straight away. I didn't stay I landed in Sydney, but I went over to Western Australia. Um, cuz I was just really intrigued in that area. >> Uh, Perth, so Cotloow Beach, all of that kind of area. Um, got a job straight away and then managed to do the whole year and then again kind of flying by the seat of my pants. Didn't didn't want to do fruit picking. Anybody knows about the Commonwealth is back in the day you had to do a to get your second year you had to go and do fruit picking. Um, and I was old and I just didn't want to live with a bunch of kids picking pineapples in a shed in Australia. I was like, I'm too old to do that. [clears throat] I'd just seen all these kids in a hostel. I'm like, I'm not I'm not not there. Okay. >> Um, so I did the same thing again. So I applied for my working holiday visa with I had more money this time. I made like nearly $2,000 um for New Zealand and then I was like, "Right, I'll go to New Zealand. I'll earn some money, save some money to go home cuz I was planning to go home, but it just never kind of happened." >> But in New Zealand, I got a job with a law firm. They sponsored me, so I stayed there a lot longer. >> Good stuff. >> Um so, you know, am I a bit of a daredevil? I suppose carefree, you know, was back in the day. >> That's all right. Um in our youth, that's a good way to spend our youth. >> Yeah. And then so I was in New Zealand desperately trying to turn into a hobbit. Um and >> how'd that work out? >> Uh my feet just never got hairy. Damn it. You know, damn it. >> Um so yeah, just had a really fab time. Lived with hippies down there. It was very eye opening experience. Just experienced loads of just fabulous stuff. Spent a lot of time in Queenstown looking at the remarkable mountains and stuff. But the call finally came from my mother going, "What are you doing?" Because obviously it's like five years. >> I'm living life large, Mom. >> Don't know. So anyway, a family friend suggested, "If you don't want to come back and work in the UK, like have you considered yaching?" I'm like, "What? What's yaching?" Um, so anyway, in New Zealand, did some research. I'm like, "Hell yeah, I can serve rich people drinks. That's not difficult." I'd done hospitality along my office career the whole time. I always had two jobs. >> Um, so did my research, did my SECW in uh went back to Australia, did my SECW and then when the weather turned in France, I went over and did the normal on. >> Oh, so you head back to the northern hemisphere and >> Yeah, I was kind of close. My mom was happy. I was close. Uh, like different hemisphere, so that helps. Um, and then just worked on yachts. uh until I met my husband. >> Wow. Fantastic. So, you you took an interior position on the boats. >> Yeah. Yeah. I'm not built for exterior stuff. I you know, I have helped out with the the odd wash down, but shammis are not for me to be honest. >> Good thing you didn't turn into a hobbit then. >> Yeah. You know, I like my hands soft. I love nice things. You know, you you get to see, touch materials, you know, wines, foods. It's just it's a different >> Yeah. No, it's it's fantastic. You learn a whole new load of things whether it's the history of the art on the on the yacht or where that you know stingray skin whatever cabinet came from. You know, you learn so so much. >> Um so yeah, I was all about the fluffy stuff on the inside. >> Well, fluffy stuff's important. It's why most high netw worth individuals like being on their boat. They they are surrounded by their fluffy stuff. Well, that's kind of ironic in the service. >> Yeah. Well, it's kind of ironic because obviously when you come to something like we are here to go to the CPO forum, they value it. But does the industry value the people that are providing to this is the question that's been raised? >> Yes, ma'am. >> I've been interviewing people involved with uh professional yaching association earlier this week. Um I swan um Sherp is coming into the conversation. organizations that are [clears throat] in purpose anyway, whether it's in practice protecting or helping or supporting yacht crew. And what's come out of these conversations is a consistent drum beat, a consistent message that while there is indeed a love for the industry and working on these boats and almost every one of, if not every one of the crew I've spoken to have had amazing, remarkable experiences. Unfortunately, without exception, every single woman I've had a conversation with has been subjected to sexual abuse, sexual harassment, verbal abuse, bullying, um ju just just unacceptable. And if it was 10% or 20% or 30% or even 50% of the people I'm talking to, I'm hearing this, it's like, okay. Yeah. when it's virtually 100%. That's when you have to pick your ears up a little bit and go, "Okay, there there's a fundamental issue." And and you can go back traditionally and say this is a misogynistic male indust male-dominated industry, which it is, >> but that's not an excuse for the way people hire and treat and and fail to protect, you know, the the the the women that are working in our industry. >> Yeah. It's I mean it's so my eyes have been open to it so obviously I married my husband had my daughter didn't want to not work and also because my husband worked in the industry didn't want to be disconnected from it. It was such an incredible experience but it's also still very much part of our family's life because my husband still works. So I wanted to do something and my exit out was really tough. Um I found it really difficult cuz you have to you know I was becoming a mom. I had to find a new career. right? You know, all of those things that underpin you as a human being and your own identity, right? >> All changed at the same time. So, I was really struggling. So, I just tried to find any information about what happened to the women after they've left, like where did they go, right? You know, are they all on an island waiting for me or like where what what have these women done next? So, just go and find any information. So, we started um the yacht pearls of wisdom community. So try to connect the women that have left together again, but also because the the balance of power on board and I use the word power um is is always slightly out of a woman's favor. Um and I mean that yeah well I mean that so you could hypothetically have a 26-y old chief stew, your captain's 60, your engineers 40. the power dynamic on board is always kind of out of kilter for the women on board. Right. Right. Um I use the example that you know my 26 year old self if my you know engineer or decky was getting out of hand with my junior stewards. My 26-year-old self wouldn't be as feisty as my now 45year-old self and tell him to you know >> f off. >> Yeah. Get out get out kind of thing. So the power dynamic is quite is is is quite different. So obviously start in pearls we wanted to go you know give them more support on board let them know that you know they unfortunately their experiences aren't unique we all go through it but you can surmount it women have gone on to do fantastic things create companies you know moved and create surmounted in insane obstacles and everything else so really positive thing um we launched we launched that um I was probably a bit naive and a bit [laughter] a bit like we're going to change the world and make the world a better Um obviously fast forward to now um we we we did it through a series of um events bringing women together. Wanted to create this huge platform that had loads of resources and everything else but couldn't get the funding for it. So you know unfortunately Pearls as it stands is kind of on hiatus. Okay. Um but only because there's also a lot of movers and shakers going on at the moment. So when I started there wasn't anything. Now there's a whole bunch that are doing stuff cuz mental health and harassment is a hot topic. >> It is. Well, [clears throat] it need it's it's it's hopefully it's coming out of the shadows. >> It is coming out of the shadows. I mean, I've just been hardwired into, I'll be really honest, the female experience cuz I don't, you know, I'm not saying that guys don't get bullied or harassed or whatever, but the stats and information that I've seen and everything else disproportionately is massively more of a female issue than uh than a >> It is disproportionate. There's no question about it. I can go back though to my time at sea um in the early 80s and it was almost exclusively men on board and I saw firsthand men being demeaned, bullied. Um sexual harassment wasn't much of a thing, but the other stuff was brutal. >> And um I've seen I I've seen grown men cry and I've seen men leave their profession. Um, so it it exists. It's it's it's a human thing, but but then add the you know the the you know the female into the mix and it's it becomes way disproportionate for sure. >> It's there is like and I'm not you know I've not ever been uh I wouldn't say I'm a feminist because there are is a whole bunch of blue jobs that I have no interest in doing. Um I think there is truly a place for males and females in the world and and their roles. They are great together but they are different. Um absolutely >> but on board um because of the work environment you know all teams whether they're on land or or at sea they all have their issues you know we're human beings at the end of the day you know you're never going to eradicate bullying unfortunately it's just you know there will be a human nature to it you know I think you know that you can lessen it but >> recognize you're going to go into some Darwin kind of stuff if you want to try and get rid of it selection >> yeah well no also whether it's actually good for society to even do that's a deep question but we won't go there >> but obviously I've just been hardlined into the you know the female experiences on board and what they're going through but you know what's been to bring back to here where we are and obviously you've been at the forum you know it was the the seminar on the changing code that we we both attended right >> highlighted that you know obviously mainly females are on the interior um minimum manning doesn't even count. >> Yeah, I find that >> the interior. So, it's a it's a team of people that don't exist. >> So, from a code point of view, you're not even of value. So, then are we surprised that when it comes to career progression courses made, there's no the industry doesn't see any value. And then obviously then you go into the behavior towards females, you don't see any value. So, it's it's kind of it's not a a straight issue. >> Nope. But this I have to say this I've been to the forum before. This this is a good it was a good >> I think this year was a good year because I think people were actively listening. >> Um I found a voice, you know, which was kind of fun. Um I've always kind of like stirring the pot, but it was was it was a good opportunity to to to speak up a little bit as well. And there was there was a lot of voices here that had legitimate and and profound things to say. >> Yeah. >> So, you know, >> and they got a chance to say it, which I would probably argue last year that was very >> was very much Yeah. was limit. And frankly, that's one of the motivations I have with this podcast is that while I'll never know the female experience, I love the idea of bringing women like you onto this show to have a voice and be able to share their experiences firsthand. >> I think women are fantastic. Um, and I don't think men truly understand how strong we are cuz you know, we do deal with probably similar issues in gravitas, but you've actually also got we've got a body that's constantly trying to sabotage us. Like the hormone thing is just not fair as far as I'm concerned. >> Um, but [clears throat] it's it's it's a complete it's a completely different experience, you know, realizing very simple facts. You know, obviously Ria put up a post today, you know, an auditorium full of women. And they asked um the women in the room, could you please stand if you've either been sexually harassed or you know somebody who's been sexually harassed, sexually assaulted, maybe raped? The whole entire room stood up. >> Yes. >> You know, and from my perspective, if I obviously got a group of women together and asked the same question, they would all stand up. It's I don't even think there's any, you know, unless you live as a nun somewhere. It's part of life for us. It's real. But then does that downplay it? Do you understand what I mean? Cuz it's so common and women just get on because if they actually stopped every single time, we would never get on and do anything. >> Right. Right. I think the the the the tipping point here or or if you will the the the way to make change is first of all comprehending and understanding. So, from the male perspective, cuz we're not in this space, and and it's interesting, too, cuz in this industry, um, unless you're actively working in the crew section of the industry, most people don't even pay attention to the crew interface with the boat and what that means. And yet every single business here and you walk the Mets and you see all thousands of these people selling equipment and parts and services into our industry. If they understood that dysfunctional crew pushes yacht owners out and we can't afford to lose the high net worth individual who's going to spend money and build a boat and build the next boat and build the next boat and hire all the crew and create these jobs and create these opportunities. It then becomes fundamental the the crew wealth welfare and well-being. >> Well, it's linked to excellence. So there was I forget her name but obviously on the first day of the forum there was a fantastic lady that comes from the luxury hospitality uh uh industry you know working with really big brand names and obviously her main point was she could not understand you know like giving the analogy um she worked for Rolex there is no way if I got a job for Rolex they would let me just go straight away go to one of their highest net worth individuals to sell Rolex with no training. >> No. >> And on board at this moment in time, you know, Interior can, you know, they're very comp, don't get me wrong, very fast learners, competent women, but they can do their SECW. They have no training in service whatsoever. They might not really understand the true art of service. Um, and I find it a bit weird that in this, you know, sevenst star industry that we're supposed to have that you've got the best of the best equipment, interior, everything else, >> but you're going to put somebody in front of that high net worth person that's not trained in in in the art of service. >> So, Shice, you're talking about the human factor now that comes into this. And this comes up again and again and again in that it's like we we have an industry where where we're talking about maximum quality and luxury >> and then you whether you're talking about classification rules or crew placement, >> it's meeting minimum standards. >> How do those two reconcile? And I go back to running a yacht management company, creating a budget for these boats, owners holding us to this budget. And part of the budget, significant part of the budget was crew. Crew training was either not in the budget at all or an infantessimal piece of it. And that is where I think yeah management companies need to have more courage and and more willingness to cuz they have got the voice they've got the ear of the client they got the ear of the young >> they have they have I mean I think from a you know looking at through the purely female angle you know it's always been an issue you know that's why Joey um and others started the guest accredititation you know to try and give value to the the you the interior type courses for for crew members. There's a lot of things that kind of you can kind of work out maybe getting in the way because obviously women don't exist in the industry as long as men. So obviously all these qualifications and everything that men are achieving through the bridge and everything else. You know, you can go on board and retire in the same career, >> right? >> Females, it's not the same. >> No, >> it's not the same. You get like, don't get me wrong, there are some incredible There are some, you know, there are some female captains that just get an amazing owner and they can keep going for longer, but most >> leave because either their looks have gone, it's just too physically demanding, they can't even get the rolls anymore, or they're having children. >> So, they're only in for a very small as far as the industry is concerned. So, are they not worth investing in? because they might only be around, you know, you're going to spend, you [snorts] know, being cynical, you know, sending a a stewardess on a five grand course and she's only going to stay in for another 3 years cuz she's going to get pregnant. That's a societal female thing. So, I kind of there are lots of things within the industry um and also the nature of how long a woman is in the industry um you could you could argue don't really work in our favor either. But the disparity, like you said, between wanting excellence and not investing in the main thing. You know, you could sail a boat from from point A to point B. You could have the best boat with the best technology, the most incredible techn technology, interior, everything, but if your interior team aren't functioning, that owner is going to have a rubbish trip. >> Yeah. Yeah. No question about it. The expectations are lost. Which means, if you want to put it really cynically, no tip. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> You know, do you want tip? Do you want tip? Do you want to make some money? Do you want them to come back? >> And so, it's it's here. Here's here's a little tie in, too, because not the the the abusives that happen on these boats isn't always from the guest or owner side. It's often times the the the the deck and the and the bridge and the people that are in charge. I hear story after story after story about that. I mean, just bring it down to the economics. If you're if you're turning your interior team into a dysfunctional unit, um, it's going to hit you in the pocketbook, too. Not that that should be the pocketbook that that that controls the behavior. It should be just good, solid human, you know, behavior that that that controls the behavior. But however, however you craft the conversation to try to change the outcome, um it all should come into that so that so that things are safe, comfortable, um with as little bias as possible. >> I mean, I'm I I think maybe next year we'll I will hopefully help pioneer a bit more. Let's just get real. And I think there needs to be some real hard truths. They need to hear the gruesome stories. You need to be in a room where they literally tell you story after story after story about what is actually happening to women on board. Cuz I think the industry unfortunately because of the nature of it, the transient nature, the you know the you know you can live five nine lives on board, you can reinvent yourself a million times. for perpetrators of sexual offenses. It's the most incredible hiding place. >> Can So, for the benefit of those listening to this podcast that have no freaking clue, would you be willing to give us an example, one story you've heard that resonates with you that's like this is an example of the kind of thing that do happen and this is what we need to stop. Well, the you know the the worst I've heard loads you know I'veard I've heard loads you know the most the most common scenario is that somebody will be a woman will be sexually assaulted attacked whatever most commonly she will be removed from the boat and she will be taken away and supported sometimes sometimes not. Um, I actually did a panel discussion myself at one of my own events where the supporting entities, you know, these groups couldn't actually agree on what to how to deal with a rape victim. And these are the ent entities that you're supposed to go for support or in a crisis. So, there's lots of there's lots of things. I mean, the worst one obviously that's really shell shocked everybody. Um, I mean, I've not been on board for 10 years. And when the story came out about Paige, I I think it's because I can literally close my eyes and be in an engine room and smell that smell of the engine >> and be in that kind of warm, musky kind of place, noisy. >> I was there and then obviously details kind of came out that, you know, she she you know, from my understanding, she put up a good fight. Yeah. And for those who don't know, >> this is Paige Bell who was murdered this summer in in the Bahamas. >> And and Shares, I have to say that >> coming out of that, >> you saw on all the social media and it seemed everywhere everybody was using her her her image and talking about the situation and arms are up and you know, >> the only reason you're talking about her is because she died, >> right? and and yet when I was in Monaco, I never heard her names mentioned this, >> you know, and and it's um >> the the the thing with the page situation and what you know, I've been asked to talk about it, but I I don't know. I don't like to I mean, we will talk about it probably at some point, but I don't have all of the facts. I'd like to have a bit more information before my, you know, my tooth pennithworth, but I know having spoken to other women that have been attacked and everything else. The only reason we're talking about Paige is because she was actually murdered. Yes. >> If she had been just raped, you wouldn't hear anything at all. There wouldn't be any information out there at all. No, >> she would have been bundled off and taken away and just, you know, is assigned to history. >> So, in a previous podcast, there's two stories that came up and I just add this to the conversation because I think again it gives perspective. One was the murder of my guest's best friend on a different boat. She was on there separate boats in AA and after this woman, she was poisoned at a at a at a club. Um she was not on the boat when it happened, but they had just come into Florida. >> Took a drink spiking. >> Yeah. And she went into a coma. While she was in hospital for four days, everything of hers on board the boat was packaged up and brought to her hospital room. >> The captain, the owner asked the captain to move the boat back to Morca. And the captain said, "No, we have potential crime going on here. We we got to stay." Owner fired the captain, entire crew, replaced the captain and crew, moved the boat. And you never heard about this the Jesse being murdered. It was just gone. Elle had an experience herself on on a boat. This is a 70 m boat. Um she was purser, had a department, had her own birth, own stateateroom. Um chef came into her room 5:00 in the morning naked and climbed into the bed with her. She put up a fight, pushed him out, brought everybody, all the heads department into the into the wheelhouse with the captain, said, "I need this guy taken off the boat. You know, I'm I'm, you know, I've been assaulted." Captain called the owner. Owner basically said, "Listen, yeah, this is not good. I don't I don't condone this. Um, we got a busy charter and I love this this chef's cooking. How about we deal with this when we finish the season?" So, guess who left the boat? >> The woman. >> Yeah. Yeah. And this and this is that you know I like I said I've been quite positive about this forum. I think we're headed in the right direction but my frustration is how much time do we have? You know I think that's having dealt with women's issues um through pearls and now with the super laundry podcast. I don't feel like we've got any time. How many pages does there need to be? how many other sexual assault like you know are we getting true stats about how many rapes there were this season this season in in Europe we're not getting the information >> there's you know the the the crew I talked to are intimidated by the NDAs they signed >> although I've talked to two very very very prominent >> maritime attorneys who basically say those NDAs are not worth the paper they're printed on that but they the crew doesn't know that they they're just intimidated they're afraid the other problem in the industry we have to figure out how circumvent is if you leave a boat after whether it's 14 days or 14 months, you have a gap on your CV and and everybody's concerned about, you know, your next gig comes from the good reference you got from the last boat. So what happens when somebody decides to leave a boat and and and doesn't get that reference because of the circumstances? Um, so I think we as an industry have a responsibility to find a way to greenlight that type of thing so that somebody doesn't uh can't be intimidated for speaking their truth or for for telling or for leaving because of a bad situation. That that those are the two reasons I see most dominantly that come into the conversation why things are not reported. I think one of the best things that's happened recently and not because I've started a podcast but the voices you know the PE having the podcast format. >> You know um and bringing these cuz you know you page could just be what happened with Paige could just be a social media post that lasts 3 seconds on your phone and then disappears. >> But having longer format the issue is not going away. You know we are continuing the conversation. So, I think the game is changing and you know I I I can I can smell something. We're we're getting you know there is going to be um a way to start really putting pressure on the industry to stop creating these these black holes where these individuals, you know, get away with this. Right now, we're putting a spotlight >> and and and I'm I'm very happy to be part of that growing group of industry professionals that are willing to put a spotlight on. And I I know that, you know, the beauty of this podcast is it's unedited, uncensored. It's it's not monetized where people can pull funding and say you shut up or, you know, so we can freaking talk about whatever we want to talk about. And I'm thrilled to be able to bring guests on board that are willing to speak their truth and and bring these conversations to light. Listen shares, we got a fleet that's growing. I right now there's 600 plus yachts over 35 m in construction. Um I think there's 14 or 15 over 100 meters. 100 meter yacht sucks up 100 plus crew. You know it it >> it's not really a yacht, is it? It's like a really glamorous looking [clears throat] cruise ship. [laughter] Like I've got a really big No, it's a cruise ship but in a different shape. >> Different shape. [laughter] >> But you know what I mean? This is a lot of lot of young people being pulled into this space. >> I think that's probably been a bit more of a positive because they have to be more professional because there is more bodies on board, >> right? But what they're doing now is they're pulling the better people into the bigger boats and they're leaving the vulnerable people in the smaller programs which are vulnerable because some of these boats are not regulated. They're not they're not they're not uh >> commercial. They're private owned often times. Um, yeah. So, there's way fewer resources for young people to get into yaching as greenies into smaller boats where I think the the the the you have more propensity of having scoundrels. young. >> It's It's just one of those things, you know, I don't like to be too, you know, on our podcast, we talk about the funny stories as well, cuz you know, if women just dwell on the stuff that happens to us, like I said, we just be depressed all of the time because it's just ridiculous. But you know it is what it is >> and the industry does you know you do have incredible friendships and opportunities and you have experiences >> but like I've said many times when it goes bad on board it generally is because it's an intensif. Especially when you're talking about incidences of you know sexual harassment and bullying and stuff. There's nowhere to go. This is your work. You know, yeah, if you were in an office, you could go home and you know what I mean. And it's the same when they've said about children with phones, you know, bullying used to be just at school, but now obviously children are being bullied on. So the when the industry goes, you know, when it goes bad, you know, unfortunately it just generally goes really bad. Really, really bad. >> But for me, you know, this has been a real big journey. I mean, we talked about you learn more about yourself doing a podcast. That's right. um than I ever actually anticipated and it's really helped my journey. >> Um but it's really helped me really find my lane. Like it's really urgent that we need to sort out what is going on with women on board. >> Um and we need to recognize the industry can be the perfect hiding place for some really when it comes to females vile vile male individuals, >> right? Um, and don't get me wrong, it can also happen. A man can sexually harass a man, but the stats are so, you know, the opposite. You know, at the end of the day, a man can bop another man on the, you know, him in the face or whatever. Do you know what I mean? If you were being harassed, >> physically physical assault. >> Yeah. You know, like if you're being harassed and you don't like it, it generally leads to a fight and then they don't do it anymore. Right. >> But obviously the reason why male perpetrators, you know, women are easy targets because I could hit you in the face right now. It's probably not going to do much. Um, so there's a vulnerability for females on board. Um, and I will continue to endeavor to try and level the playing field. >> Love it. And like I said, you know, the we're going back to where we're actually are the forum and Mets, you know, this is probably the best part of the yaching location for the yaching industry to actually start talking about this. Probably the only one. You don't get to talk about this stuff at Monaco. Palmer's too small. This is the ideal place to bring these ideas and maybe changes to the forefront to try and make happen. >> Absolutely. Um, while on that subject, I need to again thank Mets Trade for providing this wonderful studio environment and supporting us all week at this amazing expanded 2025. Superyacht Forum was incredible again this year. >> It was really good this year. >> The people and the conversations and um >> yeah, everything has a starting point. It does. And um I'm thrilled finally because we did try in Monica to see >> we have we obviously you know, not going to didn't happen. But here we are. And um we're going to do more of this. I hope you can bring Pearls of Wisdom back to life in the near future. You've shared with me something we can't talk about, but you've got a little program coming up, and I wish that only success. >> And you, Shereice, I hope you have a delightful remaining part of your yaching career, and hopefully many more of these conversations you and I can share together. >> Yeah. No, no, we'll be we'll be touching base next year, I imagine. >> This is important. This is really important stuff. >> No. Amazing. >> Thank you so much for joining us, USA. It's been a real pleasure and um >> I just am great lot of gratitude that we could do this. >> Thank you. >> All right. >> And until the next time, I'm out of here. >> If your brand belongs in the heart of the yaching world, this is where [music] it happens. Yaching International Radio reaches over 1 million yaching professionals and enthusiasts [music] every month with 77 million impressions, 220,000 social followers, [music] and 74,000 podcast subscribers. Our hosts are insiders, crew, captains, CEOs, trusted voices shaping the industry. [music] This is targeted, highimpact advertising in a luxury niche. Visit yachotting internationalradio.com/advertise. Your audience is already listening.

- World's Most Advanced Hydrofoil Boats Fly Above Water: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] i don't know if you can hear that but it sounds like they're literally cutting through the water and with those hydropowers underneath they kind of are the boats are so efficient and so powerful they can do four times the speed of the wind it's unbelievable who's fastest to mark one the boats are up and foiling this is sail gp a high speed high impact race featuring the world's most advanced hydrofoil sailboats eight countries with six crew soaring across the water at speeds of up to 60 miles per hour all thanks to an advanced hydrofoil design that means these boats aren't cruising they're flying as the teams prepare for their final race of the season we go behind the scenes to learn how these boats are designed and built to push the limits of physics and human strength here in san francisco the eight teams competing in sail gp are putting the final touches on their boats ahead of the grand final the world's best sailors are getting ready to hit the water in one of the world's fastest and most advanced sailboats the really interesting thing is they all use the same boat the f50 and that's what's behind me it's an incredibly streamlined boat this isn't the power boat that you're taking out fishing on the weekend the angles the shape everything about this boat is designed to get incredibly high speeds in the water it's kind of like formula one but for sailing each f50 takes about six months to build the carbon fiber design is based on the ac50 catamarans that were used by all the teams in the 2017 americas cup the wind power comes from a rigid wing the wing is modular the standard height for racing is 24 meters but it can be scaled up to 29 meters on low wind days and down to 18 meters when conditions are more extreme crew members use these controllers to fine-tune the position of the boat on the water correcting its pitch and the angle of attack and about a thousand sensors across the boat generate more than 30 000 data points making this one of the most advanced catamarans in the world while the electronics and sensors run on solar powered batteries the boat itself gets its power from the wind and the water and those high speeds are all thanks to some pretty simple physics so when you're watching a sail gp race there is a lot of action happening on top of the water with the crew manically moving about but the real action happens down here underwater now this is a hydrofoil it's known as the dagger board essentially it acts like an airplane wing so water moves above and below this foil which generates lift lifting the boat out of the water which reduces drag and that's where you get those really high speeds there are four hydrofoils on the f50 two curved dagger boards towards the front and two t-shaped rudders at the back when the boat gets up to speed on the race course you can actually see these foils lifting the hull out of the water sail gp has been running for two seasons with races in some of the world's most famous harbour destinations from santro pay in france to sydney harbour in australia have another iconic sailing backdrop as they tack between alcatraz and the golden gate bridge it's here that team usa is hoping to get their first win on home soil or home water at least leading that charge is team usa captain jimmy spittle spittle grew up in australia taking a tin dinghy to and from school every day and learning to sail instead of watching tv spittle took up racing professionally and became a champion of the america's cup racing seven times and winning twice now he's chasing a sale gp championship when you think about the speeds you know there's no seat belts there's no airbags you know you've got carbon fiber missiles you know launching around the track on the engine control look at the british boat leap out of the water if you don't get it right there's some serious consequences it's like getting in a formula one car when you make the turn while spindle is in the driver's seat there are five more crew members all working in sync to make the boat sail really fast at the front of the boat two grinders power a winch that moves the position of the big wing sail next up is the flight controller who controls the angle of attack on the hydrofoils this is very much like a gaming console a bunch of different functions you can perform the difference being is that instead of looking at a tv screen it's reality the flight controller determines how high the boat flies out of the water too low and the boat doesn't hit those fast hydrofoil speeds too high and it can become unstable and crash or even worse cap size behind the flight controller the wing trimmer controls the strategic position of the wing and then you have the helmsman where spittle sits driving the boat communicating with the crew and deciding how to attack the race course in 2021 sail gp added a sixth crew member at the back of the boat the strategist on team usa that strategist seat is crewed by 18 year old cj perez being in the sixth position or the strategist position you're doing multiple things so while all of the other roles they're being super focused on you know either driving or controlling the rake of the foils you need one person to really keep their your eyes outside of the boat so for me i'm looking at other boats around us making sure that we don't crash into anybody which has happened a lot this past season during the race there's no time for mistakes the crew communicate on headsets so they can hear each other over the roar of the wind all the buttons have raised surfaces so they can feel the controls without taking their eyes off the race the crew has to work in unison making split-second decisions while they fly through the water at 50 or 60 miles an hour and if that wasn't enough when they maneuver into the wind the team has to run across the sailboat and drive from the opposite side swapping sides is probably one of the most challenging things on the boat when you're going at high speeds racing the only way i could describe it it would be like honestly getting on the roof of a car blindfolded and someone just driving a rally course there's lots of points where it's just super high pressure and everyone on the team needs to stay calm and collected i think that's the point where the boat will go fastest all right so this might look easy because i'm doing it and i'm really tough but essentially when you are trying to steer and control a 2.4 ton sailboat this grinding job becomes very difficult what you're essentially doing here is moving this piece here which is connected to the winch which is connected to the wing now that's the giant sail and that's where you're getting all the speed standing inside the f50 you really get a sense of just how intense this racing is and i'm not even out on the water being hit by 30 mile an hour winds and huge waves cell gp is physically and mentally demanding and winning comes down to a mix of precision engineering strategy and pure human grit so when the boats come past behind me at speed you can see they're not actually sitting on the water they're actually lifted up above it and that's because of the hydrofoil underneath so australia's about to come past look beneath the boat you can see those hydrofoils the daggerboards sticking down into the water that's why it gets to such high speeds go australia seeing these boats up close out on the water you can really see just how fast they're going they whistle through the air when they get up to speed and when they maneuver it looks like they're turning on a dime because everyone is working with the same hardware winning is really down to the skill of the sailors reading the race and working the wind but the eight countries competing don't just use the same boats all the teams have access to each other's data so team usa can see the data of the australian team and australian team can see the data of the british team when they're on the water each of these sailboats generates roughly 1 000 data requests per second everything from the angle of the wing the load on the hydrofoils even down to how many times a button has been pressed on the steering wheel that adds up to 40 billion data requests in a single afternoon of racing no matter where they are in the world the sail gp boats feed all of that data back to an oracle data center in london from here in the san francisco bay the data team in london gets that information in 0.18 seconds that crew in london is also controlling one of the two cameras on the boat which can be moved in real time to capture the best angles of the race the data gives the crew vital stats while they race but the most important part comes after the racing is done when the team uses this information to study how they performed over every single part of the racecourse every time these boats are on the water we're learning it's all about the athletes on these boats and it's how they want to how they want to push the boat but they have the data there to give them the information of how to do that cell gp has only been running for two seasons and the organisers are already looking towards the future honing the boats cutting down race times and diving deeper into the stats on each boat and each course they're even looking at adding features like collision avoidance but ultimately while computers and data will always be a key part of this race you won't see ai driven boats on the water with cell gp anytime soon when everybody gets on the race course no one's got a faster engine or everybody's looking for the wind and therefore then it's all about the athletes rather than the the machines when it came to athletes and machines the grand final weekend didn't disappoint team usa had a huge setback on opening day when the spanish team crashed into their boat the us rallied and eventually finished third in the grand final behind japan and australia but it's not over the teams are heading off to bermuda for the start of the next season the f50 is the coolest boat in the world the hum of the foils and hearing the winches turning it just fills you up with so much excitement and nervousness just a ton of feelings and that's the type of stuff that you just live for the big question for me is do you get addicted to that speed are you are you like a total speed junkie now that you have to kind of go this fast yes yeah you can't go back i mean look once you get a taste for it you're always hungry for it and every time you go foiling you hit those top speeds you just want to wake up the next day and go for more you

  Top Comments:
  1. @oftenlucid [1 likes]: I was there for these races and anchored just outside the race course.  My friends all race on the bay and one pointed out that on their course, it would take anyone of us in our mono-hull sloops 45 minutes to do what they do in less than 2 minutes.   That is right and that floored me.
  2. @TheRealCreoleDeal: I get the idea that this is only a sport you can join if your dad was really worried about the Epstien docs being released.
  3. @easfgman4687: At what point do they stop being a boat??? Its not even on the water!! Lol > Those hydrofoils are only there so they dont break the rule that there has to be 1 part of the boat touching the water.
  4. @hs1916: I can feel the water spray on my face at this speed
  5. @steveirwin_8276: Aussie racing for USA! Traitor!
  6. @richardfoley-g4s: we nose the deep dive on positive gravity .. double deep diving on positive and negative gravity at the same time and sail that to wind them up ...
  7. @richardfoley-g4s: the feet are to walk on water like jesus
  8. @teklife: FAKE!!! this video is 100% AI. this sport doesn't exist, even this channel CNET doesn't exist! it's all FAKE! and the earth is flat, obviously, DUH!!! stupid people
  9. @peaceydanckwerts: Love it.
  10. @davidocchiuzzo1802: This isn’t a yacht race, I grew up in Newport. The Worlds Sailing Cup….
  11. @aamirshahzad1952: Like it
  12. @matthew.stevick: so cool
  13. @stephensjurset6832: Crazy stuff.
  14. @aaryavartsolutions5359: What if one falls and hits by a foil?
  15. @rueylung: hiw coukd i shop doesnt
  16. @rueylung: only good mmery is the best
  17. @mikecypret1045: Stupid inappropriate commercials, thumbs down.
  18. @tomjones6777: At those speeds, it seems the crew does not have much protection from collisions.
  19. @nonetaken7873: It's so stupid that they all use the same boat.  If they would let the teams run whatever they could come up with, the boats and technology would be just incredible.  The race organizer hamstrings boat development.
  20. @christiansmakingmusic777: But now it’s kot sailing anymore, it’s hydrofoiling, or perhaps more obviously, flying.

- S&P Rises as Chipmakers Lift Stocks | The Close 5/11/2026: Kind: captions Language: en The countdown is on. Everything you need to get the edge at the end of the market day. This is the close. The record run for U.S. equities shows no signs of letting up. Live from studio two here at Bloomberg headquarters in New York. I'm Romaine Bostick and I'm Katie Greenfeld. We're kicking off to the closing bell here in the U.S. and as Romain said, the S&P 500 hanging on to gains right now, even though you have that ceasefire between the U.S. and Iran on life support, that is according to President Trump. But the S&P 500 looking to stay green. A rally underway. When you take a look at the small caps, the Russell 2000 and higher by about 6/10 of a percent. Despite what you're seeing in bond yields right now, you can see the ten year Treasury yield higher by nearly six basis points. We had a sloppy auction earlier today a bigger tail than expected. That selloff accelerating after that. And you also see Brent uh rising as well higher by about 3% here a Romain retreating with a 104 handle higher prices on oil and well, that sloppy auction not enough to derail the U.S. equity rally. A six week rally for the S&P extending now into a seventh despite renewed concerns about military escalation in the Middle East, despite renewed concerns about a spicy consumer inflation print tomorrow, and despite renewed concerns about the true shape of the U.S. economy. So why exactly is the S&P on pace for the its 11th record high in the past six weeks? Well, here's Grace Peters over at J.P. Morgan Private Bank. The underlying driver is more CapEx being spent. And obviously that's not just associated with the AI build out. But if you look at governments directing capital companies also following suit, the most recent earnings that we saw the past earnings season saw a 12% increase in capital expenditure beyond high CapEx. And I do think that economic value is going to flow to owners of risk. So even with the S&P above almost every target Wall Street had modeled back in January, strategists still getting more bullish, said Gardini, who was among the more optimistic when he set a 7700 year end target for the S&P months ago, now says he's confident that the benchmark could reach 8250 by the time 2026 closes out, citing strong corporate earnings. That's about 11% higher than where we stand right now. Meanwhile, HSBC strategists, they're nudging up their targets. But they say that even with earnings remaining supportive, sentiment is on shaky ground. They cite the narrowness of this rally, which has the equal weight S&P underperforming its cap weighted further from another in each of the six weeks of this rally. Katie. Meanwhile, take a look at the, uh, the small caps versus the large caps here trying to do that through ETFs. Not exactly. Uh, sure, this is exactly correct, but you can see that the small caps have been bouncing back really tracking large caps as well on a total return basis. If you take a look at the iShares IR ETFs, which tracks the S&P 506 or S&P 600 Small Caps index, that is higher by about 15% on a total return basis. You compare that to the S&P 500 higher to the tune of about 8%. You can see that the little guys actually have been outpacing year to date, which I found interesting. Romaine, given the fact that obviously we paid a large amount of attention to what the mega caps are doing, what Big Tech is doing, but it's a good reminder that the little guys sort of the real read on the American economy also bouncing back in a big way. All right. I love that about you, Katie. Always looking out for the little guys. And so too is our next guest. As we kick you off to the close here on this Monday afternoon. Jill Kari Hall is head of the US small and Mid-Cap strategy over at Bank of America Securities. Jill, great to have you here on another record setting day, potentially for the S&P 500. But we'd be remiss and not pointing out the outperformance that we're seeing in the Russell 2000 on the day and quite frankly, as of late, here is there hope yet here that we actually see a broadening of this rally to the little guys, as Katie points out. Yeah, we've seen the Russell 2000 see a really good rally. And our view has been that the Russell should outperform this year and that small and caps could outperform the mega caps, given the fact that they're the ones expected to see a a bigger and more dramatic pickup in earnings growth, especially in the back half of the year. And you know, small caps are very sensitive to the manufacturing recovery. We've started to see the the ISM go back into expansionary territory since the start of the year. Um, so we have been positive on on that segment of the market. And they're still trading at, you know, more reasonable valuations than the biggest stocks. I am curious, so when you look at sort of the complexion of what's been moving in the small and mid-cap space, is this just sort of kind of a tech light, if you will, rally with all of those names tied to the I build out leading the charge, or is there something broader there? Well, I think you've certainly had areas that are exposed to to the I theme doing well. But, you know, also areas that are exposed to the manufacturing recovery to higher oil prices. Um, small caps do have more exposure to areas that benefit from, from higher oil than consumer sectors that that get hurt by higher oil. Um, so even though, you know, if if there are risks that the conflict is prolonged and if stagflation risks were going to pick up, which doesn't tend to be a positive environment, a positive environment for equities within equities, we have tended to see small caps outperform large caps um in stagflation environment. So um, you know, even if, even if those risks start to tick up, it could be an area that's, uh, relatively better positioned. Let's talk a little bit more sector specific here and talk a little bit about health care. When you look at the market through that lens, what do you see when you take a look at the smaller companies in that industry versus what's going on with the large cap? Yeah, this is an area that interestingly, we see some big shifts. Um, and we wrote about this last week where within our S&P 500 large cap work, we have lowered the health care sector to to market weight from overweight. Um, you know, just given some risks, the sector is starting to look less defensive with in large caps, you know, higher earnings risk, um, relative to history, more leverage, um, less innovation. So it's, you know, cheap, but maybe for a reason if these companies aren't, uh, spending as much on R&D and being as innovative, whereas for small caps, um, health care and, you know, biotech is a big, big component there. You know, that sector had been ranking very poorly in our work for a long time, multiple years within small caps. But now we're finally starting to see a shift. Um, you know, we're starting to see that, uh, the sector is ranking better in our work. It's starting to, um, improve in quality. So I think we're past, you know, peak low quality for the index where after the IPO boom, you know, the majority of health care and biotech companies that were coming out were non-profitable stocks, you know, non earners. And now the proportion of biotech stocks with no earnings is the lowest since 2012. So starting to see some better trends there for for small cap healthcare and small cap biotech and the fact that the M&A cycle has picked up also you know help sentiment there. Right. That's really interesting. I do want to talk a little bit about M&A, but also the point you're making, though, when it comes to the larger companies in the healthcare space, perhaps they're not spending enough on R&D. Perhaps that's a more longer term risk. But when it comes to M&A, health care is often highlighted as a sector where maybe you're going to see even more of a pickup than we already have. Does that benefit both of the size tiers or is that weighted more towards one one? Yeah, I think it's actually been. Been helping both, um, you know, smaller companies that are relatively more inexpensive tend to be the targets. Um, and that is a sector where, you know, in years of M&A pick ups, you do tend to see, um, healthcare outperform, uh, within small caps when these M&A pick ups occur. And then for the large caps, you know, we've actually been seeing the large acquirers within healthcare outperform following deal announcements. Um, there's still a lot of need for large pharma to kind of replenish growth pipelines with smaller biotechs. So if these companies are less innovative, this is, you know, one way they can potentially solve that by buying these these smaller companies. So we have seen a reward for there recently as well. A geologist real quickly, I am just curious also about the regulatory environment in Washington, which has shifted a lot. Uh, I think initially the general outlook was that this was going to be more in favor of what's been happening within the healthcare space here, but is there any concerns here that given some of the disruptions we've seen in some of the agencies and some of the potential departures that that could actually potentially work against some of these companies. Yeah, I think there's there's puts and takes in terms of the policy environment for health care. Um, you know, there could be the potential, uh, fiscal year 27 budget, you know, potentially could, could cut the, the spending for those departments, uh, related to health care. You also have, um, you know, a lot of, uh, government exposure in the health care sector in general. Um, but there's obviously been some clarity on, on some policy provisions that, you know, maybe help to ease some uncertainty. Um, and historically, when we've looked to the, you know, in midterm election years, this these have been kind of the best years of the political cycle for, for health care in terms of it outperforming. And we saw that in both small and large caps. Um, so, so kind of some positive as a negative there on the policy front for health care. Hey, Jill. Always appreciate it. Jill Kari Hall, head of U.S. small and mid-cap strategy over at Bank of America Securities, kicking us off to the close here on this Monday afternoon. We're going to go from the stock market to the housing market. Discuss the latest issues with supply demand. And yeah, that much talked about the terror attacks here in New York City. Uh, we're going to be joined by Betts Freeman over at Brown, Harris Stevens. And just a second. And from real estate investments to investing in broadband and communications infrastructure billionaire David Greene. He is the CEO and founder of Green Management, discusses his outlook for the space and where he's finding opportunities. And from one pioneer to another, we're going to talk about the outsourced CIO landscape with, well, a man who, to a certain extent invented it. John Hurdle, going to be joining us a little bit later in the program. You don't want to miss it. Stick around. This is the close on Bloomberg. New York Governor Kathy Hochul announcing a tentative deal to slap a tax on second homes in New York City as part of a $268 billion budget. Now, we've been tracking the tensions between New York City Mayor Zoran Mamdani and Citadel's Ken Griffin over the tax switch. Our next guest says, risks becoming a tax on the entire city's economy. Joining us live, I'm pleased to say, as best Friedman, she is the CEO of Brown Harris Stephens, overseeing 39 offices and more than 2300 agents across New York, Connecticut, new Jersey and Florida. It's great to see you. Thank you guys. So nice to be here with you. So let's put this terror attacks in context. As I read in the intro here, you're saying that this could really, uh, have ripple effects when it comes to New York City's economy. Just walk us through what you're seeing. Well, first of all, we're seeing buyers hold off on buying because they're not sure what's going to happen. There's enormous uncertainty around what this tax will mean. And no one is talking about what people may do. These purchasers have options they don't have to buy. They can rent these big, beautiful apartments. They can stay in hotels. They can do so many different things. Human behavior will change. As Charlie Munger always spoke about incentive. People work based off of incentive. And if people feel incentivized to buy in New York, they're not going to purchase here. And, you know, New York City for the property taxes are the biggest source of revenue for New York City's budget. So it could be sort of similar to what AOC did with Amazon is what Mayor Mamdani is doing with this. You know what he did with Ken Griffin? I think if you don't want to make people feel like they're not happy to be or they're not a part of the city, you want to include them. Well, it's really interesting. Uh, your comment on on renting that, you know, maybe buyers would be more likely to rent out their place. Maybe the people who would have been buying these second homes, uh, in the city, would be more likely to rent to sort of get around that. Are you seeing any of that behavior yet, or is is this too soon? I think it's too soon to see a change in that kind of behavior. But what we are seeing is that people have been out there in the market, are holding off right now. I've spoken to developers who are saying, you know, we had deals potentially, but they're saying, look, I'm going to wait right now. I don't know what I want them going to do. I want to see what happens with this potential tax, because a tax like this and what they're talking about could be egregious. And someone, you know, a second home buyer is not going to just pay that every year. And I think you're going to see, for example, the mansion tax. And the transfer tax brings in about .3 billion a year to the city. So what's going to happen to that number of people aren't buying here? That's going to go down. So that needs to be factored into it. It's not rich versus poor. We want the city to thrive. You know people won't build. You know contractors are going to get hurt. Union laborers are going to get hurt. Restaurants, cultural institutions. It's like the whole package that no one's talking about. Well, as far as talking about it, though, I mean, we don't even really have a formal plan yet? I mean, is there active lobbying? I mean, at some point this has to go through the city council. You've got to get pen to paper. I would assume there's a lot of runway here to negotiate. I don't know exactly what mom Donny's starting point is, but to negotiate down from that, right? Yeah. I mean, there are discussions about it. We have heard that this is going to happen. If you remember 2019, this was also proposed. They were trying to pass something like this. And because it's hard to sort of implement it and identify who these people are because the system is so complicated, they decided to drop it. And we're trying to explain to them that this is not going to be an easy tax to implement. Think about co-ops. That's one tax lot. How are you going to implement that with co-ops? So there's a lot of complications that I think people need to think about. Well on that on that front. Well, what about also the condo? There's been a lot of discussion about sort of the inequities and how condominiums have been taxed in the city. The idea that you can have somebody with a, you know, a six figure condominium basically being taxed higher than somebody with, you know, a multimillion dollar condominium. What sort of right sizing that maybe address the issue rather than just proposing a completely new tax all the way? We need complete property tax reform because our market is based off of assessed value. And so it's not market value. So if they're going to market value the 5 million and above who's going to assess those numbers. How are they deriving that market value. It's just it's super complicated. It's not just you sign it and it's going to go into effect and they're going to collect all this money. It's not going to happen. It's just a feel good tax. It feels like oh we're getting the rich but will you get the rich or are they just going to keep going to Palm Beach. You know I mean that's what's going to Well that's what I, I'm curious to get your perspective on because, I mean, New York has the benefit of being New York City. In many ways it feels like the center of the universe. But are you seeing more of a migration or talk of more of a migration to, you know, new Jersey, uh, perhaps Hoboken or Jersey city or Connecticut. I mean, that's been happening since the pandemic. People. There's been an outmigration and, well, they've been I mean, look, Ken Griffin said, you know, and Mark Rowland from Apollo also talked about maybe, you know, we're going to open, you know, maybe the South, maybe we'll build more in Florida. So we want people who are successful to stay in New York. It's helpful to the city. And I think people who feel like they're not wanted here aren't going to stay here and not going to invest here. We want to. It's an inclusive city. We're the melting pot, rich, poor, the middle. We want to keep everybody here. It's what makes New York, New York. So do you think I mean, do you think this tax will actually see the light of day? I mean, it's still in theory, a theory. There, there. You know, romaine, I wish it was go away poof. And they'd come up with some other ideas. Uh, but I do think they're going to implement this because they have to do something and it's only going to get, say, 10% of what the deficit is. I think they're saying 500 million. But our, you know, studies show that it would be a lot less than that. We're thinking somewhere around 300 million. So it's like such a little trickle. And what they need to get. But it makes people feel good because they're striking out at rich people. All right, well, I have to say something. Uh, you always care a lot about the best. My best. Freedman is the CEO at Brown, Harris. Stevens. All right, when we come back, we're going to talk about the public equity markets. Take a look at Hims and hers A shares rallying ahead of the company's earnings report after the bell. We're going to set you up for what to watch on that when we come back next here on the close on Bloomberg. Time now for our top calls. The big movers on the back of analyst recommendations. We start off today with Dell UBS downgraded to neutral saying I serve a Growth has largely been priced in and that the long lead times for component means any upside from those market share gains won't actually accrue until 2027. Dell those shares, which actually doubled on a year to day basis, having their worst day since early March. Next up Wendy's JPMorgan cutting to underweight the firm concerned that the burger chain sales decline could shake the second half recovery story, particularly given what the analyst says is, quote, suboptimal allocation of capital, as well as the fact that the company still hasn't found a permanent CEO. Those shares having their worst day since mid-February. And finally Goodyear Tire. Deutsche Bank slashing its rating to hold, lowering the price target to seven, the firm saying the company's recent results suggest significant raw material headwinds in the second half, confirming its high sensitivity to the Middle East conflict. Those shares down for a third straight day, and those are some of our top calls. Let's take a look at some shares that are moving to the upside hims and hers up for another day. The company set to report earnings after the bell, with analysts expecting the results to reflect pressure from weaker GLP one sales. Joining us right now to give us his insight is Brian Tranquillity, senior equity research analyst over at Jefferies, covering the health care services and health care. I.T. revenues 617 million. That's still growth. The margin is still healthy, Brian. But obviously, concerns about a potential squeeze when it comes to the GLP one side of this business. Anyway. Good afternoon. Thank you for having me. So yeah. So Justin Hibbs, I mean, the real topic here is what happens to yield these, right. Do you want from a 2025 performance where that $700 million worth of GOP revenues. And as most of you guys know, what happened was that earlier this year, him signed an agreement with Novo Nordisk to basically say, we're going to stop compounding or making our own versions of GLP, and we're just going to distribute a Novo Nordisk brand. And what that does is you're going from a very, very high margin book of business. When you're making your own or compounding your own version of GLP to one where you're just a distributor. Right? So this is a difference between, you know, 60 plus percent margin and, you know, somewhere in the low double digit margin range. And so I think what we were wanting to see is how low the guidance for 2026 have to come down to reflect this change in the economic dynamics related to GLP. That's interesting. So I mean, when you think about HEMS, you have the likes of JP Morgan saying that that noble partnership that you mentioned, uh, could mark a turning point in their words. You think about the significant legal overhang, uh, that that sort of had on the company and the stock does to some of what you were mentioning when you think about, you know, shifting to maybe a lower margin business sort of outweigh some of the factors of some of the benefits of moving that overhang. I think what we've seen here, Katie, is that we've seen the change in the multiple in the stock, right? I mean, the stock has moved up quite a bit here, partly also because of peptides. But we could talk about that next. But really as it relates to the GOP story, we've seen the multiple expansion to reflect the elimination of that overhang. Now in the in the meantime, though, I think numbers have not reset on the street yet. When you look at consensus numbers, they haven't really moved to the agreement with the now. So our concern is that while we have already reflected in the multiple, the elimination of the risks related to legal issues around GLP, the numbers have to adjust. So we're trying to see where that ends up. I mean, I think there's a little bit of expectation of a guidance cut here, or at least maybe pointing to the midpoint or maybe the low end of guidance. But if they cut the range, then I think there's downside risk to the stock here specifically related to the GLP. I am curious, O'Brien, as to what the longer term story is. I mean, this is a company to a certain extent, that it pivoted hard into GLP ones, or at least GLP ones, maybe pivoted into its business plan here. Is there another pivot potentially, uh, that maybe we can look to if for some reason GLP one has become a less of a contributor to the bottom line, then they remain. Like the real story here is that hims has created what it would should become a personalized medicine strategy, right where they bought a lab, right at the idea that you or I could walk into the lab, go for blood draw, and from there they can create a plan of care and then they run. These are the things that we can improve with your health. And with that, we can personalize medications that will, you know, improve your lifestyle, improve your well-being. And it is very, uh, targeted in terms of that could include the gap peptides, testosterone, all these things that are very specific to Brian. So those are the things I think that investors or consumers need to be thinking about. Is that right? We are in the beginning stages of personal like that then, and we actually are excited for what we can do there, because I think that built the asset to be able to become a really big and good player, that space. So that includes a lab. Brian, unfortunately, we're up against the clock. I hate to cut you off. Really appreciate the preview there. That is. Brian Tranquility, he is senior equity research analyst over at Jefferies. 3:30 p.m. here in New York. This is the countdown to the close on Romaine Bostick. And I'm Katie Griffin keeping an eye on these equity markets. Great to see the JPMorgan building. You know it would be great to say we were feeling a little sure that a few tall buildings high. But I really didn't like L.A. all that much. I got to say. Wow. Really? What what what what was what unnerved you? The sunshine, all of it. I don't know, there's a lot of construction. I didn't really understand where it was. The sprawl, the sprawl. Yeah, yeah, yeah. They're big on sprawl there. Yeah, I like five untold is, uh. I like being contained to an island like Manhattan. Yeah, yeah, back in our dirty, smelly city here. Yeah, yeah. Anyway, I. How about it? A really interesting note out from our peers over at Bloomberg Intelligence talking about how you think about the I CapEx surge has really been underpinning this equity market. I mean, think about what else it's fueling when it comes to solar, when it comes to battery, when it comes to gas, for example. Yeah, I mean, we talk about the flywheel, if you will, coming out of what started off as basically just folks buying chips. But of course, the power needs and the infrastructure needs in order to sort of see the potential of exactly what those chips are supposed to do. Has been to become a big part of the story, and we had a chance to talk to somebody a little while ago about how he's involved in it. Absolutely. Our next guest, he helped to build one of the largest independent wireless communication tower companies in the world, parlaying that experience into the self-titled firm that he now runs, Grain Management. We sat down with Grain Management CEO and founder David Greene earlier to discuss how AI is reshaping the U.S. power grid and where he's seeing opportunity right now. The trends are really strong, and, you know, there have over, you know, my 40 plus year career been various trends that have attracted a tremendous amount of attention and capital. Um, this is, you know, the same, but but very, very different in the sense that, uh, in many cases, there's been capital deployment and expansion in it in advance of something coming about that was going to take advantage of it. In this case, we actually have real workloads that are absorbing a lot of this infrastructure that's, uh, that's been created and there's no slowdown in this process, uh, that I can see. I mean, certainly looking out the next couple, 3 or 4 years, when we talk about the workloads and the absorption, there has been some concerns about the idea of the energy needs that, that, uh, a lot of these data centers and other sort of warehouses demand right now. And the idea that that build out to a certain extent, is lagging the actual build out of the centers themselves. Well, there's no question about it. As we as we said, you know, I've been following the electric, uh, electricity space for some time now and for, gosh, um, you know, for 10 or 12 years, we saw electricity demand declining. And then in the last 3 or 4 years, obviously, it's exploded. Um, we have seen situations where the grid within America is not necessarily ready for this kind of, uh, flow and Um, but I think there's time and a great opportunity to deploy capital in order to improve, uh, the grid and, um, and all of the transmission infrastructure, um, that's around it. Um, and, you know, look, it's it starts with generating capacity. Um, so we need to increase that, um, in America and ideally do it in a clean way. Mhm. Nuclear is sort of the cleanest option. Um, the cleanest, most resilient option. But it takes a lot of time is very capital intensive. Um, and uh, in many cases the execution could be unpredictable. So, uh, you know, we'll have to use fossil fuels, probably gas, to create more generating capacity in order to supply the electricity that we're looking for. Well, I'd love to talk a little bit more about your investments and your portfolio, because I was taking a look and, uh, about a month ago, actually, April 7th, uh, green announced that it had completed a significant preferred equity investment in Data Realty holding. That, of course, is the founding and controlling shareholder of Prime Data Center. So again, when you look at your lineup of investments here, I mean, how active are you looking to be right now in this environment to deploy capital? Uh, very active. Um, look, we only focus on telecommunications. I broadly defined broadband and, uh, and we are involved in every aspect, every subsector within that space, whether it's cell towers, fiber networks, spectrum licenses, data centers, managed service providers. So we're invested throughout the ecosystem, um, in the prime and in the case of prime data centers. Um, you know, there's three kind of types of data centers that we've been tracking for a long period of time. And my background started in the cell tower space, where there was a very high barrier to exit for customers. So I was always a little bit more interested in that space. And initially, data centers didn't feel like it had that kind of stickiness. So there was one type of data center that we really did like, which I'll call it telecom hotels. It's where a lot of different carriers are sort of in the same data center. So it's very sticky for that reason. Then of course there's enterprise co-location data centers where you might find a strategically important data center location for a couple of different, uh, companies that want to be involved in them. We think those are, you know, somewhat interesting. So we participated there. The hyperscale data centers had been something I was a little hesitant about just because, you know, I've seen capital plans shift from time to time and, you know, you you underwrite an investment and there's something called a J curve, where it takes a little while as you're investing the capital for it to begin to bear fruit. And, um, I was always concerned that, you know, if there were interruptions in that, you could find yourself a little bit upside down. So what we've done is one, we've been watching this trend of massive expansion, particularly by the hyperscalers, but then thinking about how do we generate them the the most attractive risk adjusted returns. Uh, and that may be by moving to a different place within the capital structure, and certainly being very particular about the terms and conditions that we agreed to. And we found something really special in this one. And it's interesting. I mean, you think about the lane in which you play in broadband and of course, telecoms. That's a broad church as you just defined here. But I have to imagine, uh, there's a lot of opportunities coming up to invest in the type of data centers that you just described. A lot of pitches, I would imagine imagine coming your way. You do have a target allocation here when you're thinking about your portfolio, when you're thinking about your line up. Because, again, I could imagine a situation where that becomes a very hefty weighting. So, uh, many years ago, I read a book by, uh, David Swensen, a, you know, a very, um, famous investor, uh, ran, uh, Yale University's endowment, and he wrote a book called Pioneering Portfolio Management, which really talked a lot about asset allocation, particularly the the intersection between public, um, investments and private investments. Um, so I've tried to adopt that to the way that I construct a portfolio, uh, and from, you know, it shifts from time to time. So in each of the funds that we may raise, there may be a different asset allocation that we're looking for. Just because the various investments within this space have different characteristics, whether it's the duration, um, that you want to hold those investments, how capital intensive they are after making the investments, uh, the kinds of returns that you can expect, the risks that are associated with it, the operational intensity associated with it. So taking all those things into consideration and knowing what the target return is from a given fund, we try to back into what we think the optimal mix would be. And of course, it's always wrong, right? You can't predict exactly how it's going to work out. But, um, uh, we've done a reasonably good job of, of, uh, filling the buckets the way that we like. And David Greene there, speaking a little bit earlier with us here on Bloomberg Television over at Grain Management. And of course, a guy who's, uh, really just had four decades of experience in the broadband space. He was there kind of in that big wave in the late 90s, uh, with the fiber buildout. And then, of course, that second wave was sort of the wireless boom. And now, of course, the big AI infrastructure buildout and how he's integrating himself into that as well. Yeah, really interesting to hear, you know, the parallels, uh, that he's seeing now between that, uh, fiber buildout that you mentioned. And also you think about his company that's been around since 2007, the the landscape, the sandbox in which he's playing, Uh, telecoms and broadband has changed so much in that time. So really interesting to hear his perspective. Absolutely here. And of course that has become a huge story. With that I build out on the power side, on the chip side and, well, it's become a capital market story as well. When we come back after the break, we're going to have our stock of the hour and it's not trading yet, but it's about to in a big way. We're going to take a closer look at AI chip makers Cerebus, which is set to IPO later this week. It's time now for our talk of the hour. And it's a stock that actually hasn't started trading hasn't even started listing yet. It's the River systems and it's set to debut on the Nasdaq on Thursday. It's an AI chip maker and it's increasing its estimate price range for the IPO today. Nor Melinda joins us right now to help us walk through what is going to be assuming that comes down the pike, the largest IPO of the year. This is a big deal. So give me a sense here. I mean my understanding of the picture. This is basically an AI chip that could potentially compete with Nvidia. Is that the main selling point here? But what's also interesting is specifically their technology. So they essentially feel as though they're they could create one enormous chip that can essentially do a lot of the different things in terms of AI that all these other companies are trying to So Nvidia actually uses a combination of smaller chips to get the eye work done. This company actually uses and relies on one enormous chip that they think can solve all of these problems. So you're seeing a little bit of a difference in terms of the actual technology here. And they're betting on the fact that it can outpace a lot of their other competitors. This enormous chip is still fits in the server hopefully. So there you go. And in addition to, you know, the piece of reporting we have out today on sort of the upside is offering, I thought it was interesting. We had a piece on Bloomberg last week basically saying that cyber risk is requiring limit orders from institutional investors, telling them to specify the numbers of shares and the max price they are willing to pay in its IPO. So just another sign of so much demand for this specific name. I mean, you talk about height, what does it look like relative to some of the actual fundamentals here? Insatiable. I mean, we're seeing that the IPO is drawn orders for more than 20 times the number of shares that are available. The company is seeking to raise about $4.8 billion, but also separately. It's just really interesting to see how we see all these people really interested in artificial intelligence. We know the demand is there, but it's still a bit of the hype that we're seeing more broadly. We talk so much about this, I care, but then I'm also looking at the stocks index. Take a look at some of those semiconductor stocks. And they're rallying a lot of those companies hitting record highs today. If you look on a more macro level stocks index up about 80% so far this year. Is there any talk though, that maybe that this new issue could actually suck a little bit of money away from some of those names? I mean, Nvidia has been a relative laggard. I mean, it's still obviously exponentially above where it was few years ago. But when you consider that phenomenal run and what's happened over the last few months, as everyone sort of looks to the broader AI ecosystem, I wonder if Cerebro is coming to market, maybe even pulls a little bit more money out of that. And what I'm hearing from the sources that I was speaking with, they're essentially saying that everyone's looking for another AI play outside of Nvidia. Those who feel as though they didn't catch it early enough, they're trying to find a company that they think could potentially do more or potentially be the next Nvidia. And so you may see a little bit of shifting in terms of where people are putting their money, but they're really trying to figure out where the AI boom is going to be. And so for many right now, clearly the numbers showing has a lot of interest there. Well, I'm just looking at the co-founder here, Andrew Feldman and CEO, just wearing a suit and tie. And this picture, I mean wears a leather jacket I'm sunglasses swag. You're not going to see the reception to the IPO. And then maybe you never know upgrade his wardrobe laying it out a little bit. Nora great reporting as always. that is Bloomberg's Nora. Melinda. Meanwhile, we are counting down to the close on this Monday. The closing bell is up next, and we're going to take you there with Ned Faber. He is the co-founder and CIO over at Cambria Investment Management. If there are risks that the conflict is prolonged. And if stagflation risks were to tick up, which doesn't tend to be a positive environment, a positive environment for equities within equities, we have tended to see small caps outperform large caps um in stagflation environment. So um, you know, even if even if those positioned to carry all head of, uh, U.S. smaller mid-cap strategy over at Bank of Kick in the soft to the close 50 minutes ago Katie Greenfield a market here holding on to gains modest gains but good enough for a record high. Yeah, absolutely. The color just needs to stay green on the S&P 500 and will have a fresh record high. You can see, though, that we've been paring some of the gains we had been building throughout the day, especially when you take a look at the Russell 2000 now higher by just about 3/10 of a percent. It's interesting though, again, the resiliency of this market. We've had a lot of tense words exchanged between the administration, uh, and their counterparts in Iran, president Trump saying that that cease fire is on life support. Maybe you're seeing some of those jitters come through in Brent higher by about 3% right now, but not necessarily, uh, denting the equity market too much. An equity market that, at least for right now, seems to be looking past. They're looking at corporate earnings and saying, at least for now, everything's okay. Joining us right now to count us down to the closing bells is MEB Faber, co-founder and CIO over at Cambria Investment Management, who runs 19 ETFs, at least I've heard. So I know you're going to be a fan. Matt, great to have you here back on the program. I'll start with the obvious question about this record run, about valuations in the market right now. And what do you think what we've seen transpire over this last six weeks is appropriate. You know, we were talking the other day, we said we're getting close to taking out the all time highs from the late 90s in the Cape ratio. I never thought I'd see that again in my lifetime, but we're about 10% away. Um, on the flip side, you see something like the U.S. stock market dividend yield just hit an all time low. Now, some people hear that and they run screaming, say the sky is falling. But part of that is true. The market's expensive. But the other part of that is that simply it shifted from dividends to buybacks. So it's not as bad as it looks. However, it's not great for the passive income crowd. There's actually negative yielding ETFs and dividend funds out there that have dividend yield in their name equity income. And because their management fee is higher and the dividend they actually have a negative yield. So weird times we live in. Uh, but we're at all time highs, and things seem to be cruising along just this nicely. But what does that tell you, though, about the potential for additional gains given the low dividend yield? I understand your point on buybacks having having supplanted a lot of that, but also just multiples as elevated as they are. A lot of questions overall just about earnings yield relative to treasuries. And now let's face it we're what I mean 8% up on the S&P 500 year to date I mean a couple ticks higher. That's four straight years potentially that we would have seen double digit percent gains on the S&P. You know we came on this program a couple of years ago. And we were talking with y'all about a paper we had written called The Bear Market and Diversification, where we said it's arguably been the best period in history for U.S. stocks relative to everything else, both in terms of years in a row, in magnitude of outperformance. I mean, pat yourself on the back. US equity owners, it's been a ten bagger. If you've been in the QS or something else has been a 20 bagger, but very quietly over the last couple of years, despite the fact the S&P is still cruising along. Did 17 last year up decently this year? Other things have started to outperform. Last year it happened to be a lot of foreign stocks. You had things like gold. This year it seems to be everything small, which has been forever in the dumpster, has started to perform value, foreign value, on and on. You're seeing a shift, maybe a disturbance in the force. We'll see how long it lasts, but we think it definitely has legs. It's interesting. MEB I mean, I've been looking at the small caps all day, that outperformance and really all year. And, uh, it's fascinating. You take a look at some of the flows, especially as measured by ETFs. It feels like investors are really hesitant to put money behind that outperformance. And I wonder what you make of that. Is this just a case of there's been too many false starts when it comes to sustained outperformance? I'm going to group them in the same group as foreign stocks. And let me tell you why. You know, I feel like I'm the just the keeper of a lighthouse out in the ocean a couple of years ago. I used an example. I was chatting with you. I said, look, Nvidia's hitting all time highs. This is in 24. I said, everyone's talking about it as they should. Amazing. This is one of the biggest company in the world now. But I said there's actually South Korean semiconductor stocks that have been outperforming Nvidia. And the one that I use in the show is called Han Me, which nobody's heard of and still hasn't, you know, was trading at 75,000 at the time. That stock today is at 400,000. So if I was to tell the listener and say, oh, hold on. That can't be right. So you tell the listeners, how much do you think the South Korean stock market is up in the past year? Most people say, I don't know, 2030. It's been a triple. So very quietly, when you have these countries, these sectors that are trading at very depressed low valuations, um, and then they go from being kind of a terrible situation maybe to slightly less terrible or the valuation multiples start to expand. You know, we have a emerging market value ETF world that most people here value. And they don't hear tech right. That's a top two sector in that fund. And so there's opportunities elsewhere where the valuations are half or a third of the U.S.. And you're starting to see those really accelerate. Well MEB I do want to rewind a little bit and talk about the flip from the bear market and diversification to now the bull market in diversification, as you're calling it. I mean, what do you think that the the catalyst was necessarily what do you think actually started the wave and started that shift? Oh, uh, it could be a couple of things. Uh, the biggest is just gravity. You know, we we see that a lot of these assets. And this is a story as old as time going back hundreds of years, where you see assets that have just been depressed for a decade, two decades. I mean, China's stock market went nowhere for three decades, uh, a couple of years ago. And so you can compare it to stocks versus bonds, small cap, large cap, gold on and on, and they go through cycles of time in the sun and time in the shade. And so this has been such an extended period. Every meeting I've had with the financial advisor for the past 5 or 7 years, we bring up four and we bring up emerging and they're just like, oh, I don't even want to talk about it. Gross. I'm nauseous. I just had lunch, like, let's move on. And then you see the performance come online. Last year, one great year. All of a sudden two great years. And all of a sudden you see it shift. All of a sudden people saying, I know I need to buy some. I just haven't yet. And so almost I mean, I can count on one hand the people that are even market weight foreign equities, which is a third. Um, which is a huge move for a lot of people. You're seeing that. It feels like it's shifting a little bit. Um, part of it, you talk about catalysts, the dollar rolling over, you can talk about macro events, you can talk about inflation. Uh, it kind of all works together. We got to leave it there. Uh, we got to get you back, though, because I really want to get your thoughts, particularly over the next couple of months on some of these big IPOs coming down the pike out of the eye space. Of course, with Cerebus later this week, potentially anthropic and obviously the granddaddy of them all, space, uh, coming down the wire sometime this spring or summer, that Faber co-founder and CIO over at Cambria Investment As we move closer to these closing bells on this Monday afternoon, the S&P setting up for yet another record high 7410 and change as we move closer to those closing bells. A full breakdown of all of today's market action starts right now. The closing bell. Bloomberg's comprehensive, cross-platform coverage of the US market close starts right now, and right now we are two minutes away from the end of the trading day. Romaine Bostick alongside Katie Greipel, taking you through to that closing bell with the global simulcast. We're joined now by Carol Massar and Tim out of it in our New York studios. Welcome to our audiences across all of our Bloomberg platforms, television and radio. Our partnership with YouTube here on what looks like a yet another record setting day for U.S. equities. Nice job, by the way, over at Double Line you guys. Thank you. That was really interesting. It was you. You're welcome. I thought you did a good job. Good job to all of us. Except for Tim at Milton. We also did a really good job. He did a good job, too. He did a bunch of Bloomberg Quicktake. I was holding on the for it. You guys, you guys check it out, okay. I I've been liking the, uh, the post on Instagram about your, uh, your interview with the NASA administrator. Jared Isaacman, he believes in life out Beyond. Beyond the intelligent life that he's, you know, found so close to here. I want to believe. Um, well, I want to believe that today was like Romain said, I the record. I want to believe that Monday is almost a year. I find it notable that we also, you know, given the the challenges that continue in the Strait of Hormuz and oil prices rose yet again today by 3% for June and July futures for WTI and Brent. We still had stocks move higher. Yeah absolutely I mean we're going to finish well off of session highs. But uh yeah you had the rise in oil. You also had the rise in yields. We had I believe it was a three year auction that didn't go over too hot but still record highs a record highs a record high. Yeah, a narrow rally, though we should point out that the majority of S&P stocks in the red on the day, but still getting a big lift on the day for names like Nvidia, Tesla as well as Qualcomm. The closing bell is coming here in New York with the S&P 500 camped out just above 7400. Kind of closed higher on the day by about 2/10 of a percent. The Dow Jones Industrial Average up more than 90 points or about 2/10 of a The Nasdaq Composite adding about a 10th of a percent, while the Nasdaq 100 up about 3/10 of a percent, and the Russell 2000 getting in on the action as well, higher by nine points or 3/10 of 1%. Back to the S&P 500. We got most names actually lower in the Katie about 288 losing ground. On this Monday you had 215 higher in the Monday session and none unchanged. And an interesting split when you take a look at the sector level as measured by the circle, you can see a sort of a patchwork there of green and red energy on a percentage basis. Was your biggest gainer higher by about 2.6%. Materials, industrials, tech also rising by 1% or more. In terms of what didn't work on this Monday. Communication services down by about 2.3%. You also had consumer staples that sector off by about 8/10 of a percent. So let me go to some of the gainers. Um, and you really had uh, some mega outperformance once again in those semiconductor names. In fact, you had the Sox, you had Intel, you had micron. Yet Qualcomm all at record closes today. Just let's go through some of the numbers 8.5% higher roughly on Qualcomm 6.5% higher when it comes to micron You had Intel also higher up about 3.6%. And if you look at the Philadelphia Semiconductor Index up about 2.6%. So you saw this group again extending the gains that we've seen already this year. That's after we saw record highs in a lot of the names on Friday. The latest latest surge boosted by continued investor enthusiasm over AI and infrastructure build outs. Then Zynga talking about Qualcomm saying, uh, are citing the CEO. They are saying the smartphone era may be nearing its end as major AI companies quietly work on next generation wearable devices powered by advanced AI agents. So you have that going on. As for Intel yet, Barron's reporting that the stock is up on reported second huge chip customer and that Intel is in talks with South Korean chipmaker SK Hynix about providing chip packaging technology to integrate high bandwidth memory and logic chips. That's according to that report from or a report from Z. Uh, ZDNet Korea. And they remember it was just last week that Apple and Intel seem to be reaching an agreement on early chip making agreement that came out from the Wall Street Journal, but our own team earlier last week had given a heads up on that happening. Just so much going on when it comes to the semiconductor. And just real quickly, something a little bit different. Ticker M and D monday.com limited rallying nearly 23% intraday shares rising after the more than $3.8 billion market cap. Software company raised its full year forecast for both revenue and adjusted operating profits. Stock, though down about 50% year to date, nearly 15% of the float short stock is down more than 80% since November of 2021. So the longer story not so great. You can just see that chart right there. But nonetheless investors finding some interest in it on this Monday. Well, on this Monday I'm finding some interest in some stocks that moved lower. I want to start with one of the worst performing stocks in the S&P 500 on a percentage basis today. That would go to the Trade Desk down 6.8%. It's an ad tech company, and it has just been getting absolutely beat up. It's right now trading at what? About $21 a share. You go back to, uh, just end of 2024. This was a 40 stock. So it's down just about 85% since then. Fell again today. Uh, this after the analyst over at HSBC cut his recommendation, uh, from uh to reduce from hold. Uh, this after earnings last week that disappointed a lot of investors. That was back on May 7th. Also want to look at Tyson Foods on a day when we're expecting some moves out of Washington. Uh, the company fell by 1.9%, the Wall Street Journal reported the white House will temporarily cut beef import tariffs. The president said at a Monday news conference that he's working on getting beef prices down. Smithfield foods also fell today. Uh, also finally, Sally Beauty Holdings, we just spoke to Denise Paulinus, the CEO of the company. They reported earnings earlier today. Shares fell today actually had its worst day intraday. Going back to 2023. Sally Beauty ended up falling on the day. Uh, in addition to um just an outlook that didn't make that you know really investors were a little worried about. They had a good they had a good earlier quarter. But investors are worried about, uh, what the company said when it came to the outlook. The company also said they're watching lower income consumers. Uh, and there's more frugality when it comes to those consumers. Let's get a quick check here on yields. The seesaw that we've been seeing in recent sessions where you're up one day, down the next. We're up here on the day pretty significantly here, up about five basis points. But at 4.4 on your benchmark ten year yield, you see the somewhat status that we've been in here, uh, relative to the last couple of weeks here. That's going to be sort of a big challenge going forward. Not so much for what bond investors are looking for, but equity investors, of course, trying to price out the next direction and how that might actually feed into their projections for stocks going forward. Meanwhile, we do have some earnings crossing the wire, his and hers reporting. And the big headline here is that they're cutting their full year adjusted EBITDA forecast. Uh, when it comes to what they see, they now see full year adjusted Ebit, uh, between 200 and 70 $5 million to $350 The previous range that the company had given was between 300 to $375 million. You can see the chairs are popping right now, though higher by about 8% or so. I will also point out, uh, when it comes to the first quarter adjusted or when it comes to first quarter EPs that missed estimates as well. They also downgraded where they see second quarter adjusted EBITDA there. So we're going to read through this and get you more details. But you can see that uh shares higher after hours. We know that uh, it's been a really rocky year for hims in hers health, especially when you think about the back and forth and now partnership with Novo Nordisk. And I want to take a look at another stock here. Do you remember the New York Times shares you go back to like late 90s, early 2000, and it was this idea that shares were just on the steady decline. And then something changed big time over the last few years. And a lot of that had to do with its big push into games. Yes, crossword puzzles and of course, Wordle, which of course became a sensation there, uh, you know, in the paper on your app or whatever you recall is now going to be an actual game show on TV. I love it. Can you believe this? I love this, too. I got to tell you, I play it like every My husband sends me it in the morning. He plays it as soon. Um, I don't know what your word is. I've actually been playing it on the train, and somebody, like, looks over my shoulder and is like, I gotta get a better first word. I'm like, I like my first word. What's your first word? You know, Ed, you added you. Oh, that's a lot of love. Does that count? If it's like, no, you'd be amazed at what kind of counts. I never quite figured out how to play this game. I mean, this is like started by just some, like, random dude in there. Yeah, he's some of the times I sold it to the New York Times after a few months. He did it for his girlfriend. He sold it to New York Times after a few months, after it sort of went viral for the low seven digit figure. And it's just so. Yeah, reminds me of, you know, kind of when when Instagram was sold to Facebook for billion, it seemed like a lot of money. And they've turned Facebook has turned that business into such a huge business. The New York Times has turned Wordle into a huge business, and now it just games over. Anyone who has a New York Times that, you know, it's like it's it's like they're proliferating. It's like, you know, the little gremlin things, you know, you feed it after midnight and all of a sudden you wake up and there's like 20 new games and Carol's gaming right now. Look, I go through like Wordle, I do connections, I do mini like like connections. Like the mini they have that. They have the the real crossword puzzle. You know, they're smart people. They have the mini now. They have, what do they call it, the mini and the middle one now. Yes, they have the minutes. It's out of control. Exactly. What is this stuff? I don't know, I don't love pips, though I pips. No, I ever invented pips. It's. It's not just the New York Times. You think about LinkedIn also introducing puzzle games well, on their website and their app. Uber is an app. Michael Bloomberg has the pointed quiz on point, which is very. It's taking the world by storm. Yeah, alpha dots as well. So am I. Am I am I getting this right that the guys who are playing the games, Katy and you and I are? Um, I feel like Ramon has games that he plays, but perhaps they're different than the games that we play. Sorry, bro. No comment. So I could get that one right? Tim, I don't know what you're looking on, but, you know. All right, apparently, we have to go. Um, yeah. What a shame. Fun and games over now. Okay. All right, all right. That is a wrap on this Monday. Uh, our cross-platform radio, TV, YouTube Bloomberg Surveillance crosswords. Fun to have a face all together again. Kidding. Remain, of course. Continuing on the close on TV and Tim and I right here on Bloomberg Businessweek daily and Bloomberg Radio. Folks, we will see you again. Same time, same place tomorrow. When we come back here on Bloomberg Television. We're going to talk about outsourcing your CIO role and talk to a pioneer in that space. John Hurdle is going to join us when we come back. Stick with us. This is a close on Bloomberg. Welcome back to the close. I'm Katie Greenfeld and I'm Romaine Bostick another record setting day on Wall Street. We start the week here. This is going to be assuming that today's gains actually do hold into the end of the week, the seventh straight week of gains that we've seen for the benchmark index, a huge rebound rally off of those lows from late March. The S&P only adding about 2/10 of a percent on the day. But for a lot of folks, that's good enough for most of the juice. As you can see, you're going to find that in the chip space. You're going to find that in the energy And believe it or not, you're still going to find that overseas more outperformance on a day to day basis by emerging markets relative to developed. Let's take a look at some of the biggest movers when it comes to these U.S. equity markets. I did want to highlight. You mentioned this was your biggest percentage gainer in the S&P 500 higher by about 16.5%. That is on incoming Nasdaq 100 index. Inclusion certainly shares skyrocketing a different story when it comes to Dollar General. You saw consumer stocks in general fall today a lot of worries about inflation We know it is a hefty week when it comes to inflation. Reading shares down by about 7.6%. And also want to highlight what's going on with alphabet, because this company is on the cusp of overtaking Nvidia as the world's largest company. But you can see it got a little bit farther from that threshold today, shares falling by about 3%. But let's get to our stop. Top story this hour, and that is a pivotal week ahead for markets as investors ready for fresh data. The end of the Jerome Powell era and a high stakes meeting over in China. The week kicks into high gear tomorrow with April CPI print, which is likely to affirm Americans growing frustration with inflation. And then on Thursday, it's a critical moment for the world's two largest economies, as Trump and G meet followed. As I mentioned by Fed Chair Jerome Powell, term ending officially on Friday remain absolutely well to digest. What all this means for markets is John Hurdle, founder and executive chairman over at Hurdle and Company, best known for its role in pioneering the outsourcing model for families and institutions and now managing roughly about $26 billion for those families and institutions. John, it's great to have you here on the I do want to start off with the record highs and the potential risk that either are or maybe are not being priced into this market. And kind of how you see them as we kind of move into the second half of this year with a lot of big question marks about, well, let's just face it, everything will remain. First of all, it's nice to see you. Um, you know, the markets are always priced at equilibrium, so there's never been a time when it's easy. Every time you buy something, someone who sells it to you, every time you sell something, someone buys it from you. So there's always this tension about what next. And markets are expensive now. But we've we're in the middle of a transformational technological change. And it's hard to really underestimate the power of the earnings. So it's always about buying future cash flows. And right now those future cash flows are growing fast. So give me a sense here when we talk about those future cash flows, certainly within the context of the I buildout, do you feel that the market is in lockstep or on pace with what those future cash flows might be, or are you concerned at all that they might have gotten a little bit too far ahead? We're definitely concerned. Uh, we can't look at this p multiple and not be concerned and look at the price. The Peg ratio the PE to growth ratio, even though the growth is, is great. Uh, how consistent is and how long will it last? Um, is for example, of price action in semiconductors. Does that mean that semiconductors are no longer a commodity? And somehow the cycle has changed so that even if they are still a commodity, the cycle so long that they no look, no longer look cyclical. And that creates a different kind of a pricing structure. So it is you know, I love the John Maynard Keynes quote that, you know, there are two types of forecasters in the world, those who don't know and those who don't know, they don't know. And so, you know, we want to basically participate, not predict. We want to we want to. You can't predict who want to participate and prepare. And the way you prepare is to make sure you've got enough things away from the stock market, cash and bonds and so forth. So then when we get into that inevitable decline. We can weather it. I do want to also get your thoughts on private markets and some of the developments that we've seen there over the past several months, because you think about 2025, it was all about expanding access for retail investors into private markets. And then it feels like after you saw what happened with the apocalypse at the start of this year and all the redemption requests coming through into those semi liquid funds, uh, in the first quarter, that now there is a bigger conversation being had about liquidity, expectations and how those stack up against returns. And I just wonder, you know, how you're thinking through some of those different crosscurrents and what you're hearing from your clients? Well, people don't understand that. One of the big reasons there's a structural advantage in private markets and they are inefficient. One of their inefficiencies is that they're illiquid. There's even a thing called a illiquidity premium. So they are illiquid. There's no way to pretend they're not illiquid. And if somebody puts a wrapper, there's no wrapper that you can put around private markets to make them liquid without diminishing their returns. If they ever become liquid, they will no longer be private, and then we'll lose some of the advantage, the return advantages that we have. But they're advantages are structural. They're not passing. There are about 8 million privately held companies in America. There are 4000 publicly traded So that's 20 times as many investment And they can only private equity investors can buy them. And then they can make them better and sell them. So there's a huge advantage over just buying something passively. That is that is very broadly covered. It's very hard to get an informational edge. In many cases, it's illegal to get an investment information edge in the public markets. The private markets are not going away. And so we still like them. You know, we had a conversation with Jed Coates over at J.P. Morgan Asset Management at the Milken conference last week, and he made broadly the same point, saying that you have to remember that just because you have a vehicle that offers more liquidity, it doesn't make the underlying asset more liquid. There is a mismatch there. And so you like the private markets. You don't think they're going away necessarily. But do you think that, you know, this this episode, this experience that, you know, some of these individual investors have had over the past several months, whether that might sort of dim or dent demand going forward. Well, um, so private markets have this fundamental appeal. Um, you can't make them liquid, as we said before. But the thing about them is they're a there's a very broad distribution of returns. So it's not like public markets where most managers a difference between a good manager and a bad manager in public markets is 200 basis points, 2%. The difference between a good manager and a bad manager in private markets can be 25%. So it's really important that you can get into that top quartile of managers. Uh, and it's a lot harder to do in private space. So that's the thing. It's really a manager driven market. It's not a beta market. It's an alpha market using industry jargon. Um, so the thing I would say, Katie, going back to this issue, and I know you wanted to talk a little bit about Osho, but this is a classic where investment products shops, the big, you know, big large scale product shops are thinking of a way to get the private markets into the public hands because it's great for So what has happened in the past when people do that is these investments are sold, not purchased, meaning there's not somebody out there saying, gee, I would like a really this kind of a structured investment. What happens is the sales teams and the author of glossy marketing material come to these retail investors and say, you should buy this product. We're an informed buyer like a chief investment officer would look underneath the wrapper, say, wait a second. This isn't what I hoped I was buying. So I'm worried that there's going to be a lot of, uh, you know, wrapper placed on this and trying to make it look appealing when fundamentally it just can't happen. You can't have an illiquid asset become liquid without giving something up. That's very important. Well, I do wonder how much harder that might make your job. Uh, particularly given the blurring of the lines between public and private markets, the idea that, of course, you're going to have managers now, you know, to a certain extent, uh, managing the private products alongside the public products and marketing them in a way where maybe they're rubbing shoulders. Is that going to make it harder for, you know, you know, we're a professional service firm. We're not a product shop. So we sell we don't sell products. Um, so when you look at these, the continuum of public to private and different kinds of assets, certain assets are better invested through private markets and certain assets are better invested through public markets. Public market managers have a huge chance. I'm shifting gears here a little bit, romaine. So I really have a very hard time adding value above the appropriate index. Some people are measured against the wrong index, but if you have the right subindex and you measure the manager against that, there are structural disadvantages for the public market. So the opposite of private market. So the cheap computing power and the consulting industry, all three of them make it very different, very difficult rather for public managers to outperform their index, private market managers, that's a different story. There's still great managers in private space have a persistence of All right, John, that's a good place to leave it. Really appreciate your time. That is John Hurdle. He is founder and executive chairman of Hurdle and Company. Now coming up top executives set to join President Trump on his trip to China. We're going to break down what to expect next. President Trump's trip to China, drawing leaders from Wall Street to Silicon Valley, Tesla's Elon Musk, Apple's Tim Cook and BlackRock's Larry Fink among a slew of more than a dozen executives set to join President Trump's summit with China's XI Jinping. Jordan Fabian he is Bloomberg's White House and politics team. Li joins us now to discuss so. Jordan, again, we're talking about more than a dozen executives in total here. What is the thinking behind assembling this specific policy and bringing them to China? It's a group that has people who have been close with or are close with Donald Trump, including Elon Musk and Tim Cook, and then others from a wide range of industries. Uh, and that will give you a roadmap of where those deals might lie that President Trump might announce in Beijing. You have representatives from tech, aerospace, Finance. Uh, so that gives you an idea of, of where, uh, you know, again, some of those announcements might be, you know, Boeing is, uh, teased a big purchase of 737 Max jets. Um, one interesting omission, though, is Jensen Huang, the Nvidia CEO. So, uh, unclear how much chips are going to be on the agenda for this one, but, uh, we'll have to wait and see. Uh, I know it's, uh, kind of, uh, you know, run of the mill, uh, to invite these types of executives along on this big trip here. But it seemed like the expectation going into this, Jordan, was that this was going to be a conversation between XI and Trump, much more about what's been going on with regards to, uh, the energy markets, what's been going on in the Middle East, what's potentially going on in Taiwan, what does it signal about the fact that he's bringing along all these business leaders? This is going to be more about trade deals, economic deals, or is it going to be more about dealing with some of these geopolitical issues that have roiled the world for the last few months? Well, if you look back to the president's trip to Saudi Arabia last year, he brought even more CEOs with him. And and they were inking deals on the sidelines of that summit with Gulf leaders. And I would expect there are going to be deals struck at this one. But as you pointed out, Ramon, he's entering this summit. The president is on his backfoot with the Iran war going on. Uh, he's he's got this, uh, energy crisis abroad. It's create a diplomatic crisis for him with allies and a political crisis for him at home. And so he might be just looking to GE to help get Iran to reopen the strait, uh, help him relieve some of those consequences. And that could prevent him from digging at some of the deeper issues in this relationship. There's that one year trade truce out there that could be renewed. But if you're looking for a longer term truce or even addressing some of those issues like export controls and some of the other things that roiled the relationship yet last year. Most people expect there's not going to be a lot of headway made on those issues. Sean Fabian down there in Washington, as the president of the United States, set to depart after that meeting with his Chinese counterpart in tow. A slew of U.S. executives, but a lot of big questions, of course, about what is actually going to be on the table. It's going to be about the economics and the trade, or is it going to be much more about some of those geopolitical issues? We're going to have that conversation when we come back after the break. But Daniel Tannenbaum over at Oliver Wyman. This is Bloomberg. A call to diplomats, corporate executives from the U.S. descended on Beijing this week for that summit between President Donald Trump and XI Jinping. The talks, scheduled for Thursday and Friday, expected to focus heavily on the conflict in the Middle East and its impact on global trade. Joining us to discuss what to expect is Daniel Tannenbaum, partner at Oliver Wyman and senior fellow at the Atlantic Council. I assume topic number one is going to be what's been going on in the Middle East, particularly with the Strait of Hormuz and Iran. I guess my question for you is what, if anything, could these two nations even broker to bring this to an end? It'll be interesting to see. I mean, this has been long awaited. The white House is super excited for It sounds like China's rolling out the red carpet. And let's remember, the blockade gives a little bit of edge on leverage. China buys 90% of the Iranians oil. So they do need the supply. Even with the reserves they have. You know, what will be interesting to see? And I know the balancing act, the U.S. does need China, to a certain extent to help step in on Iran, but they don't want to give them a win to make it look like they're the great global peacemaker. I don't know how he ultimately squares that circle. China needs its oil. Trump needs the strait open because we're going to face food shortages in 6 to 12 months if you begin to play out what's being held up. But I do think that's the real question mark is how far does the president go towards asking XI for meaningful help to get Iran to back down and reopen the street? I guess my question, though, is, I mean, it's been two and a half months since this war began and China has been conspicuously quiet in this. I have no idea what's going on behind closed doors, but publicly, we really haven't heard much from them at all. And I do wonder what that signals about their stance on the situation in the Middle East, and whether there will be a real topic of negotiation later this week. Well, you've seen this in other conflicts with Venezuela. They really put out statements. They didn't really do anything. They were the ones who had tankers that continued to flow through the Strait until President Trump put the blockade in place. That actually gave them a bit more leverage over China. That is a bit of the question mark. I mean, this is not good for the world, for agrarian economies where fertilizer shipments are being held up, where helium shipments are being held up, that are used in semiconductor manufacturing. All of this takes time to get itself out in terms of impacting economies, but we haven't really seen the full impact yet. So I do think China sees this. The question is who's able to walk away looking like a winner here? I do want to get your thoughts on a question that romaine posed in the previous block, because we were talking about, you know, this big delegation of corporate executives expected, uh, to accompany President Trump to China. You think that Elon Musk, Tim Cook, Kelly Aubert from Boeing, the list goes on. We're talking about more than a dozen executives in total. Does bringing along a posse of corporate executives sort of shift the attention more to trade away from geopolitics, or is that just too big of an elephant in the room? They're going to attempt to, but not successfully. How much trade can happen when companies have to bring clean devices into a country to actually operate there? I mean, that's not really an environment where you'd be excited to deploy additional capital and resources. So I do think realistically it's going to be a distraction. I'm not sure you're necessarily going to see such meaningful deals announced. Other than I know there's a big, long awaited Boeing deal that will likely be announced with their CEO coming along. But beyond that, I'd be surprised to see anything else that they do that every year and they always buy planes. I mean, that's going to buy planes. Well, there's not that many places to buy them, right? Say the Boeing. Airbus. Yes. Fair enough. Let's talk a little bit about Taiwan too. That's expected to be on the agenda. We know there's a lot of daylight between the U.S. and China. Uh, when it comes specifically to Taiwan. I mean, are you expecting any sort of breakthrough, any sort of headlines I worked in Taiwan and China for years. It's hard to separate hope from what I think might happen. I mean, there's been fear of President Trump abandoning the strategic ambiguity position for a decade now. He hasn't done it. Will he do it now in the face of what's already happening with Iran to open up another potential conflict? I don't think so. But again, you never know. I mean, he really likes the personal relationship he has with XI. she is a pretty experienced operator, but I would be surprised if there's any meaningful policy change out of this trip. Yeah, I am curious. I mean, the other elephant in the room and there are multiples, but the other one is of course what's been going on with eye on technology. Obviously, the U.S. restricting the export of a lot of our highly, uh, more technologically advanced chips to China, China now blocking, uh, certain, uh, partnerships, if not outright acquisitions involving Chinese and U.S. firms here. Any chance we see any type of softening in those stances? I don't think we will. I mean, again, you've seen a very different approach in Trump 2.0 to how these issues have been raised. He hasn't been tweeting them or Truth Social posting them. He hasn't been making big statements. These policy has been consistent, but he hasn't been talking about it as much to try and leverage as much of a detente as he could coming into this summit. He really does want to find a way, it seems, to find some sort of balanced partnership. But I don't think there's no sharing right now. And there's multiple stories, including on the Bloomberg saying that the Chinese companies are finding backdoors to get our chips. The US companies, to a certain extent were authorized to buy. Yeah, 200 chips, which hasn't actually happened yet, but that was a pretty interesting transaction. To allow licensed goods to go to China hasn't really been delivered on. I mean, they've talked about working together on I mean, this isn't going to be, I think, a meaningful event later this week, other than to show that the two world's largest powers can peacefully ish coexist. Well, Dan, just to tie it all together before we let you go, I mean, what would success coming out of the summit look like for the U.S.? What would it look like for China, and how different are those two things? I think success would look like President Trump finding some assistance out of China, although them not being the drivers of getting the strait reopened. I think any thoughts that Iran is going to give up their nuclear weapons program as part of these immediate talks is a bit off, given the new leverage that they now have really in perpetuity, but some degree of assistance from China to unblock the strait and to get goods moving, with some reasonable assurances that boats can transit freely again. That would be the win. I don't know how the president does that without having to, you know, partner, and put his arm around China to do together. But that might not be the worst outcome either. All right Dan great to get a little bit of a preview with you. That is Daniel Tannenbaum. He is partner over at Oliver Wyman and senior fellow over at the Atlantic I will just note Romane when it comes to that list of executives. Uh, someone who's not going to be there is Nvidia's Jensen Huang. And I thought that was significant as And he actually said that he would go if he had been invited. So I assume that means he wasn't invited. I mean, just reading the tea leaves there, I think that is the consensus. But maybe there wasn't enough room on the plane. Yeah, maybe. I think he can afford his own, though. Oh, I don't know. Anyway, let's take a look at shares of hands after hours of your questions, or Jim's going to. Uh, I don't think so. But maybe it would give the stock a little bit of a lift if that was announced, because shares are about 10% lower after hours, remember? Initially, there was a knee jerk higher after they announced missing Wall Street estimates, sort of narrowing their range for full year adjusted EBITDA. You can see now shares really taking a dive again down 10%. Well, the age of AI is threatening to reshape swaths of the global workforce. It's also running parallel to the age of longevity, with people living and staying productive longer. Our next guest. Bread and butter is redefining how companies approach an aging workforce. And she has a new book out called The Age Rebellion Supercharge the Second Half of Your Life. Joining us right now here in studio two is Lindsey Simpson, founder and CEO of 55 redefined, an enterprise age intelligence and tech solutions platform. Leslie, great to have you here. Thank you very much. Let's talk about, uh, the aging of our population. We've talked about this a lot over the last few years. Uh, obviously with the advancements in medical sciences, people are living longer. They're also living healthier, which of course, has extended, uh, their, uh, their lifetime in the workforce. And you sort of posit this idea that companies haven't quite caught up with that or embraced it. What's happening? Yeah, 100%. We have added 30 healthy years to life expectancy in the last century alone. Yet we're still designing our companies and our workforce strategies as if it was a century ago where we still got the same retirement age and we're still checking people out, really in their 50s and 60s in terms of the value. Now we have a predominant over 50s population and they are the fastest growing element of our workforce and of our consumer base. It's really important that companies lean in to see that as a growth lever, an opportunity rather than an economic drag. But but historically, we know I mean, we'll just be delicate about that. But a lot of companies, they look at older workers, they see them as a drag. Usually they're higher paid, even though they are more experience. And the idea is they feel like, okay, we can get someone half their age to do the same job for presumably a lot less There's also the issue of benefits. Uh, obviously, aging brings a lot of other challenges with people having to take care of elderly family members, things like that that you don't necessarily have to deal with with the younger workforce. So how do you sort of square that circle to show that there is an advantage of keeping these people around? So you're talking about their ROI return on investment. I talk about ROI, return on experience. And what we see is when you look beyond the paycheck, um, what we see is that an over 50 worker is 200% less likely to take a day of work sick than a colleague under 30. We see that they are five times less likely to change jobs in the first 18 months, which brings down attrition and hiring costs massively. When you look at large global organizations and when it comes to customer outcomes and revenue generation, they are disproportionately at their worst. So when we start to look at the real data picture that's happening in organizations, we see that that ROI, that return on experience pays more dividends than the paycheck. We'll talk to us about what companies are actually doing. First of all, whether or not this is even recognized as a problem, this age problem, and if so, if it is acknowledged, I mean, what corporations are actually how they're addressing it. Well, we work with over 300 global corporates, and they will include names that you will recognize like Amazon and AXA in Asia. And what we're seeing is that they have recognized the fact that they are missing the missed middle of their workforce. They've been focusing their talent strategies on early careers and youth, but with the lowest birth rates on record, we're seeing a diminishing talent pool from that line. Whereas if we start to lean into our midlife and our mid-career populations, then we unlock the biggest opportunity for our businesses, and that's productive growth. And if we can then extend careers by five, ten years, which is invariably what we do with the large organizations we work with. We see that retirement savings gap close, which is essential for our economies, is essential for our Our talent and skills crisis that we have across many industries. But it also is essential to us as humans who don't want to be checked out of life and work, you know, halfway through our time. Well, as you said, I mean you work with hundreds of multinationals. Uh, you say that you've created the world's first age intelligence platform. I want to understand a little bit more what that is, what age intelligence means, what your platform actually does. Well, it does two things. It's called me redefined and it's game changing actually. So for the individual they go into a bit like this, a movie set scenario, whether the lead actor in hero in the story of their life, but the script is only halfway written because they're only halfway through the life. So we'll take them up to writing their 100th birthday speech a bit like Sir David Attenborough this week, and we take them then right back to today. And what does that mean for the next five years, ten years and career, life, work, finances. But for the employer, they get the holy grail, which is age intelligence. When are people thinking of retiring? You know, you can't in the US ask somebody, when are you going to retire? Because it's an illegal question, but we can aggregate and anonymize that data and start to see the risks and the patterns. And where do we lean in? I do like to ask you about the timing of this, and this is more of a US specific question. There's been a big push back, um, in the United States over the last couple of years, uh, to diversity, equity and inclusion programs. And you might have thought there were age under that umbrella as well, even though that's not the intended target, it's more mainly primarily been about race and gender, but I do wonder as to what the uptake can be from the boards and the C-suite here in the US, at a time where there is so much scrutiny on anything, even potentially perceived, a special treatment for any one particular class. Well, this is nothing to do with diversity, equity, inclusion. This is a mission critical and economic challenge for businesses. And there is a push, but it has nothing to do with that diversity equity, inclusion. That is that's very true as well. But the two key things, if we look at wealth and I is two major categories. So within the US the wealth distribution is narrow. 83% of the wealth is held by over 50 is now the fastest growing cohort. And customers over 50 digitally in the US would make up the third largest economy in their own right globally. And so ignoring that consumer spend for products services solutions is commercial suicide. And if we look at I, I demands experience. You need your most experienced workers to train the large language models to interpret and reality check. Make sure there's no bias built into the system. But also we're saying the AI is changing the landscape and redesigning roles, and actually it's creating this demand pool for the older workers. The final bit, just which is very much in the press at the moment, is everybody is in the eye. Race is it's no longer about chip availability, it's about energy. And if you just have to look at the energy sector anywhere in the world, and 60% of the energy sector is staffed by over 50 employees. And so they can all afford to leave, they can shoot off into the sunset. And if we don't shore up that talent, then we don't have energy. And we don't have AI in data centers. A really fascinating conversation. Appreciate you making time for us. That is Lindsay Simpson. She is the founder and CEO of 55 redefined. Now still ahead, Diane Swonk of KPMG joins the program to break down what to expect from tomorrow morning's CPI print. That conversation. Up next. Call. Investors are in key economic data this week, including tomorrow's CPI print and that inflation report or the last few data points trickling in ahead of the end of Chair Powell tenure. Joining us to discuss is Diane Swonk. She is chief economist over at KPMG. So it's inflation week Diane because we've got CPI, PPI import prices all coming in the days ahead. All of those wrapped into PC, which we know that the fed cares about. And they come as we're trying to really still map the the fallout from the war going on in Iran right now. What are you expecting when you take a look at tomorrow's CPI print? But what we're going to see is sort of an 0.6 percent month over month, 3.7% year over year on the core. Stripping out energy and food probably be up 0.3 percent 2.7% year over year. We are going to get an adjustment on the shelter costs, which are going to be sort of outsized in this report. But the important issue has been that the war has been an accelerant to an inflation that's already proven sticky to the Federal Reserve, and I think that's important. This is more than just an oil shock. It's a supply chain shock reverberating around the world. But it's boosting a lot of costs out And most importantly, it's happening at the same time that we've seen very sticky service sector inflation and some signs. And I think more confirmation on that tomorrow that service sector inflation is accelerating again. And that is what we're seeing in the E And I think we're going to see from this week an acceleration in service sector inflation as well. And that's why so much of the Federal Reserve is starting to shift from, you know, the thought of another cut to a hold or even a hike in wanting that optionality. In the Federal Reserve statement as Like we saw at the end of April. Well, that's where I wanted to go. You think about, uh, the fact that the fed is going to meet again in mid-June and we're going to have a new fed chair, uh, at the helm here with Kevin Warsh lead fed. We know that Kevin Warsh is leaning more to that rate cut cam. But you think about where inflation is expected to fall, where the labor market is expected to fall as well. I mean, how do those different components sort of inform the trajectory ahead. Well, it's really hard. The underlying labor market numbers are not as good as the payroll data. And the overall unemployment rate suggests. We know that underemployment has actually risen quite a bit. But what's important is that can the Federal Reserve cure what ails the labor market without derailing inflation? We're five years in now. There's a credibility crisis, I think, with the fed emerging, and it's not all of their fault. That said, it is their job to derail inflation and there is some muscle memory out there, not only among firms in their ability to pass along tariff costs, which we've already seen in goods prices, but also the pandemic costs that we saw. And then on top of that, these additional costs push inflation. At the same time that the labor market, I really don't think anything the fed can do can cure it. And those input costs are also causing some of this undercurrent in the labor market and uncertainty regarding everything from how I could reshape business models to the war itself, and how it will conclude are all affecting the undercurrent in the labor market that the Federal Reserve can't cure with rate cuts. That means they need to focus on inflation. And we know from research from the pandemic that when you get multiple shocks at the same time, you got this high level of uncertainty. You get a much stickier bout of inflation, and that is not something we want, but it gets it. This idea to sort of these regressive taxes that keep being heaped upon the consumer. I mean, a couple of those, obviously the big inflationary ones with energy, uh, throw tariffs in there to a certain extent. And the idea that these almost seem outside the purview of monetary policy to fix at least a fix in any sort of meaningful way. They're certainly not all the result of monetary policy. You're absolutely right. But at the end of the day, it rests on the fed shoulders to make sure that this inflation is derailed. And one of the things I'm very concerned about is we are seeing inflation expectations, even in the New York Fed survey move up a bit in the long term, remain sticky, elevated, about almost a half percent, 4/10 of a percent higher than they were pre-pandemic. That's important. And we know that food and energy. The basics of life. The basics of getting to your job. Of being able to keep food on the table. Those are some of the most salient prices for consumers and have the most risk of on anchoring and on tethering inflation expectations after we've already had a bout of it. Now, we're not expecting a repeat of the 1970s, but it really is important in this context that the fed sort of really stay at least minimally stand pat on rates. But I actually think they should be hiking rates by the end of this year to derail this inflation. So we don't have to deal with a much more corrosive bout of inflation, which is already left too many with the level of prices out of reach relative to their incomes. All right, Diane, I have to leave it Diane Swonk, chief economist over at KPMG, setting up nicely for what markets will have their eyes on over the next 24 hours. And of course, it does include the US CPI report at 8:30 a.m. eastern time tomorrow. but we're also going to get, uh, some earnings as well, uh, throughout the Before we get there, we do get on holding Under Armour and Oakland reporting earnings. And then at 6:00 am eastern we're going to get the NFIB small business sentiment reading there. So that I know this is informative. Yeah I'm always into this I know it sort of gets overlooked a lot. But you just talk about just how important small businesses are to our I mean we talk about the S&P 500, you know, you know, spoiler alert it's small. Businesses are really make up the crux of where our economy goes. We'll make it overshadowed again tomorrow because as mentioned. 8:30 a.m.. 2.5 hours later, we do get that CPI Uh, expecting another acceleration on headline there. Uh, but certainly to a lesser degree than we saw the previous month. The 2 p.m. we do are going to get the, uh, budget, uh, balance out of the US fed and then are going to get some more fed speak. New York Fed President John Williams and Chicago Fed President Austan Goolsbee among those speaking. We'll cover all that right here on the close.

  Top Comments:
  1. @JuperneleNgoma [1 likes]: Je veux pas quand proisone me affaire
  2. @JuperneleNgoma [1 likes]: Salut est ce que sa va  mieux
  3. @deejaxn4603: 🥸✍🏿🐻🦍👾💱💥⛳🌍💹✊🏿🇺🇸🧭⚓⏱️👑
  4. @ShoeString13: Stock tip😂
  5. @T4KKFI: 32:23 Nvidia won’t be the only player in the circle
  6. @Christopher-f3h1o: Kospi 🎉
  7. @RaisFirdausVlog: war make market blending, go go war USA Iran everyday 😍😍
  8. @AdnanaliMagan2025: Well actually but you can open the shopping centre and supper market to be a good so you can open the hotel and restaurant inoder to drink a coffee and vegetables and chicken and eggs and some things else which I can't conclude in this short time that is good so you can open the stores inoder to pay the suger and floor and oils for it to you and your future that is good so you should buy the clothes to be a good so you can buy the iPhone for it to you and your future that is good so you can buy the lordcars for you to be a good so you can buy the car in your future that is good so you can buy the electric viecle for you to be a good so you can buy the beyond that you have a good so you can pay the storms in your life with you and your future that is good so you can pay the telecommunications costs for you to be a good so tracking to be a good so you can buy the jewellery in your future that is good so you can buy the sports stuff for you to be a good so you can buy the stake on it for you to be a good so you can buy the fishing in your future that is good so you can sell the house in your future that is good so the honey is very good so you can go to the inside including immigration nominate you to confirm your future that is good so you can go to the patrol and your future that is good so good luck baby bye bye ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
  9. @seemev2.0phuckbootube78: market is now a casino