- Florida aims to bolster hurricane response with teamwork and new technology: Kind: captions Language: en First this evening, a massive statewide effort is underway to make sure Tampa Bay is ready for hurricane season. You're watching 10 Tampa Bay at 6. I'm Courtney Robinson, -- and -- I'm Dave Wagner. The scars after a damaging hurricane season are still visible across much of Tampa Bay from new technology to strengthening teamwork tonight. State leaders are looking at the future of hurricane response. Tampa Bay's Erin Parsigian is here with a look at some proposals and what it could mean for homeowners across the state. We're coming off one of the costliest hurricane seasons in history, and as Florida has become a leader in its emergency response, improving it is still a priority. Months after a busy hurricane season, its impact still top of mind. A coordinated response from the state down included rescues, repair, and deploying aid. Despite the many challenges that we faced, and with storm impacts spanning across much of the state, we were able to respond to multiple strong hurricanes in a short amount of time, -- Florida -- emergency management director Kevin Guthrie in Tallahassee Tuesday. Highlighting the massive effort, we partner with every state agency and work closely with the state legislature to ensure that Floridians are prepared and able to recover from any disaster that may impact their community, -- it's an effort he wants to build on. FDEM is looking to bolster training for local agencies and secure millions in funding for new tech and more protections to streamline response. We'll have more. Flood control device material as we move into this next season and we're looking forward to saving more property. When it comes to property owners, a new bill aims to alleviate some of the headache inducing hurdles. There are still residents who are waiting to get their permits to get back into their homes. State Senator Nick Deegli's Senate Bill 180 would work to train local officials in the permitting process in hopes for quicker issuing. It would also prevent local governments from. Permit and inspection fees for months after an emergency and give stronger guidance on debris clean up. I think that's going to expedite the process way, way better than what we're seeing right now. And while the state has launched a program to give grants for people to lift their homes, another bill would cap tax assessments for homeowners who harden them against storms in turn upping their value. Aaron Parsigian, Tampa Bay.

- FDOT Hurricane Response and Recovery | Florida This Week: Kind: captions Language: en I'd like to end this particular segment by asking, you know, how the wear and tear affects the bridges? So many of our viewers may not understand what's going on with the salt water, with the, the, the, the amount of the increased amount of vehicles that are going the heavier vehicles. Talk to us about that in each of your districts. If you could just give us an example of what is really eating away at those bridges. Sure, I mean wave action. So even just daily wave action, but wave action during a hurricane, you know, we all saw last year, you know, Debbie, Helena, Milton. Those all took quite a toll on the bridges that we have across the bay. Also, just being in a corrosive environment, the salt water, you know, it eats away at the steel. And what a lot of people don't know is when the steel rusts, then the concrete pops off the steel. So it's a really interesting process. It is all chemistry, but there are ways to combat that. And we do the best we can with cathodic protection. But you can't stop everything. So it's a constant battle. We always say we're fighting Mother Nature every day with our bridges, but we do the best we can, you know, to maintain them. And I will tell you this, every one of our bridges has exceeded their lives. So if we thought it was a 50 year bridge, it's there. Now, in the 70 years, some of our 75 year bridges there, they're crossing into, you know, the 80 or 90 years. So we're constantly seeing in Florida that our bridges are exceeding their useful life. And, Secretary Driggers, I mean, in your district, you've got these old drawbridges. How does Mother Nature affect those? Many of the same points just shared a corrosive environment, increased growth in demand for utilization. All those things have an impact on the lifespan of our structures. As Justin alluded to, we have a very a profound inspection program where we continually maintain and invest to make sure that things are safe and and in full opportunity of operation. There are no surprises. Absolutely. Okay, Hurricane response is also a big part of the mission of the Florida Department of Transportation. Secretary Driggers, I'd like to ask you about that. When the hurricanes come and the aftermath, how does the department work on those situations? Absolutely, we're very appreciative of our partnerships, not only in the district do we respond. We also rely on our other other districts, you know, supporting us as well, of course, other states. Um, we had three major impacts, one being the Pine Island Access Road. We're very proud we were able to restore access in three days of 24 over seven operation. We also had the Sanibel Island access, the emergency repairs and then the permanent, which we're proud were just just completed that and we're actually going to win a national award, National recognition there. And then we had the State Road 789 sand deposition. We ultimately had five pile, five foot pile high, five foot high piles of sand. We ultimately removed 60,000yd , partner with the county to clean the material, and then restore the beaches and the dunes with the material as well. To see the devastation in Sanibel was really dramatic. Um, tell us about the work that was done there. Once again, just 24 over seven operation. Um, the task at hand was to get those emergency service providers, you know, actively engaged in, in the on the ground. And we worked hand over hand. We brought other, other partners in. It was just a 24 over seven to get it done. Deliver the mission. And district seven had the same amount of work when it came to Helene and Milton. Um, how was that? How did FDOT workers come in and participate in that? Yeah, so we had help from many of our different districts and as well as for other states. And it was funny, both storms were very different and I'm sure everybody here loved them. Knows that Helene was a very big water event. Um, a lot of flooding in the coastal area. And believe it or not, that led to like a mission between the storms because Helene came, caused a lot of damage. Then we had Milton coming to the same area. So we actually ran a 24 over seven operation between the storms, actually collecting the debris, getting it out of the streets, because what people didn't realize is they were just trying to recover from Helene. And what we were doing was actually creating projectiles by putting couches and refrigerators out by the street. So the governor authorized us to run 24 over seven, which was huge, and we pulled about 150,000 cubic yard of material off of the barrier island before Milton got there. And then Milton hit, and it was a big power event. You know, we lost power to 600 different signals. And so we had to have 600 generators out there being refueled around the clock for over a week, waiting on power to be restored. So a totally different storm, right? Big storm, totally different response. But the same thing. We had folks from the Panhandle that were down here to help us right away and other states. And between the two storms, we moved about a half a 1,000,000 cubic yards of material between sand and debris and all. And just to give you a perspective, if anyone drove by the Florida State Fairgrounds during it, they saw the mountains of debris. And yeah, 500,000yd is enough to fill up Raymond James Stadium. So and so many of our viewers would be will be surprised to learn that it's the Florida Department of Transportation that's engaged in that kind of work. Any lessons? What would you say is the biggest lesson learned for your district after all of the hurricanes? Every storm, every experience is an iterative opportunity. I'm not only are we looking at how we can do better at the past event, we're also looking at proactive solutions. We're looking at opportunities to armor our roadways, our shoulders so we can prevent undermining of our roadways, basically, make it through the storm so that we can put our attention into those those areas that may need more, more energy and effort to respond. It listen, it's the best thing that we do. I always say that the, the greatest mission of the DOT is being able to get out there and respond, and we are the first ones out there. So we always joke. We're like, it's us in the sheriff, you know, that are out there. And really though, a lot of times, like on Gulf Boulevard, we had to clear the sand for the ambulances to get through. So, you know, really our mission became a priority. And it brings a lot of, a lot of joy, like to be able to say that you helped people. And I tell you what, I, I love my job for that. The shoulders you both talked about the importance of the shoulders on the roadways and on the bridges. Um, what can our community do to prevent those shoulders from being misused? So first off, you know, if there's an evacuation order, leave. Um, don't wait until the last minute. I'm sure everyone tells them that. Because what we have to do, if we don't, we have to use something called emergency shoulder use running. And that actually allows people to use the shoulder to get out. The problem is, some folks wait till the last minute. They they don't have their gas tank full, they run out of gas. So then they block the shoulder. And so really just getting out early, you know, and you don't have to go far. That's what we try to explain to everybody. Like if you're on the barrier island, if you just get to the mainland, you're going to be good. And so that's one thing we tell everybody, you don't have to go too far. Just just be ready to get off the barrier island.

- Trump Prays for Florida: Criticism of Hurricane Response and Future Plans: Kind: captions Language: en want to send our prayers to the people of Florida getting hit just about now in a little while you're going to see a hurricane like we haven't seen in a long time as well as all of the people still recovering from Hurricane Helen so we have uh North Carolina has been hit very hard and this Administration has not done a proper job at all [Applause] terrible terrible nobody's seen anything like it but we just pray for everybody we want them all to be good and we're going to be there hopefully soon and we're going to help them rebuild and get it all back together and we hope that God will keep them safe God will keep them safe just 27 days from now we're going to Wi Pennsylvania we're going to defeat Camala Harris and we are going to make America great again [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @NathanXTZ: MAGA 2024 🦅

- Solar-Powered Florida Community Managed To Keep Power Through Hurricane Ian: Kind: captions Language: en more on Hurricane Ian's wrath now work is well underway to rebuild Southwest Florida after Hurricane Ian decimated entire neighborhoods there yeah but thousands hit by the storm that was able to keep the lights on the entire time cbs4 anchor Carly Barnett has the story when hurricane Ian brought gusts over 150 miles an hour much of the power grid in its path didn't stand a chance and due to the two feet of rain even communities miles from storm surge couldn't escape life-altering floods but even as white caps ripped across the lake in Anthony Grande's backyard he was in front of the TV you know that's one of the things I said to my wife when we were sitting there watching TV I'm like I don't have any fear right now Anthony in the 2000 families around him never lost power and did not flood because they live on Babcock Ranch a community about 15 miles from Fort Myers which is 100 percent solar powered I even held on to my generator not knowing what was really going to happen so my wife was like get rid of it I'm like no I'm not getting rid of it I'm not doing it that's what we did we go through the test and this was the test Jennifer langwell was nervous during the storm because with a PhD in civil engineering she helped design the place I literally got my construction drawings out and I looked at the wind load that my house was designed to and I looked at my finished floor elevation and I looked at the road elevation and I just mentally was crunching numbers because I was like this is going to be bad and it was but their interconnected lakes and protected Wetlands saved them from flooding and the 750 000 solar panels in their 150 megawatt array all held solid that's the beautiful thing about engineering right is that you understand the wind loads and you understand the stress and the strain and you designed to that this place was the brainchild of Sid kitson an NFL offensive lineman turned developer who bought a massive cattle ranch sold most of it to Florida as a nature reserve and set out to build the cleanest most resilient town in America Technologies here we just need to get everybody on on board right so and make it affordable for everybody to get on board Carly Barnett cbs4 this morning

  Top Comments:
  1. @blackcanaryable [8 likes]: They did not get a direct hit. What if a Hurricane damages your solar panels, then what?
  2. @blackcanaryable [5 likes]: No thanks. I'll stick with electricity and my generator.
  3. @BSills-fe8ze [4 likes]: In a community practically unscathed from the storm in the first place…
  4. @marynewsham9896 [4 likes]: fake news... no direct hit. my neighborhood did not lose power, my county was one of the few counties essentially unscathed BUT neighborhoods 3 or 4 mi away lost power for days. there for the Grace of God my east coast county was essentially unscathed.  ..  what's the price to live in that community?  if it were up to me I'd hang on to the generator OR get to the west coast and donate it to a less fortunate family
  5. @maltedmilk6888 [1 likes]: Not just build new communities on this model, but rebuild after the hurricane older communities the same way
  6. @jrc7045: Yeah and doesn’t look like it got hit that bad either.
  7. @SocialismSucks: “Make in China”
  8. @dmitri9888: When a product forcefully shoved down my throat - I know it's a SCAM - when product is good even if it is expensive - people know it - look at lines at iPhone stores
  9. @stewartread4235: They are not 100% solar powered, the grid provided their power during the storm. Fact
  10. @elizabethreed3358: Fantastic!
  11. @Midwest7852: That's great but wouldn't any other kind of generator also have worked?  Gas for instance?
  12. @maxrockanski2045: Fake news
  13. @randomdude189: This is propaganda. This community wasn’t touched by the hurricane. Stop the dishonest news practices
  14. @laurab3876: Really amazing and it's not just the solar electricity but the fact that they understood protected wetlands are a huge help to avoid floods... also especially important  they built the community with houses above street levels and connected the streets to the  water streams. I read streets flooded and became like rivers but with a purpose and water did flow where it was supposed  to.
  15. @treehunned7615: Based independent family

- Florida residents frustrated with hurricane response: Kind: captions Language: en HURRICANE IAN LEFT HUNDREDS OF THOUSANDS OF PEOPLE DEVASTATED WITH MANY STILL WAITING FOR HELP-- TIME IS GROWING INCREASINGLY CRITICAL FOR THOSE WITH DIRE NEEDS. BUT FRUSTRATION IS RISING FOR MANY RESIDENTS STRUGGLING TO GET BACK ON THEIR FEET.... THANK YOU FOR JOINING US ON 13 ON YOUR SIDE I )M VANESSA GONGORA. AS MANY FACE LONG LINES, MASSIVE PHONE WAIT TIMES AND OTHERS FEEL THEIR COMMUNITIES ARE NOT BEING PRIORITIZED. MEREDITH WOOD HAS A CLOSER LOOK AT WHY RESIDENTS ARE CALLING OUT THE GOVERNMENT )S RESPONSE TO THE DISASTER. "DEFINITELY FEEL LEFT OUT" MOUNTING FRUSTRATIONS... IN SOME HARD-HIT FLORIDA COMMUNITIES--- DECIMATED BY HURRICAN IAN. AS GOVERNOR RON DESANTIS PRAISES THE EFFORTS BY LOCAL, STATE AND FEDERAL OFFICALS. GOVERNOR RON DESANTIS, (R) BUT MORE THAN ONE WEEK SINCE THE DESASTER SLAMMED INTO THE STATE... SURVIVORS ARE GROWING MORE AND MORE FRUSTRATED WITH THE GOVERMENTAL RESPONSE... FROM THE LOCAL TO THE FEDERAL LEVEL. SUSAN DETTOR, FT. MYERS, FL RESIDENT THEY )RE LOSING THEIR PATIENCE... MANY FACING LONG WAIT TIMES ON THE PHONE, OR LINES STRETCHING FOR HOURS OUTSIDE OF FEMA DISASTER RECOVERY CENTERS.. TRYING TO GET THE HELP THEY SO DESPERATELY NEED. MANY ARE STILL IN THE DARK OR RELYING ON GENERATORS. AS OF SATURDAY AFTERNOON, ACCORDING TO POWEROUTAGE.US. .. MORE THAN 53- THOUSAND CUSTOMERS HAD NO POWER STATEWIDE. "AND YOU )RE JUST BYPASSING ALL OF THIS.." AND THEN THERE )S THE COMMUNITY OF HARLEM HEIGHTS... WHERE SOME FEEL THEY )RE BEING COMPLETELY OVERLOOKED IN THE FEDERAL RESPONSE MARY BROOMFIELD, HARLEM HEIGHTS, FL RESIDENT I )M MEREDITH WOOD REPORTING. TO STAY UP TO DATE ON THE AFTERMATH OF HURRICANE IAN..YOU CAN GO DOWNLOAD OUR K-Y-M-A APP AVAILABLE NOW IN THE APP STORE

- Surviving Hurricane Irma: Stories of resilience from Barbuda | UNDRR: Kind: captions Language: en we he that the hurricane was coming I didn't&nbsp; know how large it was at the time we never&nbsp;&nbsp; really expect the storm was would have been the&nbsp; way it was for me I thought we wouldn't going to&nbsp;&nbsp; get that much damage as long as everything is in&nbsp; the plastic bags it would have been great we Bo&nbsp;&nbsp; up the house we get some food inside of the house&nbsp; and some water we were prepared for all what to&nbsp;&nbsp; come in terms of what we would humanly possibly&nbsp; could have done but we had nothing to combat the&nbsp;&nbsp; magnitude of um hurricane Arma when the hurricane&nbsp; come it was a different thing the roof was caving&nbsp;&nbsp; in on you and what it's caving in know it was&nbsp; just blowing away it was just you just seeing&nbsp;&nbsp; Sands just in circles around [Music] you after&nbsp; that they go on and said another hurricane is on&nbsp;&nbsp; its way to babud who say that was on the very part&nbsp; of Arma so we can't stay in because house W gone&nbsp;&nbsp; house gone water in a house so have to evacuate&nbsp; the water will be contaminated uh there's going&nbsp;&nbsp; to be after certain all the animals that die and&nbsp; swarm they would cause some level of um disease&nbsp;&nbsp; and so on so it was best practice I believe&nbsp; at that time to remove um Everybody of Ireland [Music]&nbsp;&nbsp; it had a psychosocial impact on our children here&nbsp; because it changed their normaly it changed their&nbsp;&nbsp; comfort zone programs we've been having here&nbsp; with UNICEF and other organization has been&nbsp;&nbsp; very helpful because they not only came and&nbsp; talk but they interact acted and they gave us&nbsp;&nbsp; new options and different Alternatives of how we&nbsp; can be better prepared psychologically [Music]

- Helping my community: Life after a natural disaster — Jaylon’s story, Hurricane Irma, 2017: Kind: captions Language: en (soft music) - My name is Jaylon, I am 18 years old. I experienced the hurricane. Before the storm, I didn't really take it as serious as I should have, but when it hit and the loud winds and all the branches hitting against the buildings and walls and stuff, I was kind of scared. I thought the windows was gonna break because of how hard they were hitting. I was able to come back home as soon as the hurricane was finished and my mom didn't have to work anymore. Well, we had to do with no power, and without power I couldn't play any video games, so it was very boring, but I was blessed that that was the only issue. In the neighborhood, there were a lot of damages. Some of the houses were actually torn down and they had to rebuild them. The hurricane actually taught me that, well seeing it with my own eyes made me realize that anything can happen, and you have to just be able to prepare yourself. If I could do anything differently, I would, personally, I would have took this more serious and prepared myself more by getting stuff out the stores earlier, before they all ran out, and not only would I listen more to the news, but just try to soak up as much information as you can and keep your ears open and eyes open. My mom did make me feel better because she just, she was there for me. Everything she knew she gave it to me, so that made me feel a lot better. Reaching out and helping people in the neighborhoods did make me feel good because, seeing them struggling, me being able to help them out, do something good will, being able to help the older generation was a big, big thing for me, made me happy. It warmed my heart and gave me hope to see that people still help each other out now, because now a lot, all you see is bad stuff, other people doing bad things to other people, and it showed me that not all of that's true and people still help each other out nowadays.

- Why community is our best chance for survival—a lesson post-Hurricane Maria: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] two days before hurricane Maria hit Porto Rico I was there I was waiting in line at a gas station in my car and the line wrapped around the street with no end in sight but at least my gas station had an usher and as I waited my mom calls she knows that this is gonna be a catastrophic storm but I did what daughter's to maybe what you would do I say mom I've got this I'm ready we're gonna be fine and she did what moms do particularly for Tariq and moms instead of telling me how afraid she was she said Christina why in the world are you in Porto Rico wasting your time and your education when you could be anywhere else in the world and you worked so hard to leave this place and her words felt like knives and I quietly hung up the phone she is running down my face as I inch my way closer to the pump and I wish I had known how right she was to be afraid oh he didn't know what was coming and in the back of my head I was wondering why had I come back after I left when I was 18 what though Rico had stopped being a place for opportunity for me after hundred and twenty years of colonial status to the US where does Rico was far from an enchanted island I didn't get to see the beauty that tourists get to see I just felt bitterness bitterness towards the corrupt government bitterness towards the elite families that seemed perfectly comfortable in the extreme inequality bitterness towards the fact that the beaches were full of trash and the public spaces and historical spaces were constantly two-faced and poorly maintained and that bitterness that disdain became a mantra that everyone around me was echoing Porto Ricans are lazy were corrupt nothing good can happen here so you can imagine why I left the way many Puerto Ricans have left feeling almost like a self-loathing and a deep inferiority to the Western world superiority but I was determined to prove my worth and I wanted to make a difference because I felt so trapped so I pursued an Ivy League education I was ruthless about my thirst for understanding power because I felt on the powerless side I became a TV show host and a grant maker and then a professor and when I finally found my calling in education something strange happened I started feeling debilitating pain on my right shoulder blade and I went to physical therapists until one of them told me listen that pain that you're feeling it's associated with feeling like you lack community and that hit me I didn't feel like I had community and that pain was calling me back home but back home where and why my family had left Porto Rico already and if you didn't belong to a wealthy family why go back anyway there was nothing there for me but the calling was stronger and I moved back to Puerto Rico nine months before the hurricane was announced and this is why I found myself waiting in line at the gas station two days before the hurricane made landfall the storm was going to enter exactly where my partner's house was located on the southeast corner of the island in a mountaintop town called Mariana my partner said even if it's the worst here listen we got community people know how to take care of each other they know how to find food and I grew up on the south side of the island on the second largest city of bonesy I had no idea what he was talking about and I couldn't even imagine it but I trusted him on September 19th 2017 at 11 p.m. we were awakened to the sound of exploding glass I know until that moment I had only heard that sound in horror movies and thrillers like most people but this was real so water was gushing and the glass and the leaves and everything so we went to our safe room which was a tiny bathroom three adults a dog and a cat and we locked ourselves in water coming in from underneath the door and we waited for hours endless and when we emerged we could not believe our eyes everything was gone it looked like a bomb had exploded and we were disoriented and displaced then people started coming out from inside their homes during those days if you were stuck in an obstructed road everyone that was in their cars would come out almost as if pre rehearsed machetes in hand and they together would chop down the trees and open up the roads because they knew what to do and on day four after the hurricane we decided that we were gonna open up a community kitchen we didn't have food water or a kitchen but we were determined so we heard somewhere that you know maybe in in the north part of the island there was going to be some reception so we said all right we're gonna go up there and we wanted to tell everyone what we were gonna do through Facebook in five days we launched proyecto de apoyo mucho which translates to mutual aid project and by day ten we were feeding 300 people every day Monday to Friday out of a completely self-run operation and listen we weren't able to do this if it hadn't been for a community so we actually reached out to the association that was based in Mariana that has been working in Mariana for 36 years Atacama Atacama had the space they had the kitchen they had a big space for her festival that they had been building for 32 years and we asked them can we use this and they said yes and then we went to talk to the cooks and we said will you cook for the people here and when then we talked to the artists and we said will you will you paint the signs and we called our friends and we asked them will you help us clean and they said yes with the little that they had because they knew we had to do something unpredictable Yamoto Mariana was born the space was full of solidarity and beauty and reciprocity so the word started spreading during those days it was the people in front of us that were the ones that were so important donations started coming in but then the people on the ground they would bring whatever food they had that they couldn't cook because they didn't have gas stoves they would bring in whatever tools they had whatever skills they could contribute in whatever cash they had in exchange for a meal and the word started spreading so pretty soon we had people from the region arriving we then started receiving paramedics nurses and doctors and aid so we had to create an entire distribution system and surveys in order to identify the needs of the people and distribute and deliver things according to what they needed where they needed it and it was through this process of doing that we were able to move from a place of despair to beginning to heal the way would work is that the kids would arrive at 9:30 in the morning they would set up the tables and chairs and then they would start playing chess and pretty soon hundreds of people would arrive and then we would deliver food to about 60 people across the mountain in the community and then everyone around us was asking wanting to join and we asked them how contribute whatever you know how to do what do you love to do come and join us and there was this one young man who approached us and he said you're just regular people what do you mean you're helping you're actually doing that and we said yeah come join us and so he did and this young man changed his life he later told us that his father had said that people didn't really help anymore not without an agenda and then he started seeing what we were doing and he decided to not leave Puerto Rico and join the military and instead he stayed and he studied on the island because he started to see that a different word that Rico was possible and this is when we took a step back and looked at our work and we realized we are building a different Porto Rico we're building it because you see when the entire physical and material infrastructure collapsed the only thing that remained was the invisible life-saving infrastructure which is our knowledge of where we are in relation to each other our knowledge of each other's skills our capacity to work with our neighbor and sometimes forgive our neighbor and mobilize because when disasters happen the person right in front of you is your best chance at survival and this is when we understood that the times we will be facing as humanity will require us to recognize that community is the most important thing around us because when there's no ATMs no communication systems no food no water nothing you need to be able to tap into a pre-existing system of respect of trust of reciprocity and from there you can rebuild in Mariana we knew that we needed communication systems we needed solar power we needed water systems we spent six months without running water nine months without electricity so when we put out the call for communication systems a donor answered and she funded a group of former US Coast Guard errs who responded to Sandy and within 24 hours they came to Mariana and they installed Wi-Fi using solar powered radios so we looked around and we said well why can't we have Wi-Fi and Mariana for everyone why can't we have our own radio system and it we realized that it was all we had to do was listen to the people in front of us the people on the ground they knew they were the experts in what they needed so when people started coming to grab a meal with a hands raw purplish from hand washing clothes in the river we realize we need to build a solar laundromat and we did and then we realized we need a micro grid a solar micro grid and we got a solar micro grid and filters and an emergency plan pretty soon we were building a model of what a community needs to have to be healthy enough and organized enough in order to be able to face a natural disaster and our vision now is to be able to share markers of how we know if communities are ready to be able to respond to extreme weather conditions because it is communities like mine these so called marginalized communities they have had to create alternative systems of survival because they have had a lack a systemic lack of basic human right services but if well invested in and well organized these communities are better suited to respond when disasters happen and we owe it to millions of communities like ours around the world to share these lessons and help them prepare for disasters we owe it to the future generations that will face a disproportionate burden of climate change we owe it to the ancestors and the activists and leaders that have gotten us this far and we owe it to the over three in Puerto Ricans who died unnecessarily after a game area [Applause] I watched as generations upon generations of false narrative collapsed before my eyes what the Ricoh is doomed was a story and the one that emerged was being lived by the activists and the organizers and the community leaders on the ground that are working to this day right now in the front lines whether or not they can pay their bills it turns out communities in Porto Rico are powerful beyond measure they may not make the headlines but they are generous they're collaborative they're gonna come we're gonna come up with some of the most important innovations and solutions for human adaptation because our lives depend on it and we know why people died it was not a natural disaster it was a political and a man-made one and therefore it can be solved how many Puerto Ricans would have survived had they lived in self-organized communities like mariana we will never know but the truth is that communities are the most important force that will support humanity to face great storms literally and metaphorically the future will be challenging all around us the sea level will rot the sea levels will rise people will be displaced and they will become more and more isolated and suffer from more and more mental health issues and the states will likely fail to protect their people the way the US and Puerto Rico government's disappointed us but communities will rise they will rise because they were always standing they were tending to the roots they were teaching the history erased from books they were doing the most radical thing especially in a colony they were building from a place of dignity of abundance and self-love and people like me who were too jaded and too busy thinking about power we just weren't looking thank you

- Hurricane Helene devastated their community. But they stepped up to bring hope.: Kind: captions Language: en - When Hurricane Helene tour through Asheville, three women found themselves at the heart of their community's darkest hour. - Something that I remember is waiting at a stoplight on my way home and watching the water come in around my car, and that was pretty terrifying. A few of us went up on the roof of our building, and that's really when we kind of got a glimpse of what the situation really was. The river was still rising, the road was blocked, the train was stalled on the tracks. There were things like dumpsters and pieces of buildings, tractor trailers, everything just racing by and crashing into the bridge. It was really something - I woke up at like 5:00 AM to a loud bang. It must have been a tree falling nearby, and I looked out the windows and just trees were just everywhere. It was absolutely terrifying. - The days following the flood, we did not receive outside aid for the first five days. We had to kind of dig ourselves out and find a way to bring aid. In those five days I've spent digging through rubble and finding drinkable water, - Though each facing their own heartbreak. These women found a way to show up. Their missions were different, but their hearts beat as one. - It is my duty to run elections Come hell or high water, we make elections happen, and election officials anywhere will tell you that. So making sure that people could exercise their right to vote was a way to help people feel agency and feel heard, especially in a crisis. I didn't feel like evacuation was an option for me. I'm not gonna say I wasn't afraid, but there was no way I was going to abandon ship. - I got a text message from one of the tenants who I organized with. They put this notice on our door. She sent me a picture of it that said, just a reminder, October rent is still due. I was livid because in that same text message, she had said, you know, we don't have any food. We don't have any water, and I was like, we have to do something. People cannot pay rent for October, especially right now because all the jobs are gone. - I'm on this tiny little hill, which my basement flooded, but ultimately everything was okay, and so somebody dropped water off at the base of my driveway, and then somebody else wanted to drop off a little bit of food and somebody else wanted to drop off a little bit of clothing, and I ended up getting some tarps out and going that direction. It just wasn't an option in my head. I had the resources, I knew what to do. - Corrine, Jen and Katie rolled up their sleeves and reached out, helping in ways only they could. - Many people on my staff sent their families away to safer places because that's what they felt was needed, and they stayed behind to make sure that that the election ran because that is how important it is to them and how important they think it is to other people. We had people knocking on our doors shortly after on their way out of evacuating asking us would the election go on, and because of that dedication, that heart that my staff has, I could confidently tell them yes. - We got the forms from the housing authority and made copies and went with a team and knocked on every single door and every single housing property, and gave people the hardship waivers, - And it just exploded into three event tents. One of them looks like a grocery store, the other one looks like a clothing department store, and then there's one for storage, and I had two storage units as well as my garage serving a few hundred people. - Their efforts didn't just heal, they transformed lives and uncovered something extraordinary. - It's really was important for me to find that community and to understand these systems, to realize that I have a voice and that I can use it. And so I've seen what happens with other people, especially since the storm who have found their voice and have stood up for their community's needs, and they are just, - It's life changing. We demonstrated that when it gets tough, we focus on supporting each other and those differences in opinion and philosophy and political affiliation, they all fall away. None of that divisiveness matters, and we just come together. We make a plan and we help each other. That is what we did, and we do that in every crisis. To me, that's really the spirit of America.

  Top Comments:
  1. @gladysoyeabo2517 [1 likes]: Awesome

- Hurricane Delta devastates communities: Kind: captions Language: en I'm here helping out at the Rapides Coliseum shelter in Louisiana. And we're assisting the clients with a place to stay, a nice hot meal and some snacks, water, coffee, juice, whatever they need. We're all here to just do the good work and the mission of the Red Cross and to help others.

  Top Comments:
  1. @pamelaprotzman942: Thank you everyone that deployed.

- Melting Sea Ice Pushes Walruses to the Brink | Haulout | The New Yorker Documentary: Kind: captions Language: en-US [bright music] [waves crashing] [bird squawks] [sea roaring] [footsteps crunching] [water trickling] [wind whistling] [Dictaphone beeps] [Maxim speaking in foreign language] [seagulls squawking] [stove hissing] [spoon stirring] [water trickles] [kettle clunks] [footsteps clomping] [spoon taps and scrapes] [Maxim slurps] [wood creaking] [pages rustling] [spade thuds] [wind roars] [shellfish clunking] [wind howling] [seagull squawking] [wind gusting] [shutter creaks] [waves smashing] [door clunks] [wood creaks] [animal grunts] [door slams] [door creaks] [walruses grunting] [footsteps squelching] [planks creaking] [bird squawking] [knuckles cracking] [cigarettes rattling] [tobacco crunching] [match strikes] [cigarette stubbing] [can rattles] [walrus grunts] [walruses grunting and snorting] [Maxim gently snoring] [lid clatters] [fire crackles] [Maxim sniffs] [birds squawking] [hammer bangs] [wind gusts]

  Top Comments:
  1. @NikeyLin [2 likes]: Фильм-впечатление. Спасибо авторам. Съемка на высоте. Полное на сколько это возможно за 25 мин погружение.
  2. @SkillCapGames [1 likes]: quick lets all get terrified so we can rush to "green energy" 
all so we can buy these people yachts to float around on the earth while they laugh at us ....

yall are sheep ....
  3. @the_grand_tourer [1 likes]: What a stunning and jaw dropping film ! Beautiful and sad. I'd seen horrific footage of walrus dropping off cliffs, due to our rapid impact on climate. It's tragedy, and still people say 'but climate changes', etc ... over thousands of years maybe, NOT in 150-200 years it doesn't !! This is the reality, nature unable to adjust.
  4. @walkingintrovert89 [1 likes]: Так жаль малыша в конце (( его мамочка умерла, и он 
маленький и неокрепший идет в 
неизвестность 
интересно выжил ли он (
наверное поэтому северным людям на х;;& не нужны никакие излишки потому у что они поняли как все мимолетно и нет ничего кроме мига (  жизнь на этой планете очень сложная, жестокая  и страшная ( после такого кино понимаешь, как люди в городах стали избалованы, мы и забыли совсем, что такое жизнь.
  5. @chrischan0907 [1 likes]: amazing and heartbreaking at the same time
  6. @АлёнаШклярова-ж7у [1 likes]: Нет слов. Спасибо
  7. @ely4689: it feels almost like a foreshadowing of the future of humanity
  8. @andreakoroknai1071: 11:32 amazing how polite they are just like "okay, we're leaving" when he waves the broom at them:O when they could easily just tear through that tiny house.
  9. @tatort76: Super
  10. @AmaliaRifkin: Wow, this is truly so beautiful. What an amazing topic. The cinematography is amazing.
  11. @ivannvfx4808: :goat-turquoise-white-horns:
  12. @simoneanimainmoto8057: Great
  13. @майяякуц: Хорошо, что картинка не передает запахов))
Большое спасибо всем причастным за создание фильма!
  14. @AmazonasLifeCamp: We hope that with documents like this, awareness will increase, and fakes will decrease.
  15. @Najah-x1w: Need any help?
  16. @boredwarlock5216: Foley on this sucks. Nice lion roars. Jeeze guys get it together
  17. @GarsonOrmiston: incredible
  18. @PlumpnDreamyWalrus: I would do anything to be around walrus unsupervised
  19. @shinkareff: В моём топе документальных фильмов, этот будет на втором месте, после «Трансформатора». Очень сильно!
  20. @СашаКлиюшин: Брошенная никому не нужная страна,очень печально.

- Trying to find a back haul out of Texas to FL: Kind: captions Language: en about it y'all support Paterson still over here and touch the outside of Houston Texas I've got dropped off trying to get it back home this is what I wound up with about a 40-foot pipe going down towards Orlando fairly like I mean it's about 13,000 pounds they look heavier than really actually then it looks look everything 32,000 pounds quite honestly but you can see actually all the skin line I have you see up tap it over there still over either way I'd be hospitalized stick off the back or pull out but you can ask to see all straps I didn't use all my straps I still have quite a few more left to use if I needed to add it that one on here because it was actually at the end see over my five foot ramps there but uh see I got to actually I only have two more scraps left and I could have used but I didn't of course women really put anything there I could have put my smallest nap there you see I'm good I want six I'm father always crap but I'd rather be over strapping on a strap but this is that guys it's not much it's a 40-foot tubing and that little overs that you see actually in the back back there tonight by 2007 actually came up with me and he made us back there but see that gap right there that's what's hanging off the back they could have came up a little more spot right there right here without a made up for that gap you see a hollow in the inside just one big round that's it guys sent it down for the day it's probably about 5:30 right outside of Houston Texas actually East Texas you ready to get our 10 head back down towards Louisiana get back on up into Florida but that's it guys I just want to show you out Malone that's it for the foot to be about 13,000 pounds oh okay I'm going to show you this right here this is my pipe States and it was hidden right here and I took my hand man tried to smash it in a little bit so it they can go down past it I can see with hitting this right here so that what's it all the way down making sure I probably don't take my helmet like that down a bit more the other ones did you see down there they hanging always down and went through the cloud there's no really yeah well I got my strap something so what I did I took my chain moved around put it ran across over there on the other side on a state pocket got my chain tight and pull them together probably tighten up a bit more I did rock I see it like right now and I'm actually get my by buying them back up a bit more that way so it and I just wanted to split these things 30 that's what all but um that's what guys see where it's like my nails put right here hold my done in just four done they actually had these actually at the pike facility where I picked up and we just nailed the man they have secured in place keep from moving shipping and worked out fairly good but that's my little guys and he's text here they have down to Florida you guys take care be safe right there

- SOLVED 16-Year Old (Jed Hall) Missing 4-years... We FOUND him in Under 20 minutes!: Kind: captions Language: en (machine whirring) - [Amy Hall] God damn, you. - [News Reporter] Officials have confirmed the body found in Jed Hall's car was that of the missing teen. Despite the area being searched multiple times before, AWP found the car within 20 minutes of searching. - Jed- - It's Jed. - Jed hall disappeared nearly three years ago. - There was some indications that he was depressed. - No lead, no nothing. - It's wonderful to know that a lot of people care about him. - We crumbled those walls, taking away all hope for a mother that her son is gonna drive in any moment. The mom, Amy, was not ready for us to be here. (gentle music) (uplifting music) - Matthew Jedediah Hall, known as Jed to all of his family and friends, vanished January 22nd, 2018. He had a height of 5'11", weighed 120 pounds and his eye and hair color were both brown in color. He was last seen driving a gray hatchback Nissan Versa 2009 with a license plate reading 8BEF732. January 22nd, 2018 at 2:30 AM, Jed was seen on security cameras at American Heritage Charter School, his school just outside city limits. Jed broke a window to enter the school, left a note, a necklace, and money in a friend's locker, exited the school, then left in his vehicle. It is not clear whether Jed left from this point or if he returned home before vanishing. 6:51 AM, Jed's parents did not see him getting ready for school, and when they checked on him, they found a note that he had left behind. Idaho Falls police officers immediately began a search for the missing teen. Over the next few hours, Idaho Falls Police Department and our agencies from the surrounding area searched areas that Jed was familiar with and or frequented including wooded areas of neighboring counties. also conducted interviews with Jed's friends and family. Jed's cell phone was also continuously pinged. However, the phone either died or was turned off at 6:48 AM. Its last pinged location showed the phone 0.43 miles southeast of the Verizon tower. That area, included the nearby river, has been thoroughly searched for Jed or his vehicle. There are also access points for Interstate 15 and Highway 20 in that area. (car engine revving) - This is down like a cold beaten path like in the middle of the night. 3, 4:00, nobody down here. (gentle suspenseful music) - [Jared] Coming into this four years later, not having a vehicle, not knowing where Jed is at, our team specializes in underwater so does search and recovery investigations, and today might be the day that we find Jed right here in the river. - To bring you guys into what's going on here this morning, we do have the "Dr. Phil" show here with us who's covering our purpose while we're covering Jed Hall's story. So there'll be a little bit of change in the flow of what you guys are normally used to. So bear with us. It's an amazing thing that they are here helping spread awareness to our purpose. - Appreciate you meeting up with me. Officially, I am Jared. I know we spoke just briefly on the phone. I come into these and it's difficult. It is difficult for me as it is for you. You're a mother of a, right now, we don't know where Jed is at, and right now, within your family, With you and Allen and others within your family, you have this hopefulness that he's still going to be driving in the driveway and- - Every single day. And so that's what makes my conversation so difficult with every family is because they go through different stages of, are we at the acceptance stage of now, we have to be looking elsewhere, but then, and it's, there's no defined timeline for you. So I want you to know, what you feel is completely natural. That some is like, they know immediately within a month or two, some know after four or five years. And so I guess kind of, just kind of coming into this, let me kind of just go down the path of what is that I know of the entire case and why I've chosen to take this one on for you and your family. We have a YouTube series called "Adventure With Purpose"- - Right. - Where we focus on underwater sona search and recovery. We're divers, we identify missing persons who have been missing in their vehicle. We don't take on any cases that are newer than three months old because the families are not yet ready for that. A lot of times, your family didn't reach out to us, but a family friend of yours reached out to us more recently, but we've known about Jed for a little over a year and a half now. - Okay. - When we started doing our own investigation into this case, we did not take it on because of there's license plate reader information down in California, which kind of ties into your hopefulness right now of potentially... We'll let you tell your side, that's how your story in a few minutes. So with that, we just kind of stopped our investigations. It's like, all right. I was 16 once upon a time. Similar to a story of Jed where I don't know his complete background, but I had the desire to run away, to start a new life, to go start my millions, that as a 16 year old, I actually left the entire country, and this is back in the days before Google and where can I go as a young man to just start fresh, to start over, to get away from it all, and I chose Grenada out of the encyclopedic book at hand it's like, it was an English speaking country, sound like we did something in the 80s with Reagan, seemed like they didn't hate Americans. And so that's how I ended up down in Grenada. I actually made it outta the U.S. back in the early 90s as a 16 year old. And so when I come into this and I hear the story of Jed and we're doing our pre investigation, we have a direction of travel, a potential travel down into California. Does he make his way into Mexico to start a new life for whatever reason? Canada to start a new life for any reason? But this also is not the early 90s. This is 2018 where now we have- - Have a passport to get across the border. - Yeah, IDs, passports, and everything, license plate readers galore everywhere. So we stopped. At that point and we said, "Yes, we know about Jed. We put it on our big map of potential cases." But we did not move forward and we did not reach out to you and your family at that time. Now we fast forward, something must have happened in the news. Anytime we start getting a big onslaught, it's usually because there was a reminder in the news of, and so our viewers with 15 million viewers a month started reaching out to us and said, "Hey, do you know about Jed?" And I was like, "Yes, we're very much aware of him." And we just kind of left at that because of our previous research, but then a pastor friend of yours reached out to us and he really started pushing hard. Like, "Can you please look further into this? We do have the cell phone ping. Can you look further into the license plate reader as well?" And so we did our own investigation. It took us a whole four minutes with the license plate reader information down in California, and it came back to, yes, it was the same tagged number, but it was a California plate. It was non-Idaho plate. It was registered to 68 Volkswagen Beetle who happened to live right around the corner from this license plate reader that it picked up a couple times. So now, I come back into this of I'm two years into what started as a hobby of simply getting in the water to clean up the environment, of finding cars, turning this into families that started reaching out to us, viewers that started reaching out to us said, "We see that you have this ability to find and recover cars. There's lost loved one, their cars missing and they're still missing. Do you think you can step in and help?" And so the success of this is, we now have 21 lost loved ones that we have brought home in a two-year period, and some people say, "Well, what's your success rate?" I say, "Our success rate is a 100% that I'm gonna give you answers today one way or another of whether Jed is in the area underwater." The success rate that we have had is 15 to 18% of a finding a lost loved one, and what we simply go off of we come into this with the, where did he live? Where did he go to school or where did he work? Where was he last seen? And do we have a cell phone ping? And within that five mile radius has led to this 18%. Now, for the other 82%, it's not a failure. It's still successful and that you have answers as to keeping that hope alive that he's going to drive in the driveway and or once, maybe someday, we have to come to terms with the, maybe he did according to his note. But now, when I'm done here today, I have to be so confident in my skills for what I've done that I have to be able to look you in the eye and shake Allen's hand into this and say, "I have cleared this 100%. There's no reason to wonder about Jed being in the water here anymore." And so then we come back to the investigations that have taken place prior to our arrival today. In speaking with your local detective and the sergeant, it sounds like, there is a dive team in the area, rumors of vehicles being down there, but nobody seems to know what kind of vehicles or where they're at or, "Hey, there's a rumor of an ice cream truck." - (laughs) Okay. - Well, I think that if there really was an ice cream truck down there, I mean, it would kind of probably make the news and might be a, "Hey, whose ice cream truck was it?" And, "Hey, we found your truck." And I don't think that story has broken here in Idaho Falls yet. And so as I was talking to the detective is, "It's not that I don't trust you. It's just that I only trust myself. I only trust my team to be able to look you in the eye and to give you that answer that I did my job because we have found lost loved ones in places that other dive teams and other sonar teams have come in and they said that they've cleared. So that's why I'm here today for you and to give you those answers. - Okay, sounds good. - From there, if you'd like to share your story and your heart, and I don't want to go into your stories as to why you feel like he's gonna come back in another 10 months, that we're within a window that you and Allen are hopeful. Is that a story you'd like to share? - We've had a lot of different thoughts of where he might have gone, what he might have done. Maybe he's joined some militia or something like that. The latest theory that we've come up with is maybe he's joined the French Foreign Legion 'cause supposedly, his tag, his license plate was tagged in Stockton, which is a port city, and so maybe he caught a boat and he's gonna come back after his five-year stint with the French Foreign Legion speaking fluent French. So we've got about another year to go. - And I like that you still have that optimism of, and I hope that 100%, I hope that this is true because even if we don't find Jed today, and he is out there, we're seen around the entire world, and if anything, half a million, a million viewers- - Publicity is good. - Around the entire world will say, "All right, here's what Jed looks like. His mom misses him. Jed, you're not in trouble. Just come home, call your- To find a way to get ahold of your mom, and let her know that you're okay and that you're alive." In that way, she can, you guys can mend whatever happened and she's gonna help work you through. If there... I mean, I don't know if he's in any trouble, really. I mean, it's been four years. You've broken into school, but really there's nothing big that he's gonna be in too much trouble for. - He's not in any trouble that we are aware of unless he's done something since he left here. - Yeah, so anyway, so if you are out there Jed or if you happen to see Jed or know Jed, get ahold of your mom- - Yeah, I'm your mom, damn it. - Yeah, or the Idaho Falls Police Department and let them know, give them any tips that you have. Anything else that we can answer for you and your feelings of us even coming in on this? I mean- - I think it's great. The more people that know that he's missing, the more likely somebody is to see him. - Okay, well, I'll do everything I can for you today and we're gonna start here at this local boat ramp, which was the reason for us because it was the closest- - Yup, the ping included this. - Yup, and then my feeling is if we have, we cleared this area, it sounds like he was kind of moving north and I'm going off of the 2:30 in the morning at the school, a four-hour window to the last cell phone ping, a lot of time to think and contemplate if this is was his decision, that there's no reason why he would've actually stayed, that he does have the potential of going further north to one of these other areas. - [Amy Hall] There's highway right there, there's another highway right there. He could go in any direction he wanted. - Or sat down to Stockton and he jumped a boat. So yeah, all those possibilities are out there. So, but anyway, I'm gonna work on the my 18% success rate that brings me into this five mile radius right now. - All right, Amy, thank you very much. I'm gonna get in the water. - Nice to meet you. Good luck. - Thank you. - [Doug] How was he as a child, his hobbies, and just who he was as a person? - Jed is a happy kid. I guess he's not a kid now 'cause he's 20. He curious, always wanted to know as much as he could about everything. He was a good student. He would finish, the work, the school he was at kind of let them do their own pace. And so he would finish what he was, what he had to do, and then he would tutor the other kids in his class and help them with the stuff. - And that was the American Heritage Charter School? - Yes, at the American and he was just interested in all kinds of things. We traveled a Fairmont, and I remember spending days on the beach, going through the tide pools, and looking at all the critters, and then looking them up later to figure out what was that that we saw and that sort of thing. He played soccer, he was a good soccer player. Coach always loved to see him show up. He was a member of the Civil Air Patrol, which is an air force auxiliary, and he enjoyed flying. They have a small plane here and they were able to go up in that. He went to a summer camp with them over in Boise at the air base over there. They got to fly in helicopters and things and he thought that was great. (giggles) Ever since he was little, he had always been saying that he wanted to grow up to be a soldier. And so that was kind of what we were headed for. He was taking college prep classes. He was planning to apply to the Air Force Academy. My father is military air force and he actually knows a member of the faculty there. And so we'd been in recent contact with them. My parents had visited them the fall before they came out for Christmas here, our last Christmas altogether as a family. He was a good kid. He was helpful. He was working part-time at a local restaurant here, Grandpa's Southern Bar-B-Q. Gotta say a plug for them 'cause they're wonderful. He'd been working with them for ages and seemed to really enjoy the work. Just a well-rounded, good kid. - So Jed vanished January 22nd of 2018. Bring me into that timeframe that he vanished. What, was everything normal? Was this completely unexpected totally? Or, I mean, bring me into what was going on at the moment. Was he actively going to school every day? Was he in a specific activity? What was it like at that timeframe? - So we'd just been finished Christmas break and he'd been back to school. It'd probably been a couple of weeks. Everything seemed to be completely normal. We very rarely fought or disagreed about things. Like a typical teenager, he'd grumble sometimes about, "Oh, I don't really wanna do that chore," but he'd do it. There hadn't been any fights in the family. No, like I said, no disagreements, no anger. He didn't have any formal girlfriends or anything like that. He knew a lot of girls who he was friends with. So there was no drama with a girlfriend or anything like that. It seemed like everything was absolutely normal. The only thing that was different that one particular morning was that my husband was very, was sick with the flu And so he had slept in a different part of the house than he normally did, but that was it. I mean, he was just in a different bedroom and he hadn't been as engaged with us for the last couple of days because he hadn't felt well so he'd been sleeping a lot, but I mean, that's just normal part of life. And so we were completely and totally blindsided, never had any inkling that anything was happening, anything was going to happen. It was completely out of loop. - [Doug] And this is a government software for search and rescue, and we set up a five-mile radius here around Idaho Falls. This icon here representing the cell phone ping. - Oh, okay. - The last radius here. This boat ramp here is that's exactly where we're at right now. - Yeah. - [Doug] Now, the other points of interest that we have on this map is a boat ramp to the north, which is just a little bit outside of our five-mile radius, a boat ramp to the south, which is still in the five-mile radius, and then another one here to the south, a little bit south of our five mile radius. That typically our five-mile radius is what we go off of and when people are missing and missing with their vehicle. Five mile radius is what's most successful for us, and it, we usually end up finding what we're looking for within that radius if our case victim is there. This icon here represents the school. That's the Charter School there. Now, to make this complete, we're lacking two things on this and that go with the story, which would be the general area of the home address. We don't wanna put the exact, but if you wanna put the, show me where Jed was staying at the time. - Between those two, - Between those two, so let's just say right here. All right, and we have a timeframe of, what do we think, four hours? We're not sure what happened three to four hours? - Between 2:30 when he left the school and 6:37-ish when the ping, the last ping was. - Yeah, it was like 6:51 or something like that, yeah. So we have a four-hour window are unaccounted for. Now, the cell phone last pinged in this area here. Did he ditch his cell phone here before he disappeared? - Could be. - It's a very possibility. - Oh yeah. Now typically, when a cell phone dies, we have two types of shutdowns. We have a hard shutdown, which represents going underwater and or hard crash, phone breaking, and we have a standard shut down, the battery died or somebody powered their phone down. Do you have any information to the cell phone data that represents how the phone was shut down? - Nope. - All right, so we don't know if it was a hard shutdown or a standard shutdown. - The police might know. - Because they got the information about the ping. - Okay, well we have detectives here. That's a question that I have on my investigative slate that it would help us if- - Yeah, definitely. - 'Cause if it's a hard crash, we know that cell phone experienced something unusual when it was shut down and that's typical underwater and or it was smashed, broken, and so forth. If it was shut down, we now know it was in a deceptive manner and in a grand scheme of thing, that's a good thing because we know in a deceptive manner, he's disappeared and that leads us down to theory of he's out there somewhere and the search for Jed needs to continue. And are there any other points of interest in the case that should be on here that's gonna help us because knowing his travel and knowing his points of interests are gonna help us. Is there any points here locally that he liked to go to, that he liked to frequent? Was there a park or any place of significance that would be sentiment of emotional value to him? - He used to go to the Elks Lodge for the Civil Air Patrol meetings. - Where is that at on here? - It's that way. (laughs) - Let's see if we can look it up. - I'm sure you can. I'm sure the Elks Lodge would be in on a map. - So we have the Elk Lodge here off of East Elva. - Yeah, that's the right one. - That's it? All right. So we'll add that to the map and you said he liked, he had meetings here? - That was where his Civil Air Patrol meetings were. - Thursday evening. - All right, so we had the Elk's Lodge there. Any other places of significance that he liked to go to? Was there hangout spot with friends? - I mean, he worked at Grandpas Southern Bar-B-Q so he went there a lot. - You said grandpa's? - Yep, Grandpa's Southern Bar-B-Q. It's on Broadway. - It's gonna be right here off of West Broadway. - That's the one. - Nice, and we're gonna add that to our search grid. - That's very regular. - All right, so we have home address, we have school where he was that night, and we know he entered the school and he was leaving something sentimental to a female friend of his. - So that's another potential spot on the thing. We know that he was visiting that girl that he left the money for and the necklace, and she worked at Reed's Dairy. - She worked at Reed's Dairy. - Yes. - And that will be within that five-mile radius 'cause he would often finish work and then- - And that's also on West Broadway? - Yes, and he would stop by the dairy to visit with her before he came home. - And in regards to the money that was left in the locker, do you know how much it was? - $1,000. - $1,000, and what else was left along with the $1,000? - A necklace that he had made. - A necklace he made, oh, awesome. That was very sweet of him. Was there any note or- - Yeah, there was a note. - Okay, did we know what that note said at all? - Yeah, Dr. Phil's got the... He had me read it. - Okay, all right, so we have that already. - [Man] Can I jump in real quick? I just wanna ask you something. What is, they put down that red marker there. What does that mean? - That means they have a car. - Thank you very much. We usually come into this when the families have already moved through that process of, I do believe my lost loved one is underwater and so it's even that much more sensitive for me to have these conversations and that much more difficult to have this conversation of I'm going to clear this for you in hopes that we don't find him, and if we do find him, it takes away all hopes for Amy and for Allen that Jed's gonna be driving in the driveway. You heard her. I think he's gonna come driving the driveway any minute now. And that's difficult to hear, and that's what makes it even more difficult for me to be out here right now because it's almost as though I'm like, "I don't believe you at all and that's why I'm here," and I don't like that feeling. I really do dislike being here today, and you might say, "Jared, why are you there?" In some small ways like, well, what if Jed is here and I can give his mom answers sooner than later, but I don't wanna take that hope away from her either. I don't know how to explain it. It's hard. Yeah, this water is not deep out here at all right now. Like it's only six feet deep. We did have that shelf up by the bridge as the channel comes down. It got down to 25, 30 feet. Oh, oh, oh oh hold on. What do we got it right here? It's only six feet of water. It's only a few inches under the water. (boat engine rumbling) Right there, what is that? No freaking way. You see that? Give me the camera. Right there. (suspenseful music) (Jared breathes deeply) Right side up on its wheels. Just put a magnet on it right here on the, it is right here. I do not like this at all because if this is his, like I just took away all hope from her for what it is we just got done talking about, Josh, and I don't like that. God, there it is right there. 14 feet of water right there, right off that cup. Right here. It's right underneath this far out for sure. Gosh, it's not what I wanted, Josh. It's what I wanted, but I didn't want it. I just want it to be a rock. We're on it, crap. I mean, it's a solid lock. Let me have a buoy. I wanna look that car up. Hatchback, I have a hatchback. - [Man] That's what you're seeing on your screen? Hatchback car, small. - [Man] So what, that positioning right there, does that have any significance? - Yes, that has a, where that buoy is positioned is that means the vehicle that entered there came directly off this boat ramp, floated down, and then rested right there on the bottom. It's classic. That's about, I would say, 75 yards or so here from the boat ramp. So we have a very small vehicle, light in weight, and for the vehicle, a large cabin space. Yes, of Nissan Versa is not big. However, the cabin space compared to the size and weight of the vehicle is a lot of air inside of the vehicle, which makes it buoyant, which is why it will float so far. That combined with the air in the tires will, the vehicles will float sometimes two up to 10 minutes long. - [Man] Okay. - Obviously, if worst case scenario, this is what we're looking for, so then it's be gonna become a crime scene. The authority and detectives are here already. This is not what we're looking for, we're gonna dive it, we're gonna move on. we'll clear it, but we'll continue our search. We're gonna make the most out of daylight as we can. - This is one of those situations whereas I'm out on the water, I'm having conversations with Josh of the, I don't want to take away your hopefulness that he's gonna be driving up the driveway in the same way that right now, I don't want to say that I have found your vehicle and that I found your son. What I'm going to say right now is I have found a smaller vehicle similar in shape to the one that Jed left in. We do not, until we put eyes on it, and this is where it becomes really difficult for me because of the, do we want it to be, do we not want it to be? As Doug goes down, we're all up here on shore holding our breath until he comes up and he gives us. So for the next hour is intense for all of us with a slew of emotions, and it's gonna take Doug about 20, 25 minutes to get suited up. Hang out on shore, hang out with your husband right now. While Doug is suiting up, I'm going to continue to scan additional 'cause we're not hanging our hat on. There's so much that can still happen so- thank you. That's my live. Only eight feet deep. - From side. - No, it's on its wheels, look. Looks like it's been smashed like something's ran over the top of it from time to time 'cause it's so shallow at times in here. - [Amy Hall] Jed is a happy kid. It was completely out of the loop. (upbeat suspenseful music) - [Man] Remember the plate number? Had an E, F in it. - Yup. - We've got Doug is able to stand directly on top of the vehicle right now. It's been crushed down? It's been smashed? So boats, have boats have ran over this vehicle multiple times so it's been hit over the last four years, crushing the top of it, similar to what we did, what we saw with the Nadine Moses up in Marine City, Michigan, where a big, big barge just came right over the top of it. And we've seen it with other cars as well in shallow bodies of water. - Okay, he's got the rope and he's gonna go down. - So Doug popping down just now, it's only gonna take him 30 seconds to identify if this is our vehicle or not, but what he's going to do is he's gonna stay down probably two to three minutes at least. He's heading around the vehicle right now working to see if we can get a plate. A plate is gonna be a solid 100% yes, this is the vehicle we're looking for, and he'll do his best to take that off and bring it up for law enforcement for verification. (water burbling) I did some additional scanning all the way to the end of the island and out. There are zero cars in this river here. - [Doug] License plate reads 8BEF732. Oh my God, we just found Jed's vehicle. I'm going to begin my assessment of the vehicle. Back window is open, silted in. I'm coming around the driver's side. Driver's side and passenger's side rear window is intact. Passenger's side, front window is intact. - If this was not our vehicle, he would not be down there as long as he is down there. He would've already popped up to be like, "Nope, this is what it is," and we can move on. - [Doug] I just found a gun holster. I'm gonna begin my ascent topside. - Well, he doesn't look like he's got a license plate in his hand. Oh, he does have a license plate. I think that was his license plate. What was that license plate again? Yep, that's the one. That's his license plate. It's the same one as the matches the- - So at this point, - See- - So it is a Nissan Versa. - EF732. - It's a Nissan Versa. At this point, this is a crime scene. The authorities are gonna take possession of the area. They'll do an assessment as far as recovery is concerned, and obviously, even regards to the circumstances that was known, worst case scenario has to be theorized to protect the integrity of the evidence in the vehicle. So until the medical examiner- - So you would find the body in there. - Correct. It's his vehicle. I did my assessment of the vehicle. Front windshield is out, rear windshield is out, front bumper's missing, but no heavy damage. It's just current over the years, so forth. I did try my best to make identification. The entire vehicle was silted in. I went in as far as I could through the front windshield. I did place my hands on a shoe. There was nothing in the shoe. However, it is silted in. It's like cement in a sense. There was a bag on the surface. I was able to remove a pistol holster that was empty out of the bag. I tucked it back in the bag and pushed it bag back into the vehicle. So the front end of the vehicle is faced this way, really easy to recover. All the wheels are accessible and that's pretty much where we need to be. - So we would recommend a rotator at this point for pulling power. - Yeah, we'll get Hendrickson's out. That's who we trust when we're in the mud. - And then just keep it, make sure that we're not lifting it up and don't make stuff out the back. We need to keep it right on the bank and just bring it up with the power and just lift it up enough just to bring it up and out. - It is very critical that nothing go wrong. If anything goes wrong in this recovery, you run the risk of losing all of the contents of the vehicle. So I will rig each side that where we pick it up, nice and even, set it over here, and then your medical examiner do the assessment of the evidence in the vehicle on the land, but because those two windows are open, it's critical that nothing goes wrong. - As we continue to watch Amy throughout the day, the still not wanting to believe, and I'm 100% support her in not wanting to believe that his father was mil, not military, but was law enforcement, that with Jed, has a bug out plan. Is this a red herring? Is this part of his bug out plan? As we continue to find more and more evidence, that bug out plan and those theories become less and less. We now have a tennis shoe in the car. We now have the ammo bag in the car. We now have the holster in the car, which now leads us to believe that this really is the location in which Jedediah ended up. - 16 Years old. That's heavy. As a young man, he's still a baby in life, and if indeed there are human remains in this car, it's just tragic as it gets regardless of the circumstances. Just 16 years old. - It continues to be a tough one for me because the family did not call us in. They've not yet accepted that Jed needs to be found regardless of where he is at. The family is much different than we have ever worked with before and right now, emotionally, working with a family, I continue to say is the most difficult that I've ever worked on for that reason as as a parent, so- - You know, when you lose someone you love and you don't have answers, in order to move forward, you have to put up walls to exist, and fortunately for us, we're able to travel the country and provide those answers to nightmares and it's never closer. It's never closer. You never get over losing someone you love, but having the answers is gonna allow Allen and to just move forward and tear those walls down and know what happened. It's a lot mentally and emotionally, It's just, it's unfortunate set of circumstances that they're gonna need moving forward with those answers. We'll bring it right up the hillside right here, and what we'll need to do is we'll need to obviously shut down the entire area that way nobody's coming in or out. I'm sure a media will be here soon so... - [Jared] So I know this is it, what we were hoping for. It's not, I know we're here to do this, but it's not, as we were discussing, it's not what we were hoping for. - [Amy Hall] This isn't the happy outcome that I was hoping for. - [Jared] No, no. - [Amy Hall] But it isn't necessarily the horrendous outcome that it might be. We don't know. - And in the end, I hope that you have your happy outcome. I hope that Jed is- - Somewhere else that he ditched the car and ran. - Yes, yes, that this was just part of his red herring as everybody keeps saying that. We have all these little red herrings so- - Yeah, we had a lot of red herrings at the beginning where he has gone off to the mountains - And I hope that this is just another one. - Yep. - All right, we'll continue to do what we can. - Okay, thank you. - Yeah, one step at a time. - So we have Hendrickson's record service here. They operate out of Idaho, Utah, Wyoming. They have over a hundred trucks, rotator, 60 ton, three stage, gear end. This is the most ideal piece of equipment that it's gonna take to do this as efficiently as possible. That's got a three stage boom, got a total of about 40, 41 feet of boom out. I'm gonna go down, I'm gonna take these soft shackles right here down and rig the front of the vehicle. We're gonna pull it up nice and slow, and then we'll rotate it over right into this grassy area right on the other side of the rotator. - Everything. - So I don't know what's going on 'cause I feel like that's the back of the car unless the buoy just has some additional line in it now and we kind of moved it off or something, I'm not sure. Unless he's just trying to fill it out some more or to see if there's any remains and make sure we're not gonna lose anything. He's just doing an additional assessment under there. - [Man] Stay right here. I'm gonna come back up for that. - [Man] Copy. - Give me that. - So we need to clear this area. We're pulling it in right through here. (somber music) - So at this moment in time, I believe that Doug's happy with his hook points. You've got the toe guy that has the wireless cable controller and then Doug will hang out up there next to him and just kind of watch and make sure that everything goes as planned, and then the next, probably four, five minutes, we should see the car begin to surface right here. - We have the remains inside of the vehicle. - Doug came up and he told me there are remains inside there. - Damn it. - So I mean, at this point, obviously, we're gonna assume the worst. I just wanted to warn you guys 'cause they're gonna kinda drag it- - You're gonna put it right there, yeah. - So you know, that's, so- - I'm sorry. Well, not the closure I think we were looking for, really. - No. - Not really, not really. Very, very, very unexpected. Very unexpected. - [Amy Hall] So we're still not gonna get any answers why. - [Doug] So the first remains are gonna be able to identify right on the back. You got some clothing. - They're in the clothing, still dressed. - There's- - So you did find, you did see some of his- - [Doug] Oh yeah, yeah. I did identify him. - Okay, I didn't know if there had been anything, but you guys found him. (men conversing faintly) - [Amy Hall] God damn, you. (sniffs) Thank you, I think. - [Doug] I'm sorry. - [Allen Hall] No, you did your job and that side of what's closed up and it's not the ending we wanted, but it's an ending, right? So more than- - It's answers is what it is. - [Allen Hall] Is what it is, exactly. - Do you do hugs? - You're welcome. Thank you. - [Jared] I'm sorry. - [Amy Hall] Thank you. - [Jared] You're welcome. - Had so much to live for. - [News Reporter] The car 16-year old Jed hall was last seen driving was found in the Snake River in Idaho Falls Sunday morning. Inside, investigators found human remains. - And continuing coverage now, it is now confirmed that the body found in Jed Hall's car is indeed the missing Idaho Falls teen. (truck beeping) - Just needs to... (metal clanking) - [Amy Hall] Well, I think I have a new worst day. It was awful. It's kind of strange, in some ways, it's a little better just because we know it's not all those- - [Allen Hall] What if's. - Yeah. (sniffs)

  Top Comments:
  1. @MurrayH-vp7fp: Something horrific happened to this young lad for him to have done this so suddenly ~ THAT is the Answer the Mum will always wonder about & never have closure on😢
  2. @bn8579: I don’t like the dragged out conversation with the family so much. I think a brief background of the victim and a brief explanation of the process is enough. The family is anxious and can see how dry their mouths are from stress….. also grateful for the lord’s work these men are doing
  3. @thedavineempress: Sad this young man felt the need to off himself. On the surface, everything seemed normal and happy but the fact that she said he was known to takeoff is a red flag and that’s something people need to pay attention to. As someone who has struggled most of their life. That is really a sign and a cry for help. Whatever life this boy was living, he may have been feeling overwhelmed and needing to get away. He was probably already struggling with thoughts of suicide. Maybe he was living a life he really didn’t want to live for his parents or he thought he couldn’t measure up to the expectations. Either way it’s so very sad. Being a parent is so hard you do your very best to give your kids the best life but in reality, you can’t choose the life they live or don’t live. RIP. Condolences to those parents. They really did so much to give him the best life. ❤️‍🩹
  4. @AlM22: This is so sad :( only 16! Gosh, so young </3
  5. @R_M_Bae: It’s so sad that there is always so much “red tape” that stops the police from being able to carry out searches like this. You did in one day what they were unable to do in several years 😞
  6. @kathyhuhn9750: Question: after the vehicle is taken away with the remains inside, where is it taken? What's the process?
  7. @Letish190: I just wanna hug the mom.
  8. @justmetancyber543: god dam u " she's broken all her prayers all her hope, so sorry for your lost❤
  9. @justmetancyber543: Please Fund these people they doing a Great Job
  10. @LeemufakincorumCorum: Great work from Knoxville Tennessee
  11. @JamesGibson-u8k: oh Daym
  12. @trenawawrzyniak4397: Why don't they use a net or mesh to cover the open windows. Sadly alot of the time you never know why someone decides to end their own life.. It could be as simple as he liked the girl alot more than she liked him. He did leave her a note , 1 thousand dollars, and a necklace. That was his way of saying goodbye. Suicide hurts the living the most.
  13. @stevenryle5709: Reason, purpose, hope and faith. Hard for a 16 year old to sort through it all. I grew up in the 1950's and 60's and I don't remember ANYONE committing suicide. Maybe it just never made the papers.
  14. @darlenematthews9998: Such a handsome young man. May he rest in peace.
  15. @traceycrawley3193: Suicide is never the answer. The loved ones that are left behind are left with unanswered questions and lots of anger. If you or anyone you love needs help reach out for it. They’re tons of help you just have to ask.
  16. @BeckyH214: How is all of this just as difficult for this guy? I turned off after that.
  17. @Amar44-44: Ive  watched  so  many  of these show to see that the police doesn't  these cases or families seriously..the police departments  slack and its time to speak up ..
  18. @kevinoles2789: You should invent some window screens with strong magnets that you can place over oped windows to secure the inside when removing. Great job. Been binging your videos for 5 hours now.
  19. @2feathers911: It is better to have loved and lost than to never have loved at all.
  20. @caitlynnculleton6923: People speaking on how the mother is “acting”…..grief is different to everyone, none of us act exactly the same when grieving. But if you can’t hear the PAIN in that mother’s voice, the shaking as she is doing her best to keep it together when she’s trying to explain everything as she knows it. 

This is an impossible thing to imagine for anyone who hasn’t lost a child and we should be SO THANKFUL that we do not understand how she feels or how she is reacting. 

Kindness is free.

- Back hauling (Working my way back to Florida): Kind: captions Language: en about it sup guys over here and ever bring in Alabama which I think is came out of New Orleans dropped off that generates the video I shot I left there went to Mississippi picked up some military trailers - they're about to plop out about 6,000 pounds disappeared right there opposite directions got four points I'd be at 14 on this side but actually I could have just did to chain like I did on the back back here direct a down connect to the trailer that's more national one chain right there director how could it be the same thing on this this is actually one of my short scenes right here Oh stuff to wrap up like that one over there what did I just use that one chain that ones direct a town beside like I did this one to Military Trail not anything impressive but pull up out of house 6,000 pound each just to change on this that's it it's not too bad they say they was supposed to be total of 40 like 4 inches or something like it's what's been sticking over a little bit but it's not IDC I got probably about about 2 feet there you will I should let the other polygraph they not really fun enough but that's enough space of enough touching but I could have backed up a little bit more that's about all about back here it's actually both sides but that's it guys had thickness over two giorgia Fort Fort Benning Georgia which is probably about two hours out I think I just want to shut it down right here and we take it there down the Florida all right guys I said oh oh hey one more thing let's say these are 5/16 chain I'm probably going to switch out to all 318 but uh I do have 3/8 chain this is actually a create change right here that's 3/8 that's 3/8 and that's 3/8 they're like I got two 5/16 chains on here I think I probably have about four or five or six five sixteenths anchor this world but I'm gonna get a couple more I see gasps miss Pattinson you guys next time be safe

- MEN OF GLOUCESTER MASSACHUSETTS  NEW ENGLAND FISHING INDUSTRY  1946 FORD MOTOR FILM  43544: Kind: captions Language: en gosh right in the prime of life huh yeah well as I was telling Susan you've got to look at these things kind of [Music] sensible I'm home again home in glou Massachusetts at the end of capan I parked my car on the top of the hill and had a good long look this is where I belong I was surprised my first day home to see how little the town has changed I drifted on the tide of Main Street taking in the old familiar sites and the people I used to know it's still a ship-shaped town still married to the Sea after three centuries and still dedicated to the man in fishing clothes to the sailors who bring the Harvest from the sea it was good to see the old Skipper again braced on his Granite deck forever staring across the harbor for some trace of the 10,000 gloucestermen who have perished at Sea in my town tears and salt water have always mixed for the first time it's as though I'm seeing my town Through The Eyes of a tourist I'm shock ing for scenes of my childhood it took the antique shops to remind me that gler was born in 1610 I think that makes us an early American Community although we don't make too much fuss about tradition maybe we're a little proud of our age but we're proud of still of our looks little things like weather-beaten sheds Lobster pots and markers drying in the sun color splashes everywhere the artists know our Beauty they come here summer after summer and for them September Comes too soon oh it's pretty all right but no Town gets fire on good looks alone this one certainly doesn't there's too much work to be done and that means fishing in one year's time gler Halls 200 million pounds of fish from the sea strangers used to ask me what does it take to put that much fish on the table and then I'd tell them tell them about patient hands that solve a million knots tough hands that tackle tough jobs like racking miles of fishnet to dry in sun I tell them about the quick Shore Hands that flick meaty fillets from the packing room conveyor belt and tuck them into a million boxes with never a fumble then I'd sing out the story of hands that build gloucester's wooden boats in a shipyard that's been operating here since 1684 honest Oak from the forests of Maine the skill of proud cers who learned their trade from their fathers and who teach it to their sons four months of steady work and a Gloucester fishing boat is born strong and ready for the Sea's big fist yet there's another kind of strength here every year the Archbishop comes down from Boston to bless our Fleet gloucestermen know it takes more than sturdy ships and good navigation to keep coming back from the fishing Banks from the graveyard of the Atlantic the people listen and pray for The Men Who sail the fleet the way we look at it ships are no better than the men who take them to Deep Water the sea is no place for timid heart hearts and soft hands Gloucester has to build rugged men from the cradle onward a gler child grows up beside the sea the song of the surf is his first lpy when he swings high on a swing the sea is under his shoes the ball he hits for his first home run may bounce into the outgoing tide his shadow is cast on the water a prophecy of life ahead some people say you can tell a glan by the cut of his jib I think there is a glosser look the Milkman and the mayor have it in common with captains and Captain's wies in the Gloucester scheme of things good ships and good men get together the test of both comes every day in this town I think of that test every time the Santa Maria heads out for mackerel she looks Mighty trim every seaworthy foot of her she has tons of crushed ice in her gizard and her San boat Trails behind her like a Sea Dog on a leash most of the crew were kids with me now they're a standout team that takes more mackerel than any other crew in the fleet Santa Maria has two captains one is Peter gasi who can see more mackerel with his eyes half closed than most men could see with a telescope the other is Peter Mercurio a steel muscled allaround saltwater boss good crew good cook that's veto gerardi one of the best a man at C eats enough for three so veto's reputation is on the Block three times a day and he knows the boys won't stand for too much mackerel mackerel gypsies of the sea are where you find them 400 yd or 400 miles from home gasi shouts from the Crow's Nest he sees a patch of boiling water there they are slashing dancing mackerel swarming near surface the crew gets the same boat ready for action every seam of the Santa Maria buckles down to business every pulse quickens for the age-old excitement of the Chase is still here the diesel engines Roar Full Speed Ahead and the Santa Maria Cuts deep in the water as she toes the S boat in a huge circle around the school of fish teamwork is vital now out of the same boat shoots the big mackerel Saint 1,500 ft long 177 ft deep get it out and get those ends together like a giant spider the Santa Maria spins her web on the water the sea sweeps in on this man-made Circle trying to pull it apart but the ring holds and now the men move like machines as they see their chances growing 4 Acres of salt water and thousands of mackerel are in that net now they start closing the Trap the winch snorts and whines as the underside of the S is pulled together like an oldfashioned drawring purse every turn of the winch is important now for the mackerel can dive for the ocean floor before the person strings Clos the Trap the boys have set their s thousands of times but there's a new challenge with every spread of the net and now they put their muscle to it hands and arms and sturdy backs strained together as the long pull begins how many pounds of fish in the net a boatload or just enough to wet the deck back on the mother ship the home God fences off the deck for the Avalanche that's going to come aboard this is a crew at the peak of performance every man with a job to do and every man doing his job that's the way it's been in Gloucester for 300 years that's the way it has to be these men must work as a team their lives depend on it sometimes their livelihood always heavy with mackerel the sagging net is close hauled to the Santa Maria there's a pocket of silver there in the sea but it feels like lead down goes the dipnet with every scoop 1,000 lb of mackerel comes out of the sea up and down hour after hour The Dip Net ladles a good day's w from the bulging trap enough mackerel to feed 2,000 families shimmers on the deck like a heavy rain scales fly through the air like Sparks from a forge every time a lid comes off the deck $40 to $100 worth of fresh mackerel Goes Down the Hatch to a bed of chopped ice below at the end of a Long Day's fishing the Santa Maria will hold no no more she turns Homeward in the fading light tension is gone now the crew relaxes on Deck cheerful men going home unaware that back home back and Gloucester in the dying afternoon there's something Restless in the heaven a storm is gathering and heading out to sea in days of sail storms took a heavy toll of ships and men today we have a better Le on life but we're still uneasy when the wind is from the noreast at Eastern Point the Lighthouse Keeper climbs the tower and checks his light keeping it alive in the Darkness a woman prays for her husband's safe return a mother watches from her window and wait just a few steps off Main Street the oldtimers go right on with their game storms make them a little restless and stir memories of their bouts with the sea but they have confidence in the men who took their places but storms always end gler always gives thanks for that once a year gla's fishermen pay their respects to the patron saint of all fishermen Democratic St Peter through the narrow twisting streets fishermen carry a 600b statue of their beloved Saint the men of the Santa Maria are always in the line Peter Mercurio Peter garasi Tony aloy veto Peter fente Joe sonagra Tony savasi this is their unfailing day off and a day off for mackerel too the parade winds on for two long miles some women March all the way in their stocking feet they promised in their prayers to do this in return for the safekeeping of their loved ones at Sea St Peter's Fiesta is Carnival time and visitors come from everywhere to celebrate with cluster my ears were ringing but I felt that I was officially home [Applause] again I went down to the shore to watch the sa booat race a busman's holiday for mackerel fisherman throwing boats on their day off I wanted to be a boy again when when I saw the gree pole contest when I was a kid we called it the slide for Life whoops the idea hasn't changed grab the flag at the end of the pole there's always one lad who turns the trick I suppose there's a lot more to be said about gler statistics and little things like the fact that glester is an island things like that but I keep thinking most about our people and our way of life that's what makes our town what it is Peter Mercurio's family stands for all of us some of us descended from original Yankee settler others came here from Italy Sicily Portugal the azors Nova Scotia Finland wherever men follow the sea but we're Americans we put tons of fish in the market baskets of America and we live in harmony here in Gloucester everywhere I've gone since I left this town it's been the same people who work together can live together if they try and gluster tries good Americans Americans at home

  Top Comments:
  1. @maxmama209 [11 likes]: OMG!!!!!! So random.. I was looking up Gloucester for the heck of it bcuz my mother's side of the family is from there. My Grampy was a fisherman & my mother & her two sisters & my Nana were all born there. THEY ARE IN THIS FILM!!!!!! At 1:20 my Grandfather & Grandmother (Mr. & Mrs. Anthony & Eleanor Savalli)are carrying either my Auntie Toni Louise Savalli or Auntie Sandy while strolling down the street, my mom Donna was not born yet. Later on 16:32 (timing is a bit off) my grandfather (Anthony-Tony-Savalli) is walking in a blue shirt  with the captain and crew of the fishing boat he worked on in the St. Peter parade!!!! I recognize them from photos we had in our house. They seem to be of the same trip. My beloved Grandfather 7:56 was the most beautiful person, he could do anything, oilpainting, greenest thumbs ever in the garden, but above all the best fishermen & lover of the sea until he died. This is a priceless gift that I never knew existed! I can't wait to show my Aunt. Unfortunately my grandparents and my mother have passed away but my two Aunts are gonna freak!!! Unbelievable!!! THANK YOU Periscope films!!! ♡♡♡☆☆☆☆♡♡♡♡
  2. @ScrapMetalBomb [3 likes]: Look at the way Americans used to come together as Christians with that old sense of what it was to be American.  Now we let television dictate our Identities and tell us when to wear masks. It's a disgrace .
  3. @mk202 [3 likes]: My father had a commercial fishing business in Gloucester during the 80’s. We had migrated back to MA from where we were living in Chicago because my father’s lifelong dream was to have fishing boats working out of Gloucester. 

We lived in Magnolia and he had two 90 foot trawlers that docked in Rose’s Wharf. It was the happiest time of his life, and he was very successful for many years. My comment is more about Gloucester itself, though. 

The people in Gloucester form the most hard working, family oriented, resilient, community I have ever known. Gloucester is one of  the very few places you’ll find that has never forgotten the past, and the spirit you see in this film from 60 years ago is remarkably well preserved to this day. 

It’s 19 years old now, but the film The Perfect Storm is an excellent snapshot of Gloucester and it’s fascinating culture in more modern times. It’s a great story, and the depiction of the local culture of the fishing industry on both water and land in the early 1990’s is represented with great accuracy and depth. 

If Gloucester interests you- it’s a must see. 😉
  4. @lestersabados1306 [1 likes]: All wooden old trawlers are pretty much gone. And the ravens chaism up by magnolia is a great view of the Atlantic and you can see Boston on a clear day.
  5. @courtenayredis01930 [1 likes]: what a wonderful, nostalgic walk through the history, streets and lives of Gloucester. My family has visited Gloucester for more than 50 years, and members of my family have lived (and one still does) in Gloucester. What a remarkable city.
  6. @marcogallo9026: One of the captains, Peter Guarrasi, is my uncle. It is impressive to see him young, climbing the mast.
  7. @glengrieve544: Great content and beautifully presented thank you
  8. @lestersabados1306: Beverly ma football vs. Gloucester is a great rivalry. 100 seasons or more. tough guys on both teams.
  9. @davidswanson8493: The good old days.
  10. @kevinchaves2166: Nice vid 😎👍

- The Financial Struggle: FEMA’s Crisis in North Carolina and Georgia Hurricane Recovery: Kind: captions Language: en the Carolinas are no strangers to Nature's wrath year after year they brace themselves for the inevitable onslaught of hurricane season hurricane season brings a familiar dread a sense of for boing that hangs heavy in the air as dark clouds gather on the horizon this year like many before brought powerful storms leaving destruction in their wake streets turned into rivers and neighborhoods were unrecognizable North Carolina and Georgia faced torrential rains and Howling winds the Relentless force of nature showed no mercy battering everything in its path homes were reduced to Rubble businesses were destroyed lives were lost the community was left to pick up the pieces of their shattered lives the smell of damp Decay lingered in the air a constant reminder of the devastation that had occurred water logged belongings lay strewn across once cozy living rooms it was a stark reminder of the long road to recovery ahead cleanup efforts began almost immediately but the scale of the damage was overwhelming families huddled in shelters grappling with shock and loss the sense of community was strong but the pain of loss was palpable the storm had passed but the scars it left would take years to heal rebuilding would be a slow and arduous process the need for immediate aid was critical volunteers and Emergency Services worked tirelessly to provide relief to those affected people needed shelter food and medical attention the community came together sh showing resilience and solidarity in the face of adversity amidst the chaos there were moments of Hope children played in shelters and neighbors supported each other proving that even in the darkest times Humanity shines through the rebuilding efforts began with construction Crews working around the clock to restore homes and infrastructure the road to recovery was long but the spirit of the community remained unbroken Community Gatherings became a source of strength as people came together to share their stories and support one another the resilience of the human Spirit was on full display as the sun set over the damaged landscape there was a sense of hope and renewal the journey to rebuild was just beginning but the community was determined to Rise From the Ashes stronger than ever [Music] before in the face of disaster the Federal Emergency Management agency or FEMA is often the first line of defense FEMA's mission is to help people before during and after disasters they provide essential resources to those affected by hurricanes floods and other emergencies FEMA's immediate response include search and rescue operations they also provide temporary shelter food and water in the long term FEMA offers financial assistance for housing repairs and rebuilding they also help communities become more resilient to Future disasters the agency's work is crucial in helping communities get back on their feet despite its critical role FEMA has faced significant funding challenges in recent years Congress has repeatedly cut FEMA's budget this has left the agency stretch thin and struggling to meet the growing demands of increasingly frequent and severe disasters the lack of adequate funding has real world consequences it means fewer resources are available to help communities prepare for and recover from disasters this puts lives at risk and slows down the recovery process the funding crisis has left FEMA IL equipped to handle the magnitude of the recent hurricanes the funding shortages have a direct impact on hurricane victims delays in receiving aid are common many families are forced to live in damaged homes or in shelters for extended periods the emotional toll of displacement and uncertainty adds to their burden many struggle to rebuild their lives with limited financial assistance the process of navigating FEMA's bureaucracy can be overwhelming especially for those who have lost everything the lack of adequate support exacerbates the trauma and hardship faced by hurricane victims it highlights the urgent need for increased funding for FEMA section five a political Battleground FEMA funding in the crossfire the Federal Emergency Management agency or FEMA is often caught in the middle of political debates especially when it comes to funding the agency's role is crucial in responding to natural disasters but its budget is frequently a point of contention among lawmakers FEMA's budget has become a political football every year as natural disasters become more frequent and severe the need for adequate funding grows however the allocation of these funds is often influenced by political agendas and partisan battles disasters often expose the partisan divide in Washington when hurricanes wildfires or flood strike the immediate need for Relief and Recovery resources becomes apparent yet the process of securing these resources is anything but straightforward some lawmakers prioritize disaster relief funding recognizing the urgency of the situation they visit affected areas hold press conferences and push for immediate action to support their constituents and communities in need others are reluctant to allocate additional funds they argue that increasing FEMA's budget without addressing broader fiscal issues is irresponsible they cite concerns about government spending and the national debt these lawmakers believe that fiscal responsibility should not be overlooked even in the face of natural disasters this political gridlock has real consequences for people on the ground when funding is delayed or reduced the impact is felt most acutely by those who have lost their homes their livelihoods and even their loved ones it delays the delivery of vital Aid and hinders the recovery process emergency responders and volunteers work tirelessly to provide assistance but their efforts are often hampered by the lack of resources the politicization of disaster relief undermines FEMA's ability to effectively serve those in need the agency's mission is to help communities recover and rebuild but political interference can make this Mission difficult to achieve it underscores the need for a more compassionate and bipartisan approach to disaster funding by setting aside political differences and focusing on the common goal of helping those affected by disasters lawmakers can ensure that FEMA has the resources it needs to respond swiftly and effectively section six Local Heroes communities rising to the challenge in the face of adversity the human Spirit shines through while FEMA struggles to meet the overwhelming need local communities in North Carolina and Georgia have stepped up to fill the gaps neighbors are helping neighbors volunteers are pouring in from all over the country churches are providing shelter and meals Community organizations are Distributing essential supplies these acts of kindness and solidarity are a testament to the resilience of the human Spirit they provide a Beacon of Hope in the midst of Devastation section seven a glimmer of hope the power of collective action the outpouring of support from local communities highlights a crucial truth in times of Crisis the strength of our Collective Spirit shines through we are not alone in the face of disaster when hurricanes strike they leave behind a trail of Destruction but they also reveal the resilience and compass passion of humanity the power of collective action can make a real difference in the lives of those affected by hurricanes it's in these moments that we see the best of humanity as people come together to support one another every donation no matter how small can help provide food shelter and hope to those who need it most from canned goods to warm blankets each item can bring Comfort to someone in need volunteering time and skills can help rebuild homes and communities skill SK labor such as carpentry and plumbing is invaluable in the aftermath of a hurricane even unskilled labor like clearing debris plays a crucial role in recovery spreading awareness about the plight of hurricane victims can Galvanize support and resources social media campaigns community events and Word of Mouth can all help to mobilize Aid and bring attention to those in need together we can be a force for Good by uniting our efforts we can overcome the challenges posed by natural disasters and help rebuild lives and communities the power of collective action is a testament to the strength and resilience of the human Spirit navigating the FEMA aid application process can be daunting the forms are lengthy and complex the requirements for eligibility can be confusing many survivors already overwhelmed by loss struggle to understand the process they may miss out on crucial assistance Community organizations are stepping in to bridge this Gap they offer guidance on filling out applications understanding eligibility criteria and appealing denied claims these organizations play a vital role in ensuring that survivors receive the aid they desperately need the road to recovery after a hurricane is long and arduous rebuilding homes and businesses takes time money and immense effort the emotional toll of loss and displacement can linger for years Mental Health Services are crucial in helping survivors cope with trauma and rebuild their lives lives long-term recovery also requires addressing the root causes of vulnerability this includes investing in infrastructure improvements strengthening building codes and promoting sustainable land use practices the suffering caused by inadequate disaster relief funding is preventable we must urge our elected officials to prioritize FEMA funding contact your representatives and demand they support increased budget allocations for disaster preparedness and response advocate for policies that prioritize the needs of disaster victims support organizations working on the ground to provide Aid and long-term recovery support our voices when United can create meaningful change hurricanes are a fact of life in coastal regions as climate change intensifies these storms are becoming more frequent and severe we must prioritize building more resilient communities this means investing in infrastructure improvements that can withstand extreme weather events it also means promoting sustainable land use practices that reduce the risk of flooding and erosion by taking proactive steps we can mitigate the impact of future disasters and protect the lives and livelihoods of our communities

- Too Broke To Leave A Hurricane Because Of The Economy: Kind: captions Language: en even if I did want to evacuate where am I going this is people trying to get out of Tampa gridlock welcome to nice finance and hopefully we can encourage each other to hang in there if you haven't done so already please consider liking the video sharing the video and also subscribing to this channel for more videos like this even if I did want to evacuate where am I going this is people trying to get out of Tampa gridlock I just saw video of a woman that's been on the road for 4 hours and in 4 hours it's been bumper to bumper traffic she only moved 60 miles 60 miles in 4 hours from Orlando it takes about 3 hours to get to Miami and that's over 200 miles and you telling me that in 4 hours you ain't even so the whole time you sitting in the car you're burning gas okay soon these gas stations are not going to have any more gas I was born and raised in Miami and we do hurricanes and we never ever leave and I lived like 20 minutes from the beach grown up for the most part I have all my Necessities I'm going to make a video tomorrow and show y'all where I'm sleeping I have a decent size walking closet so we're just going to hunker down in there with the kitties me and my daughter um and we have batteries we have a oneee butane stove I cooked already today so that food is freezing we got water and we just going to write it out but I will definitely keep y'all posted now I seen a lot of Florida peoples in my comment on my last post and I didn't know so many of y'all were local so definitely engage with this post let me know how you guys are doing and if there's anything that we can do after this to help let's do it but y'all know how we do Floridians let's hunker down y'all be like y'all need to evacuate y'all need to evacuate do y'all got evacuation money cuz I can't afford my rent here you think I can afford to go somewhere else like it's not free to evacuate gas already high and you talking about I need to get on the road go somewhere and I got the pay to go wherever I'm going like what are y'all talking about EV you not taking it serious baby my bank account I guess not taking it serious cuz I can't afford that this is the hillbo County Sheriff's Office you are are in a mandatory evacuation Zone please leave now we anticipate significant storm surge and intense wind moving into the area ASM damn that [Music] scar people in Florida are being encouraged to evacuate ahead of hurricane Milton and I need to explain to y'all how difficult that is going to be so that when inevitably they're unable to do so maybe just maybe y'all will have a little bit of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] empathy the Tampa Airport is closing tomorrow at 9:00 a.m. if you cannot get a flight out before tomorrow at 9:00 a.m. you're not flying out and these flights are incredibly expensive and they're already full if you have a car you can try to drive out but I am hearing that gas stations are running out of gas and if you don't have a car good luck finding one because a lot of the rental cars were destroyed during Hurricane Helen just 2 weeks ago but hey maybe you're able to get a rental car maybe you're able to start driving you've got to drive all the way out of the state because there's nowhere to stay in the state the hotels the airbnbs they're all booked up so you have to spend who knows how long on the road driving to Georgia or South Carolina who mind you is also recovering from Hurricane Helen from Tampa to Atlanta is normally an 8-hour Drive I would expect that to double I would be shocked if that didn't take 16 hours today and tomorrow and you got to make sure that you make it today and tomorrow because you don't want to be stuck on the highway during this storm and that's just how difficult the logistics of evacuating in this moment are that's not even getting into the cost of evacuating right now a cost that a lot of these people probably can't afford because all of their [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] was destroyed 2 weeks ago during Hurricane Helen and these communities haven't had time to rebuild I'm actually incredibly concerned because a lot of people whose homes were flooded they've put all of their destroyed belongings out on the curb to be picked up they haven't been picked up so now we have all of these destroyed belongings sitting on the street and a hurricane with winds over 100 miles hour is about to blow through and blow all of that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] all over the place destroying who knows what Florida is in a very dire situation right now I have friends who were already homeless after Helen they've got nothing to lose I guess at this point but that's the world these people are living in so when you're judging them for not responding to this new storm the way you would have please think about the fact that you have never had to deal with anything like this and you should pray that you never have to my family was supposed to go down to Sarasota next week to celebrate my mom's 60th birthday we've had to cancel that trip because we don't know if our property will even be there next week and we are lucky because that property is not a property that any of my family is currently living in full-time so we have a place to go a lot of people do not have anywhere to go and I just need to be very very very clear that this moment is caused by climate change it has been alarming to me the amount of climate change denial that I have seen on the internet recently people being like well there's always storms it's hurricane season it's always like this it is not always like this it is not the Gulf of Mexico is warmer than it's supposed to be and that is making these storms stronger science is telling us this I don't know why people have become so anti-science but the science could not be more clear that climate change is the cause of these disasters anyway please have empathy for the people in Florida and Beyond who are going to be dealing with the impacts of this storm if you are angry please take that righteous anger and direct it towards the people who could actually do something right now the House of Representatives is currently on recess and Republican Speaker of the House Mike son is not going to go back into session so that FEMA can get more funding if you are someone that is angry about FEMA response go be angry at Republicans for cutting that funding and while we're at it be angry at those same Republicans for blocking climate legislation for years and I'm not just talking about climate legislation that would reduce our emissions to tackle the climate crisis I'm also talking about climate resiliency projects like building seaw walls in our Wetlands which help weaken these hurricanes which help communities withstand these hurricanes again these are things that Republicans have been going after for years and once the storm goes through be ready to offer in support where you can I will have lots of mutual Aid resources to share lots of GoFundMe to share after this storm I promise you that what would you say to people tonight who are saying you know what I'm going to ride this out I've ridden others out what what would you say to people who aren't heing those evacuation orders uh well I can tell you right now that uh they may have done that in others there's never been one like this and this helain helain was a wakeup call uh this is literally catastrophic and I can say without any dramatization whatsoever if you choose to stay in one of those evacuation areas you're going to die wow I I mean that is an incredibly blunt message and and I know you have a lot of experience dealing with these storms you don't say something like that lightly mayor I've never said that and 10 to 12T surge I mean if this takes a jog to the South that's going to save us from the storm surge but it stays on the track that it's projected to be on showcasing those videos we are facing a time that we've never seen before in this country we are all in this together and we definitely should prepare and get ourselves ready cuz it could definitely get worse before it gets better

- Why CHOSEN ONES Are Struggling Financially: Kind: captions Language: en have you ever wondered why despite your talent your heart for God and your desire to help others you still seem to struggle financially why do the chosen ones handpicked by God often find themselves broke While others seem to thrive effortlessly is it punishment or is there a deeper Divine Purpose behind it all in today's video we're going to uncover the powerful truth behind why the chosen ones often face financial hardship and trust me this revelation will change the way you see your struggles stay with me until the end because what you're about to hear could transform not only your mindset but your entire path forward we'll also pray a powerful prayer in the mighty name of Jesus so stick around to the end and open up your heart to receive the blessings of this prayer One Financial lack is not always a sign of God's absence often times it is a tool in his Sovereign hand I know it's not easy to hear this especially when bills are piling up when opportunities seem distant and when you feel forgotten by the world but let me remind you God never uses lack to destroy you he uses it to develop you yes being broke might just be part of God's Divine Design to shape you into who you need to be for the assignment he has for your life two God wants you to rely on him not Material wealth understand this beloved material wealth can often become a crutch that diminishes your dependence on God the world teaches you to chase after riches as though money is the ultimate provider but let me tell you something God is your ultimate provider when the Israelites wandered in the wilderness it wasn't wealth that sustained them it was Mana from heaven in Deuteronomy 8:3 God said man shall not live by bread alone but by every word that proceeds seeds from the mouth of God the chosen ones those marked by God for his purposes often find themselves in seasons of lack because God is teaching them this foundational truth if you have him you have everything the absence of financial abundance is designed to deepen your faith to strip away the false sense of security that money brings and to bring you back to your knees in prayer seeking God as Jehovah jir your provider you may be broke but you are not abandoned you are being trained to trust in the one who owns cattle on a thousand hills Psalm 50:10 third God is testing your heart for integrity now let's talk about integrity sometimes Financial lack is God's way of testing the motives of your heart money is a revealer of character are you serving God or are you serving money are you pursuing wealth or are you pursuing his will in Matthew 6:2 4 Jesus makes it clear no one can serve two masters either you will hate the one and love the other or you will be devoted to the one and despise the other you cannot serve both God and money God allows Financial struggle to strip away the pride the self-reliance and the greed that can so easily entangle us he wants to know that when the blessing comes your heart is pure and your motives are right he wants to know that you will use what he gives you for his purposes not for self- glorification God is testing your integrity in this season refining your motives so that when wealth comes you are not corrupted by it but rather you use it as a tool to bless others and Advance his kingdom the struggle is to refine you not punish you for you are not mature enough to handle wealth yet let's be real some of you are not financially blessed right now because you are not spiritually mature enough to handle the blessings that wealth brings maturity in the spirit precedes material blessings and God In His Infinite Wisdom is cultivating that maturity in you let me break it down too much wealth too soon will destroy you if you haven't first developed the character to sustain it look at the story of The Prodigal Son in Luke 1511 to 32 he asked for his inheritance prematurely and what happened he squandered it immaturity leads to the waste of a blessing likewise God may be withholding Financial abundance in this season because he is refining your character teaching you humility responsibility and wisdom he is making sure that when the blessing comes you won't just spend it but you will Steward it when you are mature you understand that wealth is not just for you it is for the kingdom you are being prepared to be a conduit of blessing not just a consumer of it this delay is not a denial it is divine preparation God is preparing you for something bigger something greater but he will not release it until he knows you can handle it five spiritual warfare and attacks by the enemy let me take you to the battlefield of the spirit some of you are broke not because of what you've done wrong but because of who you are in the kingdom of God Financial struggle can be the direct result of spiritual warfare don't get it twisted the enemy is fully aware of your potential he knows that if you get access to resources you will use them to advance the kingdom of God to bless others and to break generational curses so what does he do he throws up roadblocks he creates resistance and he tries to choke your access to resources but hear me beloved this struggle is not a sign of defeat it is evidence of your significance when you are being attacked financially it is often because the enemy is terrified of the impact you will make once you are financially free Ephesians 6:12 reminds us that we do not wrestle against flesh and blood but against principalities powers and spiritual wickedness in high places the Financial struggle is not just natural it's spiritual but you are not fighting this battle alone God is with you and your Victory is already secured in Christ Jesus you will overcome this and when you do your financial testimony will be a testament to God's power and provision six you are in a season of preparation for greater things your financial struggle is a sign that you are in a season of preparation for greater things yes I said great things God often allows seasons of lack to shape and mold his chosen ones into vessels that can carry out Divine assignments just like David had to tend sheep in the wilderness before he became king and just like Joseph had to endure the pit and the prison before he reached the palace you are in a season of preparation don't despise this season for it is in these moments of financial strain that your resilience is being built your faith is being being tested and your spiritual Insight is being sharpened Romans 53:4 tells us we glory in our sufferings because we know that suffering produces perseverance perseverance character and character hope this is your season of growth your season of strengthening your season of becoming who God needs you to be before he releases the full measure of His blessings in your life seven God wants to protect you from the dangers of wealth the Bible says in Proverbs 16:18 Pride goes before destruction and a hay spirit before a fall God knows the Temptations that come with wealth he knows how it can lure even the strongest Souls into a place of Pride greed and a loss of focus on what truly matters him in his Mercy he may choose to withhold Financial abundance until your spirit is fortified enough to carry the weight of it for many of you being broke is not a punishment it's a hedge of protection God is safeguarding you from the very dangers that wealth can bring wealth has a way of whispering false promises it tells you that you are self-sufficient that you no longer need to depend on God riches can seduce even the elect leading them away from their Divine Purpose and into a life consumed by materialism ISM so God in his wisdom says not yet he knows that until you are spiritually mature enough to handle the weight of wealth without losing your soul in the process he must keep you financially limited Matthew 6:24 reminds us no one can serve two masters you cannot serve both God and money God is protecting you from making money your master before you've mastered your soul eight a divine redirection of your focus sometimes Financial lack is God's way of redirecting your focus from what you want to what he wants for you understand child of God that success in the kingdom is not measured by the size of your bank account but by the depth of your spiritual alignment with his will many of you are enduring Financial struggle because God is turning your attention away from chasing worldly success to pursuing Eternal significance the struggles you face financially are often God's way of saying my child there's more to your life than the accumulation of wealth Colossians 3 column 2 instructs Us set your minds on things above not on Earthly things sometimes God uses financial hardship to clear your vision to wipe away distractions and to set your eyes on the higher calling he has for you you see when money is Flowing it's easy to get caught up in material Pursuits but when the flow stops suddenly your priorities shift you start to ask Lord what do you want from me and in that Stillness God begins to speak purpose into your life Divine callings that often have nothing to do with financial gain but everything to do with eternal reward God may be allowing Financial lack to reframe your priorities and push you deeper into Ministry serving others or fulfilling a Divine calling that transcends material wealth nine to build empathy and compassion for others let me remind you of this Chosen One Financial struggle as a way of softening your heart toward others God allows you to walk through seasons of lack so that you can develop empathy and compassion for those around you who are struggling 2 Corinthians 1:4 says that God comforts Us in all our troubles so that we can comfort those in any trouble with the Comfort we ourselves receive from God when you have walked through the valley of financial hardship you gain a sensitivity that cannot be taught in a classroom or found in a book you understand the weight of unpaid bills the stress of making ends meat and the anxiety of wondering how you'll make it through the month and God uses this to mold your heart so that when he blesses you you you won't hoard your blessings but you'll share them you'll become a vessel of his love pouring out his provision for those who are still in their season of lack don't despise your struggle for God is using it to birth in you a heart of generosity compassion and selflessness 10 breaking generational curses oh let me talk about the cycle Breakers some of you are enduring financial hardship because God has chosen you to break the generational curses of poverty and lack that have plagued your family for Generations Galatians 3:13 tells us that Christ redeemed us from the curse of the law but sometimes Breaking Free from the patterns of our past requires us to go through the very things we are called to overcome you see the struggles you face aren't just about you they are about your children your grandchildren and those who will come after you God has called you to break the chains of financial mismanagement debt and poverty that have bound your family for Generations but before you can lead others out you must first endure and overcome these struggles yourself it is through your own experience of lack that you will gain the wisdom strategy and Faith to shift the trajectory of your family's future so yes you may be broke right now but understand this you are building a legacy you are laying a foundation of financial wisdom faith and stewardship that will bless generations to come 11th refined through trials 1 Peter 1:6-7 says in all this you greatly Rejoice though now for a little while you may have had to suffer grief in all kinds of Trials these have come so that the proven genuiness of your faith of Greater worth than gold may result in Praise Glory and Honor when Jesus Christ is revealed Financial struggles have a way of stripping us down to what truly matters they burn away the dross of Pride materialism and dependence on worldly things leaving behind a purified faith that is more valuable than gold when you don't have the resources you desire you are forced to rely on the source himself the absence of wealth drives you into the arms of God where you learn that he is your provider your sustainer and your source of all things it is in the fire of financial trials that your faith is refined your dependence on God is deepened and your spiritual focus is sharpened 12th misalignment with God's timing let me tell you God is never early and he is never late he is always right on time Ecclesiastes 3:11 tells us he has made everything beautiful in its time there are moments when you feel like the doors of abundance should have opened by now but God says wait you see it's not not just about the amount of money but the timing of its release many times God delays Financial blessings not because he's withholding them from you but because he's working behind the scenes orchestrating circumstances to align perfectly for your good the Bible says in habac 2:3 for the Revelation awaits an appointed time though it lingers wait for it it will certainly come and will not delay some times you are broke because you are not yet in sync with God's timing oh he's preparing the right connections the right opportunities and the right moment for that blessing to be released but in the meantime he calls you to trust him to be patient and to align your spirit with his Divine timetable do not rush the process because when God moves he moves suddenly and your breakthrough will come at the appointed time so if you're financially limited to today it may not be because you're out of favor with God but because you're waiting for his Divine timing to unfold 13 the call to live by faith not by sight God is teaching some of you to walk by faith and not by sight and sometimes he uses Financial lack to sharpen that lesson 2 Corinthians 5:7 declares for we walk by faith not by sight in a world that often measures success by visible wealth God calls his chosen ones to live differently he calls you to trust in what you cannot see to believe in provision even when your account is in the red and to declare his goodness even when the bills are unpaid Financial struggle has a way of stripping away our false security it forces us to stop relying on what we can see touch or count and to start relying on the Unseen hand of God this is Faith in its purest form of it's easy to have faith when your pockets are full but can you trust him when they're empty Hebrews 11:1 says now Faith is confidence in what we hope for and Assurance about what we do not see God allows Financial strain to push you deeper into Reliance on him in this season he's not just preparing you for financial breakthroughs he's building a faith that can move mountains a trust that won't waver When Storms Come and a dependency on him that transcends any material possessions this is the essence of living by faith and it is Central to your life as a Chosen One 14th misuse of previous Financial blessings let's be real for a moment some of you are broke because in the past you mismanaged the resources that God placed in your hands yes I'm stepping on your toes today but I'm doing it with love there have been Seasons when God blessed you and instead of being a wise Steward you squandered those blessings maybe you spent recklessly failed to save or ignored the prompting of the Holy Spirit to give and invest wisely and now you find yourself in a season of lack not because God doesn't want to bless you but because he's trying to teach you a lesson in stewardship Luke 16:10 tells us whoever can be trusted with very little can also be trusted with much this season of financial struggle may be God's way of resetting your priorities and refining your ability to handle wealth with wisdom and Care before he gives you more he wants to ensure that you've learned how to manage what you already have you see God doesn't just bless us for our own enjoyment He blesses us to be a blessing and when we misuse what he's given he will often withhold further blessings until we learn the value of responsibility and accountability so chosen ones if you find yourself in financial lack ask yourself am I being a good Steward of what God has already placed in my hands this is not a time to be discouraged it's a time to reset refocus and prepare yourself to manage future blessings with wisdom 15th building contentment in Christ not in riches beloved one of the greatest less lessons you can learn in a season of financial struggle is the lesson of contentment Philippians 4:12-13 says I know what it is to be in need and I know what it is to have plenty I have learned the secret of being content in any and every situation I can do all this through him who gives me strength you see God is using this time to teach you that true joy peace and satisfaction are found in him not in riches not in material wealth but in your relationship with Christ Financial abundance can be fleeting but contentment in Christ is eternal when you are content with him no matter what your financial situation looks like you can declare that God is good being broke teaches you that money can't buy peace it can't purchase joy and it can't give you the Deep sense of fulfillment that only comes from knowing Jesus God is cultivating in you a heart that is satisf ifed with his presence a mind that is at peace with his provision and a spirit that rejoices not because of what you have but because of who he is so if you're in a season of financial lack understand that God is teaching you to find your contentment in him and not in the temporary trappings of this world 16 your purpose requires poverty for a season finally let's talk about purpose some of you are fin financially broke because your Divine Purpose requires you to be in this season of poverty for a while hear me clearly this is not a permanent state but it is a necessary one God may have called you to a work a Ministry or a mission that does not bring immediate financial gain Matthew 6:33 reminds us but seek first his kingdom and his righteousness and all these things will be given to you as well your purpose may involve Community work missions or Ministry where the rewards are Eternal but not necessarily Financial God has placed you in this season of financial limitations to ensure that your motives are pure that your heart is fixed on him and that your faith is unshakable he is teaching you to pursue his purpose with or without the promise of financial gain in fact the poverty you experience may be the very tool he's using to refine your focus and make sure that you are chasing after his will not wealth this season is a crucible for character it is designed to test whether you will still be faithful to the call even when it doesn't come with a paycheck it's easy to be committed when everything is provided for but can you remain committed when resources are scarce God wants to know if you will still say yes Lord when the bank account is low will you still pursue purpose when the financial rewards are delayed he is using this time to make sure that your heart is fixed on his kingdom not on worldly success and when you pass this test when your motives are pure and your faith is strong blessings will flow in ways you never imagined my friends you are not financially broke you are spiritually being built God is aligning you with his timing teaching you to to live by faith refining your stewardship cultivating contentment in Christ and ensuring that your motives are aligned with his Divine Purpose trust the process for Romans 8:28 tells us and we know that in all things God works for the good of those who love him who have been called according to his purpose you are being prepared for greater things and when the appointed time comes you will walk into Financial abundance not just for your self but to fulfill the kingdom work that God has set before you make yourself comfortable and listen to our prayer for you Heavenly Father we come before you today trusting in your perfect plan we may be facing struggles but we know that you are using every challenge to shape us strengthen us and draw us closer to you Lord help us to rely on you not on worldly wealth and give us the wisdom to handle the blessings you have in store strengthen our hearts refine our spirits and guide our steps as we walk by faith we trust that you will provide in your perfect timing and we thank you for the purpose you've placed within us in jesus' name we pray amen thanks for subscribing and listening God bless you and your family

  Top Comments:
  1. @WisdomOfTheBiblee [624 likes]: Your support makes all the difference! Each video we create is a labor of love, meant to uplift and inspire. If these messages have touched your heart, please consider ‘buying a coffee’ ☕ to help us continue this work. Every contribution fuels our mission and keeps this content alive. ❤

No gift is too small, it’s a seed of kindness that God will multiply in your life in ways you can’t imagine. Together, we’re spreading faith and hope. Thank you for being part of this journey. 🙏🏽 

☕ Support here: https://buymeacoffee.com/wisdomofthebible
  2. @phillipthrasher6812 [1 likes]: I've been broke as a convict for almost 34 years😂 well somehow by the grace of God enough money shows to pay my bills
  3. @Christian-o5c7b [1 likes]: I have to be honest I’ve been in financial trouble my entire life almost 50 years but part of me does see the advantage of money not weighing me down more money you have the harder it is to see the right path
  4. @HiddenWaves6 [1 likes]: Thank you. God is definitely and has been definitely with me I don't know how ❤.
  5. @DaveEwduards: WHERE is the fantastic prayer you promised at the beginning?? There ISN T. full stop
  6. @DaveEwduards: Solution. Solution. No more useless words.  SOLUTION
  7. @Amazinggrace1984: He gives us manna for the day ...there is always enough.God is faithful ..In a world that worships youth and beauty and wealth I worship my Lord and have godly contentment despite most of my income going on bills...He feeds the sparrow..He feeds me and I am grateful...:thanksdoc: I expect tougher times ahead in this turbulent world but I know for those who put their trust in Him "our times are in His hands"
  8. @rtg4465: Make up whatever you want this is only proof god doesn't exist
  9. @minamartina254: I'm tired. It's the enemy steeling from you...
  10. @KathyCater-t5k: I feel most alive when I give to the chosen people.
  11. @Starship5150: You so-called Christians that don’t know anything in our gullible. Keep watching these AI videos. It’s disgusting it’s not right.
  12. @Starship5150: Stop using AI for Bible videos it’s not natural it’s against God I I rebuke whoever made this channel and video, and I rebuke this whole video in the name of Jesus Christ
  13. @tilawakohalamiauy: Blessed are those rich, wealthy here on earth. They don't have problems and so expected to be kind, the least generous! And so when judgment times, he will be welcomed! of course the Bible will say it is easier for a camel to enter needle, hahaha of course because he can not make everybody rich but only his favourites!!!!hypocrisy!
  14. @adewalegbolahan3445: Thank God ❤😊
  15. @UncommonGritTM: IT SUCKS TO BE CHOSEN, DAMN IT
  16. @cheryltaylor6774: We are only protected to stay alive not to be prosperous that’s for wicked people
  17. @fioconnor7135: Being a chosen one is NOTHING BUT MISERY
  18. @LuminitaLumi.777: NOW\NI KNOW FATHER DON'T WORRY NOW.I KNOW I KNOW EVERYTHING
  19. @Boyetcadelena: Ito nga sagut jn👆❤️‍🔥📜📜🌈🌈
  20. @seanvandermerwe3409: So why dosent God "almighty" do anything I worked for 2 years in a plastic company I made money then god gets me fired not only that my sister needed her car to get new tires and I was forced to pay for that I cant stand this god

- Hurricane Season: Don't Overestimate Your Risk Tolerance: Kind: captions Language: en i think people have a short memory if irma would have hit miami the way that it was technically supposed to thank god it did it a lot of people would have been hurting you know how many businesses i insure that don't even want to buy business income coverage or rental or rental insurance so they own an asset if the asset becomes unusable due to a storm or a loss you stop recovering that revenue well they got bills to pay who's going to pay those bills if there's no cash flow then people's risk tolerance is much less than what they think it is

- The Perfect Financial Storm: Americans are Struggling This Holiday Season: Kind: captions Language: en The holiday season is traditionally time of giving, but this year the data based on a study from US News and World Report tells a different story. Nearly 79% of Americans are expressing deep concern about whether they'll have enough money for gifts, an increase of 11% when compared to last year. 71% of Americans report living paycheck to paycheck. This is a staggering 18% jump from 2023. The government shutdown alone has forced 56% of consumers to rethink their holiday plans with one out of every five cancelling travel plans and one-third slashing their gift budgets entirely. But this is why I keep calling it the perfect storm. Tariffs aren't helping. Bankruptcy filings are rising month over month, hitting everyone from massive corporations to local mom and pop businesses and even the farming industry, indicative of the recent farmer bailout, which is a replay of the first Trump administration. Consumer bankruptcies have also risen steadily each month. The math is simple. When tariffs add on average 1,200 to the household budget, they're only three ways out. You take on more debt. You find a way to earn $1,200 more. Or you cut 1,200 from your budget. Neither option is easy. Reductions in social programs, including the dismantling of the Department of Education, which alone provides 11% of funding for school districts. Well, if school districts have 11% less, they need to make up the difference somehow. Even AI is playing a factor as the labor market shifts to save money. AI is even contributing to the cost of our utility bills. For the latest information, subscribe for free to my YouTube channel and to bankruptcy.blog. Block.

- Survivor Stories of Hurricanes #Hurricane Survivor Stories: Kind: captions Language: en in early October 2024 hurricane Milton shocked meteorologists with its rapid intensification with winds reaching 175 mph Milton ravaged Florida's West Coast one Tampa resident Melissa Carter recalls the terrifying moments before Milton's landfall we had less than 24 hours to prepare the winds were howling outside like nothing I've ever heard when the surge came it felt like the whole house was lifted Melissa family evacuated just in time staying in a nearby shelter we were lucky but when we returned our house was gone Melissa said choking back tears Milton's storm surge reaching up to 12 ft submerged parts of Tampa and other coastal towns causing widespread destruction number two hurricane Patricia made headlines in 2015 for its record-breaking wind speeds of 215 mph though Mexico took the brunt of Patricia's landfall its remnants reached Texas causing massive flooding Brandon Jones a Texas native remembers watching in disbelief as floodwaters Rose in Houston we thought the worst was over when it hit Mexico but when the rains came here the water just kept Rising it was scary being trapped inside while the water crept into the house my family and I had to climb onto the roof waiting for rescue Patricia's flash floods wreak havoc but rescue efforts saved thousands including Brandon and his family number three Hurricane Andrew tore through South Florida in August 1992 leaving utter Devastation in its wake 12-year-old Carlos Gonzalez living in Homestead Florida had his life forever changed by the storm the wind sounded like a freight train I'll never forget the night the roof ripped off our house we ran to the bathroom the only place left standing Andrew's ferocious winds reaching 1075 mph demolished homes and uprooted trees Carlos and his family survived by huddling in a bathtub for hours we came out in the morning and everything was gone but we were alive and that was what mattered for many like Carlos Andrew was more than just a hurricane it was a life-altering event that reshaped entire communities number four Hurricane Camille struck Mississippi with 190 mph winds causing massive destruction I remember the night of August 17th 1969 when Camille made land fall the sky was black and you could feel the air pressure dropping it was like nature was holding its breath before unleashing hell we were trapped on the second floor watching everything get washed away my neighbor's house was there one minute gone the next neighbor's house when the waters finally receded Bill Hardy realized how lucky they had been to survive while many others perished in the flooding Camille storm surge and Inland flooding led to over 250 deaths but survivors like Bill held on to the hope hope that they could rebuild number five the Labor Day hurricane of 1935 Remains the most intense hurricane to strike the US Mainland we heard it was coming but no one could have predicted this the wind was so strong it felt like the whole world was being torn apart my family and I survived by Sheltering in a small crawl space under our home when it was over we emerged to find everything washed away the island was gone there were bodies everywhere veterans who had been working on the railroad it was the worst thing I've ever seen the storm took the lives of over 400 people many of whom were veterans working on construction projects these hurricanes while devastating offer profound lessons on Survival resilience and the strength of the human Spirit survivors like Melissa Brandon Carlos Bill and Ted remind us that even in the face of of Nature's Fury hope and Community endure

- Our Town got Hit by a Hurricane!🥲: Kind: captions Language: en-US What's up in Anazala family? So we were literally just sitting here on the couch watching the news, and Hurricane Hillary is about to hit. This is a very, very dangerous and significant storm. Guys, there has never been a hurricane in all of California in literally 94 years. I think you're freaking out. No, I am gonna freak out because apparently all the supermarkets, like, people are stocking up and emptying shelves. You don't even have water in the house. The hurricane could be right now, actually. Yeah, because I saw the light flickening. Okay, chill. Facts, the hurricane is happening tomorrow. It's going to hit parts of Los Angeles. I don't know if our area is going to be that bad. Everywhere you go, people are talking about this. It's serious. Okay, so here's the plan. So Asala wants us to go now to the supermarket and stock up on everything. One of the last people to go. Yeah. By the way, there's actually a lot of news reports saying that everything's empty. Shelves empty. Flights already being canceled and National Parks closed. Why this storm could be so devastating. So wait, I have a question. So if, God forbid, the hurricane hit our house, what do we do? I don't know. So I used to live in Ottawa, Canada. So in Ottawa, something like that happened before, but, yo, so there in Ottawa, you get basements. So usually people go hide in basements. Also something I know we lost all power. If you wanted to save the world and you fight, maybe you should just save the world and be a superhero. In these cases superheroes.. You know who are superheroes? Firefighters, first responders. So we're going to take a guest with us to the store and also, obviously throughout the whole day tomorrow. And then we see what happens. That happens with us. We have to put the birds inside, so we're going to keep him in. Here we go. Hi, birdies. Oh, my gosh. Here we go. Okay, so this is the whole city from here. I really hope everyone's safe. Everyone's going to be okay. I don't know how to feel about these things because obviously when we live in California, you don't expect anything like that. Okay, so we're heading out right now to a supermarket nearby and we're going to check it out and see if the shelves are truly empty. And we want to get water, batteries, candles, flashlight, and canned food, apparently. Wow. I don't think we've filmed this late before. So I feel like since we moved to the new house, wanted to kind of film our everyday life just to feel like you guys are closer to us and we're closer to you guys. We're actually family. And we truly feel that reading your guys'comments, like you guys feel like you live with us, you are with us, and you are our family. For everyone in the affected areas, I hope you guys stay safe. Yeah, stay put. Do all the things necessary to just take care of yourselves and your family members. Something that we could also do is make sure to donate to organizations. That's what we're going to be doing. I know, and I think you guys should do that, too. We're going to leave some links in the description below for some of these organizations so you guys can help them. -Okay, so here's Ralph. -We just got here. Okay. -Hopefully.. -I don't see a lot of cars. Like, I'm looking at the parking lot. Honey, it's 10:00 p.m.. Or it's probably going to be when does it close? You scared me. Is it closed now? I think they closed at 10. I swear it's closed. Going in or going out? Okay. We managed to get in. Okay. So there's things here. So Allen got us a list, apparently, of all the things that we need for hurricane emergency kit. For non perishable food. So like canned stuff. Yeah. First aid kit, which we have at home. Phone chargers we have at home. Important documents are all in one place at home. Emergency phone numbers and then the battery powered flashlight radio. So we need perishable foods and we need the lights. Yeah. I don't know. Why do people get candles anymore? It's candles anymore. Everyone just gets flashlight and batteries. Haven't you seen every horror movie? The flashlight goes off. Oh, my God. Look. Yeah, here we go. That's all the water. The water is supposed to be all here. It's all empty. Yeah, that's where all the water bottles are. Yeah, everything's empty. Okay, let's pick it up. It's not too, too bad. Here we go. Okay. Here we go. Okay, so that's water. That's enough. I think in these situations, guys, if you start seeing shelves are emptying, make sure to keep some for other.. Yeah, you don't want to just go in there and like hug it all. We need batteries. Batteries. Batteries are usually hung over there. -right rhere, no? -Most powerful brand. Well, people took the big ones of that. Okay, so as I was getting paper plates in case.. -The water cuts off or I don't know.. -We don't need to do any washing. Okay, so here we got the canned food place. Okay, here we go. We're getting this. Okay, so now okay, honey, you got him? Yes. So we're going to check out right now and then we're heading home and we'll update you guys. Yeah, we'll update you guys on everything and then we'll come back tomorrow. Hopefully, everything's going to be okay. Everything's going to be good. Prayers for everyone out there. that are going to be affected. We just woke up. It's actually 09:00 A.m. And it's starting to look pretty bad. So apparently, all over the news they're talking about it. I don't know if you guys can see it, but it's starting to rain. They said the winds are.. The winds are going to pick up. Oh, my goodness. And that's just apparently the start of it all. Like, it literally started, I think, 15 minutes ago. Just crazy. I was literally just about to post a video for you guys on the main channel. And then I start seeing this and I was like, oh, my God. Everybody's indoors. Everybody is indoors now. They said this hurricane is the size of the state of Arizona. Okay, everyone stay safe. This is crazy. We're going to keep you updated throughout our day, but hopefully there's no problem. The way the news is making it look and sound like I think is the most scary part. I'm confused. I don't know why sound like going way worse than what I'm feeling right now. So they it's going to start at 10:00 A.m., which is now. And it's only going to get worse. The winds are going to be like 85. Don't know what that even means. Mila has been asking a lot of questions. Mimi, what were you asking me this morning? Is everything okay? What's going on outside? Don't worry. All we have to do is just stay inside. Okay? Pinky promise? You're going to stay inside the whole time? I love you. -I want gumball. -No. Did you eat your breakfast? No, he didn't. Okay, then you can't eat gumball before eating your breakfast. No, mommy's cleaning every.. Alot of people said electricity is going to go out. out, so if you want to shower, shower now. Honey, I don't think electricity has anything to do with water. Yes, hot water is powered by that electricity. You're right. You're trying to make me look like a fool. Yeah, sorry. Oh, shoot. Get this. Get this. It's going to break. I forgot. -We need to get the.. -The trash bin? Wait. I'm going to go run get the trash bin. Okay, I'm not going. I'm staying right here. Dude, you're going to slip. Don't run it. And it's like, humid. Where are you bringing in the house? bro! Where do I put it? In the garage. The cars are in the way. Okay. This is not a smart idea. We should have done this before the storm came. I'm gonna move the car back. Oh, my goodness. It's getting worse. It's flooding. Hurry, get the black bin. Should you go through the garage quick? This is crazy. Hurry. Oh, my goodness. Oh, this heavy. Put it right here. Oh, my God. Look at your glass. Look our neighbors. Look at this. Their bins are all.. So is it going to get worse than this? That's just the start, honey. It just started. It just started. Look how it looks. Everything is just literally.. Look at the water starting to flood all the way down. Just freaky. Close the garage. Maybe the news are right after all. I mean just.. Guys, stay safe. Stay inside. Make sure your bins are inside too, so you're not having them fly away and hurt your neighbors. If we left them outside, this could break windows. Remembering to get it. Look at our neighbors house. Oh, my God. So one of those flew away. It turns out to be ours. Oh, my.. Guys, look at this. Look what's happening. My hair and I showered. Dude, this is crazy. Oh, my God. Okay, babe, you're good. We're the only ones out here. Everybody took their trash.. This is hitting our car. So we have to move the neighbor's one also. Because it might hit our car any second. Wow. Thank you, honey. Okay, be careful. Okay, just leave it there. Leave it there, baby. You're good. Look at everything that's happening here. They weren't kidding at the news. Oh, my God. I think we filmed alot. I think overfilmed everything that's going on. So listen, I'm just going to upload everything that's happened up until now, and then we'll update you accordingly based on what's happening as we go. Dude, it's actually crazy. Please be safe, guys. We love you so much. Take care of yourself. Take care of your loved ones. Stay home, stay put. And yeah, we'll see you in the next video. Okay, well.

  Top Comments:
  1. @angivaayil [7 likes]: My mom And myself are praying for you ❤ hope you are safe ❤😅😢
  2. @bonas670 [5 likes]: pray for they can,t be injured i hope anas is okay
  3. @deanjohnson9836 [1 likes]: Who's in 2026 rn
  4. @Gabrielle-k2b [1 likes]: Anyone else in 2026 
👇
  5. @mohaali.3138 [1 likes]: i hop you gass are goood i love you gass fell goood
  6. @AlyousufK: I’m in the UAE 🇦🇪 nothing happened to me
  7. @Karr_bb: I have been aching this for so long
  8. @Salama-m8m: Like this song
  9. @PiyariNaina-i9i: Done
  10. @Diddy-party-slay: I feel bad for you😢
  11. @TinaZheng-y4z: 5:49  5:53 5:55 oh no I am so sorry for you guys I pray for you guys❤❤❤🎉🎉🎉😊😊😊
  12. @dhanamravi-l3j: Be. Safe  guys 😢😢😢
  13. @PR0D1GY_RL: Be safe  god bless you and your family and your house ❤❤❤
  14. @Salama-m8m: I hope you guys are OKAy
  15. @KeonaXiaCanonigo-s9t: YALL BE MY PARENTS OMG YALL ARE GOOD PARENTS don't worry I'm sassy like Mimi🤣🤣🤣
  16. @AMal-ft8xd: 😅😮😅😮
  17. @AMal-ft8xd: Tyy
  18. @angivaayil: I am not staying there
  19. @angivaayil: You got hit by a hurricane. Omg
  20. @nasriyayunos5437: .I will raise my hand in real life😊

- One Night… Cold Took A Life | America Winter Storm True Story | Hindi।#facts #motivation: Kind: captions Language: en It is 4:00 in the morning. The streets of New York are quiet. The temperature is -15 degrees and a man is shivering inside his car. His mobile battery is only 2%. The car heater is off and it's deathly cold outside, this is no imagination. This is the true story of the Winter Stormer Fern. USA, the world's most powerful country, was battling the winter storm of January 2026. Electricity was cut off in millions of homes. There was darkness all around, thousands of flights were cancelled and the entire city was buried under snow. But behind these figures were some real lives. Michael Johnson, a 42-year-old American living in Queens, New York, was not homeless. He had a home and a job, but the power went out that night. Heater off, house as cold as ice. Michael thought he would sit in the car and turn on the heater for a while. This decision became the last decision of his life. It was snowing outside. The trees were falling. The roads were frozen. The car started. The heater started but the petrol ran out in a short while. The car was off, the phone's battery was dead and the cold New York night was slowly stealing his breath. When police arrived in the morning, Michael was found unconscious in his car. He was one of five people who died in the New York snowstorm. The report says it clearly. He was not homeless. That pass was not ready. Imagine millions of Michael in one storm, over 1 million homes were without power. In view of such circumstances, an emergency was declared in Tennessee Indiana South Core Airlines. Death reports from Michigan, Texas, Louisiana. Weather officials were issuing warnings. The rain may stop but the cold can kill. The entire country had come to a standstill. 11,000 flights cancelled. Thousands of people stranded at the airport. Bridges, offices, highways all closed. This was America's biggest travel stoppage after Corona. Snow in the north , darkness in the south, 2 feet of snow had accumulated in the North East. Snowfall in the South , electric poles broken. The dance of darkness even during the day. Videos viral on social media were testifying to this devastation. It's not just about snowstorms. This is a lesson for human society. Michael's death teaches us a truth. Whether you are rich or poor, whether you have a family or not, Kriti makes everyone equal. A little preparation can save a life. This Hurricane Fern wasn't just a weather event. This was a warning. Remember, no one can stand against nature. No matter which corner of the world you are from. Prepare yourself for natural disasters and help others because next time it could be someone else's story.

- Birdie and the storm: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] [Applause] this is birdie birdie is a happy bird who likes to sing she lives in a nest in a tall tree near a forest birdie feels cozy and safe in her nest birdie likes to catch worms and talk with her friend mr frog mr frog lives in a pond with green lily pads one day birdie noticed dark clouds in the sky a wind began to blow whoo that looks like a storm coming said mr frog we should put away everything that might blow around and get broken a flash of lightning lit up the clouds thunder boomed mr frog said we need to stay in the safest part of our home and wait for the storm to end birdie was surprised to see white balls bouncing on the grass those are hailstones mr frog explained they're like frozen raindrops sometimes they're small and sometimes they're big but they're all just bits of ice the hail sounded very loud in the branches birdie felt worried the hailstones might break a tree it got very dark rain drummed and thrummed on the pond wind whooshed and whirled through the branches thunder roared and rumbled in the sky let's count the seconds between the lightning and the thunder said mr frog more seconds mean the lightning is further away one second two seconds the lightning's right on top of us birdie whale i'm scared all this noise does feel scary mr frog agreed but we're safe here and the storm will be over soon click mr frog turned on a torch he made a shape with his hands and a shadow friend appeared on the wall birdie laughed she didn't feel so scared anymore soon the storm was over the rain and wind stopped the thunder and lightning stopped white hailstones lay all over the ground birdie picked up a cold hard little hailstone it melted into a puddle in her hand oh no part of birdie's nest had been broken in the storm birdie felt angry and sad she started to cry we're here birdie her friend said we'll mend your nest and you can stay with us until it's fixed other helpers came that cleaned up all the broken branches bertie's friends brought sticks to mint her nest and feathers to make it soft inside it looked a bit different now but it was strong and cozy birdie and mr frog were safe and happy again

- Flying to Help Hurricane Helene Survivors *EMOTIONAL*: Kind: captions Language: en guys a massive hurricane just hit the United States and when we heard about this thing coming we got out of Florida as fast as we could but ironically where we went was 10 times worse we are okay but we're bringing you guys along with us to show you how Me And My Crazy Little Llamas help to save the people who got hurt the most this right here is our hurricane shopping challenge list and L be fling we have to be extremely quick with shopping because this airplane is waiting for us to take us to all the remote places that we can't even get to by car so we have to be super quick llas come on let's do this thing yeah when we got to Costco it was absolute chaos like guys this store was beyond packed like imagine Black Friday levels of chaos but with like everybody franly grabbing supplies for the hurricane the carts were flying people were stockpiling water diapers all the usual stuff but me and the llamas we had a different plan we weren't just thinking about the basics we were trying to think outside of the box like what we were thinking was like you know what would we want if we were stranded Scooby Snacks oh flppy look we got donuts oh flopping czy the little llama all right so we got donuts to survive so fling's idea was you know maybe we should get some powder to make the water taste some good flavor because I don't know about you but when I drink something I want it to have some good flavor so as we're looking for the sports drings mix I just saw that there's a lot of clothes over here so I was thinking you know guys winter is coming up so we do need to get some blankets L help get the socks all sizes let's get some colorful ones too because I know there's some kids that would want some colorful ones a lot of people their houses float out the way so they're going to be really cold and they're going to need something to keep them warm ooh llam bean look at these socks these are even Cozier I think we should definitely get these because these will like go up to the ankle and keep everybody warm like look it's as big as llama Bean so we search everywhere for the blankets and we just can't sniff it out llamas don't cry because I actually found something a lot better than that look it's a Lilo and Stitch hoodie and it's basically like a blanket that you wear so I think we should get the Lilo one and the Spider-Man one those will be perfect what were we going to get originally oh my gosh sometimes I just forget oh yeah the powdered sports drinks flavors we need a lot of flavors I think everybody's just forgetting a lot of the fun things because fun things are essential too guys so llamas let's just get try to get more fun things okay and essential things but mostly fun we got to make it super flavorful guys it's a lot of toilet paper to my world all right L be flipping we are going to get one case of water because you can never have enough water oh good job fluffy come on fluffy perfect thanks L we're doing pretty good we got a lot of good things llamas remember we are on a time crunch so we do have to hurry we have a few more things on the list we do have to get toothbrushes toothpaste I think I see the toothbrush and the toothpaste over there so we're going to head that way actually this would be cool too because these are whitening strips and you know people are going to want some white teeth too I think we should get this toothpaste right here the pro namal because you know people might have sensitive teeth they might need sensitive toothpaste we had a massive list and zero time to was so we had to move super quick just when we were starting to load up our cart with the most perfect items the kind of stuff that like most people would Overlook a teacher came up to us and said that we couldn't film in the store anymore so we had to go undercover and film in secret sh but don't worry we totally stayed on track and we found everything that we needed once we get to the airport though and to load up the airplane I'll show you guys exactly what we got and trust me you're gonna want to wait to see this guys I have never seen a Costco that crazy right L Bean it feel like it was like Black Friday of how many people are here right now there's so many people but we quickly have to load all of this stuff up because we have to get to the airport super fast because we do not want the plane to leave without us L guys this plane is going to be so awesome and crazy and guess what line and toast are coming with us llamas yeah they're going to meet us there it's going to be so fun but we'll show you absolutely everything when we load up the airplane guys so come on llas let's do this thing yeah we've now made it in the car look little lumpy and little fling are strapped in they are extremely excited for this journey right now we are in Winston Salem and we are heading towards Boon in Winston the hurricane didn't hit it as bad as the mountain areas so what everybody's doing right now in the mountains the ones that got affected they they need help they need a lot of food and they just can't go to the grocery store they have to go to their nearest airport to pick up the food a lot of people are loading up donating and loading up the airplanes like one of the airplanes at the llamas are actually going to go in and so that's our next step we're going to go to the airport we're going to load up all of our supplies in the airplane and we're going to fly to the remote area and we're going to drop off the supplies and just help everybody there I'm really hoping that the airports are in good condition and that they didn't get washed away because there was a lot of things that were washed away during this hurricane it's really sad that's why the llamas they never give up and we are here to help llas I hope you have a lot of energies today because we're going to be needing to use them and guys llagan and toast are actually going to be us at the airport and guess what I'm really hoping but they're actually going to fly the airplane so if you want to see a llama in a crazy pieza B flying airplane you're about to see it so we just made it to the airport now we have to go load up the plane and see even like what plane do we have llas get ready okay ladine and toast should be here too come on Lama beine flipping let's go find them then might be inside well guys I did not see them inside so I'm thinking they're probably might be over here by these airplanes so let's go look over there llamas ladine toast where are you guys guys look they're right there L to what are you guys doing here did you just fly this airplane here that's crazy we have a lot of supplies that we have the load up into here and we have to move quick now guys this is not your typical airplane this thing looks pretty too tiny in here I hope we all fit but this is the only way that we can get to the remote area with this plane right here so L Bean fluing we have to load this thing up and take as many supplies as we can to the mountains oh guys check it out look there there's our supplies right there it's all in the back of that car right there L Bean why are you shaking right now what's L Bean said that she's really scared of airplanes L Bean it's going to be okay you know what L Bean I'm actually really glad that we're taking this bigger plane right here because like check out these planes right here these ones are really small that would be even scarier but it's okay llama bean I think we should go check it out right now flopping now this is pretty interesting right here just look at inside of here we are all going to be inside of this airplane with all of the supplies that we just bought guys let's see what the inside looks like how do I even step on that oh okay but it says no step but I think we can step right here let's try it llamas oh okay how do you get in here L Bean can you please help me lamb oh you have to pull up there llama Bean llama Bean got it she's a smart little lamb wow llamas this is so fancy so now llas we have to pack everything in the back of the truck inside of here instead of all of this space with all of us fitting in here it's going to be pretty tight and pretty crazy so let me just show you guys what these crazy Little Llamas got at Costco so we got these pillows I think we should bring those because like somebody's definitely going to need a pillow to sleep on night and this doesn't weigh too much okay it takes up a little space but it doesn't weigh too much so that's good this is essential this right here the liquid flavor Everybody can put this in their Waters to make it taste really good know we had another bag right here yes so a central pile right here oh this is pretty heavy what do you think ladine this was pretty high up on the list I think this is an essential item however it is pretty heavy so we have to keep that in mind this way it feels like I want to say like 10 lb maybe oh skinny pop this is very light I think it would work really good that's an exciting treat a variety of chips oh the cat food for the kitties this is extremely essential this does weigh like 15 lbs but we're definitely bringing this for all the little kitties out there the socks for sure everybody's going to need some socks out there ibuprofen for sure if you get a headache some paper plates pretty light we'll bring that too we're going to definitely bring these gloves because there's a lot of workers up there moving all the sticks and the trees and everything that fell apart I would say this is probably number one toothbrushes you always want to brush your teeth now these wipes are pretty heavy these are disinfectant wipes and mama always was RA to clean beans let's go I'm actually a little bit scared I get scared of turbulences I get scared of the plane going to crash but I know everything's going to be okay because laminating and toast they're very experienced with flying or are they actually I've never heard of them fly before but it's okay because I trust them always trust a piece of bread when flying an airplane like take a loaf of bread and take one slice out of there and then let the piece of bread fly the airplane like do you guys ever just look up in the sky and you see an airplane and then like you zoom in with your binoculars and you're like oh it's a piece of bread flying an airplane always right we're going to get an assembly line going here so we're working as a team in life you always want to work as a team because it gets stuff done a lot faster and better and more production and functional come on line thr it teamwork looking good looking really good oh more chips thank you llama Bean looks like fluff's going to pass out pretty soon she's getting exhausted it's okay fluff we all feel like that all right fluffing you got this this is good guys we're completely stuffing this for everybody out there stranded all right llamas we're all packed up and ready to go guys check out how full the airplane is look at this and it's filled with a bunch of little llamas too I don't know if we told you this guys but we're actually bringing some little llama be and flopping just in case we see some fans though or anybody who just wants a little llama we're going to give them a little llama so come on llamas let's get in wait wait a second what is the weight capacity on this uh like 250 lbs 250 lb wait I feel like that's way more than like what we are I'm like 120 and llama beans definitely like5 lbs and oh my gosh I me all this stuff like what if like the plane can't take off it's okay llamas it's going to be okay because you know what we're safe beans and we got this in life you never want to give up so llamas we're going to do this thing but of course we got to put on our seat buckle oh goodness llamas I really hope this plane starts I really hope it works we are heavy loaded right now uh-oh wait a second oh no dang it we're good here we go these people really need our help we got this l so our first stop was in Mountain City Tennessee and when we first took off me and Lama and flapping we were a little bit scared because like I said before we've never flew in such a small airplane before but we did feel really safe though because little toast was flying the airplane and let me tell you that crazy piece of bread is extremely skilled at flying airplanes just look at him and of course lamadine was up there with him too helping navigate but aside from us being a little nervous we were so excited and we could not wait to get to our first stop of the day as we were flying over we could see all the devastation where the rivers have actually flooded into the roads it was something that me and the llamas have never seen before the houses were completely demolished and so many bridges were washed away but as we got a closer look LL Bean actually spotted Harrison's family Christmas tree farm this is where the llamas actually picked out their Christmas tree last year and even though it doesn't look too bad from up here on the ground it was much worse as you can see the whole Bridge was super broken and many of the neighbors were stranded but the community was starting to pull together and stay positive and they were happy to be some of the few lucky ones who survived when we landed in Mountain City lamadine and toast absolutely loved seeing all the different types of airplanes and helicopters that were helping out there but once we got out the airplane we quickly got to unload it guys so we finally made it but the llamas checked them out we've survived the plane ride and now it's time to unload all the goodies oh my gosh that's a huge bug I wonder if he came with us he probably did that's a scary looking bug I don't even know what that is but that's a scary bug let's just pretend that wasn't there start unloading all of this stuff all right guys so we're going to make a huge pile of all the supplies right here fresh llama beans for all all the kids cuz all their toys probably got washed away one of the guys said that the kids didn't have any toys we brought like six little llama beans so now the kids here they have a little toy to play with and they're going to have fun Snuggies in fun colorful socks now Mountain city is in the middle of nowhere guys like in the middle of the mountains it's really hard to get to and when we got here we quickly realized how badly the residents had it here the storm hit them really bad and it was so devastating that many of them they can't even drive to get the basic necessities that they need like groceries we saw that there was a lot of essential items being donated which was nice to see but the only way that they can get these items is through the airplanes and helicopters coming in and dropping off these supplies but we met the sweetest lady here and her name was Linda but her story it broke our hearts because guys she literally lost everything and even though her entire house was destroyed by the storm she was still here helping out the others in the community and she was just so kind and just such a sweetheart and here's what she had to say about what she's been through the trucks can't come in yesterday became a mad house we actually had the inmates from the prison helping unloading I need to take care of my house it's gone so your entire house just got washed away so get floated away my whole backyard is gone our bridge is gone so we couldn't get it we have to Raft and rope our s back and forth I mean that's just a little bit everyone needs help we're trying to get a star link out here cuz we we don't have one we can't communicate we're trying to do all of this with no communication it's almost impossible to even imagine what she's going through like imagine your whole house washing away and then waking up the next day with a smile on your face and keeping a positive attitude and that's really what stuck with me Lama being and fluffing is that no matter how tough life gets guys always stay positive and never get she was so thoughtful too guys because she said she would make sure that the little llamas that we donated they would get to kids in her community who needed them the most and that just made me and the llamas super happy that's how we can support Linda is keep her business if you like skydiving someone who likes skydiving come on up to beautiful beautiful mountain City and come skydiving with Linda all right L strong you guys very much you guys take care roll back just a little bit roll back roll back this is a risky move guys that was such a successful trip we're going to go pick up some more supplies in Statesville and then we're going to fly to a super small town called Transylvania and drop off more supplies so llamas I hope you're really ready because we have a lot more to do let's do this thing and yeah now it was time for ladin's turn to fly the airplane and you won't believe it he was driving the plane super fast he was going so fast that that's the thing about lamadine he's always moving pretty quick me and the llas we were really scared but we quickly got over it because lamadine is always making sure that we're safe he always watches out for us lamadine did such a great job though Landing that plane in Statesville don't be surprised if you ever go on an airplane and see that crazy little lamadine as your pilot because he's that good as we came into land at Statesville we could tell it was super packed like there was so many airplanes from all over the place just flying in to help and all these planes were just random people like they were all just volunteers using their own time and money to fly these expensive planes over here but before we could load up any more supplies we had to get some more gases because the last thing we want to do is run out of gas when we're thousands of feet in the air like that would be the worst thing like imagine like being in the airplane and then the airplane runs out of gas when you're in the sky like what would happen that's right you probably just follow the sky oh llama dang it guys toast is literally the expert when it comes to gas and filling up the gas tank well actually toast is the expert when it comes to a lot of things but look inside toast yeah he said we're gonna need a lot of gas so as to was filling up the gas tanks me and Harrison we went over to go look at all of the things that everybody was donating there turned out to be a lot of stuff here and it was really exciting to see because there's just so many people coming together there was trucks coming in with a lot of boxes Harrison had to go over and weigh the stuff like I said because we do not want to fall the airplane there was lots of foods and just lots of of like everything that everybody would need and then we started seeing all the papers and all the paper towels and the toilet papers and this is all going to be sent out to everybody who's stranded and then this one guy he was like Hey I need 1,000 lbs of all this stuff here does anybody have 1,000 lb I was like o like listen to him this is what he said I need 1,000 lb of survival gear going guys we have to find survival gear and sod aren't really a survival gear oops so apparently for him he said that the Sodis were not survival gear and I said okay that's fine I'll take the sodies and our airplane because I know for a fact somebody's going to want a sod so then we went back inside and then we started to look for more essential items and I S I found a little cat food and I was like okay this is going to be perfect so then we loaded up a few more supplies and then I think we were ready to go okay so I think we're almost at 250 lb llamas did take a little bit of a break we packed the plane as fast as we could Lama bean and flu beam were inside making sure that we could fit as much as we could they were organizing and then after about 5 minutes we had the entire plane packed all right we just loaded up we've got to get the rest of this food back into another airplane and then we're getting the heck out of here cuz we're CLA we're causing a huge traffic gym right now yeah we're causing a huge traffic gym and we got to move all right load it up those guys there some Superstars working in there for everybody we are heading out of here and heading to the next remote Village the next remote town man this Breeze is feeling good come here I know that LL needs to get her F aired out because cuz she is probably she was sweating pretty hard her tail is extremely sweaty all right guys watch this guys look how soft her tail is it's okay to open the door right before take off because it gets hot in here is that right Amy oh yeah hey you want to hold llama be this airport was so much smaller even smaller than the Mountain City one and as we got into the mountains the pilot told us that we needed to be on the lookout for a rescue helicopter that had crashed into a field like that guy was going to help saved the mountain people and he crashed trying to help out like that was really sad and it was all pretty scary but we remember to stay positive and just trust in the Llama Bean wait what llama Bean when did you learn how to fly oh llama Bean you crazy little llama we just got this public service announcement about there being food shortages and it's kind of crazy cuz me and the llamas were in the sky right now and we're actually dropping some food off in random isolated locations right BL the resources on the way when we landed here we quickly unloaded because there was another plane trying to take off and we did not want to get run over but the people at Transylvania airport were super excited to see us and they told us that they had been storing all the supplies in a church across the street for all the communities around they were so thankful for us for remembering that this was such a small airport that many planes couldn't even land here they knew that we've been working all day and even offered us a meal so we loaded up in their car and we got some food many of the people here were the ones in need and everything had washed away from them and this is pretty much much their new grocery store until things get back to normal which could be years from now after we ate and we load it up let's get it heading back to the airplane um I think this is safe but what's up with this bunny in the back of the white van yeah that's just a little creepy I've literally never been in a creep van before guys but I have been chased by one before like years and years ago I'm not even kidding this is a true story that I'll tell you guys one day don't trust that money yeah fly in the clouds if I need to with the bunny you like the bunny I like llamas I like I like llamas I like llama the creepy the creepy bunny in the back we survived survive we said our goodbyes as we flew into the night and as our mission for the day came to an end we started to think a lot of about the people who we met today they are all heroes who are helping this community get back up on their feet and it's kind of like my little llamas when they get knocked down I give them a little help to get back up oh llamas it's been such a long day hasn't it but it's been so much fun we loved going all around to all the different airports in Western North Carolina and just seeing all the different volunteers everybody coming together after this horrific hurricane Helen it has been so crazy like me and the LL we've been we've been through our fair share of hurricanes you know cuz we grew up in Florida but like seeing it in North Carolina it was totally different we have never seen anything like this one of the most memorable spots that we stopped today I think it was that first airport we went to the lady said that she had her whole house washed away me and L llas we we could not believe it like it was so heartbreaking and that's why we gave all of our little llamas we had four or five little llama bean and fluff beans and it just came to me and me and llama bean and fluing we were just like I think the best place to give these little llamas is this little town right here because this is where they need it most guys I know we've done a lot today but I know that there's more that we can do and that's why I want to start a little fundraiser with Samaritans purse if everybody watching this video donated one penny I think we will be able to raise $3,000 easily and that is L beine and fluing school right now is to raise $3,000 to help everybody out there I think that's totally doable because never give up and even if you live in California or New Jersey or in Montana or New Mexico or all the way in the United Kingdom I know this hurricane may not affect you that much but just donating one penny would really help anyways guys I'm so sorry if I rambled a lot and you know I got off topic a little bit but me and llamas we just want to say we love you so so much and we had the best fun day ever and I cannot believe I cannot believe can we please talk about this for a second that little LL Bean drove the airplane llama Bean did like lime that it's so crazy little lime and fluff bean I think next time you should definitely drive it but let's everybody right here look look look look we're all having a huge sleepover tonight check it out look lamadine and toast everybody give a huge round of applause to them these crazy llamas and piece of bread they helped us get everywhere so as you guys can see throughout this entire video the main thing that I learned is that community and just helping other people thank you to that piece of bread and that little llama and this little llama and little fluffing we are all happy to be here and we just love you so so much anyways guys thank you so much for watching this video If you like this video don't forget to give it a big thumbs up me little llama bean and fluff Bean we love you so much say bye llama bye say bye FL bye bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @amyywoahh [431 likes]: Guys please stay safe during hurricane season, I know there is another one coming so be careful!! Helene was terrible and there was so much devastation the but the Samaritans Purse is helping out for weeks to come and I would love for everyone to contribute what they can. The link is in the description! Stay safe everyone:_LLAMABEAN:
  2. @jesusvalles9619 [1 likes]: Oh no 😢
  3. @PrincesTasa [1 likes]: I was going to london and i saw lamadean as the pilot 😂😮
  4. @Angelgirly-338 [1 likes]: I missed where I used to live in Florida😢
  5. @Ryancontegni [1 likes]: during that time i was donating to familys in need  i felt so bad for them so i got some stuff for the kids i got colorful sweats for the grown ups to stay safe u never know unless u wach the news
  6. @ClaytonGould-f9n: Good 👍
  7. @iliveinurwalls-z9l: That lady lol
  8. @loratanasieva6189: Amy what about shy bean
  9. @nazarioluna6213: A w 17:09
  10. @kaydeelewis7892: Can I get your llama
  11. @kaydeelewis7892: Why does this say it was a year ago but it's actually in 2024 and not 2025Or 2026
  12. @marielaalfaro5978: My brother said he thinks that he’s so blood on your finger
  13. @Kaseys-j8q: Your so nice
  14. @JuliaRuby-y7v: Are you in California I follow you you are only my follow
  15. @ChileysHub: ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
  16. @KeithRazelleMalicat-z5w: Also who saw where there ganna be pizza
  17. @KeithRazelleMalicat-z5w: Yolanda typhoon is more more worst becuse it killed like over 6000,0 human and collapsed 5.600 building and it's 3x bigger then the USA hurricanes like that hurricane
  18. @marivicplopinio: There's fluffy
  19. @EvelynnPlumley-b2h: :-P 😂😄
  20. @LorenzoHatchett: Me i love amy

- What If I Don't Renew My Policy? - Auto Coverage Explained: Kind: captions Language: en What if I don't renew my policy? What happens if you decide not to renew your car insurance policy? This is a question that many drivers may not fully consider, but it is essential to understand the potential consequences. First and foremost, if you do not renew your policy, you will not have any coverage for accidents or damages that occur after your policy term ends. This means that if you are involved in an accident, you will be responsible for all costs, including property damage, medical expenses, and any legal claims from others. These costs can add up quickly and may lead to serious financial difficulties. Additionally, driving without insurance is illegal in most states. If your policy lapses, the motor vehicle department may be notified. This could result in penalties such as fines or even the suspension of your driver's license. In some cases, you may also be required to file a certificate of financial responsibility, which can be an expensive requirement and may lead to higher insurance premiums in the future. Another important point to consider is that even a brief lapse in coverage can lead to increased insurance rates when you seek a new policy. Insurance companies often view continuous coverage as a sign of responsible driving. Therefore, if there is a gap in your coverage, it may result in higher premiums when you apply for a new policy. In many cases, starting a new policy after a lapse can be more expensive than simply renewing your existing one. If your vehicle is financed or leased, not maintaining insurance could violate the terms of your loan or lease agreement. This could lead to your vehicle being repossessed by the lender or leasing company, which is a situation no one wants to face. It is also important to differentiate between not renewing your policy and having your policy cancelled midterm. Non-renewal occurs at the end of the policy term and typically requires you to find new coverage. However, midterm cancellations usually happen due to serious issues like non-payment or fraud and can carry more severe penalties. In summary, choosing not to renew your car insurance policy can leave you without coverage, expose you to legal penalties, increase your financial risks, and potentially lead to higher future insurance costs. To avoid these negative outcomes, it is wise to renew your policy on time or secure new coverage before your current policy expires.

- How Do Auto Insurance Cancellation And Non-renewal Differ? - Auto Coverage Explained: Kind: captions Language: en [Applause] [Music] How do auto insurance cancellation and non-renewal differ? Imagine you're driving along and suddenly your insurance coverage disappears. It might be because your policy was cancelled or because it simply wasn't renewed. These two situations might seem similar, but they are quite different. Let's explore what sets them apart so you can manage your auto insurance better. Auto insurance cancellation happens when your insurer ends your coverage before the policy scheduled end date. This can happen for reasons like missed payments, fraud, or if your driver's license gets suspended. Usually, the insurer must give you a notice, often about 10 days before cancelling. If your policy gets cancelled, you are immediately without coverage, which can be risky if you get into an accident. On the other hand, non-renewal occurs when your insurer decides not to continue your coverage once your current policy expires. This is a decision made at the end of your policy term, which is typically 1 year. Insurers usually give you a longer notice, often around 60 days, so you have time to find a new policy. Non-renewal is common if you have a poor driving record, multiple claims, or if the insurer is changing its business focus. The reasons behind cancellation are often urgent or serious like unpaid premiums or license issues. Non-renewal might be due to broader reasons such as changes in risk profile or the insurer pulling out of certain areas. If your policy is canled, you lose coverage immediately, which can leave you unprotected. But with non-renewal, you get advanced notice, giving you time to shop for a new policy before your current one ends. It's also good to know that you can usually cancel your own policy whenever you want. But if your insurer cancels or non-renews you, they need to provide reasons if you ask. You might even have the right to appeal or file a complaint if you think the decision was unfair. When managing your auto insurance, understanding these differences helps you stay prepared. If you get a cancellation notice, act quickly to find new coverage. If you see a non-renewal coming, use the extra time to compare policies and secure a new one before your current coverage stops. In short, cancellation is an early ending of your policy, often for serious reasons. While non-renewal is a decision not to continue coverage at the end of your policy period, usually with more notice. Both situations requiring your attention to avoid gaps in your protection, but they happen at different times and for different reasons.

- Non-renewal notices from insurance companies: Kind: captions Language: en POLICY POLICY IS POLICY IS NOT POLICY IS NOT BEING RENEWED---YOU RENEWED---YOU ARE RENEWED---YOU ARE NOT RENEWED---YOU ARE NOT ALONE. ACCORDING ACCORDING TO ACCORDING TO THE ACCORDING TO THE IOWA INSURANCE INSURANCE DIVISION--- INSURANCE DIVISION--- THEY'VE RECEIVED RECEIVED A RECEIVED A FEW RECEIVED A FEW COMPLAINTS RECEIVED A FEW COMPLAINTS FROM IOWANS IOWANS ABOUT IOWANS ABOUT BEING IOWANS ABOUT BEING LET IOWANS ABOUT BEING LET GO. SABRINA: SABRINA: LOCAL SABRINA: LOCAL 5'S SABRINA: LOCAL 5'S KHALIL MAYCOCK MAYCOCK JOINS MAYCOCK JOINS US MAYCOCK JOINS US NOW MAYCOCK JOINS US NOW TO MAYCOCK JOINS US NOW TO SHARE WHAT WHAT EXPERTS WHAT EXPERTS TOLD WHAT EXPERTS TOLD HIM WHAT EXPERTS TOLD HIM ABOUT WHY WHY THIS WHY THIS HAPPENS WHY THIS HAPPENS AND WHY THIS HAPPENS AND WHAT HOMEOWNERS HOMEOWNERS CAN HOMEOWNERS CAN DO HOMEOWNERS CAN DO NEXT. HOMEOWNERS CAN DO NEXT. GOOD MORNING KHALIL: KHALIL: GOOD KHALIL: GOOD MORNING KHALIL: GOOD MORNING SABRINA, BOTH BOTH EXPERTS BOTH EXPERTS TELL BOTH EXPERTS TELL ME BOTH EXPERTS TELL ME NOT HAVING HAVING YOUR HAVING YOUR HOMEOWNERS INSURANCE POLICY INSURANCE POLICY RENEWED INSURANCE POLICY RENEWED IS LEGAL LEGAL SINCE LEGAL SINCE IT'S LEGAL SINCE IT'S STATED LEGAL SINCE IT'S STATED IN LEGAL SINCE IT'S STATED IN ALL CONTRACTS-- CONTRACTS-- BUT CONTRACTS-- BUT THIS CONTRACTS-- BUT THIS CAN HAPPEN HAPPEN BECAUSE HAPPEN BECAUSE OF HAPPEN BECAUSE OF MANY HAPPEN BECAUSE OF MANY FACTORS AND AND ONE AND ONE MIGHT AND ONE MIGHT BE AND ONE MIGHT BE BECAUSE AND ONE MIGHT BE BECAUSE OF THE THE POLICY THE POLICY HOLDER. " " " " " THE " " THE DERECHO " " THE DERECHO CAUSED " " THE DERECHO CAUSED DAMAGE LIKE LIKE THIS LIKE THIS TO LIKE THIS TO PROPERTIES THROUGHOUT THROUGHOUT THE THROUGHOUT THE STATE. THROUGHOUT THE STATE. AND THROUGHOUT THE STATE. AND ONE MAN MAN FEELS MAN FEELS LIKE MAN FEELS LIKE A MAN FEELS LIKE A CLAIM MAN FEELS LIKE A CLAIM HE MAN FEELS LIKE A CLAIM HE MADE TO TO GET TO GET HIS TO GET HIS DAMGE TO GET HIS DAMGE FIXED TO GET HIS DAMGE FIXED LED TO GET HIS DAMGE FIXED LED TO HIM HIM GETTING HIM GETTING THIS HIM GETTING THIS NOTIFICATION FROM FROM HIS FROM HIS INSURANCE FROM HIS INSURANCE AGENCY SAYING SAYING IN SAYING IN PART: SAYING IN PART: DEAR POLICYHOLDER--- POLICYHOLDER--- WE POLICYHOLDER--- WE CANNOT CONTINUE CONTINUE THIS CONTINUE THIS INSURANCE. CONTINUE THIS INSURANCE. YOUR POLICY WILL POLICY WILL NOT POLICY WILL NOT BE POLICY WILL NOT BE RENEWED. JARED JARED KIRBY: JARED KIRBY: "WE JARED KIRBY: "WE HAVE JARED KIRBY: "WE HAVE GOT JARED KIRBY: "WE HAVE GOT A FEW FEW COMPLAINTS FEW COMPLAINTS FROM FEW COMPLAINTS FROM CONSUMERS THAT THAT HAVE THAT HAVE CALLED THAT HAVE CALLED IN THAT HAVE CALLED IN AND THAT HAVE CALLED IN AND HAVE INDICATED INDICATED THAT INDICATED THAT THEY'RE INDICATED THAT THEY'RE BEING DROPPED." DROPPED." JARED DROPPED." JARED KIRBY DROPPED." JARED KIRBY WITH DROPPED." JARED KIRBY WITH THE IOWA IOWA DIVISION IOWA DIVISION OF IOWA DIVISION OF INSURANCE SAYS SAYS ALL SAYS ALL OF SAYS ALL OF THE SAYS ALL OF THE COMPLAINTS THEY'VE THEY'VE RECEIVED THEY'VE RECEIVED SO THEY'VE RECEIVED SO FAR THEY'VE RECEIVED SO FAR HAVE BEEN BEEN ABOUT BEEN ABOUT NON- BEEN ABOUT NON- RENEWALS. BEEN ABOUT NON- RENEWALS. HE SAYS THAT'S SAYS THAT'S WHEN SAYS THAT'S WHEN AN SAYS THAT'S WHEN AN INSURANCE COMPANY COMPANY NO COMPANY NO LONGER COMPANY NO LONGER WANTS COMPANY NO LONGER WANTS TO INSURE INSURE A INSURE A PERSON. INSURE A PERSON. KIRBY INSURE A PERSON. KIRBY SAYS WITH WITH THE WITH THE DERECHO WITH THE DERECHO AND WITH THE DERECHO AND COMPANIES TAKING TAKING SUBSTANIAL TAKING SUBSTANIAL HITS TAKING SUBSTANIAL HITS IT COULD COULD BE COULD BE BECAUSE COULD BE BECAUSE OF COULD BE BECAUSE OF A COULD BE BECAUSE OF A CHANGE IN IN RISKS IN RISKS OR IN RISKS OR BECAUSE IN RISKS OR BECAUSE OF IN RISKS OR BECAUSE OF YOUR CLAIM CLAIM HISTORY. CLAIM HISTORY. AND CLAIM HISTORY. AND SCOTT HOLEMAN HOLEMAN WITH HOLEMAN WITH INSURANCE INFORMATION INFORMATION INSTITUTE INFORMATION INSTITUTE SAYS INSURANCE CLAIMS INSURANCE CLAIMS CAN INSURANCE CLAIMS CAN BE TRICKY. TRICKY. SCOTT TRICKY. SCOTT HOLEMAN: TRICKY. SCOTT HOLEMAN: "YOU DON'T DON'T WANT DON'T WANT TO DON'T WANT TO BE DON'T WANT TO BE ONE DON'T WANT TO BE ONE OF DON'T WANT TO BE ONE OF THOSE PEOPLE PEOPLE THAT'S PEOPLE THAT'S KNOWN PEOPLE THAT'S KNOWN FOR PEOPLE THAT'S KNOWN FOR A PEOPLE THAT'S KNOWN FOR A LOT OF OF CLAIMS OF CLAIMS THAT OF CLAIMS THAT MAY OF CLAIMS THAT MAY RAISE OF CLAIMS THAT MAY RAISE AN EYEBROW. EYEBROW. YOU EYEBROW. YOU WANT EYEBROW. YOU WANT TO EYEBROW. YOU WANT TO MANAGE YOUR YOUR RISKS YOUR RISKS AND YOUR RISKS AND DO YOUR RISKS AND DO ALL YOUR RISKS AND DO ALL YOU YOUR RISKS AND DO ALL YOU CAN TO MITIGATE TO MITIGATE YOUR TO MITIGATE YOUR RISK." TO MITIGATE YOUR RISK." HE SAYS WHEN SAYS WHEN IT SAYS WHEN IT COMES SAYS WHEN IT COMES TO SAYS WHEN IT COMES TO SMALL THINGS--A THINGS--A PERSON THINGS--A PERSON MIGHT THINGS--A PERSON MIGHT HAVE THINGS--A PERSON MIGHT HAVE TO BITE BITE THE BITE THE BULLET BITE THE BULLET AND BITE THE BULLET AND PAY BITE THE BULLET AND PAY FOR BITE THE BULLET AND PAY FOR IT THEMSELVES. THEMSELVES. THIS THEMSELVES. THIS IS THEMSELVES. THIS IS TO THEMSELVES. THIS IS TO MAKE SURE SURE WHEN SURE WHEN SOMETHING SURE WHEN SOMETHING SEVERE HAPPENS HAPPENS YOU'RE HAPPENS YOU'RE STILL HAPPENS YOU'RE STILL IN HAPPENS YOU'RE STILL IN GOOD STANDING STANDING WITH STANDING WITH THE STANDING WITH THE INSURANCE COMPANY. COMPANY. AND COMPANY. AND KIRBY COMPANY. AND KIRBY SAYS COMPANY. AND KIRBY SAYS IF COMPANY. AND KIRBY SAYS IF YOU DO DO RECEIVE DO RECEIVE A DO RECEIVE A NON-RENEWAL LETTER--IT'S LETTER--IT'S IMPORTANT LETTER--IT'S IMPORTANT TO REACH REACH OUT REACH OUT TO REACH OUT TO YOUR REACH OUT TO YOUR INSURANCE COMPANY. KIRBY: COMPANY. KIRBY: "THE COMPANY. KIRBY: "THE BEST COURSE COURSE OF COURSE OF ACTION COURSE OF ACTION IS COMMUNICATION COMMUNICATION TO COMMUNICATION TO THEIR INSURANCE AGENT INSURANCE AGENT TO INSURANCE AGENT TO LET INSURANCE AGENT TO LET THE INSURANCE AGENT EXPLAIN INSURANCE AGENT EXPLAIN WHAT DYNAMICS DYNAMICS LED DYNAMICS LED TO DYNAMICS LED TO THIS DYNAMICS LED TO THIS ." DYNAMICS LED TO THIS ." KIRBY ALSO ALSO SAYS ALSO SAYS AFTER ALSO SAYS AFTER YOU ALSO SAYS AFTER YOU GET ALSO SAYS AFTER YOU GET YOUR EXPLANATION EXPLANATION IT'S EXPLANATION IT'S TIME EXPLANATION IT'S TIME TO EXPLANATION IT'S TIME TO LOOK FOR FOR MORE FOR MORE COVERAGE. FOR MORE COVERAGE. YOU FOR MORE COVERAGE. YOU CAN FOR MORE COVERAGE. YOU CAN GO TO THE TO THE IOWA TO THE IOWA INSURANCE TO THE IOWA INSURANCE DIVISION WEBSITE WEBSITE TO WEBSITE TO GET WEBSITE TO GET INFORMATION ABOUT ABOUT OTHER ABOUT OTHER INSURANCE ABOUT OTHER INSURANCE AGENTS OR OR PLANS. KHALIL: KIRBY KHALIL: KIRBY SAYS IOWAFAIRPLAN.COM IOWAFAIRPLAN.COM IS IOWAFAIRPLAN.COM IS A IOWAFAIRPLAN.COM IS A GOOD PLACE PLACE TO PLACE TO ALSO PLACE TO ALSO LOOK PLACE TO ALSO LOOK FOR POLCIES. POLCIES. HE POLCIES. HE ALSO POLCIES. HE ALSO SAYS POLCIES. HE ALSO SAYS YOU POLCIES. HE ALSO SAYS YOU CAN ALWAYS ALWAYS REACH ALWAYS REACH OUT ALWAYS REACH OUT TO ALWAYS REACH OUT TO THE ALWAYS REACH OUT TO THE IOWA INSURANCE DIVISION INSURANCE DIVISION FOR INSURANCE DIVISION FOR MORE HELP HELP OR HELP OR UNDERSTANDING HELP OR UNDERSTANDING ABOUT WHY YOU WHY YOU RECEIVED WHY YOU RECEIVED CERTAIN LETTERS LETTERS AND LETTERS AND TO LETTERS AND TO MAKE

- Facing Non-Renewal? Take Action & Get That Coverage: Kind: captions Language: en hello everyone I'm Paul and I'm Blake and welcome back to the knowledge Real Estate Channel today we have another very important topic that we're talking about residential homeowners insurance in the last couple of years there's been a major increase in non-renewals and we've seen residential Insurance become harder and harder to find in areas that insurers identify as having a higher than average risk while the department of insurance doesn't have the legal authority to tell insurers what level of risk they must write or where they must write in insurance they can monitor that they are consistent in their decisions and make sure that their decisions are based on considerations of risk and not other biases if you're having trouble finding a home owners policy please give us a call having served the area for nearly 30 years we have amazing relationships with several great local insurance brokers in the meanwhile here are 10 tips from the California Department of Insurance to help you navigate the process to find your next residential insurance policy first off if you get a non-renewal notice contact your insurer and ask if there are any specific actions that you could take to mitigate your risk and retain your coverage generally it's much easier to retain and modify your existing policy than apply for a whole new policy so do whatever you can to keep your current policy in place second if you think your non-renewal was unfair you may file a complaint to the California Department of Insurance insurance providers are to be consistent in their decisions and base all their decisions on considerations of risk and not other biases third don't let these actions delay starting your search for a new insurer make sure that you've done everything that you can do at your property to mitigate fire risk and then start shopping for coverage this could include things like removing leaves or other debris removing flammable materials like propane or firewood building new structures with non-combustible material and many more things fourth in addition to contacting local insurance brokers in the vicinity of your home You may wish to use the department of insurance residental insurance company contact list that provides toll-free numbers for over 50 insurers that are licensed to sell home owners insurance you can contact each of them to find their closest agent or broker or in some cases get a quote from them directly if you would like a copy of this list please let us know fifth if you need help from an agent that speaks a specific language go to the California Department of Insurance website and use the find an agent or broker tool to find an agent near you that speaks your language six before you select a policy it's very important to compare multiple policies against one another to ensure you get the best coverage possible to compare policies the department of insurance has a homeowner premium comparison tool and a homeowner coverage comparison tool that you can use to compare premiums and coverages and seventh if your agent cannot help you find coverage with an insurer other than the fair plan you or your agent should contact other agents and brokers who who represent other insurance providers to find other providers just go to the the home insurance finder tool that can help you find other agents in your region or Beyond and see exactly what insurers they represent every California's guaranteed coverage to the California fair plan the fair plan is available to every homeowner as a last option for coverage the maximum limit written by the fair plan on a residential property for all coverage combined is $3 million because the coverage provided by the fair plan policy is very limited it is usually recommended that you supplement the fair plan policy with the difference and conditions policy to provide additional coverage ninth if none of these options are working for you you may try obtaining coverage in the non-admitted SLS Surplus lines Market ask your retail agent or broker if they're able to obtain coverage with a surplus lines insurer if you need help finding an insurance agent or broker you can use the find an agent or broker tool once again on on the Department of Insurance website and finally 10th if you prefer to speak live with our staff or if any of you have questions about regarding this process the department of insurance is available toll-free at 800 927 4357 also please lean into to us for any help that's it for today's video if you have questions or if you'd like access to any of these resources we mentioned in this video please reach out to us and we're always happy to help until then we'll see you on the next one

- Consequences of late renewal and non renewal of insurance policy: Kind: captions Language: en the following points highlight the difficulties associated with not renewing or late renewal of the insurance policy the waiting period is a time from insurance policy purchase onto activation of the policy during the waiting period which is 90 days the policy holder cannot make a claim if the group pays for the renewal Before Their policy experss there will be no waiting period if the group pays for the renewal after 30 days of expiry there will be a waiting period for 90 days as if buying a new policy there will be no waiting period for a group who changes their policy level either by upgrade or downgrade before policy expiry since the insurance products cover families such as the group member spouse and juniors policy holders in groups must renew their own policy first in order for their dependent to also be covered it is not possible to renew and purchase insurance cover for dependent only

- Coping with anxiety during Hurricane Season: Kind: captions Language: en There is a wave of anxiety that sweeps over the Gulf South as soon as hurricane season starts, research from the World Health Organization says between a third and half of people who experience natural disasters will develop a mental disorder. Here at home, there is a wave of anxiety that kicks in every single hurricane season. Our mcneil joins us now with more on how to cope with those feelings also what signs for which to look out. Well, Brandon Mother Nature really has a mind of her own. She spared us as far as hurricanes go over the last two years. But it's the uncertainty of what could come out of the next few months that has many on edge every year when June rolls around. I know several of our businesses have expressed, you know, some concern something in the air shifts. Half of us are like, yeah, hurricane party. But you know, it's kind of your way of dealing with, you know, the way life is here. But the trauma response with an above average hurricane season expected this year for some that uneasy feeling is setting in. Well, they said the same last year, but this year. Scary. I would say we have been looking at this uh scientifically since hurricane Katrina and we do have a wave of anxiety slash PTSD symptoms across this entire area of the country. But no place more than in New Orleans Wwl chief, medical correspondent, Doctor Corey Hebert says post traumatic stress disorder or PTSD has very specific criteria to be diag ghost. He says, anxiety this time of year is more common. You're snapping at people this generalized malaise and just nervous. You know, just, just jittery, uh jumpy. All these types of things are are things that kind of show anxiety. So what can you do? The advice is the same for business owners and everyone in between, you have to just wrap your mind around what you cannot control. There's nothing you can do to control it but what you can control. Let's hop to don't wait till the last minute site maps and building plans of your physical office. Um pictures of your physical work space and its content. There's only so much you can do. Um But preparation is key, just have to be prepared. Other symptoms can include sleeping issues, constantly feeling on edge and even some physical symptoms like heart palpitations. Doctor Hebert says, if you experience any anxiety or PTSD symptoms that start to interfere with your day to day life, you should reach out to your Doctor Brandon. Thank you, Leah. And to help residents get prepared. New Orleans city councilman Freddie King, the third is hosting a hurricane preparedness town hall. The first meeting is today, it's at the Treme Recreation Center at five o'clock. But if you can't make that one, you see this one on screen. Now about Algiers tomorrow at five, there will be that meeting again. But on the West Bank at the Algiers Regional Library, same time, five o'clock.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Deewantstolaugh [2 likes]: It would also help if our local media covered storm season with sensitivity to those of us who do suffer with PTSD and/or anxiety by not over-sensationalizing storm predictions.  Hurricane season is essentially half of our year, and we rely on our media to give us the facts we need to make good decisions, not get us revved up.
  2. @tyriciankelly9185 [1 likes]: I STILL SUFFER FROM PTSD FROM HURRICANE KATRINA.
  3. @karronlaneNOLA [1 likes]: ugh,

- Coping with hurricane season anxiety: Kind: captions Language: en APP SO THAT YOU CAN DODGE THE STORMS AND KEEP STORMS AND KEEP THAT STORMS AND KEEP THAT RADAR HANDY. HANDY. BACK HANDY. BACK TO HANDY. BACK TO YOU. >> >> ALL >> ALL RIGHT. >> ALL RIGHT. THANKS, >> ALL RIGHT. THANKS, HANNAH. >> ALL RIGHT. THANKS, HANNAH. WE ARE ARE IN ARE IN THE ARE IN THE PEAK ARE IN THE PEAK OF ARE IN THE PEAK OF HURRICANE SEASON, SEASON, AND SEASON, AND THIS SEASON, AND THIS TIME SEASON, AND THIS TIME CAN SEASON, AND THIS TIME CAN BE STRESSFUL, STRESSFUL, ESPECIALLY STRESSFUL, ESPECIALLY FOR STRESSFUL, ESPECIALLY FOR THOSE WHO WHO SUFFERED WHO SUFFERED DAMAGE WHO SUFFERED DAMAGE DURING PREVIOUS PREVIOUS STORMS PREVIOUS STORMS LIKE PREVIOUS STORMS LIKE HURRICANE IDA. IDA. DOCTOR IDA. DOCTOR HOLLY IDA. DOCTOR HOLLY MCKENNA IDA. DOCTOR HOLLY MCKENNA WITH DARROW DARROW WELLNESS DARROW WELLNESS JOINS DARROW WELLNESS JOINS US DARROW WELLNESS JOINS US TO EXPLAIN EXPLAIN HOW EXPLAIN HOW WE EXPLAIN HOW WE CAN EXPLAIN HOW WE CAN COPE EXPLAIN HOW WE CAN COPE WITH SOME SOME OF SOME OF THIS SOME OF THIS ANXIETY SOME OF THIS ANXIETY THAT SOME OF THIS ANXIETY THAT WE SOME OF THIS ANXIETY THAT WE CAN GET GET DURING GET DURING HURRICANE GET DURING HURRICANE SEASON. THANKS THANKS FOR THANKS FOR BEING THANKS FOR BEING HERE. ABSOLUTELY. ABSOLUTELY. OKAY, ABSOLUTELY. OKAY, SO ABSOLUTELY. OKAY, SO HOW ABSOLUTELY. OKAY, SO HOW CAN HURRICANE HURRICANE SEASON HURRICANE SEASON AFFECT HURRICANE SEASON AFFECT US MENTALLY? >> YOU >> YOU KNOW, >> YOU KNOW, IT'S >> YOU KNOW, IT'S PRETTY >> YOU KNOW, IT'S PRETTY COMMON DURING DURING THIS DURING THIS TIME DURING THIS TIME OF DURING THIS TIME OF YEAR DURING THIS TIME OF YEAR TO START START HAVING START HAVING THE START HAVING THE BUTTERFLIES START HAVING LIKE START HAVING LIKE THE START HAVING LIKE THE NEED START HAVING LIKE THE NEED TO START PLANNING. >> AND >> AND I >> AND I MEAN, >> AND I MEAN, WE >> AND I MEAN, WE LIVE >> AND I MEAN, WE LIVE IN >> AND I MEAN, WE LIVE IN A TOILET TOILET BOWL. TOILET BOWL. SO TOILET BOWL. SO SOME TOILET BOWL. SO SOME OF TOILET BOWL. SO SOME OF IT TOILET BOWL. SO SOME OF IT IS REALISTIC. >> BUT >> BUT WITH >> BUT WITH THE >> BUT WITH THE ANNIVERSARIES DOES DOES COME DOES COME MORE DOES COME MORE ANXIETY DOES COME MORE ANXIETY DOES COME, COME, MORE COME, MORE PLANNING, COME, MORE PLANNING, MORE COME, MORE PLANNING, MORE KIND OF OF THINKING OF THINKING AHEAD. OF THINKING AHEAD. AND OF THINKING AHEAD. AND AGAIN, SOME IS SOME IS NECESSARY. SOME IS NECESSARY. SOMETIMES SOME IS NECESSARY. SOMETIMES IT CAN CAN GO CAN GO OVERBOARD. >> IT'S >> IT'S THAT >> IT'S THAT FEAR >> IT'S THAT FEAR OF >> IT'S THAT FEAR OF THE UNKNOWN. UNKNOWN. ABSOLUTELY. UNKNOWN. ABSOLUTELY. THE UNKNOWN. ABSOLUTELY. THE WHAT UNKNOWN. ABSOLUTELY. THE WHAT IF FACTOR FACTOR 100%. FACTOR 100%. AND FACTOR 100%. AND WE'VE FACTOR 100%. AND WE'VE LEARNED FROM FROM EXPERIENCE FROM EXPERIENCE THAT, FROM EXPERIENCE THAT, YOU FROM EXPERIENCE THAT, YOU KNOW, THERE'S THERE'S SOME THERE'S SOME BASIS THERE'S SOME BASIS IN THERE'S SOME BASIS IN THAT. THAT'S THAT'S RIGHT. THAT'S RIGHT. AND THAT'S RIGHT. AND WE THAT'S RIGHT. AND WE KNOW THAT'S RIGHT. AND WE KNOW THAT WHEN WHEN I WHEN I WAS WHEN I WAS TELLING WHEN I WAS TELLING YOU WHEN I WAS TELLING YOU DURING THE THE COMMERCIAL THE COMMERCIAL BREAK, THE COMMERCIAL BREAK, I THE COMMERCIAL BREAK, I WAS SAYING, SAYING, YOU SAYING, YOU KNOW, SAYING, YOU KNOW, I SAYING, YOU KNOW, I GET SAYING, YOU KNOW, I GET SOMEWHAT OF A OF A HURRICANE OF A HURRICANE SEASON OF A HURRICANE SEASON ANXIETY TOO, TOO, BECAUSE TOO, BECAUSE WE TOO, BECAUSE WE KNOW TOO, BECAUSE WE KNOW THAT TOO, BECAUSE WE KNOW THAT IF TOO, BECAUSE WE KNOW THAT IF A HURRICANE COMES HURRICANE COMES OUR HURRICANE COMES OUR WAY, HURRICANE COMES OUR WAY, US REPORTERS, REPORTERS, WE REPORTERS, WE KIND REPORTERS, WE KIND OF REPORTERS, WE KIND OF STAY REPORTERS, WE KIND OF STAY IN TOWN TOWN TO TOWN TO DELIVER TOWN TO DELIVER THE TOWN TO DELIVER THE NEWS. TOWN TO DELIVER THE NEWS. AND TOWN TO DELIVER THE NEWS. AND I THINK THINK MORE THINK MORE PREPARATION. THINK MORE PREPARATION. WHAT THINK MORE PREPARATION. WHAT DO I I NEED I NEED FOR I NEED FOR MY I NEED FOR MY JOB I NEED FOR MY JOB TO I NEED FOR MY JOB TO STAY I NEED FOR MY JOB TO STAY AND KIND KIND OF KIND OF COPE KIND OF COPE THROUGH KIND OF COPE THROUGH THAT? KIND OF COPE THROUGH THAT? BUT KIND OF COPE THROUGH THAT? BUT A LOT LOT OF LOT OF PEOPLE LOT OF PEOPLE NEED LOT OF PEOPLE NEED TO LOT OF PEOPLE NEED TO THINK LOT OF PEOPLE NEED TO THINK OF SOME OTHER SOME OTHER THINGS SOME OTHER THINGS TOO, SOME OTHER THINGS TOO, LIKE MEDICATIONS MEDICATIONS AND MEDICATIONS AND IF MEDICATIONS AND IF THEY MEDICATIONS AND IF THEY HAVE ELDERLY ELDERLY PARENTS, ELDERLY PARENTS, THINGS ELDERLY PARENTS, THINGS LIKE THAT. THAT. SO THAT. SO THERE THAT. SO THERE CAN THAT. SO THERE CAN BE THAT. SO THERE CAN BE A THAT. SO THERE CAN BE A LOT THAT. SO THERE CAN BE A LOT OF STRESS STRESS ASSOCIATED. >> YES. >> AND I MEAN, THE >> AND I MEAN, THE FLIP >> AND I MEAN, THE FLIP SIDE >> AND I MEAN, THE FLIP SIDE OF THAT THAT IS THAT IS IT'S THAT IS IT'S ACTUALLY THAT IS IT'S ACTUALLY POSITIVE TO TO FOCUS TO FOCUS ON TO FOCUS ON THE TO FOCUS ON THE THINGS TO FOCUS ON THE THINGS THAT TO FOCUS ON THE THINGS THAT YOU CAN DO. CAN DO. SO CAN DO. SO HAVING, CAN DO. SO HAVING, YOU CAN DO. SO HAVING, YOU KNOW, REVIEWING REVIEWING THE REVIEWING THE NOLA REVIEWING THE NOLA READY WEBSITE, WEBSITE, HAVING WEBSITE, HAVING THAT WEBSITE, HAVING THAT EXTRA CHANGE CHANGE OF CHANGE OF CLOTHES, CHANGE OF CLOTHES, IF CHANGE OF CLOTHES, IF YOU CHANGE OF CLOTHES, IF YOU ARE ONE ONE THAT ONE THAT HAS ONE THAT HAS TO ONE THAT HAS TO WORK ONE THAT HAS TO WORK DURING ONE THAT HAS TO WORK DURING THE STORM, STORM, OR STORM, OR HAVING STORM, OR HAVING THAT STORM, OR HAVING THAT EXTRA AMOUNT AMOUNT OF AMOUNT OF MEDICATION AMOUNT OF MEDICATION OR AMOUNT OF MEDICATION OR KNOWING WHERE WHERE YOU WHERE YOU WOULD WHERE YOU WOULD GO WHERE YOU WOULD GO TO WHERE YOU WOULD GO TO IF WHERE YOU WOULD GO TO IF YOU WHERE YOU WOULD GO TO IF YOU HAD TO EVACUATE TO EVACUATE AND TO EVACUATE AND WHAT TO EVACUATE AND WHAT PHARMACIES ARE THERE ARE THERE IF ARE THERE IF YOU'RE ARE THERE IF YOU'RE ONE ARE THERE IF YOU'RE ONE THAT'S ON ON MEDICAID. ON MEDICAID. THAT'S ON MEDICAID. THAT'S A ON MEDICAID. THAT'S A GOOD POINT. POINT. KIND POINT. KIND OF POINT. KIND OF FOCUS POINT. KIND OF FOCUS ON POINT. KIND OF FOCUS ON THE THINGS THINGS THAT THINGS THAT WE THINGS THAT WE CAN THINGS THAT WE CAN WE THINGS THAT WE CAN WE CAN THINGS THAT WE CAN WE CAN CHANGE OR OR ADDRESS. OR ADDRESS. AND OR ADDRESS. AND THAT OR ADDRESS. AND THAT ACTUALLY WILL WILL LOWER WILL LOWER ANXIETY WILL LOWER ANXIETY BECAUSE WILL LOWER ANXIETY BECAUSE YOU HAVE HAVE A HAVE A PLAN. >> AND THEN >> AND THEN YOU >> AND THEN YOU HAVE >> AND THEN YOU HAVE TO >> AND THEN YOU HAVE TO KIND >> AND THEN YOU HAVE TO KIND OF LOOK LOOK AT LOOK AT WHAT LOOK AT WHAT ARE LOOK AT WHAT ARE THE LOOK AT WHAT ARE THE THINGS LOOK AT WHAT ARE THE THINGS THAT YOU YOU REALLY YOU REALLY CAN'T YOU REALLY CAN'T PLAN YOU REALLY CAN'T PLAN FOR. >> AND I WANT >> AND I WANT TO >> AND I WANT TO TALK >> AND I WANT TO TALK ABOUT >> AND I WANT TO TALK ABOUT THAT BECAUSE BECAUSE WHEN BECAUSE WHEN DO BECAUSE WHEN DO WE BECAUSE WHEN DO WE KNOW? BECAUSE WHEN DO WE KNOW? I BECAUSE WHEN DO WE KNOW? I GUESS THE PTSD, THE PTSD, THE THE PTSD, THE POST-TRAUMATIC STRESS OF STRESS OF HURRICANE STRESS OF HURRICANE SEASON STRESS OF HURRICANE SEASON IS BECOMING BECOMING A BECOMING A SERIOUS BECOMING A SERIOUS THING BECOMING A SERIOUS THING THAT'S HINDERING HINDERING US HINDERING US FROM HINDERING US FROM LIVING HINDERING US FROM LIVING LIFE. >> ABSOLUTELY. >> ABSOLUTELY. SO >> ABSOLUTELY. SO PTSD >> ABSOLUTELY. SO PTSD IS >> ABSOLUTELY. SO PTSD IS A >> ABSOLUTELY. SO PTSD IS A LOT ABOUT ABOUT AVOIDANCE. >> SO >> SO WHEN >> SO WHEN YOU'RE >> SO WHEN YOU'RE AVOIDING LOOKING LOOKING AT LOOKING AT THE LOOKING AT THE WEATHER LOOKING AT THE WEATHER AT LOOKING AT THE WEATHER AT ALL LOOKING AT THE WEATHER AT ALL TO THE POINT THE POINT THAT THE POINT THAT IT THE POINT THAT IT MIGHT THE POINT THAT IT MIGHT HINDER YOU AND YOU AND PUT YOU AND PUT YOU YOU AND PUT YOU IN YOU AND PUT YOU IN DANGER YOU AND PUT YOU IN DANGER OR AVOIDING AVOIDING LOOKING AVOIDING LOOKING AT AVOIDING LOOKING AT THINGS AVOIDING LOOKING AT THINGS THAT MAYBE MAYBE ARE MAYBE ARE REMINDING MAYBE ARE REMINDING YOU MAYBE ARE REMINDING YOU OF MAYBE ARE REMINDING YOU OF IDA OR HURRICANE OR HURRICANE KATRINA, OR HURRICANE KATRINA, ALSO HAVING HAVING A HAVING A RECURRENCE HAVING A RECURRENCE OF HAVING A RECURRENCE OF THOSE EXPERIENCES, EXPERIENCES, WHETHER EXPERIENCES, WHETHER IT EXPERIENCES, WHETHER IT BE THROUGH THROUGH NIGHTMARES THROUGH NIGHTMARES OR THROUGH NIGHTMARES OR THROUGH VIVID VIVID DREAMS VIVID DREAMS OR VIVID DREAMS OR TRIGGERS, VIVID DREAMS OR TRIGGERS, THAT'S A A REAL A REAL INDICATION A REAL INDICATION OF A REAL INDICATION OF PTSD, A REAL INDICATION OF PTSD, AS A REAL INDICATION OF PTSD, AS IS JUST JUST BEING JUST BEING HYPER JUST BEING HYPER VIGILANT. JUST BEING HYPER VIGILANT. I MEAN, MEAN, IT'S MEAN, IT'S ONE MEAN, IT'S ONE THING MEAN, IT'S ONE THING TO MEAN, IT'S ONE THING TO PLAN MEAN, IT'S ONE THING TO PLAN FOR A STORM, A STORM, WHICH A STORM, WHICH I A STORM, WHICH I THINK A STORM, WHICH I THINK IS REALISTIC. IT'S REALISTIC. IT'S ANOTHER REALISTIC. IT'S ANOTHER TO REALISTIC. IT'S ANOTHER TO BE REALISTIC. IT'S ANOTHER TO BE UP ALL ALL NIGHT ALL NIGHT LISTENING ALL NIGHT LISTENING TO ALL NIGHT LISTENING TO THE WEATHER WEATHER CHANNEL, WEATHER CHANNEL, LISTENING WEATHER CHANNEL, LISTENING TO WHATEVER WHATEVER KIND WHATEVER KIND OF WHATEVER KIND OF WEATHER WHATEVER KIND OF WEATHER SOURCES YOU CAN YOU CAN GET, YOU CAN GET, SCROLLING, YOU CAN GET, SCROLLING, ALMOST DOOM DOOM SCROLLING, DOOM SCROLLING, EVEN DOOM SCROLLING, EVEN WHEN THERE'S NOT THERE'S NOT A THERE'S NOT A NAMED THERE'S NOT A NAMED STORM THERE'S NOT A NAMED STORM IN THERE'S NOT A NAMED STORM IN THE GULF. >> LIKE >> LIKE THAT'S >> LIKE THAT'S ANOTHER >> LIKE THAT'S ANOTHER LEVEL, BUT BUT IT'S BUT IT'S SOMETHING BUT IT'S SOMETHING THAT BUT IT'S SOMETHING THAT CAN HAPPEN HAPPEN WHEN HAPPEN WHEN FOLKS HAPPEN WHEN FOLKS KIND HAPPEN WHEN FOLKS KIND OF HAPPEN WHEN FOLKS KIND OF ENTER INTO INTO THAT INTO THAT POST-TRAUMATIC INTO THAT POST-TRAUMATIC STRESS PHASE. >> SO WHAT >> SO WHAT CAN >> SO WHAT CAN WE >> SO WHAT CAN WE DO >> SO WHAT CAN WE DO TO >> SO WHAT CAN WE DO TO ADDRESS THAT IF THAT IF WE THAT IF WE THINK THAT IF WE THINK THAT THAT IF WE THINK THAT WE'RE MAYBE DEALING MAYBE DEALING WITH MAYBE DEALING WITH THAT MAYBE DEALING WITH THAT PTSD PHASE PHASE OF PHASE OF HURRICANE PHASE OF HURRICANE ANXIETY, PHASE OF HURRICANE ANXIETY, WHAT CAN WE CAN WE DO? CAN WE DO? WELL, CAN WE DO? WELL, ONE CAN WE DO? WELL, ONE THING CAN WE DO? WELL, ONE THING IS CAN WE DO? WELL, ONE THING IS TO REACH REACH OUT REACH OUT TO REACH OUT TO A REACH OUT TO A MENTAL REACH OUT TO A MENTAL HEALTH PROFESSIONAL PROFESSIONAL BECAUSE PROFESSIONAL BECAUSE THEN PROFESSIONAL BECAUSE THEN THEY CAN ACTUALLY CAN ACTUALLY HELP CAN ACTUALLY HELP EVALUATE CAN ACTUALLY HELP EVALUATE YOU AND AND HELP AND HELP COME AND HELP COME UP AND HELP COME UP WITH AND HELP COME UP WITH A AND HELP COME UP WITH A PLAN. >> BUT MAYBE >> BUT MAYBE WHILE >> BUT MAYBE WHILE YOU'RE WAITING WAITING FOR WAITING FOR THAT WAITING FOR THAT TO WAITING FOR THAT TO HAPPEN, WAITING FOR THAT TO HAPPEN, SOME SELF-CARE SELF-CARE TIPS SELF-CARE TIPS WOULD SELF-CARE TIPS WOULD BE SELF-CARE TIPS WOULD BE DOING WHATEVER YOU WHATEVER YOU CAN WHATEVER YOU CAN TO WHATEVER YOU CAN TO GROUND YOURSELF YOURSELF INTO YOURSELF INTO THE YOURSELF INTO THE MOMENT, YOURSELF INTO THE MOMENT, I YOURSELF INTO THE MOMENT, I LOVE USING USING JUST USING JUST OUR USING JUST OUR SENSES, USING JUST OUR SENSES, YOU USING JUST OUR SENSES, YOU KNOW, USING LIKE, USING LIKE, WHAT USING LIKE, WHAT DO USING LIKE, WHAT DO YOU USING LIKE, WHAT DO YOU SEE USING LIKE, WHAT DO YOU SEE IN THE ROOM? THE ROOM? WHAT THE ROOM? WHAT DO THE ROOM? WHAT DO YOU THE ROOM? WHAT DO YOU HEAR? THE ROOM? WHAT DO YOU HEAR? WHAT DO DO YOU DO YOU FEEL, DO YOU FEEL, THOSE DO YOU FEEL, THOSE THINGS DO YOU FEEL, THOSE THINGS CAN KIND OF HELP KIND OF HELP YOU KIND OF HELP YOU BRING KIND OF HELP YOU BRING INTO KIND OF HELP YOU BRING INTO THE HERE HERE AND HERE AND NOW. HERE AND NOW. ALSO HERE AND NOW. ALSO LIKE LISTENING LISTENING TO LISTENING TO MUSIC LISTENING TO MUSIC JOURNALING. YEAH. YEAH. AND YEAH. AND LEANING YEAH. AND LEANING ON YEAH. AND LEANING ON FRIENDS. >> I >> I WAS >> I WAS GOING >> I WAS GOING TO >> I WAS GOING TO SAY, >> I WAS GOING TO SAY, YOU >> I WAS GOING TO SAY, YOU KNOW, HERE IN HERE IN LOUISIANA, HERE IN LOUISIANA, WE HERE IN LOUISIANA, WE LOVE HERE IN LOUISIANA, WE LOVE TO TELL TELL STORIES TELL STORIES WITH TELL STORIES WITH OUR TELL STORIES WITH OUR FRIENDS, ESPECIALLY, ESPECIALLY, ESPECIALLY ESPECIALLY, ESPECIALLY HURRICANE STORIES STORIES OF, STORIES OF, WELL, STORIES OF, WELL, I STORIES OF, WELL, I REMEMBER DURING HURRICANE DURING HURRICANE KATRINA DURING HURRICANE KATRINA OR DURING HURRICANE KATRINA OR I REMEMBER REMEMBER DURING REMEMBER DURING TALKING REMEMBER DURING TALKING TO REMEMBER DURING TALKING TO YOUR FRIENDS FRIENDS THAT FRIENDS THAT CAN FRIENDS THAT CAN ALSO FRIENDS THAT CAN ALSO RELATE MIGHT MIGHT HELP MIGHT HELP EASE MIGHT HELP EASE SOME MIGHT HELP EASE SOME OF MIGHT HELP EASE SOME OF THAT STRESS. >> YOU KNOW, I >> YOU KNOW, I HAVE >> YOU KNOW, I HAVE A >> YOU KNOW, I HAVE A REALLY DEAR DEAR FRIEND DEAR FRIEND WHOSE DEAR FRIEND WHOSE BIRTHDAY ALWAYS ALWAYS IS ALWAYS IS ACTUALLY ALWAYS IS ACTUALLY NEXT ALWAYS IS ACTUALLY NEXT WEEK, AND SHE AND SHE JUST AND SHE JUST REACHED AND SHE JUST REACHED OUT AND SHE JUST REACHED OUT TO AND SHE JUST REACHED OUT TO A GROUP GROUP OF GROUP OF US GROUP OF US AND GROUP OF US AND SAID, GROUP OF US AND SAID, LISTEN, GROUP OF US AND SAID, LISTEN, I NEVER NEVER GET NEVER GET TO NEVER GET TO CELEBRATE NEVER GET TO CELEBRATE MY BIRTHDAY BIRTHDAY BECAUSE BIRTHDAY BECAUSE I'M BIRTHDAY BECAUSE I'M EVACUATED. CAN WE LIKE, CAN WE LIKE, PUT CAN WE LIKE, PUT SOMETHING CAN WE LIKE, PUT SOMETHING IN PENCIL PENCIL AND PENCIL AND LIKE PENCIL AND LIKE START PENCIL AND LIKE START TALKING ABOUT IT ABOUT IT BECAUSE ABOUT IT BECAUSE SHE ABOUT IT BECAUSE SHE ADMITTED SHE SHE WAS SHE WAS VULNERABLE SHE WAS VULNERABLE AND SHE WAS VULNERABLE AND ADMITTED, I HAVE I HAVE ANXIETY I HAVE ANXIETY AROUND I HAVE ANXIETY AROUND THIS. I HAVE ANXIETY AROUND THIS. THIS IS IS SOMETHING IS SOMETHING THAT IS SOMETHING THAT DOESN'T IS SOMETHING THAT DOESN'T ALWAYS HAPPEN. HAPPEN. I'M HAPPEN. I'M ALWAYS HAPPEN. I'M ALWAYS I'M, HAPPEN. I'M ALWAYS I'M, YOU KNOW, KNOW, NERVOUS KNOW, NERVOUS ABOUT KNOW, NERVOUS ABOUT EVEN PLANNING PLANNING IT. PLANNING IT. BUT PLANNING IT. BUT IT PLANNING IT. BUT IT LET PLANNING IT. BUT IT LET US PLANNING IT. BUT IT LET US HAVE THAT CONVERSATION. THAT CONVERSATION. IT THAT CONVERSATION. IT LET THAT CONVERSATION. IT LET US THAT CONVERSATION. IT LET US ALL BE BE THERE BE THERE FOR BE THERE FOR HER BE THERE FOR HER SO BE THERE FOR HER SO SHE BE THERE FOR HER SO SHE CAN BE THERE FOR HER SO SHE CAN LEAN ON YOU, ON YOU, UNDERSTAND ON YOU, UNDERSTAND YOU UNDERSTAND UNDERSTAND WHERE UNDERSTAND WHERE IT'S UNDERSTAND WHERE IT'S COMING FROM. FROM. AND FROM. AND SO FROM. AND SO ALLOWING FROM. AND SO ALLOWING YOURSELF TO BE TO BE THAT TO BE THAT VULNERABLE TO BE THAT VULNERABLE WITH TO BE THAT VULNERABLE WITH YOUR FAMILY, FAMILY, WITH FAMILY, WITH YOUR FAMILY, WITH YOUR FRIENDS, BECAUSE WE'VE BECAUSE WE'VE ALL BECAUSE WE'VE ALL BEEN BECAUSE WE'VE ALL BEEN THERE, LIKE, LIKE, WE LIKE, WE ALL LIKE, WE ALL GET LIKE, WE ALL GET IT. LIKE, WE ALL GET IT. WE LIKE, WE ALL GET IT. WE ALL LIKE, WE ALL GET IT. WE ALL GET IT. >> DOCTOR >> DOCTOR HOLLY >> DOCTOR HOLLY MCKENNA,

- Coping with Hurricane Season Anxiety: Kind: captions Language: en OFFICIALLY OFFICIALLY IN OFFICIALLY IN HURRICANE OFFICIALLY IN HURRICANE SEASON 2024. 2024. FORECASTERS 2024. FORECASTERS PREDICT 2024. FORECASTERS PREDICT AN >> >> WE >> WE ARE >> WE ARE OFFICIALLY >> WE ARE OFFICIALLY IN HURRICANE HURRICANE SEASON HURRICANE SEASON 2024. FORECASTERS FORECASTERS PREDICTING FORECASTERS PREDICTING AN FORECASTERS PREDICTING AN ABOVE AVERAGE AVERAGE YEAR. AVERAGE YEAR. WHICH AVERAGE YEAR. WHICH MEANS AVERAGE YEAR. WHICH MEANS THOSE ANXIETY ANXIETY LEVELS ANXIETY LEVELS CAN ANXIETY LEVELS CAN REALLY ANXIETY LEVELS CAN REALLY RISE. SOME SOME THOUGHTS SOME THOUGHTS NOW SOME THOUGHTS NOW ON SOME THOUGHTS NOW ON HOW SOME THOUGHTS NOW ON HOW TO SOME THOUGHTS NOW ON HOW TO DEAL WITH WITH THAT. WITH THAT. FROM WITH THAT. FROM HEALTH WITH THAT. FROM HEALTH EDUCATOR DOCTOR DOCTOR ERIC DOCTOR ERIC GRIGGS. DOCTOR ERIC GRIGGS. GOOD MORNING. MORNING. GOOD MORNING. GOOD MORNING. MORNING. GOOD MORNING. IT MORNING. GOOD MORNING. IT IS MORNING. GOOD MORNING. IT IS A REAL REAL THING. REAL THING. AND REAL THING. AND A REAL THING. AND A LOT REAL THING. AND A LOT OF REAL THING. AND A LOT OF PEOPLE, YOU YOU KNOW, YOU KNOW, WE YOU KNOW, WE HEAR YOU KNOW, WE HEAR FROM YOU KNOW, WE HEAR FROM VIEWERS YOU KNOW, WE HEAR FROM VIEWERS A LOT LOT OF LOT OF TIMES LOT OF TIMES AS LOT OF TIMES AS WE LOT OF TIMES AS WE GET LOT OF TIMES AS WE GET SOMETHING REVVING REVVING UP, REVVING UP, PEOPLE REVVING UP, PEOPLE DO REVVING UP, PEOPLE DO GET STRESSED STRESSED ABOUT STRESSED ABOUT THIS. >> YEAH, >> YEAH, IT'S >> YEAH, IT'S THE >> YEAH, IT'S THE ANXIETY >> YEAH, IT'S THE ANXIETY OF WHAT WHAT COULD WHAT COULD COME WHAT COULD COME AND WHAT COULD COME AND THE REMEMBRANCE REMEMBRANCE OF REMEMBRANCE OF WHAT REMEMBRANCE OF WHAT MIGHT REMEMBRANCE OF WHAT MIGHT HAVE HAPPENED HAPPENED IN HAPPENED IN THE HAPPENED IN THE PAST HAPPENED IN THE PAST TO HAPPENED IN THE PAST TO SOMEONE OR OR SOMEONE OR SOMEONE THEY OR SOMEONE THEY KNOW. >> SO. >> SO. SO >> SO. SO HOW >> SO. SO HOW DO >> SO. SO HOW DO YOU >> SO. SO HOW DO YOU SUGGEST COPING COPING WITH COPING WITH WHAT COPING WITH WHAT WOULD COPING WITH WHAT WOULD BE COPING WITH WHAT WOULD BE A COPING WITH WHAT WOULD BE A TIP OR TWO? >> SO >> SO THE >> SO THE THING >> SO THE THING IS, >> SO THE THING IS, THE >> SO THE THING IS, THE BEST >> SO THE THING IS, THE BEST WAY TO TO DEAL TO DEAL WITH TO DEAL WITH ANXIETY TO DEAL WITH ANXIETY IS TO DEAL WITH ANXIETY IS TO TO DEAL WITH ANXIETY IS TO BE PREPARED. PREPARED. BE PREPARED. BE PREPARED. UNDERSTAND UNDERSTAND THAT UNDERSTAND THAT THE UNDERSTAND THAT THE HURRICANE SEASON SEASON DOES SEASON DOES COME. SEASON DOES COME. GET SEASON DOES COME. GET YOUR SEASON DOES COME. GET YOUR GET YOUR, YOUR, HURRICANE YOUR, HURRICANE PREPAREDNESS KITS KITS READY KITS READY AND KITS READY AND THEN KITS READY AND THEN NOT KITS READY AND THEN NOT TO STRESS STRESS OVER STRESS OVER IT. STRESS OVER IT. DO STRESS OVER IT. DO NOT STRESS OVER IT. DO NOT DON'T MAKE MAKE MAGICAL MAKE MAGICAL STORIES. MAKE MAGICAL STORIES. TRY MAKE MAGICAL STORIES. TRY TO AVOID AVOID REMINISCING AVOID REMINISCING ON AVOID REMINISCING ON STORIES AVOID REMINISCING ON STORIES OF THE THE PAST THE PAST AS THE PAST AS MUCH THE PAST AS MUCH AS THE PAST AS MUCH AS POSSIBLE, BECAUSE BECAUSE THAT'S BECAUSE THAT'S NOT BECAUSE THAT'S NOT NECESSARILY THE CASE THE CASE FOR THE CASE FOR THE THE CASE FOR THE FUTURE. >> AND >> AND YOU >> AND YOU HAVE >> AND YOU HAVE TO >> AND YOU HAVE TO RATIONALIZE THE PERCENTAGES THE PERCENTAGES ARE THE PERCENTAGES ARE ALMOST ALWAYS ALWAYS WITH ALWAYS WITH YOU. ALWAYS WITH YOU. IF ALWAYS WITH YOU. IF YOU'RE ALWAYS WITH YOU. IF YOU'RE IN ONE ONE GIVEN ONE GIVEN SPOT. ONE GIVEN SPOT. I ONE GIVEN SPOT. I MEAN, ONE GIVEN SPOT. I MEAN, THAT COULD COULD BE COULD BE DIFFICULT COULD BE DIFFICULT TO COULD BE DIFFICULT TO DO, ESPECIALLY ESPECIALLY IN ESPECIALLY IN A ESPECIALLY IN A HURRICANE ESPECIALLY IN A HURRICANE CITY WITH THE WITH THE EXPERIENCE WITH THE EXPERIENCE THAT WITH THE EXPERIENCE THAT WE'VE HAD. >> YEAH, IT >> YEAH, IT IS. >> YEAH, IT IS. AND >> YEAH, IT IS. AND THE >> YEAH, IT IS. AND THE OTHER THING THING IS THING IS ACTUALLY THING IS ACTUALLY DEALING THING IS ACTUALLY DEALING FOR THOSE THOSE OF THOSE OF US THOSE OF US THAT THOSE OF US THAT WERE THOSE OF US THAT WERE HERE THOSE OF US THAT WERE HERE FOR KATRINA KATRINA AND KATRINA AND THOSE KATRINA AND THOSE OF KATRINA AND THOSE OF US KATRINA AND THOSE OF US WERE HERE HERE FOR HERE FOR OTHER HERE FOR OTHER HURRICANES, HERE FOR OTHER HURRICANES, IDA, HURRICANES, HURRICANES, DEALING HURRICANES, DEALING WITH HURRICANES, DEALING WITH THE WHAT'S WHAT'S HAPPENED WHAT'S HAPPENED IN WHAT'S HAPPENED IN THE WHAT'S HAPPENED IN THE PAST WHAT'S HAPPENED IN THE PAST AND NOT NOT JUST NOT JUST MOVING NOT JUST MOVING ON NOT JUST MOVING ON AS NOT JUST MOVING ON AS THOUGH NOTHING NOTHING HAPPENED NOTHING HAPPENED BECAUSE NOTHING HAPPENED BECAUSE PTSD DOES DOES EXIST DOES EXIST AND DOES EXIST AND THERE DOES EXIST AND THERE IS DOES EXIST AND THERE IS SOME DOES EXIST AND THERE IS SOME OF THAT THAT IN THAT IN IT. THAT IN IT. YOU THAT IN IT. YOU KNOW, THAT IN IT. YOU KNOW, ONE THAT IN IT. YOU KNOW, ONE OF THAT IN IT. YOU KNOW, ONE OF THE IRONIES IRONIES OF IRONIES OF THIS, IRONIES OF THIS, THOUGH, IRONIES OF THIS, THOUGH, IS IRONIES OF THIS, THOUGH, IS IF THE TWO THE TWO WORST THE TWO WORST HURRICANES THE TWO WORST HURRICANES IN LOUISIANA LOUISIANA WERE LOUISIANA WERE KATRINA LOUISIANA WERE KATRINA OF COURSE, COURSE, AND COURSE, AND THE COURSE, AND THE 1893 COURSE, AND THE 1893 HURRICANE THAT HIT THAT HIT CHENIERE THAT HIT CHENIERE CAMINADA THAT HIT CHENIERE CAMINADA DOWN NEAR NEAR GRAND NEAR GRAND ISLE, NEAR GRAND ISLE, AND NEAR GRAND ISLE, AND IN NEAR GRAND ISLE, AND IN THAT CASE, CASE, PEOPLE CASE, PEOPLE JUST CASE, PEOPLE JUST WERE CASE, PEOPLE JUST WERE GOING ALONG. >> IMAGINE >> IMAGINE GOING >> IMAGINE GOING ALONG >> IMAGINE GOING ALONG ON >> IMAGINE GOING ALONG ON JUST >> IMAGINE GOING ALONG ON JUST A SUNNY SUNNY OR SUNNY OR MAYBE SUNNY OR MAYBE A SUNNY OR MAYBE A STORMY SUNNY OR MAYBE A STORMY DAY SUNNY OR MAYBE A STORMY DAY AND THE STORM THE STORM TURNS THE STORM TURNS INTO THE STORM TURNS INTO A THE STORM TURNS INTO A MAJOR HURRICANE. HURRICANE. WE HURRICANE. WE DON'T HURRICANE. WE DON'T HAVE HURRICANE. WE DON'T HAVE TO WORRY WORRY ABOUT WORRY ABOUT THAT WORRY ABOUT THAT ANYMORE, WORRY ABOUT THAT ANYMORE, BUT IT'S IT'S THAT IT'S THAT EARLY IT'S THAT EARLY WARNING IT'S THAT EARLY WARNING THAT SAVES SAVES PEOPLE'S SAVES PEOPLE'S LIVES SAVES PEOPLE'S LIVES BY SAVES PEOPLE'S LIVES BY THE THOUSANDS. THOUSANDS. THAT THOUSANDS. THAT ALSO THOUSANDS. THAT ALSO LEADS THOUSANDS. THAT ALSO LEADS TO THE ANXIETY. >> YEAH. >> YEAH. SO >> YEAH. SO IT'S >> YEAH. SO IT'S INTERESTING >> YEAH. SO IT'S INTERESTING YOU SAY SAY WE SAY WE DON'T SAY WE DON'T HAVE SAY WE DON'T HAVE TO SAY WE DON'T HAVE TO WORRY SAY WE DON'T HAVE TO WORRY ABOUT THAT. THAT. SO THAT. SO BECAUSE THAT. SO BECAUSE WE THAT. SO BECAUSE WE KNOW THAT. SO BECAUSE WE KNOW ABOUT THAT, THAT, WE THAT, WE WORRY THAT, WE WORRY AND THAT, WE WORRY AND THAT'S THAT, WE WORRY AND THAT'S THE ROOT ROOT OF ROOT OF THINGS. >> I >> I MEAN, >> I MEAN, WE >> I MEAN, WE DON'T >> I MEAN, WE DON'T HAVE >> I MEAN, WE DON'T HAVE TO WORRY ABOUT BEING WORRY ABOUT BEING BLINDSIDED WORRY ABOUT BEING BLINDSIDED BY SOMETHING SOMETHING THAT SOMETHING THAT WAS SOMETHING THAT WAS WORSE SOMETHING THAT WAS WORSE THAN ANYONE ANYONE IMAGINED. >> RIGHT. >> RIGHT. AND >> RIGHT. AND AT >> RIGHT. AND AT THE >> RIGHT. AND AT THE ROOT >> RIGHT. AND AT THE ROOT OF ANXIETY IS ANXIETY IS KNOWLEDGE ANXIETY IS KNOWLEDGE AND ANXIETY IS KNOWLEDGE AND FACTS, BECAUSE WE BECAUSE WE KNOW BECAUSE WE KNOW WHAT BECAUSE WE KNOW WHAT COULD HAPPEN, HAPPEN, BECAUSE HAPPEN, BECAUSE WE HAPPEN, BECAUSE WE CAN HAPPEN, BECAUSE WE CAN SEE HAPPEN, BECAUSE WE CAN SEE WHAT HAPPENS. HAPPENS. AND HAPPENS. AND THEN HAPPENS. AND THEN THERE'S HAPPENS. AND THEN THERE'S A HAPPENS. AND THEN THERE'S A LOT OF OF HYPERBOLE, OF HYPERBOLE, BY OF HYPERBOLE, BY PEOPLE OF HYPERBOLE, BY PEOPLE THAT OF HYPERBOLE, BY PEOPLE THAT ARE AROUND AROUND YOU AROUND YOU ABOUT AROUND YOU ABOUT THE AROUND YOU ABOUT THE WORST AROUND YOU ABOUT THE WORST CASE SCENARIOS SCENARIOS AND SCENARIOS AND THINGS SCENARIOS AND THINGS THAT SCENARIOS AND THINGS THAT CAN HAPPEN, ESPECIALLY HAPPEN, ESPECIALLY IN HAPPEN, ESPECIALLY IN THE HAPPEN, ESPECIALLY IN THE DAY AND AND AGE AND AGE OF AND AGE OF SOCIAL AND AGE OF SOCIAL MEDIA AND AGE OF SOCIAL MEDIA THAT SHOW SHOW YOU SHOW YOU NATURAL SHOW YOU NATURAL DISASTERS SHOW YOU NATURAL DISASTERS FROM ACROSS ACROSS THE ACROSS THE WORLD. ACROSS THE WORLD. AND ACROSS THE WORLD. AND YOU ACROSS THE WORLD. AND YOU ASSUME THEY'RE THEY'RE GOING THEY'RE GOING TO THEY'RE GOING TO COME THEY'RE GOING TO COME YOUR THEY'RE GOING TO COME YOUR WAY, ESPECIALLY IF ESPECIALLY IF YOU'RE ESPECIALLY IF YOU'RE ISOLATED. >> SO THE TRICK >> SO THE TRICK HERE >> SO THE TRICK HERE IS >> SO THE TRICK HERE IS TO >> SO THE TRICK HERE IS TO USE THIS THIS INFORMATION THIS INFORMATION TO THIS INFORMATION TO RATIONALIZE SOMEHOW SOMEHOW THAT SOMEHOW THAT YOU'RE SOMEHOW THAT YOU'RE SAFER, SOMEHOW THAT YOU'RE SAFER, WHICH THERE THERE THEREIN THERE THEREIN LIES THERE THEREIN LIES THE THERE THEREIN LIES THE DIFFICULT PART PART OF PART OF THIS. PART OF THIS. YEAH. >> USE >> USE THE >> USE THE INFORMATION. >> USE THE INFORMATION. PAY ATTENTION ATTENTION TO ATTENTION TO THE ATTENTION TO THE EXPERTS ATTENTION TO THE EXPERTS AND TONE TONE DOWN. TONE DOWN. TURN TONE DOWN. TURN DOWN TONE DOWN. TURN DOWN THE TONE DOWN. TURN DOWN THE DIAL TONE DOWN. TURN DOWN THE DIAL ON YOUR YOUR SOCIAL YOUR SOCIAL MEDIA, YOUR SOCIAL MEDIA, ON YOUR SOCIAL MEDIA, ON YOUR YOUR SOCIAL MEDIA, ON YOUR YOUR YOUR DISASTER, YOUR DISASTER, OUR YOUR DISASTER, OUR DISASTER. REMINISCING REMINISCING DISASTER. REMINISCING DISASTER. SEARCHING BECAUSE AGAIN, BECAUSE AGAIN, RELY BECAUSE AGAIN, RELY ON BECAUSE AGAIN, RELY ON THE EXPERTS. EXPERTS. STAY EXPERTS. STAY PRESENT EXPERTS. STAY PRESENT IN EXPERTS. STAY PRESENT IN THE MOMENT. MOMENT. BREATHE, MOMENT. BREATHE, SET MOMENT. BREATHE, SET AND MOMENT. BREATHE, SET AND STEP BACK. BACK. TALKING BACK. TALKING ABOUT BACK. TALKING ABOUT IT BACK. TALKING ABOUT IT HELPS BACK. TALKING ABOUT IT HELPS ME. >> MAYBE >> MAYBE EVEN. >> MAYBE EVEN. IS >> MAYBE EVEN. IS THERE >> MAYBE EVEN. IS THERE A >> MAYBE EVEN. IS THERE A POINT AT AT WHICH AT WHICH SOMEBODY AT WHICH SOMEBODY SHOULD AT WHICH SOMEBODY SHOULD EVEN TALK TALK TO TALK TO A TALK TO A PROFESSIONAL TALK TO A PROFESSIONAL ABOUT TALK TO A PROFESSIONAL ABOUT IT? >> ABSOLUTELY. >> ABSOLUTELY. AND >> ABSOLUTELY. AND THAT'S >> ABSOLUTELY. AND THAT'S WHAT >> ABSOLUTELY. AND THAT'S WHAT I MEANT. MEANT. IF MEANT. IF YOU'VE MEANT. IF YOU'VE BEEN MEANT. IF YOU'VE BEEN THROUGH MEANT. IF YOU'VE BEEN THROUGH A DISASTER DISASTER OR DISASTER OR A DISASTER OR A HURRICANE DISASTER OR A HURRICANE OR DISASTER OR A HURRICANE OR A STORM, STORM, IT'S STORM, IT'S ALWAYS STORM, IT'S ALWAYS GOOD STORM, IT'S ALWAYS GOOD TO STORM, IT'S ALWAYS GOOD TO TALK TO A TO A PROFESSIONAL, TO A PROFESSIONAL, ESPECIALLY TO A PROFESSIONAL, ESPECIALLY IF YOU FIND YOU FIND THOUGHTS YOU FIND THOUGHTS OF YOU FIND THOUGHTS OF DISASTER. PREOCCUPYING PREOCCUPYING YOUR PREOCCUPYING YOUR THOUGHTS PREOCCUPYING YOUR THOUGHTS AND POSSIBLY POSSIBLY PARALYZING POSSIBLY PARALYZING YOU. POSSIBLY PARALYZING YOU. THAT CAN CAN LEAD CAN LEAD TO CAN LEAD TO ANXIETY CAN LEAD TO ANXIETY AND DEPRESSION. DEPRESSION. DON'T. >> DON'T >> DON'T FEED >> DON'T FEED THE >> DON'T FEED THE FRENZY. >> DON'T FEED THE FRENZY. DON'T DON'T DON'T DWELL DON'T DWELL ON DON'T DWELL ON THE DON'T DWELL ON THE WHAT DON'T DWELL ON THE WHAT IFS. >> DON'T DWELL >> DON'T DWELL ON >> DON'T DWELL ON THE >> DON'T DWELL ON THE WHAT >> DON'T DWELL ON THE WHAT IFS. DWELL DWELL ON DWELL ON ON DWELL ON ON WHAT'S DWELL ON ON WHAT'S HAPPENING DWELL ON ON WHAT'S HAPPENING NOW AND AGAIN. AND AGAIN. TELL AND AGAIN. TELL YOURSELF AND AGAIN. TELL YOURSELF I AND AGAIN. TELL YOURSELF I SAID IT IT BEFORE. IT BEFORE. DEBRIS, IT BEFORE. DEBRIS, TEXT IT BEFORE. DEBRIS, TEXT THAT BACK. YOU'RE BACK. YOU'RE OKAY. BACK. YOU'RE OKAY. I'M BACK. YOU'RE OKAY. I'M OKAY. WE'RE WE'RE OKAY. WE'RE OKAY. DISTRACT WE'RE OKAY. DISTRACT YOURSELF WITH SOMETHING WITH SOMETHING ELSE. WITH SOMETHING ELSE. LIKE WITH SOMETHING ELSE. LIKE A SMILE.

- BVI MHPSS Webinar Series: Coping with COVID-19 stress during the hurricane season: Kind: captions Language: en all right good evening everyone uh thank you for joining us my name is amy tausch i'm a mental health consultant at the pan american health organization uh which we call pavo and this is part of our bvi mhpss webinar series which is a part of a project between the pan american health organization and the government of the british virgin islands for mental health and psychosocial support in disaster management uh and building individual and community resilience which is funded by the caribbean development bank uh so the night tonight the topic of our webinar will be coping with coven 19 stress during the hurricane season we have uh dr june samwell from bbi health services authority uh and also dr cayetano mental health advisor from paho with us um before we get started i'll just let you know that uh everyone's mic is muted uh we will save questions until the end after the presentation uh and also just a heads up that uh when the event ends uh we would greatly appreciate your taking a very brief survey on the quality of this webinar uh which will be sent to you automatically uh when it's over so without further ado i will pass it over to dr june samwell dr samuel if you'd like to introduce yourself a little bit more oh i think your mic is actually on mute hi good afternoon everyone so i'm dr samuel i'm a psychiatrist practicing for the last um 20 years as a psychiatrist and i currently work with the inpatient services and support to the community mental health services in bvi um and i'm really happy to be here to really present this information on stress and coping um with stress during this peculiar time that we're living in so i hope that you find the information useful and we will get started questions will be at the end so we want to talk today about um just give me a chance to get this set up all right all right so we're talking today about stress during this time and these are the objectives that we've decided on for today we want to learn about the stress response we want to understand its relevance to the current situation that we find ourselves in and we want to learn some strategies to manage our stress response as well as improve our overall ability to cope and one of the one of the goals that i have is that we want to ensure that you have practical strategies to apply so i want you to take a focus on this slide and i want you to part of managing stress is uh managing or breathing it is a simple technique that we can use so i just want you to focus on this thread for a minute and follow sink your breathing with this and let's see how good how well you're able to do that and we're going to do that one more time you're going to be breathing in and then you breathe out and we'll do that one more time breathe in following the slide and breathe out enough and feel yourself relax and that is one simple strategy that you can use which you'll see coming up again at the end in terms of managing anxiety that you may feel during this stressful period so what is happening at this time that is causing us higher levels of stress we have the unfolding of a pandemic it continues to unfold um varying countries now having second waves we in the bci we're now having a spike of cases uh so we we're under some new uh movement sheltering at home stay at home orders and on top of that we have the hurricane season which you know is not new for us but it is happening within a pandemic and because of that then it creates a higher level of stress and all of these things happening together call for us to have significant cultural and behavioral change but if we do it well we will become more mentally resilient so not not only is living in a pandemic a significant change um for us in terms of our lifestyle but it it requires of us multiple changes in how we behave culturally socially and even from a financial perspective um the pandemic was declared in march 2020 and since then we've been having multiple changes being kind of pushed upon us you know we have to change limit our expressions of affection we um we have to wear masks every day we have to stand six feet apart or eight feet um or practice of having home gatherings and parties have to to be now under different rules um culturally we go to church and that is now being curtailed working from home um home schooling having kids doing school online maybe you can switch the um the display okay we're seeing the yeah the nodes so maybe if you click on where is the display setting you have two computers i guess no the other one click click on the display there's a line that comes down uh-huh yeah right there on that display uh-huh okay i get okay uh let's see again if you because we get the notes that's what happened okay let me just go to this is the display section oh okay fabulous fabulous yes that's better that's much better thank you okay so so now so with all of that we have all of the financial the um economic and social upheavals that are associated with the mitigation measures for the virus so what what do all of those changes make us feel um want us to stop and think about what we're feeling and can we name what we are feeling we may be feeling anger sadness irritability um fear anxiety or just feeling overwhelmed and longing for things to be normal and those feelings then um add up towards feeling stress but for most of us you know having stress is a major feature in our lives right now and apart from our individual challenges that we may be having living with this pandemic and adding active what's predicted to be an active increases our level of stress so these things affect us physically but they also have repercussions that affect multiple areas of our lives and so our systems have to respond or body responds to what we perceive to this to be this whole environmental change and um makes an assessment of whether or not we can respond to this this um threat what could be seen as a threat so stress really is a normal reaction to everyday pressures but it becomes unhealthy if it affects our day-to-day functioning and when we encounter situations that we perceive as being stressful our bodies produce stress hormones adrenaline and cortisol being too and basically what that does for us is that it triggers for us to respond to this situation and this slide shows essentially the effect of stress on the body so it affects all of our systems okay we may have you know it affects our brain we will have difficulties with concentration it can affect our musculoskeletal system we can have feel muscle tension muscle pain joint pain it affects our immune system affects our heart rate or heart so we have palpitations we feel our heart you know racing we get um upset some of diarrhoea all of these this this wide-ranging series of responses that our body puts out and basically what the body is trying to do is to prepare us to either stay and fight what is happening or um to run away from the situation and of course you know during those periods of stress then what we start to feel we feel uncertain we may feel powerless we may feel like we want to avoid the situation or we become paralyzed with fear so we're not sure what to do where to go uh and how we should react to the situation and this slide here shows all of the various parts of our being i like to say so our body or mind or emotions or behaviors are all um involved in this stress response and because we have all of these feelings going on at the same time we may feel overwhelmed and we may not be sure of how to respond okay and just to point out that you know there are different types of stress that we may be experiencing so stress can be either acute as a response to a situation so we find ourselves in a situation where we immediately have to to respond so we're preparing for a test we prepare for um we walk into a situation where all lives are threatened that we then respond acutely to that situation but we should return to our resting state without any negative effect on our anal health however if that stress response is activated repeatedly and persist over time it results in chronic stress and chronic stress can now have um cause cause responses in our system that um basically cause medical complications health complications so we can have increase in blood pressures as we have increased risk for heart attack and stroke um we can develop weight gain because of elevated cortisol levels so the chronic stress becomes a concern and if you think of the situation that we're living in at the moment um you know it is a situation that is we could easily say we're living under chronic persistent stress so you're going to take another breathing break because i've said a lot and i want you to practice breathing because it's the simplest thing that you can do to manage your level of anxiety associated with stress so i've done that a few times onto the banks so we're going to talk about some of the related things specific to covid of course by no we all know that covid is is a respiratory illness caused by sas cough too it's a novel infection started first in december 2020 um and we know that persons have symptoms regions ranging from mild to severe um and those symptoms show up anytime from two to 14 days after exposure to the virus the pandemic was declared in march 2020 so you know we all should know those that those the same varying symptoms because part of managing our stress is knowing how to respond to what we may be experiencing but the right the american psychiatric association has warned that coven 19 will have negative mental health effects that will be serious and long-lasting and we've we've started collect the data has been collected that shows that there are a number of outcomes related to things like confinement for isolation and quarantine right so there's an increased incidence of stress confusion depression anger and um and that's specific to this to this pandemic there are stressors associated with covid19 specifically being diagnosed being you know coming up as somebody that has to be tested persons get anxious they have changes in their sleeping and eating patterns difficulty concentrating um in some instances suicidal ideation and substance use and you know persons have we've also noted that there's worsening health conditions um chronic health conditions um and or mental health conditions for persons who um are living in this in this ego and having to cope with it um okay [Music] right and so the apa has annually conducted this is statistics out of the u.s now um a stress in america poll where they look at um the level of stress that americans are experiencing and what they found essentially is that when you compare um what's happening now in 2020 there's been a significant increase in the level of stress that persons are reporting that they're feeling when you compare from 2019 to this year now of course we haven't done this um in bvi it'd be interesting to do it but i am pretty sure that most of us will admit that generally speaking we feel more stressed okay and then we have the hurricane season so we know you know we live in the bca we're used to having this season it runs from june the first november 30th every year the predictions this year says is going to be above average um but in the bvi we were affected by hurricanes irma and maria in 2017 and that experience left persons feeling traumatized and some persons not having completely recovered infrastructurally so you know there's all this a level of anxiety normally associated with hurricane season and then you add that what's happening with coving and we're having to remain vigilant and prepared all the time and responding to repeated cyclone warnings and watches and you know we we know that that creates a level a significant level of anxiety in the population so acute stress acute stress is is is considered to occur you know within the month after the exposure to whatever may have um triggered that stressful response um but chronic stress after that month you know we then talk about persons experiencing chronic stress and you know the thinking now is that in our current circumstances we are now considered to be living in chronically stressful a chronically stressful situation so how do we cope we cope by using stress management techniques so the first the first one is we need to develop or develop a level of acceptance and awareness so first of all accepting that the situation is what it is uh but also developing a level of self-awareness and self-awareness means being aware of your body's response to the situation that you're in and being able to identify when your body is sending you those messages that you are experiencing a significant amount of stop you note what is happening note what you're feeling and develop a plan to respond to what you're feeling we need to accept that this the current situation will continue for a time for a little bit right so there's no going back to what we considered not all normal life because the virus now lives with us and it's essentially a part of all lives so that is going to dictate some of what will be happening in our environment stress management tip number two we want you to take care of your physical health so this is something that you know most of us have heard and we keep hearing about it eating healthy balanced meals build paying attention to building your immune system resilience in the bci the you know the chip program has been launched and that can help us if we think that we need that that sort of help to comprehensively improve um our overall health so that's that's a tool that we can look to use um exercise regularly exercise has both physical and psychological effects and you really want to be exercising three to three times a week is minimum for 45 minutes to an hour but exercise every day um increasing your steps more than 10 000 steps per day that is what you really want to aim towards sleep is important um adequate quality sleep is what i like to say and we know that sleep is important to for re repairing and rejuvenating the system um but you want to look at your sleep hygiene you want to ensure that you're getting good quality sleep you set your sleep time and your wake up time every day and you you become almost obsessive about having good sleep avoid excessive alcohol and drug use um so you know very often when we're feeling anxious or we're feeling stressed or tense we try to self-medicate so use of alcohol use of other drugs marijuana cannabis um use of caffeine so avoiding excessive use is important because that creates other problems number three so taking good care of your mental health so you know as the picture shows having good mental health and good physical are both important and and that creates then uh um a healthy individual overall it's important to educate yourself about the nature of stress um and and understand the effect that has on you as an individual because each of us responds differently to stress so we have to be aware of what our particular symptoms are so that you can respond to that also acknowledging that feeling some level of stress you know stress is not good or bad this is how we respond to what we're feeling that's important and having some stress stressful reactions may be normal depending on the but we don't expect that the stressful reactions will persist and then we want you to engage in relaxation techniques so when you're feeling overwhelmed there are various things that you can do to relax so taking long slow deep breaths just practice that right and that is real that's that is important because when we feel stressed are anxious we tend to take tend to shallow breathe so we don't take any enough breath or and and we we compromise our system because then we don't get adequate supplies of oxygen so deep breathing okay works to help to to start the relaxation response engage enjoyable activities this is different for everybody each person listening to susan music spending time with nature so most of us have rediscovered this uh with with clovis you know gardening and um going for nature hikes um you know one of the things i've i've started saying is i think there's a positive order covered which is we've rediscovered the bvi and all of the places we can go to that are actually peaceful right um and can help us to relax so looking at that that is as as a way to relax is important meditation meditation um works meditation helps us to control our our thoughts and to control even our breathing okay and these two apps that i have listed here i recommend highly there's a smiling mind app and then there's headspace for persons who are new to meditation i find that they take you through and help you with your body scans and the relaxation so those are two good apps that you can refer to tip number four so you want to develop a routine so one of the things that covet has done has done is it has has caused a lot of disruption there's been disruption in our home lives destruction and disruption in our work life school lives um and each time we think that we have a routine down pat then something happens that makes us have to disrupt that but it's really important to structure your time so within whatever situation you may find yourself establish a routine so that you can have some sense of normalcy and this is particularly important to where their children in the home try to incorporate things that you didn't normally before right and regular activities with other persons so although we have to um physical distance we can still interact socially using the technology so we should try to incorporate those activities stress management tip number five social support social supports are really important okay um and i know in the bvi we have persons who um live and work here who may not have you know family support they may be here on their own so having social support uh support group a per person that you can talk to that you trust that you can get support from is is very important important and your support system can include families friends other loved ones um your faith-based persons within your faith-based organizations um service clubs other professionals but identifying and having you know it doesn't have to be a big group with persons that you can you can bounce things off of and feel free to speak and that they would support you um stress management tip number six so in spite of doing everything that i have mentioned you know you still may feel distressed hopeless um and have difficulties functioning on a day-to-day basis remember i said that you know the city or current situation is likely to continue and therefore you know over time you know we may find ourselves um really not coping or not functioning as we're used to then it's important to reach out for help um professional intervention is important and it can include just therapy or medication or bone okay and at the end of this presentation it gives you some persons a listing that you can use so stress management considerations specifically for covid the major source of stress i i am saying this is just my personal opinion now um that the emphademic there's an epidemic of information associated with covet 19 and that creates four individuals a high level of stress um and of course because we know have you know all the way we work and live has changed we become more reliant on technology and so you're bombarded with information so you have to manage that so you minimize what you read what you expose yourself to and if you find that it is causing you a lot of anxiety and distress and feelings then you know you you choose when you tune in and when you will tune out um for information use reputable sources so you know we've been here we've we've heard about the whole challenge um around misinformation um and and rumors and fake news in bca are you know around coving and the things that are happening so choose your trusted source and stick with that right um and if you're sick and concerned about coffee you need to know where to get treatment where you can go to get tested and who you can result to um for support and then stress management around the so the ddm website has a manual that they've done and i encourage everyone to go to the website and get a copy of the manual it's excellent it talks about preparing for the hurricane season during corporate um but the main thing is we have to remain prepared during the season so a part of managing your stress is knowing what your plan is going to be right and if you think about it being prepared for hurricane season applies for covet because a part of what the mitigation strategy included may be that we have um stay at home or lockdowns that will occur from time to time depending on what is happening and therefore having your emergency food water and medical supplies um is important so if you haven't stocked up already you should be stocked up and there are a checklist that tells you what you need to have and how much you need to provide based on your family size so just if you have chronic diseases that you have at least two months of medications always available and that is something that's available here that is unload here if you know that you're gonna have to go to a shelter you should have your emergency bag ready and the main thing is to remember that you're gonna have to mask up you're gonna need gloves you're gonna need a hand sanitizer so you need to include those now into whatever your emergency bag would have been prepare to evacuate if you know you will me if you live in a situation where it's risky if misfortune or you know with wind and the hazards associated with that you need to have that um that togo kit ready with the personal items that you will need and as i said before because it's covered 19 you have to include these these other things hand sanitizer disinfectant wipes and two masks per person right if you're going to be checking on friends and neighbors you're going to follow the social listening recommendations um and you need to know where your safe place is going to be so if it's going to be at a family member then you need to make sure that you know it's set up for social differencing that is going to be safe is if you're going to go to a shelter you need to know where that shelter is that you may need to go to and then for sheltering with hurricane season these are things that we should know already um as i said before know where your shelter is and remember that you're gonna have to practice all the current uh protocols so the social distancing you know washing your hands um they're going to be policies in place to try to keep everybody safe so you have to prepare your mind that if you're going to be in a shelter that that is you know it's going to be a little bit different than what you may have been used to before okay and of course if you feel sick you should let the shelter staff know and if after a hurricane you know you do the things to keep yourself safe continuing to observe the protocols related to covet if you get sick or injured you need to know who you're going to contact for treatment and if you're going to use um a generator you know make sure that it's properly um in an area that is properly that's open um but so disasters you know can cause and strong emotions but if we once we prepare our minds that you know this may happen and have a plan then that will help to decrease uh all levels of stress and you need to have a plan a and a plan b people persons who have pre-existing health conditions remember that you're at risk and therefore you need to be monitoring yourself for any worsening of symptoms of your illness that may happen and it's a structural time for all of us but we can all cope and learn to cope with the changes we have to use actively use the stress relief technique so the deep breathing relaxation schedule the time for take time out as you need to be self-aware of what your body is feeling and respond to that educate yourself the ongoing changes with covad as well as keeping up to date with what's happening with the hurricanes um and if you do experience difficulties coping then you you know reach out for professional help this is a listing of um resources in bvi um many places many workplaces have employee assistance programs make use of them um and the services are available both privately and at bvi health services authority so there's really no reason why we cannot get help if we need to and then remember that when you can't control what's happening as we may feel now challenge yourself to control the way you respond to what's happening because that is where your true power lies and that's the end of my presentation thank you very much i have references and i guess we'll send we'll probably send this out and you can access the information on all of the different websites thank thank you so much dr samwell yes uh we can share the presentation as well as the recording of this webinar with everyone a little bit later let me just um share my screen we developed some questions to kind of engage discussion and maybe dr cayetano i'm not seeing um i'm not seeing sidra with us but maybe you can help us with the discussion the question and answer part thank you very much dr samuel you're such a good presenter i i think your breathing is definitely very you know slow manageable so even your way of presenting makes one feel so um calm um one of the things that while we're doing the while amy is putting up the questions and i will will ask the uh participants to please raise their hand if they have a question or they can actually uh you know write it on their chat he said there's a way it's not the same the stress the coping with the stress that when you are facing um for example when you're facing covet and if you're facing a hurricane so when we started this is um in terms of in terms of the co you know building your coping skills remember in terms of putting all of those things together and i think this is what's also important because everything that dr summer is guiding you is to help you to become more resilient you may some of you i don't know how many of you are familiar with this program that we have with vvi where we also develop work with the community to work on community resilience so for the hurricane you also need to make sure that you um you think of that so this is what taking us to our question number one what is the difference between coping with strength during hurricane and coping with stress doing covet 19. i don't i am unable to see if the hands are anyone uh don't compete for the mic uh it will be good to get some feedback from you what you think is the difference you will not be able to unmute yourself but if you raise your hand so there is a can click on your name and you raise your hand and then uh my colleague amy will be able to unmute you it's just that if you unmute everyone then it becomes very difficult to hear sometimes should we on news everyone any you think i don't know we just want to encourage you to so the questions that we have here for discussions is um one if whether there's a difference between coping with us stress during copies and the other one why is it important to understand your values in dealing with stress and the other discussion is um question is how do children express stress during hurricane can we prepare ourselves mentally to face the hurricane season if so you know so what do you what do you what your thoughts are about that i think it's when when we want to take we still have 15 more minutes before um ending the presentation so we are interested to engage and get your feedback on any of the questions i think also any any questions for dr samuel and her presentation are also welcome definitely thank you um should we ask do you know some of the participants like the family ah she's asking a question hi so good to see you with us i know it's brenda hi miss brenda feel free can you uh amy you can you can unuse this friend with brenda yep she's a needed okay hi new friend that would be good to have you in the webinar hi hi good to be here um i would say that there's not really any difference between coping with having with a hurricane and with covert because they're both stressful um and using good coping strategies would be helpful especially you know breathing and exercising and eating right and getting by the monkey's so i think all of those strategies are necessary whether it's during hurricane or whether it's during covet and just you know encouraging ourselves with positive thoughts instead of the negative thoughts that will creep up and having hope and you know just thinking of the positive thing that i think is important in either either situation in both situations thank you miss brenda and it's so good to hear you and uh with the positive uh recommendation and and again reinforcing the importance of breathing and you're quite correct it is how we respond to these stressors right anybody else that we have yes i'm gonna unmute leslie's mic good evening and i'm very happy to be a part of this presentation thank you dr samuel you're welcome um in my opinion i think there is a difference between the hurricane and actually cooperate with kobe because you know in your mind all right june 1st to the 30th of november is hurricane season all right so the day after that you don't necessarily have to worry about something coming to mash up your house and take away everything that you worked hard for however for kuvy there is no real time frame for us so mentally you have to keep just shifting around yourself getting acquainted curfews and protocols and guidelines whereas for hurricanes you you know you have a different timing where you can anticipate something that's all i have to say and do you have a comment from althea now from not to trump paul the trump yeah that's the far left maybe you have you can unuse that trust me um sure sure thank you so while amy is on muting that man and um i think it's also the issue of the type of the stressor so hurricane is kind of predictable june to november i under i think this is the point that you're making one but yeah at the same time uh you that that's one issue and the other thing too is that you the public health measures are different but it's about how you're preparing you know this is what we want to be able to encourage encourage each one who is connected to this webinar but let's hear that the trust man you might hear is on music good evening everybody it's great to be part of this um this evening the previous speaker mentioned you know about the duration and the time frame and it made me reflect on something my nine-year-old said during the beginning of the clovid um lockdown in march you know she was very anxious because um it was something unusual and i asked her you know i said we've been through difficult things before you know we survived irma and she said but mommy irma was a short event that we knew we were going to recover from and we don't know when this is ever going to end and unfortunately i had to tell her um just this morning you know school isn't going to resume the way we were planning for and explain to her why that was she took it remarkably well um but we we still have um a lot of people here adults and children who are very fearful very very hyper vigilant with every storm system that is coming um and then you have that added hyper vigilance with as well certainly in well with some of us in healthcare i work in employee for me personally i am incredibly careful in terms of who am i in contact with and what level of contact is that and am i protecting myself but i think that we're struggling a little bit with a disconnect between some people and what's going on over there because maybe it's just too much so we're trying to pretend like it's not happening or maybe it's not pretense it's a coping mechanism but that's gonna get us into difficulty if we can't encourage people to find the right coping mechanism so i'm very grateful for this exercise thank you i mean the other thing that i i i wondered about is exactly what i said in the presentation um you know the stress response as you're saying dr k kano is the same but you know the on again off again that that we have to go through with the hurricane season especially now so you know you you're you're on again on a watch and then you're off and and you're having to think about who you're next to for kobe i mean i i believe that the it is it's not that there's a difference between the coping but i i think it's just the the waxing and waning of having to go through that response if you if you may and then the the ongoing nature of it all as dr troutman said um i think i mean from my perspective so yeah thank you and you know that um you you you know you're you're right you everyone who is being expressed in their opinion i think it makes sense in terms thinking of the the impact and it's not only hurricane i think in being in dvi dr springer was talking about the seismic uh changing earthquake earthquakes so that's something to keep in mind so well definitely it's so important to find ways of copying um you know that is positive because if you're not copying positively then people end up using drugs using alcohol and like you're saying about this impact of stress i think this is so and i like all these tips that you're giving about the the works in the you know walk and in nature you know i like all those tips i think people can take advantage because it is that when your mind is clear then you make better decisions when that's the first man who was speaking i was wondering that since she talked about her child nine year olds whether you think you know like how children express stress maybe that was something you may i would you know it's also good to to to talk about because sometimes you know in our culture sometimes we think kids are not to be yeah yeah if i didn't i didn't address i didn't address that in this in this presentation i think i focus more on adults i guess we're gonna do something around kids but maybe miss foy can weigh in on that a little bit too but we have rodney brentwood has his hand up maybe maybe you can um on mute you know good afternoon good afternoon good afternoon good afternoon good afternoon by dr samuel um great quote mechanism strategies but for me with kovid is not only the stress of i think the other stress the additional stress the core of it is worrying about what the next person that you're going to come come in contact with is doing and for me there's a bigger stress then um knowing the other stuff because it's like the contact trace and part of it so it's like i might do whatever i have to do but then i still stress about what the other person that i'm going to come come in contact with is doing in terms of the hurricane i believe that the quota mechanisms are great and as the other presenter said just now thinking about all the other natural disasters that can occur especially here in the bvi those corporate mechanisms are also great so it's not only the hurricane but we have to worry about the earthquake and then when you hear the tsunami one if there's one all of those additional stresses are there but the biggest thing for me with clovid is worrying about what the other person you come in contact with is actually doing because you might do everything possible in your powers and then some other person decides you want to do what it's supposed to be then and then expose you unknowingly to something that is going on absolutely before i comment on this i want to get nurse i'll see ya her hand was up oh yes yes yeah amy in it no but her hand was up you can actually use music again that's the truth okay good evening to everyone all right good information so far really enjoying it and my concern too i worked right after emma maria right there and my concern of the stress is that i can actually see the danger in being out there taking care of my clients i work in the community so i can actually see a falling wire and a fallen tree and decide i'm not going to pass there because this is dangerous whatever with kovid i'm not sure who i'm dealing with even if i go to a client who appears to be doing the right thing i'm not sure who is living with them and who they interact with so i'm always on the high um you know so it's uh the stress is just different yes i'm still the community i have the same clients they may come to me looking clean and nice and tender and their mask on and everything else but i'm not sure who's in the house with them who was there who have not been there and with my daughter who is 12 she told me you know i'll go off 2019 because 2020 that's not working out so far 2020 is not working out at all let's go like 2019. this is not working out i am not understanding this this is not nothing as planned it's coming through and i'm not i'm not this is not this is not right she kind of she said she can't understand 20 20. it's supposed to be a big year 2020 vision and she's not seeing anything in division she has no vision so far for that she's only 12. but honestly the stress levels are different because i have the same clients i'm in the community but i can see the fallen tree post hurricane i can see the wires on the ground i can see where i should not pass if kobe i don't know where he is or where she is only i'm not sure but i'm not sure so my stress level is just different as to my level of awareness i'm always what do i do do i make you know you never you're just not so sure you're never sure so the level of coping is just different up to this one i'm like what is really going on i ask myself what is really going on i'm still asking what is really going on because schools are back to online and we with the with the corvaid you can't decide where you i can decide okay i want to shop for that amount of stuff during the hurricane season with the kovid today the supermarkets are open tomorrow you don't control where you go when you go with koveed the hurricane you can say okay it's safe to go out now the kobe do you never you can't decide the government says you can't go out you can't go up with the post hurricane you can decide to go out if you want to that kind of way and you can actually see the changes and the improvement in the environment because you passed today there was a window replaced on this building and the next day is the door so you're like okay things are coming back with the covet you never shave is going to come back we're still not sure especially now thank you i think it's miss ivy too has a hand up beside miss george is hermione is he music amy with ivy journal go ahead miss george i think you're on music thank you dr samuel i want to um what i wanted to stress is that we are now in the half of the hurricane and we also right now going through a where we are locked on where we are focusing on covid from my experience um we have shelters but some some communities they don't have shelters and the shelters many of them last time were not suitable so therefore people in the community end up going to neighbors homes so i think we need to put some measures in place i don't know if it is your department or maybe we need to work with the surveillance unit and ddn to to put something in place that will say to people that we know this might happen and if we have a situation where we have a hurricane and people need to and your neighbors are knocking on your door um how what kind of measures we need to put in place to ensure that we don't compromise ourselves with covert 19. i think that is something that's going to be very thank you crazy i agree i agree yeah notes of that i think that's a really good intervention point yeah because yeah that's an excellent point ivy thank you for that um and i you know i think the point that um the other persons were beginning before you know because you know even i in my own personal experience experience you know you do what you're supposed to do and then covet can become really very real because you know i took a staycation went to any garage and ended up being in and he gathered that week that this whole thing came multiple contacts in anagana so imagine you take a week off and then the next week you spend um stressing about okay did i come into contact did i not come into contact so it it you know it then makes it very real for you um and and it's so important that um not only the whole self awareness being aware of what you're doing but also looking at what other people are doing and trying to ensure that you know their behaviors are appropriate to protect you um i think is a part of what what we have to now do and what makes this whole covid you know the stress related uh dealing with kovid a little bit different okay do we have time for just a couple more comments rodney would like to say something and then paula samuel okay thank you very much um following on to what dr samuel just said certain things making things real for people um as the occupational health physician at health services when we then had our our first admission for this new group of cases that we're seeing and people realized that they were in contact with that case we've been seeing a change in behavior in terms of the staff trying to be more consistent with mask usage um even though for weeks and months we've been encouraging them to pattern a particular level of behavior you would speak to them about the masks and they would tell you oh the mask is going to kill you and they can't breathe and and you hear these weird and wonderful fanciful stories about why they shouldn't comply with a with a request an order that was given that they should protect themselves and others in the clinical spaces and then the following the following afternoon after people became aware that people may have been compromised we then saw this miraculous change where everybody was masked and everybody had shields and everybody was doing everything right and it's a week later and everybody isn't doing that anymore some people are but it's really difficult to encourage grown people adults to pattern the right behaviors and and to let the people it there really seems to be this sort of denial that we keep falling back into that it can't affect me until it affects somebody right next to you and then it shakes you up a little bit and i'm wondering um dr samuel how we can work on that um that's a hard question to answer we have two more people sorry that was a that was a cry for help if you didn't understand me that's a cry for help okay all right i i you know one of the things that we can also trying to encourage is these people thanks dr trusman you make so much sense and any this discussion is so relevant you know because i i think we want to be able to be proactive um encouraging people who have been infected with problems who have been covered positive come to the forefront is a good way then you can hear from them in struggle [Applause] sometimes you know to have people coming and talk about that experience or simple it is for them and for their family so that's what one way and then of course we are role models too to people and i'm sure you're doing your best to maintain that you know the mass can be limiting going out and uh social physical distance inside but we have two more and then we probably have to close this is such an interesting discussion so i know i see any isolation correct but i see two hands fill up no sure i think next week from rodney and then nurse althea had had a comment wow racist question go ahead rodney if you had another comment and okay am i on yeah okay i also meant i also also forgot to that sometimes with the hurricane you find persons may temporarily lose their jobs because of infrastructure broken down or whatever and there is temporary closure of their jobs in terms of repair and everything to the building and whatever but with kobe do you think closure of jobs and nothing reopening so does unemployment continue to increase so they're coping with stress with hurricane and the kovit is different post-hurricane persons get laid off because repairs and they know that you know the bill has been repaired and stuff like that but with the kobe they have been sent boom and nothing reopening so that stress is it continues they're left to wonder what's happening i no longer have a job and because of the service i give i can i may no longer have a job because of the high risk of opening like the restaurants and stuff like that the tourism tourism you know departments you they are closed the stores and boutiques are closed because no cruise ship coming in and stuff like that so doctors are unemployed for such longer periods whereas if it's just a hurricane situation they could actually see so there's hope because um we have been repaired so we know why we are home with kobe we are being home we are home because the job we do is a higher risk and there's nobody coming in so we can no longer work so that that stress continues so that is just it to me can't compare i can't compare those two the jobs you lose post hurricane and the jobs you're losing during kobe it can't be compared there's no hope and there's no hope but yeah yeah great thank you and this is probably having these discussions in terms of the importance of coping uh and the impact of that stress because as dr samuel was saying then you end up having a very uh you know chronic and i think once with discussions it becomes easier for uh so i think that's it for my part this has been a great discussion and thanks everyone for attending i think amy i i oh and i passed invited to dr samuel if she has something else to say but from my part this has been fabulous uh uh they might be it's yours that's the family and the negative amy thank you so yeah so definitely um a great discussion thank everyone who has participated i think the key point is um the stress is manageable but we have to intentionally manage it you know we're going to continue to to have this ongoing chronic stress because of the coffee situation but it's important for each of us to make sure we implement and practice our stress management plan so that we can continue to maintain um all level of wellness so thank you very much and people look out for the next series which will be in two weeks thank you dr samuel for the wonderful presentation and for all of our participants for joining us um please stay logged in and and we'd greatly appreciate if you help us by taking a brief survey as soon as the event ends uh and it's been wonderful having you here have a great evening thank you and with your presentation and and as well as the recording time back to family translation okay bye all right bye emmy

- The psychological effect of dealing with COVID-19, hurricane season: Kind: captions Language: en TO TO SHIFT TO SHIFT A TO SHIFT A LITTLE TO SHIFT A LITTLE FURTHER TO SHIFT A LITTLE FURTHER WEST EVERY EVERY TIME. WE WE WILL WE WILL KEEP WE WILL KEEP YOU WE WILL KEEP YOU UPDATED WE WILL KEEP YOU UPDATED WITH THE THE LATEST THE LATEST FORECAST. >>> >>> IT >>> IT MIGHT >>> IT MIGHT FEEL >>> IT MIGHT FEEL LIKE >>> IT MIGHT FEEL LIKE A >>> IT MIGHT FEEL LIKE A ONE, TWO TWO COMBINATION TWO COMBINATION TO TWO COMBINATION TO THE PSYCHOLOGICAL PSYCHOLOGICAL GUT, PSYCHOLOGICAL GUT, A PSYCHOLOGICAL GUT, A PANDEMIC DURING DURING HURRICANE DURING HURRICANE SEASON, DURING HURRICANE SEASON, JUST ONE ONE OF ONE OF THOSE ONE OF THOSE IS ONE OF THOSE IS ENOUGH ONE OF THOSE IS ENOUGH TO ONE OF THOSE IS ENOUGH TO SEND YOU YOU OUR YOU OUR STRESS YOU OUR STRESS RIGHT YOU OUR STRESS RIGHT THROUGH THE ROOF. THE PSYCHOLOGICAL THE PSYCHOLOGICAL EFFECT THE PSYCHOLOGICAL EFFECT OF THE PSYCHOLOGICAL EFFECT OF A HURRICANE HURRICANE AND HURRICANE AND A HURRICANE AND A PANDEMIC HURRICANE AND A PANDEMIC CAN HURRICANE AND A PANDEMIC CAN BE SIMILAR, SIMILAR, BOTH SIMILAR, BOTH INSPIRE SIMILAR, BOTH INSPIRE FEAR, SIMILAR, BOTH INSPIRE FEAR, THE HURRICANE AND THE HURRICANE AND THE FLOOD HURRICANE AND THE FLOOD THAT MIGHT MIGHT FOLLOW MIGHT FOLLOW IN MIGHT FOLLOW IN THE MIGHT FOLLOW IN THE PANDEMIC WITH WITH ITS WITH ITS TRAIL WITH ITS TRAIL OF WITH ITS TRAIL OF INFECTIONS AND AND FATALITIES, AND FATALITIES, WHETHER AND FATALITIES, WHETHER IT'S LAURA LAURA OR LAURA OR CORONA, LAURA OR CORONA, BOTH LAURA OR CORONA, BOTH WHIP LAURA OR CORONA, BOTH WHIP OF OUR OUR ANXIETY OUR ANXIETY BECAUSE OUR ANXIETY BECAUSE PREDICTIONS AND INFORMATION AND INFORMATION CAN AND INFORMATION CAN CHANGE, FEEDING FEEDING MOUNTING FEEDING MOUNTING UNCERTAINTY AND OUR AND OUR SENSE AND OUR SENSE OF AND OUR SENSE OF HELPLESSNESS, A A FEELINGOF A FEELINGOF SAFETY A FEELINGOF SAFETY IS SOMETHING SOMETHING WE SOMETHING WE NEED SOMETHING WE NEED BUT SOMETHING WE NEED BUT A PANDEMIC PANDEMIC IN PANDEMIC IN A PANDEMIC IN A HURRICANE PANDEMIC IN A HURRICANE CAN PANDEMIC IN A HURRICANE CAN ROB US US OF US OF SECURITY, US OF SECURITY, ZAPPING US OF SECURITY, ZAPPING OUR MOTIVATION MOTIVATION AND MOTIVATION AND MAYBE MOTIVATION AND MAYBE LEADING MOTIVATION AND MAYBE LEADING TO DEPRESSION, DEPRESSION, BUT DEPRESSION, BUT HOLD DEPRESSION, BUT HOLD ON DEPRESSION, BUT HOLD ON A MOMENT, MOMENT, WE MOMENT, WE CAN MOMENT, WE CAN CONTROL MOMENT, WE CAN CONTROL RISK MOMENT, WE CAN CONTROL RISK IN BOTH BOTH SITUATIONS, BOTH SITUATIONS, WE BOTH SITUATIONS, WE ARE BOTH SITUATIONS, WE ARE NOT HELPLESS. DURING A DURING A PANDEMIC, DURING A PANDEMIC, WE DURING A PANDEMIC, WE HAVE PURCHASED PURCHASED MASKS, PURCHASED MASKS, WASHED PURCHASED MASKS, WASHED OUR HANDS HANDS INSTEAD HANDS INSTEAD OF HANDS INSTEAD OF HOME HANDS INSTEAD OF HOME TO MITIGATE MITIGATE RISK. WE CAN WE CAN SUCK WE CAN SUCK THE WE CAN SUCK THE AIR WE CAN SUCK THE AIR OUT WE CAN SUCK THE AIR OUT OF HELPLESSNESS HELPLESSNESS BY HELPLESSNESS BY BEING HELPLESSNESS BY BEING PREPARED TO FACE TO FACE ANY TO FACE ANY MAYHEM TO FACE ANY MAYHEM WITH TO FACE ANY MAYHEM WITH A HURRICANE KIT, HURRICANE KIT, BATTERIES, FLASHLIGHTS FLASHLIGHTS AND FLASHLIGHTS AND MASKS FLASHLIGHTS AND MASKS CAN FLASHLIGHTS AND MASKS CAN BE OUR WEAPONS OUR WEAPONS IN OUR WEAPONS IN THE OUR WEAPONS IN THE FIGHT AGAINST AGAINST ANXIETY AGAINST ANXIETY AND AGAINST ANXIETY AND DEPRESSION, HOPE HOPE AND HOPE AND HOPE, HOPE AND HOPE, BUT

- EVERYTHING GONE IN A DAY: 15-Year Journey to Rebuild After Hurricane Katrina | A True Survival Story: Kind: captions Language: en through the storm. Rebuilding after Hurricane Katrina. I never expected to lose everything at 53. When you reach that age, you think you've weathered life storms. You've built something stable. A home, a family, memories contained in photo albums and trinkets collected over decades. But on August 29th, 2005, I learned how quickly it could all be washed away. My name is Marcus Johnson. For 30 years, I taught music at a high school in New Orleans Lower 9th Ward. My wife, Darlene, and I raised three children in our modest twostory home on Jerdan Avenue, just a few blocks from the industrial canal. We were part of a tight-knit community, the kind where neighbors watched out for each other, and Saturday cookouts spilled from one yard to the next. We'd seen hurricanes before. Growing up in New Orleans means learning to live with the threat of storms. We'd evacuated a few times over the years, packed the car with clothes and photo albums, secured the house as best we could, and driven to stay with Darlene's sister in Houston until the danger passed. Most times we'd returned to find minor damage. A fence down, shingles torn from the roof, water in the garage, nothing we couldn't handle. When the warnings about Katrina began, we initially planned to do the same, but Darlene's mother had been battling pneumonia in Turo Infirmary, and my wife was reluctant to leave her. "It'll blow over like they always do," she said, though the weather reports were more ominous than usual. By the time we realized the severity of the approaching storm, the highways were clogged with evacuees. Mayor Negan had ordered a mandatory evacuation, but thousands remained in the city. Those without transportation, the elderly, the stubborn, and yes, people like us, torn by difficult choices. We made a lastm minute decision to split up. Darlene would stay with her mother at the hospital, which had backup generators and was on higher ground. I would remain at home with our dog Charlie, a golden retriever who'd been part of our family for 11 years. Our children were grown and living in different states, safe at least from what was coming. The night before Katrina hit, I called each of my kids. I love you, I told them, trying to keep my voice steady. I'll call as soon as it's over. I didn't know it would be weeks before they heard my voice again. The storm itself was terrifying. Howling winds that sounded like freight trains, rain so heavy it seemed to be coming from all directions. I'd moved to the second floor with Charlie, some food, water, and a batterypowered radio. Through the night and into the morning, I listened to the destruction, the cracking of trees, the crash of objects hitting the house. But it was what came after that changed everything. I was dozing fitfully when I heard a sound like thunder followed by a rush of water. The industrial canal levy had breached. Within minutes, water was pouring into our neighborhood. I looked out the window to see it rising rapidly, cars already submerged, front porches disappearing. I grabbed Charlie and a few essentials and made it to the attic just as water began flowing up the stairs. The hatch to the roof was stuck. I had to kick it open. We emerged into eerie daylight. The neighborhood transformed into a vast lake with rooftops like islands. I won't dwell on those days on the roof. The blistering sun. The night so dark you couldn't see your hand in front of your face. The helicopters passing overhead. The cries from other rooftops. Charlie pressed against me as confused and frightened as I was. On the third day, a Coast Guard helicopter spotted us. The rescue swimmer who came down told me I could only bring what I could carry in one hand. I had to leave almost everything behind. I looked at Charlie, then at the rescuer. The dog comes, I said. It wasn't a question. The young man nodded. We'll make it work. We were dropped at an emergency collection point on the interstate. From there, buses took us to the Superdome, which had become a shelter of last resort. The scenes there haunt me still. Thousands of people in deteriorating conditions, inadequate food and water, overflowing toilets, the heat and smell unbearable. I kept Charlie close, sharing my mega rations with him, both of us shell shocked. Through it all, I worried constantly about Darlene. The hospital had been evacuated, I learned. But to where? Communications were down throughout the city. The not knowing was its own kind of torture. After four nightmarish days in the Superdome, I was evacuated to a shelter in Baton Rouge. It was there, scrolling through handwritten lists of evacuees posted on walls that I saw Darlene's name. She'd been taken to another shelter in the same city. Our reunion the next day was one of those moments where joy and grief collide. We held each other and cried for finding each other, for what we'd lost. For her mother, who had died during the hospital evacuation, for our ruined home and community, I tried to save the photo albums, I told her, breaking down. Those irreplaceable memories, our wedding, the children's birthdays, family holidays, all gone. We're alive, she said, cupping my face in her hands. We start from there. Over the following weeks, we moved between shelters, then to a FEMA trailer. We registered for assistance, stood in endless lines, filled out countless forms. Charlie became a favorite among the children in the shelters, a small bright spot in their disrupted lives. 2 months after Katrina, we were able to return briefly to our neighborhood. Nothing prepared us for what we found. Our house was still standing, but barely. The waterline reached almost to the second floor. Inside was unrecognizable. Furniture overturned, walls bloated with mold, everything coated in dried muck. The piano where I taught countless lessons to neighborhood kids was warped beyond repair. The family photos I'd tried to save dissolved into unrecognizable pulp. We salvaged almost nothing. Just a few water-damaged momentos and my father's pocket watch that had somehow survived in a dresser drawer. Our neighbors homes were in similar or worse condition. Some houses had been completely washed away, leaving only concrete slabs. The streets were deserted except for military vehicles and the occasional cleanup crew. "We can't come back here," Darlene said, her voice hollow. "There's nothing left to come back to." She was right. The lower ninth ward, once vibrant with life and music, had become a ghost town. basic services, electricity, water, gas, would take months or years to restore. The schools where we'd worked were destroyed. And like many in our community, our insurance wouldn't cover most of the damage. The fine print excluding flood damage had sealed our fate. We faced the hardest decision of our lives, whether to rebuild or relocate. Darlene's sister offered us a place to stay in Houston while we figured things out. With few option, we accepted. Those first months in Houston were a blur of grief, paperwork, and uncertainty. I found work as a substitute music teacher, while Darlene took a job at a department store. We lived in Rachel's spare bedroom. Charlie adapting to apartment life. Every day brought a new humiliation. borrowing clothes, asking for rides, learning to live with constant charity. Our children wanted us to move near them. New York, Chicago, Atlanta. Start fresh, they said. But something in me resisted. New Orleans wasn't just where we lived. It was part of who we were. I can't explain it, I told Darlene one night. But I feel like if we leave for good, we're giving up on more than just our house. She nodded, understanding. I feel it, too. 6 months after Katrina, we returned to New Orleans to make a final decision. The city was still reeling, but signs of recovery had begun to emerge. Some businesses had reopened. Residents were trickling back. Volunteers from around the country were helping with clean up and rebuilding. Our neighborhood remained largely abandoned, but we noticed small changes. A cleaned up lot here, a FEMA trailer there, a newly planted tree. We met Mr. Wilson, our elderly neighbor, who'd refused to leave. He was living in a small trailer beside his ruined home, determined to rebuild. "This is home," he said simply. "Where else would I go?" His words resonated with us. That evening, sitting in a small rented room, Darlene and I made our decision. We would return, but not to the lower 9inth ward, at least not yet. We would start smaller in a part of the city that had seen less damage, where recovery was further along. With our insurance settlement, inadequate as it was, FEMA assistance, and a loan against my pension, we bought a small duplex in Gentilly. The previous owners had evacuated and decided not to return. The house needed work, new drywall, floors, appliances, but the structure was sound. We moved back to New Orleans in June 2006, almost a year after Katrina. Our new home wasn't in our old neighborhood. Didn't hold our history. But it was a start. Charlie seemed especially pleased to have a yard again. Remaking our lives took time and presented challenges we'd never imagined. Simple tasks, finding a doctor, getting mail delivered, registering a car, had become complicated in post Katrina New Orleans. Services we took for granted before. Reliable electricity, garbage collection, police response were inconsistent at best. I found a teaching position at a charter school that had reopened. The school was overcrowded, underequipped and housed in a temporary building. But the students, many traumatized by their own Katrina experiences, needed stability and normaly. Music gave them that. In those first months back, I saw how healing it could be to create something beautiful amid so much destruction. Darlene, always more adaptable than me, reinvented herself completely. Before Katrina, she'd worked as an administrative assistant at the same school where I taught. Now, inspired by her experience with displacement, she took a position with a nonprofit helping evacuees navigate the Byzantine process of securing assistance and rebuilding. I lived it, she would tell her clients. I know how overwhelming this is. Our new life developed its own rhythm. We made new friends among our neighbors and co-workers, many of whom shared similar stories of loss and reinvention. On weekends, we often drove to the lower 9inth ward to check on reconstruction efforts and visit Mr. Wilson, who was slowly rebuilding his house with help from church volunteers. We also began the painstaking process of replacing what was lost. New clothes to fill our closets, kitchen items, furniture, some secondhand, some donated. But the hardest to replace were the personal items, the photographs, letters, children's artwork, family heirlooms. Those were simply gone. Or so we thought. One Saturday about 18 months after Katrina, we received a call from a woman named Grace. She'd found a waterlogged photo album washed up in her yard in Arab, several miles from our old home. Inside was a family photo with our names written on the back. "I've been trying to find you for months," she said. "I saved what I could." When we met her, she handed over a plastic container with our salvaged album. Most of the photos were ruined, but miraculously, a few had survived. Our wedding portrait, a Christmas with the kids when they were small, a faded image of me as a young man with my first school band. I knew these would be important to someone, Grace said. After losing so much myself, I understand the value of memories. That gesture of kindness from a stranger touched us deeply. It reminded us that even in the worst circumstances, humanity persists. Grace became a friend, one of many connections formed in the aftermath of tragedy. As months turned into years, our city slowly healed. Not completely. New Orleans would never be exactly what it was before. Some neighborhoods, including parts of the Lower 9inth Ward, remained sparsely populated. Many former residents never returned, creating a diaspora of New Orleanians across the country. The city's demographics and character shifted in subtle and not so subtle ways. But the resilience of those who stayed or returned was remarkable. Restaurants reopened with limited menus, but the same devotion to local cuisine. Music clubs brought back live performances. Mardigra parades resumed, perhaps more cathartic than celebratory at first. In 2009, 4 years after Katrina, I retired from teaching. The charter school had stabilized, finding a permanent location and expanding its music program. I felt I could step back, making way for younger teachers with fresh energy. Darlene continued her work with the nonprofit, which had expanded to help with broader community revitalization efforts. With more time on my hands, I began volunteering, teaching music to children in still struggling neighborhoods. One afternoon each week, I'd set up in a community center in the lower 9inth ward, offering free lessons to anyone interested. Sometimes only a few children would show up. Other times, I'd have a dozen eager faces before me. It was during one of these sessions that I met Deshaawn, a solemn 10-year-old with an intuitive understanding of rhythm. He rarely spoke, but transformed when he played the drums I'd brought. His grandmother, Miss Loretta, would watch from the sidelines, [Music] beaming. He's had a hard time since the storm, she told me after one lesson. Barely talks, but this this is bringing him back. Deshaawn reminded me why music had always been my calling. It wasn't just about notes and technique. It was about expression, connection, healing. In our broken city, making music together became an act of reclamation. As the years passed, our lives found a new normal. We adjusted to our smaller home, our altered routines, our evolved city. Charlie grew old and eventually passed peacefully. At the age of 17, having experienced both the worst and best of humanity, we adopted another dog, a scrappy rescue named Duke, who never knew the pre-Katrina world. We marked anniversaries 5 years since the storm. Then 10. Each August 29th, the city would collectively remember with memorial services and community events. For us, these anniversaries were complicated. Solemn recognition of all that was lost, but also acknowledgment of survival and renewal. 15 years after Katrina in 2020, another crisis emerged. The coid9 pandemic. As our city once again faced disaster, I noticed something remarkable. The resilience developed after Katrina served New Orleans well. People checked on neighbors, supported local businesses, found creative ways to maintain community despite isolation. The lessons of one catastrophe helped navigate another. Now approaching my 70th birthday, I look back on the journey from that rooftop during Katrina to today. The path wasn't what I'd expected for my later years. It included more loss, more struggle, more starting over than I could have imagined. But it also brought unexpected gifts, deeper connections, new found purpose, appreciation for life's essentials. Our old neighborhood has partially recovered. Some blocks have new homes built by nonprofits or determined former residents. Other areas remain vacant, reclaimed by nature. Vines and wild flowers covering empty lots where families once lived. The demographic makeup has shifted with fewer of the original residents able to return. Last month, I visited my old school building, finally restored and reoped as a community center. Standing in what used to be my classroom, I felt the weight of both absence and presence. All that was lost, all that has been rebuilt. You look like you've seen a ghost, said a voice behind me. I turned to find Deshaawn. No longer the quiet boy with the drums, but a young man in his 20s working as the cent's music coordinator. Maybe I have, I said, smiling. The ghost of what was? He nodded, understanding. And what could be? That's the story of post Katrina New Orleans and my story, too. Navigating between what was, what is, and what could be. The city will never be the same as it was before the storm. Neither will I. The losses remain real. The neighbors who never returned. The family photographs dissolved in floodwaters. The sense of security washed away. But something new has emerged from the ruins. A hard one wisdom about what truly matters. A deeper connection to place and community. an understanding that home isn't just physical structures, but something we carry within us and rebuild together. When Darlene and I talk about Katrina now, we no longer focus primarily on what was lost. Instead, we speak of what followed, the strangers who became friends, the small kindnesses that sustained us, the communities reformed and strengthened through shared survival. We didn't just survive, Darlene told a reporter doing a 15-year retrospective. We learned how to live differently. That's the unexpected legacy of disaster. Not just destruction, but transformation. Not just what is taken, but what is given. The opportunity to reassess, rebuild, and reimagine our lives with greater awareness of both fragility and strength. I sometimes wonder what my pre- Katrina self would think of my life now. Would he recognize this older man with fewer possessions but a richer understanding of community? Would he understand the path from devastation to this different kind of wholeness? I tell him what I now know. That losing everything doesn't mean the end of everything. That communities can fracture and reform in new patterns. that what seems permanent rarely is. For better and worse, that human connection matters more than physical structures. That music still plays even after the waters rise. These aren't easy lessons, and they came at tremendous cost. But they're the truth I've lived since watching my city and my life transform beneath hurricane winds and floodwaters. They're the story written in New Orleans still unfolding recovery. In the vacant lots and new constructions, in community gardens planted where homes once stood, in second line parades that still wind through changed streets. There, the story written in me. A teacher who lost his classroom but found new ways to share music. A homeowner who lost his house but rediscovered the meaning of home. a New Orleian who watched his city drown but witnessed its determined resurrection. Through it all, I've learned that resilience isn't about bouncing back to what was before. It's about moving forward into something new, carrying what remains after the storms have passed. The core of who we are, the connections that sustain us, the music that plays on the end. For more real life stories, do not forget to like and subscribe.

- Chicago family experiences Hurricane Ian year after moving to Florida: Kind: captions Language: en the Chicago family is thinking twice about moving to Florida tonight a year ago they called Bucktown home today they were in the eye of the storm you just didn't know if it was going to lighten up if something was going to blow off and fly and hit one of your windows rip your screen so here are some images from Naples Florida where Kim Turek and her family relocated last July now Kim did not take these videos but it just gives you an idea of what she is seeing the area has been under a curfew since this afternoon there are widespread tornado warnings cell service is spotty but luckily they have a generator so they haven't lost power you know for a while when I was hearing the winds outside it reminded me of some of our blizzards back home but um it was worse here the winds when you could just hear them beating up especially when they shifted Kim said they never expected to experience a category 4 hurricane this early in their relocation and it's definitely worse than any weather she says she experienced here in Chicago Corey

  Top Comments:
  1. @Poppi_Weez [1 likes]: 😳Oops! Thought it was Sweet, huh?  🤣🙏🙏🙏
  2. @Poppi_Weez: is that water warm?

- Dwana Dominick shares her story about relocating to SA after Hurricane Katrina: Kind: captions Language: en my name is tuwana Dominic and I am a native New Orleanian I just live in San Antonio it's a different style of living in New Orleans there is more of the community all becomes family good bad and indifferent and everybody envelops that I've been living in this house that I'm in right now for nine years and I can't tell you my neighbor's last names on either side of me I can't tell you the first names to be honest with you it's different it's very different you know in in New Orleans I can call my neighbor and say can you get my kid off the off the bus I'm stuck in traffic and there's nothing I did the once here and it cost me $20 for 15 minutes I've met a lot of good people at the restaurant and I like them I love them I think they are my family they're here a lot you know the kind out of my house we have lots of parties lots of football game parties basketball game parties stuff like that and I don't think it's strange to everybody you know because I know Santoni was kind of like a melting pot and everybody kind of ends up here some kind of way mostly military but you know you just land here and you know in the landing you just get all kinds of people from different backgrounds and maybe those everybody stay to themselves in New Orleans it's not really like that you know you can stay you can stay to yourself but everybody knows who you are you know who everybody else is and you come outside when it's time to come outside you so it's different

- MOST EXTREME Hurricane Footage Caught on Camera: Kind: captions Language: en from powerful winds during Hurricane Ida that destroyed everything in sight and catastrophic flooding in North Carolina in the aftermath of hurricane Helen two record-breaking Storm surges in Fort Meyers Florida when hurricane Ian made landfall and a typhoon in southwestern China that went down as the costliest of all time here is some of the most extreme hurricane footage ever caught on camera August 20 9th of 2021 hurricane Ida makes landfall along the Southeastern coast of Louisiana you got this tror trer that's coming tror tranger right here oh sustained winds blew upwards of 150 mph making Ida the second most intense storm to hit Louisiana since hurricane Katrina coincidentally I struck on the same day as Katrina only 16 years later by the time it was over the hurricane storm surge rain and Associated tornadoes caused about $75 billion in damage on August 23rd of 2021 the National Hurricane Center spotted a tropical wave moving across the Eastern Caribbean Sea by dinner time it was officially named tropical storm Ida Ida gained significant strength over over the next several days by the time it smashed into Cuba on August 27th it was a category 1 hurricane from there the storm moved into the Gulf of Mexico where the warm open Waters allowed it to gain immense strength it Rose through the hurricane ranks quickly becoming a category 4 storm wind speeds topped 130 140 and then 150 mph as Ida barreled down upon Southern Louisiana the day before landfall Louisiana authorities believed Ida would be the strongest hurricane to impact the state since the mid 19th century Governor John Edwards said she would be the ultimate test for the new Levy system in New Orleans while those in Ida's direct path fled the area others stayed behind and recorded the storm in real time this footage from La forche Parish shows Ida's winds ripping apart what looks like a music school elsewhere in Lache a brave local kept the camera rolling as Ida's winds knocked over everything in sight for context traffic lights can easily weigh between 100 and 300 lb watch how Ida whips them around like paper finally in lose Louisiana a local man woke up to learned that Ida was spinning directly over his house watch how it made quick work of the property and sent a shipping container barreling across his neighbor's lawn we getting close to the eye right now we starting to lose on the roofs is an unbelievable you got this tractor trailer that's coming track the trailer right here oh a trer oh oh oh that's a 18 Winger tranger according to our cameraman he and his wife spent the morning sipping coffee on the porch as water from the Bayou began flooding their lawn they fled to a neighbor's house which was better equipped to handle the storm then hours later all hell broke loose Ida wasn't done after landing in Louisiana by September 2nd the storm had moved into the Mid-Atlantic region bringing destructive thunderstorms and tornadoes to Virginia Georgia and Maryland New York saw over 3 in of rain each hour which led to catastrophic flooding in the city's streets in the end Ida went down as one of the most destructive hurricanes in US history it caused over $75 billion in Damages claimed 12 lives and devastated regions from Cuba to Atlantic Canada September 28th of 2022 Fort Meyers Florida is underwater hurricane Ian was an intense high-end category Forest storm and the strongest to make landfall in Florida since hurricane Michael in 2018 wind speeds climbed to 155 mph only 2 mph shy of making Ian a category 5 hurricane it's unlikely those 2 mph made a real difference Ian still went down as one of the most destructive and deadly hurricanes of all time Ian was born between September 14th and 15th as a tropical wave off the west coast of Africa it moved across the Atlantic Ocean and officially became tropical storm Ian on September 23rd over the next few days Ian grew into a powerful Hurricane by the morning of September 27th Ian reached Category 3 intensity becoming the strongest September storm in the Gulf of Mexico since hurricane Irma in 2017 Ian first made landfall in pinard Del Rio province in Western Cuba life-threatening Storm surges knocked out the entire Island's power grid parts of Cuba looked like a wasteland and Ian wasn't done yet the storm had its eyes on Fort Meyers Florida where local communities were under mandatory evacuation orders those who risked everything to stay behind captured some of the wildest hurricane footage you'll ever see watch how Ian's Relentless winds batter everything in sight as the storm surge completely floods Fort Meyers that's what Ian looked like from the safety of this high-rise apartment on the ground things were much much worse [Music] according to our cameraman this video was taken on September 30th after Ian had crossed over Florida and made its second landfall in South Carolina the wind may have died down but the flooding was still intense according to the National Weather Service Ian's storm surge grew to a record high of 7.26 ft in Fort Meyers footage from another highrise in the city helps put the storm surge in perspective f Ian finally dissipated on October 1st after making landfall in South Carolina by then the damage was already done the record-breaking storm knocked out power to millions of people between Florida and the Carolinas it claimed 161 lives between the US and Cuba and caused the combined $13 billion in damage making it the costliest hurricane since 2017 and the third most expensive of all time behind Katrina and Irma those rankings could change as we're still learning more about the impact of hurricanes mil and helain on October 2nd of 2024 hurricane helain officially became the deadliest Mainland storm since hurricane Katrina it smashed into the Big Bend of Florida and wreaked havoc on many Inland regions especially North Carolina there goes my fridge oh damn oh shoot hurricane Hela began on September 17th as a small storm in the Western Caribbean Sea scientists kept their eye on it as several hurricane inducing factors came together on September 24th the hurricane Hunters flew into the storm and confirmed what everyone feared the system was officially upgraded to Tropical Storm Hela like Milton hurricane Hela grew abnormally large for a Gulf of Mexico storm it intensified almost as quickly and was a category 4 Hurricane by the evening of September 26th it reached its peak sustained wind speed of 140 mph as it landed on the Big Bend region of Florida making it the strongest hurricane ever to strike the area time-lapse footage from a home on the Crystal River shows how quickly the storm surge overwhelmed everything in sight the wind blew violently until around 10 p.m. on the 26th at which point the water began Rising it breached the grass close to midnight and Rose over this family's back porch around 1:00 a.m. by 2: a.m. water had entered the home and climbed about halfway up the wall the power flashed out and it took until 8:30 that morning for most of it to recede this was a familiar scene in Florida and one the locals had anticipated however the storm blindsided those living in places like swanana NOA North Carolina take this man who was almost washed away in a freak flash flood oh damn oh shoot oh man I'm losing it my trail is going oh oh man oh this is scary guys a man I sorry I did not mean to swear holy moly our cameraman said he woke up that morning to flooding over his knees he couldn't evacuate even if he wanted to by midday the water was between 4 and 5 ft High lucky for him his trailer held up and he escaped with his life others weren't so lucky storm related events such as flash flooding claimed over 90 lives in North Carolina alone as of this writing hurricane helain has claimed over 200 lives caused over $ 38 billion worth of damage and devastated communities across the Southern United States while the Western Hemisphere contends with ruthless hurricanes each year the Eastern hemisphere has its own deadly Cyclones to worry about typhoons and hurricanes are the same thing they're both tropical Cyclones a generic term used to describe rotating systems of clouds and thunderstorms originating over tropical or subtropical Waters when a storm moves into the North Atlantic Central North Pacific and Eastern North Pacific Oceans it's called a hurricane when the same storm forms in the Northwest Pacific the South Pacific and the Indian Ocean it's called a typhoon or tropical cyclone in other words hurricanes ravage the United States and typhoons and Cyclones impact southeast Asia on July 28th of 2023 typhoon duu also known as super typhoon EIG in the Philippines made landfall in jingang China a coastal city in fujian province with it came 112 mph winds equivalent to a category 3 hurricane in the US several clips from around the city show what it's like to be caught in the middle of one of these things got some sources suggest that docu was the strongest storm of the 2018 typhoon season and the second strongest to strike fujian since records began in the 1950s between the damage power outages and lost crops it impacted over 700,000 people now let's put some population figures into perspective Fort Meyers Florida where hurricane Ian made landfall in 2022 is home to about 96,000 people jingang China where typhoon doxer struck is home to nearly 2 million people imagine the chaos when trying to evacuate or rescue people after the fact in the end typhoon doery caused over 28 billion worth of damage between China the Philippines and Taiwan making it the costliest storm of its kind on record it'll be several more days maybe even weeks until we know how bad hurricane Milton truly was as of this writing over a dozen people have perished millions are without power and thousands of homes have been flooded or destroyed on October 5th of 2024 a tropical depression formed in the Bay of campee off the coast of Southeastern Mexico this depression rapidly grew into tropical storm Milton becoming the 13th named storm of the 2024 Atlantic hurricane season a season that had gotten off to an oddly slow start it had only been 10 days since hurricane Hela brought wide spread Devastation to the Big Bend region of Florida and the Mid-Atlantic area some people were just beginning to pick up the pieces when news of another hurricane reached their ears according to NASA Milton underwent a remarkable period of Rapid intensification in just 48 Hours the storm went from a tropical depression to a full-fledged Category 5 hurricane wind speeds increased from 35 mph to 160 m hour with some reports claiming they reached 180 mph no other hurricane in history has ever grown so quickly now while it's hard to tie the word lucky to a devastating hurricane the truth is that Milton could have been significantly worse it fell to a category 3 storm when it landed near Siesta Key Florida on October 9th of 2024 the Barrier Island took the brunt of the damage as Milton shrunk to a category one storm while moving across the state once it passed footage from affected areas around CEST key and Sarasota appeared online these drone shots come from a flooded neighborhood in Sarasota County watch as the water covers the streets and land between all these houses it almost looks like the neighborhood was built directly over a lake imagine stepping outside to find this on your doorstep While most people evacuated as Milton came ashore these Daredevils flew blew their plane into the eye of the storm and it was all in the name of science H pretty good pretty good me grab my phone real quick well damn meet the hurricane Hunters they're an outfit working with the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration or the NOAA whose job is to fly into the eye of intense hurricanes and collect as much data as possible you need nerves of Steel and a rock solid stomach to do this job their work saves lives plain and simple simple the data they collect helps predict how intense a hurricane will likely be and where it will land but the hurricane itself is not the only thing we have to worry about many areas around Florida have reported destructive tornadoes spawning from Milton's remnants in Cape Coral traffic cameras captured a powerful water spout moving over the Matlacha Bridge things went from Cal to catastrophic in a matter of minutes as the storm system passed through ironically this all happened while a local weatherman kept people updated the rotation moves from right to left across your screen visibility drops dramatically within seconds and the wind causes the camera to nearly Shake itself loose while West Coast Florida got the worst of it the East Coast wasn't out of the woods in Martin County an unusual number of tornadoes ripped several homes to shreds as seen in this footage provided by the local sheriff's department many tornado outbreaks were reported across Southern and Central Florida the strongest so far was an ef3 in Palm Beach Gardens though more damage surveys are underway if you enjoyed this video and want to see another just like it be sure to click the link on screen now with that thanks for watching and be sure to tune in next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @QCBC07 [1 likes]: 12:47 bro apologizes for swearing when he’s losing everything. Bro is a real one; thoughts and prayers 🙏🏻
  2. @johnnylingle9314 [1 likes]: So exciting
  3. @CØD3X3 [1 likes]: Fake News.
  4. @JinkyPacaña-l2t [1 likes]: 315 mph yolanda typoon
  5. @JinkyPacaña-l2t [1 likes]: Philippines yolanda typoon vs us hurricane
  6. @johnboi6916: Wow tornadoes following a hurricane talk about when it rains it pours imagine an earthquake hitting almost immediately after 😮
  7. @Ryah-bloxburgchannel: 2021 my fence broke and people was coming in my backyard
  8. @Falcondudes: I love how they put emphasis on the weight of electrical wires being 200 to 300 lbs... meanwhile just seconds before it showed buildings being litterally ripped to shreads... 

Like of course the wires will be tossed around?! Duh
  9. @LarsHansenART: 4:21 On Greenland, during an Arctic hurricane. Anything who aren't tied to the ground are going to fly around. Shipping containers are thrown around much more violently than in this video. Them getting airborne isn't unusual. 
 
Imagine the US Armed forces having a "talk" with nature about whether annexing Greenland is a good idea or not. It's going to brutal, especially during an Arctic winter: The US Armed forces are never going to win any "discussion" with nature.
  10. @Osim-n3j8q: "𝙸'𝚕𝚕 𝚑𝚞𝚏𝚏, 𝚊𝚗𝚍 𝙸'𝚕𝚕 𝚙𝚞𝚏𝚏, 𝚊𝚗𝚍 𝙸'𝚕𝚕 𝚋𝚕𝚘𝚠 𝚢𝚘𝚞𝚛 𝚑𝚘𝚞𝚜𝚎 𝚒𝚗! "

=͟͟͞͞(๑ •̀д•́๑)=͟͟͞͞𖣘🌪🏡🍃
  11. @derrickbaker759: Call me crazy but I think all this going Green is it's way of telling us that it needs Junk food also
  12. @theking0fstrings907: Jus shut up and play the footage
  13. @maggotwobbs3631: Traffic lights only weight 30-50 pounds but hey you gotta lie to make that content.
  14. @ExploreGamesAndMore: I'd prefer it without the commentary.
  15. @yodaddy82daddy70: Telephone poles don't weight 300-400 lbs. 😂 They weight 800-1200 lbs
  16. @brickblockster400: Ahora
  17. @Pinterest-EDITOR: 😮bro ida is 150miles per hour while our typhonn kristine is 215 miles per hour and ida were stronger 😮😮
  18. @dizzolve: that hurricane hunter segment was pretty shocking
  19. @LaraKim: AMERICANS stay to protect their homes and Australians leave to protect our lives. You can rebuild your home, but you cant rebuild your life if you lose it.
  20. @LaraKim: Americans are so stupid about swearing because it's just words that can't hurt anyone. You should be worried about your lives and not your words.

- Story: Hurricanes Are Moving More Slowly, Which Means More Damage: Kind: captions Language: en support for this NPR podcast and the following message come from wix.com a web platform for creating your own professional website join over 125 million people already using Wix to tell their stories online go to wi XCOM to create your website today we're almost a week into hurricane season and places like Houston Texas still have not recovered from last year's storms scientists say part of the reason last year's season was so devastating is that the hurricanes themselves are changing NPR's Rebecca Herschel reports hurricane Harvey hit the Texas coast on August 25th 2017 and then for nearly a week it made its way really surely across the southeastern part of the state the situation in Houston is getting more dire by hurricane Harvey has brought unprecedented levels of many inches of rain in some areas so freely in gallons like three feet of rain this is one of the greatest weather catastrophes in the nation's history in Houston it was a new kind of hurricane disaster a massive urban inland flood James Khasan studies Global hurricanes at the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration hurricane Harvey obviously it was a real outlier in terms of the amount of rain it dropped and the amount of rain it dropped was due almost entirely to the fact that it moves so slowly and Carson says that's getting more common for tropical cyclones around the world they seem to have slowed down just about everywhere the reason climate change as the polls get warmer the big currents of wind between the poles and the tropics slow down storms ride on that wind kind of like a boat in a stream yeah the wind itself that carries the tropical cyclones within it is slowing down and therefore the tropical cyclones are slowing down in a study published today in the journal Nature Khasan found storms all over the world have slowed down 10% in the last 70 years hurricanes moving over land in North America specifically have slowed down even more than that on average Carson says that's all really bad news if you think of it all of the things that come along with the tropical cyclone visiting your neighborhood they're all bad and you don't want them to last very long if the winds blowing really hard and it blows a few more hours and it would have the likelihood of knocking that structure down increase so you get more rainfall you get more wind damage you also get greater storm surge slower storms will have a tendency to push a larger wall of water in front of them so it's kind of a triple threat he also says these storms could be more deadly because we're not used to having storms hang out over inland cities people don't necessarily evacuate from inland locations and so they get a lot of fresh water flooding and then you also get these compound events of mudslides and that's really where we get the really large loss of life he warns a lot of places need to reassess their hurricane risks that'll probably mean new evacuation plans flood maps and emergency systems for a lot of cities Rebecca Hirscher NPR news [Music] you

- Boston doc on managing hurricane-related stress and anxiety: Kind: captions Language: en MARIA: HURRICANE IAN TRIGGERS RECORD-BREAKING STORM SURGE FOR RESIDENTS ON FLORIDA'S WEST COAST AND INCREASING ANXIETY FOR THEIR FRIENDS AND FAMILY IN NEW ENGLAND. HERE WITH SOME ADVICE IS DR. MICHELLE DIBLASI, WHO IS A PSYCHIATRIST AT TUFTS S MEDICAL CENTER. ED: HEY, DOCTOR, IT IS GREAT TO SEE YOU. HE POWER OUTAGES IN FLOA RIGHT NOW ARE EXTENSIVE, SO IT COULD TAKE A WHILE TO CONFIRM THAT OUR LOVED ONES IN FLORIDA ARE INDEED SAFE. FOR SOME OF US, THAT BLACKOUT PERIOD IS WHEN WE START TO OBSESS ABOUT ALL OF THE BAD THINGS THAT COULD HAVE HAPPENED. WHAT ARE SOME WAYS TO CALM DOWN? DR. DIBLASI: YOU KNOW, I THINK THE BIGGEST THING WE CAN DO IS REALLY GET, YOU KNOW, OUR THOUGHTS OUT INTO WORDS. GET IT OFF YOUR CHEST. WHETHER THAT IS TALKING TO FAMILY MEMBERS, FRIENDS, REALLY ABOUT ALL YOUR WORRIES, THAT CAN BE THE THING THAT IS MOST IMPACTFUL. YOU CAN ALSO WATCH MINDFULNESS VIDEOS, MEDITATION VIDEOS, JUST DISTRACTING YOURSELF, THINGS YOU ENJOY, WHETHER THAT IS EXERCISING, READING, LISTENING TO MUSIC, OR WATCHING TV. WE REALLY NEED TO GET OUR MINDS OFF SUCH A STRESSFUL SITUATION. MARIA: DOCTOR, A LOT OF PEOPLE HAVE PARENTS, OR OLDER RELATIVES, WHO LIVE IN THE FORT MYERS AREA. WHAT DO WE NEED TO KNOW ABOUT THE IMPACT THAT SEVERE WEATHER CAN HAVE ON THEIR MENTAL HEALTH? DR. DIBLASI: WE KNOW THAT SEVERE WEATHER HAS MASSIVE IMPACTS ON MENTAL HEALTH. THERE ARE INCREASED RATES OF DEPRESSION, ANXIETY, POSTTRAUMATIC STRESS DISORDER THAT CAN HAPPEN WITH THE SEVERE WEATHER. THAT IS WELL DOCUMENTED. YOU HAVE TO IMAGINE LOVED ONE AND FAMILY MEMBERS ARE UNDERGOING AN IMMENSE AMOUNT OF STRESS. THERE ARE A LOT OF UNKNOWNS THAT HAPPEN IN THESE SITUATIONS, NOT KNOWING IF YOUR HOME IS GOING TO BE DAMAGED, YOUR BELONGINGS, NOT KNOWING IF YOUR POWER IS GOING TO GO OUT, IF SO, FOR HOW LONG. A LOT OF THOSE THINGS CAN CREATE ANXIETY. PEOPLE ARE FEELING ISOLATED, SOCIALLY, AND WE KNOW THAT CAN LEAD TO DEPRESSION. THOSE ARE THE BIGGEST WORRIES. ED: FEEL CUT OFF. THIS EMERGENCY COULD LAST FOR DAYS, WEEKS, OR MAYBE MONTHS, DARE I SAY. WHAT ARE SOME QUESTIONS WE SHOULD ASK OFTEN, JUST TO MAKE SURE THAT THEY ARE STILL DOING OK? DR. DIBLASI: EXACTLY WHAT WE ASKED IS WHAT WE SHOULD BE ASKING OUR LOVED ONE. ARE YOU OK? JUST, YOU KNOW, REACHING OUT, SHOWING THEM THAT WE ARE THINKING ABOUT THEM, ASKING THEM, ARE YOU OK, YOU KNOW, WE ARE HERE FOR YOU, WHATEVER YOU MAY NEED. I THINK THEY CAN HAVE SUCH A HUGE IMPACT IN SUCH A STRESSFUL TIME FOR EVERYONE TO WE COULD BE 1500 MILES AWAY FROM OUR LOVED ONES, BUT WE DON'T HAVE TO BE THAT FAR, YOU KNOW, EMOTIONALLY. WE CAN BE THERE FOR THEM, AND THAT IS WHAT WE NEED TO DO. MARIA: IT IS REALLY AS SIMPLE AS THAT. ED: YEAH. DOCTOR, THANK YOU FOR YOUR TIME. MARIA: AND T

- Mental health importance during hurricane relief: Kind: captions Language: en BAKERIE*- AND LEADERS COULD EVEN BE CRIMINALLY EVEN BE CRIMINALLY CHARGED. NEW NEW AT NEW AT 10-- NEW AT 10-- AS NEW AT 10-- AS FLORIDA NEW AT 10-- AS FLORIDA BEARS THE THE IMPACT THE IMPACT OF THE IMPACT OF HURRICANE MILTON, MILTON, IT MILTON, IT IS MILTON, IT IS LIKELY MILTON, IT IS LIKELY FIRST RESPONDERS RESPONDERS HERE RESPONDERS HERE AT RESPONDERS HERE AT HOME RESPONDERS HERE AT HOME ARE PREPARING PREPARING TO PREPARING TO HELP PREPARING TO HELP THE PREPARING TO HELP THE HARDEST STRICKEN STRICKEN AREAS STRICKEN AREAS IF STRICKEN AREAS IF NEEDED. TONIGHT, TONIGHT, A TONIGHT, A FORMER TONIGHT, A FORMER EMT TONIGHT, A FORMER EMT IS URGING URGING FIRST URGING FIRST RESPONDERS URGING FIRST RESPONDERS TO TAKE TAKE CARE TAKE CARE OF TAKE CARE OF THEIR TAKE CARE OF THEIR MENTAL HEALTH, HEALTH, ESPECIALLY HEALTH, ESPECIALLY AFTER EXPERIENCING EXPERIENCING TRAUMATIC EXPERIENCING TRAUMATIC EVENTS, SUCH SUCH AS SUCH AS SEVERE SUCH AS SEVERE WEATHER. SUCH AS SEVERE WEATHER. EMILY GENEVER, GENEVER, SAYS GENEVER, SAYS FIRST GENEVER, SAYS FIRST RESPONDERS ARE ARE OFTEN ARE OFTEN EXPOSED ARE OFTEN EXPOSED TO ARE OFTEN EXPOSED TO TRAUMATIC EVENTS, EVENTS, WHICH EVENTS, WHICH CAN EVENTS, WHICH CAN LEAD EVENTS, WHICH CAN LEAD TO LONG- LONG- TERM LONG- TERM PSYCHOLOGICAL INJURIES INJURIES LIKE INJURIES LIKE PTSD, INJURIES LIKE PTSD, ANXIETY, AND AND DEPRESSION. AND DEPRESSION. SHE AND DEPRESSION. SHE EXPLAINS THAT THAT THE THAT THE CULTURE THAT THE CULTURE OF THAT THE CULTURE OF PUSHING THROUGH THROUGH AND THROUGH AND STAYING THROUGH AND STAYING STRONG THROUGH AND STAYING STRONG CAN PREVENT PREVENT MANY PREVENT MANY FROM PREVENT MANY FROM RECOGNIZING THEIR THEIR OWN THEIR OWN NEED THEIR OWN NEED FOR THEIR OWN NEED FOR HELP. GENEVER HEALTH HEALTH FIELD, HEALTH FIELD, ENCOURAGES HEALTH FIELD, ENCOURAGES HER PEERS PEERS TO PEERS TO SEEK PEERS TO SEEK THERAPY, ESPECIALLY ESPECIALLY WITH ESPECIALLY WITH COUNSELORS ESPECIALLY WITH COUNSELORS WHO UNDERSTAND UNDERSTAND THE UNDERSTAND THE UNIQUE CHALLENGES CHALLENGES FIRST CHALLENGES FIRST RESPONDERS FACE. SOT SOT - SOT - 00:02:06 SOT - 00:02:06 EMILY SOT - 00:02:06 EMILY GENEVER SOT - 00:02:06 EMILY GENEVER| UNIVERSITY UNIVERSITY OF UNIVERSITY OF PHOENIX: CLINICAL CLINICAL MENTAL CLINICAL MENTAL HEALTH COUNSELING COUNSELING GRADUATE COUNSELING GRADUATE PROGRAM: "I "I DIDN'T "I DIDN'T KNOW "I DIDN'T KNOW THAT "I DIDN'T KNOW THAT I "I DIDN'T KNOW THAT I WAS STRUGGLING STRUGGLING UNTIL STRUGGLING UNTIL I STRUGGLING UNTIL I HAD STRUGGLING UNTIL I HAD PEOPLE IN IN MY IN MY LIFE IN MY LIFE TELL IN MY LIFE TELL ME IN MY LIFE TELL ME SO... IN MY LIFE TELL ME SO... FIRST RESPONDERS TEND RESPONDERS TEND TO RESPONDERS TEND TO JUST RESPONDERS TEND TO JUST PUSH THROUGH AND GET THROUGH AND GET THE THROUGH AND GET THE JOB THROUGH AND GET THE JOB DONE, NOT NOT PAYING NOT PAYING ATTENTION NOT PAYING ATTENTION TO THEMSELVES." THEMSELVES." SOT THEMSELVES." SOT - THEMSELVES." SOT - 00:06:18 EMILY EMILY GENEVER EMILY GENEVER| EMILY GENEVER| UNIVERSITY EMILY GENEVER| UNIVERSITY OF PHOENIX: PHOENIX: CLINICAL PHOENIX: CLINICAL MENTAL HEALTH COUNSELING HEALTH COUNSELING GRADUATE PROGRAM: PROGRAM: "THE PROGRAM: "THE BIGGEST PROGRAM: "THE BIGGEST BARRIER FOR FOR FIRST FOR FIRST RESPONDERS FOR FIRST RESPONDERS IS FOR FIRST RESPONDERS IS STIGMA ACROSS ACROSS THE ACROSS THE BOARD ACROSS THE BOARD THAT ACROSS THE BOARD THAT THERE ACROSS THE BOARD THAT THERE IS THIS THIS BELIEF THIS BELIEF SYSTEM. THANKFULLY, THANKFULLY, THERE THANKFULLY, THERE IS THANKFULLY, THERE IS SOME CHANGE, CHANGE, BUT CHANGE, BUT WE CHANGE, BUT WE HAVE CHANGE, BUT WE HAVE A CHANGE, BUT WE HAVE A LOT CHANGE, BUT WE HAVE A LOT MORE WORK WORK TO WORK TO DO." GENEVER HOPES GENEVER HOPES THAT GENEVER HOPES THAT BY GENEVER HOPES THAT BY SHARING HER HER STORY, HER STORY, MORE HER STORY, MORE FIRST RESPONDERS WILL RESPONDERS WILL FEEL RESPONDERS WILL FEEL EMPOWERED TO TO PRIORITIZE TO PRIORITIZE THEIR TO PRIORITIZE THEIR MENTAL HEALTH AND HEALTH AND SEEK HEALTH AND SEEK THE HEALTH AND SEEK THE SUPPORT THEY THEY DESERVE. THEY DESERVE. SHE THEY DESERVE. SHE OFFERS THEY DESERVE. SHE OFFERS MORE TIPS TIPS ON TIPS ON HOW TIPS ON HOW FIRST TIPS ON HOW FIRST RESPONDERS CAN CAN TAKE CAN TAKE CARE CAN TAKE CARE OF CAN TAKE CARE OF THEMSELVES CAN TAKE CARE OF THEMSELVES ON

- Mental Health Impact Of Natural Disasters Like Hurricane Ian: Kind: captions Language: en three weeks after Hurricane Ian devastated Southwest Florida the physical toll is still being felt but the mental toll is expected to last even longer research from the World Health Organization says between one-third and half of people directly exposed to natural disasters will develop mental distress and a 2020 study from the University of Delaware found the suicide rate following hurricanes jumped 26 percent in the year following a storm many many are in desperate need to rebuild their lives back and we need to be there for them because all the these are such triggers now experts recommend following a normal daily routine as much as possible including resting exercising and eating properly and spending time with loved ones in addition to talking about getting help

- Hurricane Ian and PTSD: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Lee Health clinical psychologist Jacqueline Hildago says people may experience a wave of emotions after Hurricane Ian after someone goes through something that could be considered catastrophic or traumatic the person may experience shock initially sometimes denial it kind of this feeling that it this is not happening for those with mental health disorders or those who have experienced previous trauma those symptoms can develop into PTSD if left untreated being hyper aroused for example like kind of like any you know anything can happen at the any moment being triggered like if it starts raining really bad again or flooding or the winds so all of those things can develop into PTSD PTSD is a mental health condition that involves either experiencing or witnessing a life-threatening event during this time it's important to check in with yourself asking for support for someone that will care and will listen if you do a support group just make sure it's a trained professional going back to your routines can help a lot um you know even because a lot of our routines have been very disrupted and you know going back to a sense of normalcy if you feel like your functioning has been impacted you should seek help for example if you're not sleeping well if you're having trouble in your relationships with others a good first step is by talking with your doctor about what you're going through Lee Health offers Mental Health Resources on leehealth.org for Lee health I'm Devin Turk

  Top Comments:
  1. @randrozguidroz6485 [3 likes]: Take it from a Hurricane Katrina Survivor family. Move away don't even think about rebuilding just go ahead and move away and save yourself a lot of Heartache

- What to Know Before the Next Hurricane Hits | 10 Tampa Bay Feature: Kind: captions Language: en Last year's hurricane season was one of the worst many of us ever experienced. And with this year's season underway, now is the time to prepare. Josh Miller, president of Rainbow Restoration, a neighborly company, joins us now to talk about tips to prepare our homes, our families, and businesses. So, welcome to the show. >> Thank you for having me. >> First, I want to talk a little bit more about rainbow restoration and what you all do. Yeah. Uh, Rainbow Restoration, uh, we're a property damage restoration company, Janelle. So, a lot of people don't ever think about the type of work we do until unfortunately they need it. So, uh, everything from fire, uh, damage, mold damage if we have in our homes, but especially at this time of year, uh, we think about water damage and storm damage. Uh, so, Rainbow Restoration, uh, in the Tampa area helps families and businesses get back on their feet quickly and safely uh, so that we can start enjoying our homes and businesses and get back to our normal life. Yeah. And where exactly are you? You're in the You're in Tampa. >> Yep. We are in the greater Tampa area. I think that our office is located actually uh just a little bit outside of Tampa, but we cover the entire area. >> Great. Okay. And and um what steps can people take to prepare their homes and businesses ahead of a storm? >> Yep. So, we uh when we think about that uh before the storm, a lot of us, if they're anything like me, we tend to procrastinate a little bit on things we want to get done, but we can secure loose items that are outside. Number one, move everything inside as quickly and safely as we can when we start to see or get those notices of a storm coming. It's a hurricane. It's a thunderstorm or something that crops up a little bit quicker. It might be a little bit harder. But then make sure that on a dayto-day or week- toeek basis, we're clearing all of our gutters and that the downspouts are draining away from the foundation of the home. If we have one, if we have a crawl space or anything like that, check to make sure if there's a sump pump that it uh that's working well. if we're going to need a generator. Is the generator working well? And then the last thing that we can do uh just for our home at any time of year is make sure that we know where all of our important documents are. We go around and take either photos or videos of everything on inside and outside of the home so that if we do have to file an insurance claim uh that we have a record of uh what we had and what we own. So, it's easier uh in the claim settlement process. >> Well, let's talk about maybe some mistakes that people might make when they're preparing their home. What do you see most often and how can we avoid them? >> Yeah. Uh the biggest thing as I mentioned uh just a second ago is uh we all of us I think for the majority of us tend to wait until the last minute. We think we have more time than we do. And so that was the biggest mistake uh when we think about this is just start now so that we're prepared. Uh another thing or another mistake people make is overlooking small repairs on our home or small repairs around. So, we want to check to make sure that uh if there's any roof leaks, we address those when we find them. Uh if there's any window leaks or there's any types of imperfections around the door, any way that we could have the outside weather get into the inside of the home, we want to take care of that. So, addressing these things early uh is going to help us to make sure that we minimize damage to our home or business. The other thing is is to uh we want to think about having supplies on hand earlier. So, we might uh have a go bag if we have to evacuate due to a hurricane. Do we have three days of uh water and or food or medicine? Think about our pets. But, uh really the biggest mistake people make is just waiting too long and not thinking thoroughly about what they what it is they're going to do if they unfortunately have to uh face a storm. >> Yeah. I'm sure in your business you have seen it all. So, what advice do you have for families out there to create an effective emergency plan? >> Yeah. Um, that's another great question, Shell. That's the thing is just to create a plan and then walk through it as a family and then make sure the other one in the family or that's living in the home understands what the plan is. Uh, how we're going to evacuate or if we're going to stay in our home, uh, what does that look like, who's doing what, where are the supplies at. The other part I would say is part of that plan is to make sure that we check in or that we have people outside of the area that we tell them, hey, we're going to check in with you at this time or this is how you can get a hold of us or this is where we're going to evacuate to if we do that because if communication systems don't uh go down in the area uh due to a storm or hurricane might be harder to get a hold of us in the area. So, make sure we communicate that plan to our friends or loved ones outside of the area of where we're going to be so that they don't worry about us as much. >> Okay. Can we talk about what role your company plays uh when it comes to helping our community prepare for a storm? >> Yeah. Uh Rainbow provides both educational services uh talking with individuals like you and things like this as well as rapid recovery services. So uh the first thing from an educational perspective, we are happy to work especially with businesses to create a disaster emergency response plan like a um ERP of if something happens to your business. Uh what are the documents that you need to get your business back up and running? Where how are we going to get power turned back on to your business? Um what are your employees going to do? How do we keep them safe? And the same thing even with homeowners. not quite as big of a an emergency response planning on the homeowner side as one family involved, but we provide those educational resources uh free of charge even before things happen, we'd love to come out and talk with people in the Tampa area, but then even after that uh the rapid response recovery services. So after storms hit, uh our teams are ready 247 to come out and start to mitigate the damage and help you return to your home or business safely uh and promptly so that you can get back to life. >> All right, Josh. Well, thank you so much for talking with us. Great tips. >> Thank you very much for having me. Have a great day. >> You too. To connect with them and learn more, just go to rainbowrestores.com. The site is listed right there on your screen.

- HURRICANE MILTON and how Heather Hackett’s revolutionary app. Local Relief, can help.: Kind: captions Language: en so when you hear the expression God I wonder what these streets would say if they could talk Sasa Street talk is making the streets talk and you're recording what they're saying so we that to me that is what Saras Street talk all about Sarasota Street Talk is to introduce people to the surroundings we're literally right now we're downtown Sarasota and we hear people all around us telling different stories those are the streets talking [Music] [Applause] hey Scotty how you doing whoops I got turn on oh herey some sound want to have something coming out of those speakers hey you want to come uh close to me like you like me or something oh that's great come on because we're doing it we have a camera now yeah so you know the fact that we're live act act like you like each other act like you like me all right so the fact that we're live and you know there's always something that happens but you know we just roll with it so we normally have two cameras but right now we're going to go ahead and just do the one and we're going to flip back to our guest and who wants to see us anyway mostly on them please it really doesn't matter okay because they want to hear the information so anyways you are my name is Mark Clea I am a realtor at C Banker here downtown uh my partner in crime to my left your right is uh Scott meoff mortgage broker at Summit Lending Solutions and well as a realator at White Sands realy yep and together we are Sarasota Street talk yes so that was that was a little below average maybe average it gets better as the time goes on I think you know it's so we want to thank you know obviously Gator Club every time and a Parker's books here who allow us to to graciously be out here and do this every Saturday from 10:00 a.m. to 1 p.m. and and most you know most shows are you know we have guests that come on uh a lot of this is about the whole tagline is if you know the streets of Sarasota could talk what would they say and everybody here are the streets of Sarasota so we really do welcome people to come up and just tell us about you know where you're from what you're doing here uh I mean like what you doing how much do you love it what are you doing now no like how much you loves s how you love or you know how long you lived here stuff like that we met amazing people just by sitting down you'd never know uh but then we also have guests that come on here too so that would be a good segue here to our first guest here oh and the nature I just want to mention kind of the nature of the show so we we we do a lot of like entertainment and you know what's live music around town and things like that and what's going on and some of the guests will be singers and artists and corre you know business owners today's a little different in light of uh recent uh occurrences and obviously I'm speaking about the storms and things that have gone through and then things that are still kind of burgeoning out there in the Gulf right now uh I thought it applicable that we have a show that has experts here to tell us kind of where to go for resources what to do uh just gives out some information because I think people are starving right now for they're so shocked by what's happened you know like in Siesta and longbo and Leo and all that that people can need some good direction right now so I thought it'd be great to have some people that are experts in their fields to to help share that so I'm talking too much so wow shocker I know wow who would have thought about that that's the add kicking in no all right so we're going to introduce herself yep and we're flip around and our guest and if You' please introduce yourself and we will just check like we're all Pals because we are sounds good to me um thank you and good morning um so thank you Mark thank you Scott uh my name is Heather hackit and I have a nonprofit called local relief U but more than that I have lived in Sarasota 20 years it is definitely home uh and that's really where the idea for local relief um came about which I can tell you guys later but I just want to say again thank you so much and good morning dou good morning thank you for being on the show here so and I can tell you so it background story about how I I met Heather uh so Teresa my wife is an emergency management with the state of Florida and she came to me a few months ago and I not sure how she met you but she's like oh my God I met this woman and she does this thing and she's so about helping like she's Teresa right and she's like she's got this app and it's doing all the things that like we don't it's not it's like the one of a kind like people it's not out there like you can put directly people to you know and you does it all it does every yeah and we so need this and you got to talk to her and she's basically your biggest fan she really is she really is and she's out right now getting some ice for coal plunge yes um um but that's the background story about how you know you came up too and now it just becomes applicable with what's happening now so thank you for being on so tell us absolutely and thank you tell us what what you're it's an app and what it does so so local relief uh it really came up were you guys here in 2017 with Irma oh yeah I've been here about 92 Years Years about 9 years2 I got here 1980 okay I've been here for a while so uh I realized during Irma just how unorganized disasters were from a communication standpoint and from a local um you know to where I was trying to find information and I couldn't find it and I was frustrated uh and I did um sporting event management way back then so I did like the Sarasota tennis tournament the Sarasota music half and you know in managing those I kind of looked at the storm and thought all right if I'm going to manage this sucker what would I do so I literally just started brainstorming of how I would manage it again I'm looking at the local standpoint I'm not looking at top down I'm looking at local bottom out going how do I find a generator how do I find information that's relevant to me and that's what's so needed right right so I think people talk about and that's why we also we have with Liz Albert our mayor coming on after you that's fantastic to to get the the this the city standpoint of like what's what are you doing now and what's going to happen to prevent it in the future but from a local level like from a bare Grassroots level that's where you guys are at right and really you're seeing it from the resident point of view like I am the victim 100% yeah so I look at it from a local standpoint where where can I go where is my One-Stop shop for all of this information because to try to pick it from all of these places to try to find this group on social media to try to find this site on the government site to try to whatever to try to find all of these resources is a nightmare and from someone that's pretty good at at finding resources and for me and not be able to find them I'm going if I can't nobody else can either you know so it really was just my whole goal is to be that one big platform where I can funnel everyone in and distribute them wherever they need to go so if they want to find a nonprofit that's local with boots on the ground cool we got you if you want to find government information of hey what's going on in my town you know what's the trash pick up dates what's all that stuff okay we got at the government sites and then again from a local standpoint if I want to go to Sarasota either city or county and say Hey where's tarps where's gas is the bridge closed is what's going on like what's the information hyper local to me and at the same time if I am on the ground and I'm finding this information and saying hey don't go here don't go there you know this is flooded this tree just fell down I can post on there and share the information as well so it's really a place where neighbors can truly help neighbors and you know and and put all that information together so that's the goal so the app there's links on the on the app correct okay yeah no that's absolutely amazing because right now um so I run a group called I love downtown Sarasota uh it's a group not a page please join and um it's so many people you get people that are like contacting saying hey I would like to help and then you've got other references I guess I'm trying to get to is there's so many things coming at so many different ways like we want to help here's how to help this is where we go where do you go and like so you're trying to match somebody with something else whereas it seems like it's a One-Stop Place correct if you know about this and then everything is right at your fingertips is what you need like who can I go to help who needs the help hey I need the help everything right there correct yep that's the goal and that's the app I'm loading the app right now okay good it's on so local relief.com so we went to the site and we know you can get the app there both in uh Android and iOS versions yep and so what more is there to add to it I mean I'm is there always a phase one phase two phase three or are you continually adding to it or oh constantly it's never going to be done yeah it's never going to be done and even now you know because I live in Florida and you know I've I've saturated Florida I love Florida you know we've really focused on that first you know thinking okay let's let's get ready for storm season and you know and we we were available for Debbie and learned a lot in Debbie and then at the same time we're going okay let's get ready for Helen you know let's make sure we have all these you know resources here in uh Florida did not expect the extent of the damage in Georgia North Carolina you know uh Tennessee right so uh I've actually been on the phone more with those States um and locals there you know than anything because it's people that are saying hey we need a platform you know we need something that we can either send our residents send our community send people to know it's like that One-Stop shop Hub cuz it's a nightmare to try to find information especially now there's so many mainstream social media platforms so it's like okay cool find a Sarasota group all right are you talking about on Instagram on Facebook and where is that where and is it true oh my gosh it's so difficult you think that everything out there is you know the truth So for anybody walking by right now we're speaking with Heather Hackett uh she is the founder of local relief uh Inc which puts out a local relief app there's an all-inclusive app that brings all people together all resources together and we're doing this primarily because of the situation that's happened here with with Helen and everybody in need right now so again thank you so much for coming on here we're not done like shout out so people know who we're talking to right now well the other part too is I want to make sure to give valuable information so so yeah absolutely I was hoping we weren't done so also too um somebody wants to help you let's say how can they help you like is there do you have people that come on in some not necessarily with the app but as far as with me I we have the developer um and then I have uh one more like you know contracted um person that I use is and he's like the one man's band my husband who's here he also I put him to work I told him we got stuff to do today he is Sports Medicine owner/ teie um so so literally I mean I I put my dog to work if I could but but anybody that that wants to help me the difference is if if people want to volunteer and help with boots on the ground I can tell them where to go I'm not boots on the ground am I in the sky so I did a post last night if someone wants to volunteer and if they want to help from the comfort of their home or their couch you can help me so I need people to resour or to research research resources that was a tough one and um and find information that's legit and I tell people when you find a resource call it vet it make sure it's legit you know and then either send it to me or post it on the app or whatever so I'm looking for more information that way like I want to know who needs volunteers who has food distributions where are the shelters you know what you can't know all that you rely on other people to give that information hard it's not you can't you cannot know it those that have the resources to go ahead that you could tell people who need it correct and then the people who need it then come to you and go oh look at this one stop for all the resources where I can get water where I can get exactly uh vacuums and shop vacs and you know all the food stuff like that okay yeah that's the whole that's where like the hyperlocal information you know really comes in and is really handy and when this is as big as your like next door platform or whatever platform and people know about it that's not going to be an issue you're going to have more you know a ton of information again hyper local but for right now I need to really like fish that out and find it and then post it and share it okay so how how do you get the word out to people all right Tesa just pulled up so I'm going to jump out for a second get the ice out of there how do you um how do you um how do you get the word out about the app like I didn't know about the app every possibly think Word of Mouth the big thing is Word of Mouth um social media social Facebook like people everybody should just put it on that no of this app should just put on their own Facebook hey you need to have this app 100% And it's going to be the communities it's going to be locals helping locals that really gets this word out um that's who it benefits that's who it's for um so it really is going to be like a bottom out approach as opposed to like top down you know now also we're looking for business partners so if if if businesses want to you know help us please we are definitely looking for that again we're 100% nonprofit so they donate to us we showcase them in the app so we do have that capability as well but our our whole goal is to really get hi to see good to see you um so our whole goal is to really get that word out you know and make sure people you know just at least know about it download it have it on your phone and then you know hence if a disaster comes you know you're ready and you already have it so if a business donates financially correct um that helps you improve what you're doing the app and whatnot do you then do you also distribute some of that I imagine absolutely at some of those organizations that you have on your app yeah at this point the biggest um donors to the app you're actually looking at between me and my husband um we're at a point where we can't really do that anymore you know tapped so um at this point yes anybody that donates funds obviously it costs money to do what you're doing 100% and you're not making money with it so you need you need the donations correct correct so donations help there and yes anything oh local relief.com go to local.com very easy your website right yep everything is there and even if you want a partner go there everything is there but the big thing too is to to answer your question yes we also donate to to people that are in need but we donate to nonprofits so I'm not going to give you know if if Bob walks by and he needs money for a roof I'm not going to give it to him but if he's working with a nonprofit I will I can donate to the nonprofit to vet him and assist like I don't do the actual vetting um but I will help if there's organizations with boots on the ground those are ideally who we give funds to it could be a kids softball league it could be a whatever but we give two vetted organizations rather than an yeah yeah um let's see what else we had here uh I don't know if Mar had a few other questions um are you and maybe this is is you know I'm sure you you're knowledgeable of this sure what what are you seeing what are you preparing what are you telling people now based on three days ahead sure because you know I'm following Mike's weather page and I'm following Dennis Phillips or whatever and I'm I'm kind of newer I've only been here a couple years and so I got here right before Ian so I've seen Ian I've seen idelia I've seen Debbie and I've seen Helen and whoever the next one is I'm going to see as well yeah so what are you what are you telling people today what to do for honestly today is me telling people like I got off the phone with a woman um right before I got here you know today is where I'm still helping people with um oh my gosh hel I was going to say Francine no that's not right Helen so I still having people with Helen here and the big thing I'm telling people um there's really three things as far as past goes you know I tell people um you know first things first you know contact Most states have 211 211 is like your information hub for um for disasters and really I mean anything you need from that like Social Services standpoint so they're the ones that are going to know distribution sites who has you know who has services on the ground so contact them call 211 everybody out there and then also um if anybody needs help with their home uh crisis cleanup so crisis cleanup is uh is an organization that really is like the database for all of the homes that need assistance so if they put their home in crisis cleanup then the organizations that do the mucking and gutting and do the all of those you know services for cleanup they use crisis cleanup as a database so they go through them so the more people in crisis cleanup the better because that means the more organizations are going to come here to help and then um the second one if you're uh in need of FEMA assistant I tell everybody about um it used to be called St Bernard project uh but now it's SBP usa.org they actually have a free service where they help people with their FEMA application so I love that because um it at least the last thing you want to do after you've lost your home and everything you have is fill out an application that's going to tell you how much all that stuff is worth you you just can't do it mentally you can't do it emotionally you can't do it so to have that organization to again SBP like St Bernard project usa.org they actually help with that part and I think that's great cuz they're a nonprofit and all of these are free services right so my whole goal again is to kind of funnel those services in that are really going to help people put them together and then you know let them recover as best they can all right so I know uh my wife here Teresa has a question um and we already told a story about how we met and how Teresa came to me and told me about you but I I was going to ask but you best being in being in the industry like you would know best how to ask him so yes I'm Teresa with the Florida Division Emergency Management we love Heather and her nonprofit organization uh question for you um I know we're currently still dealing with recovery with hurricane Helen now this new storm's coming in there's a lot of flood warnings and advisories what could citizens do what what could you do how can they reach out if they need help when they're already dealing with recovery efforts from the flood if they have more of that yeah that can you help with cleanup I mean what services can you offer the citizens yeah yeah so so that one and that's a great question as far as cleanup goes I mean I I put a lot of people to crisis cleanup and again also locally here um there's uh do you know Matt Tuggle uh he's with one Mission he's fantastic I just gra gave his information out this morning um he's just a great human you know so I tell people about him as well but really everyone's totally different you know they reach out to me for whatever situation the biggest thing people can do you know I am a funnel for information you know I don't provide it so you're not going to hear any weather updates from me you're not going to hear any of that stuff from me I'm going to tell you where to look you know just like you said before Mike's we page they can yeah they can absolutely and even there that's where you download the app post it in the app you know it's like you post the question in the app it's like throwing the Batman light up in the sky I'm going to see it yeah you know and I'm going to respond to it that's the easy way I think to do it most people right now they're sending me questions like through my contact form on the website that's fine too I'll get it and I call you know the biggest thing too with me is I actually call you know I care so I don't care if you know and again my calls this week have 90% of them have been Georgia North Carolina Tennessee you know but um no matter what I'm not there but again the point with the app is I can still help right because I can still find those resources post them on the app a hard thing for Citizens they don't know where to go 100% so that's so many out there so many resources out there so if they call you and they reach out to you to say okay this is my issue what can you help me with you can give them that information yep okay yeah and it seems like the resources are scattered like so it's like if I need this you have to go here if I need this I have to go here whereas with yours if you go to your one app here's my situation yeah put me in the directions is that possible it's it's really cool how it works and I'll give you one story and I'll really sum it up cuz it was like a long story this week but a woman reached out to me from Emanuel County in Georgia see it's this city called medville they have a campground she needed to find a generator she has 100 people that need this generator so she can get the water pump working okay great so she reaches out to me she's trying to find resources Michelle I've talked to her every day and um so so she reaches out to me she tries to find information ironically just how things work a woman reached out to me the next day from Emanuel County that is like the 211 of their County right so she has all these resources and I'm like oh this is just wicked cool so I then I get to call Michelle back I'm like man I got a resource for you you know and I can actually put her with the woman in the organization that has all of those resources so that's my goal my goal is and my husband we went to uh to this conference and they said explain you know explain yourself in one word and the word he described me with was connector like that's what I like to do I've always done that even when I was you know I had my own business I didn't have two pennies to put together but I put a Christmas collection of $110,000 Plus in gifts because it was who I knew you know I just said hey I found people in need and found people that could fill those needs and did it even back then I was doing local relief it just wasn't called local relief but it works where you find people that have needs and you have you find people that have the abil solutions ability you merge them together exactly and local relief does that on a really big scale you know so that's that's really the whole point absolutely so again for people that are walking by we're speaking with Heather Hackett who is the the founder of uh local relief Inc and she has a phenomenal app that actually puts people together directly like so rather than having to go ahead and you know ask different questions and Trust on social media and you know for where to go and actually going to local relief.com you can download the app and any questions you have any needs you have as it like generators or where do I go for food or relief maybe on rent or I would imagine just pretty much anything having to do with yeah I can tell you exactly who's going to help is my point so if you were to say rent 211 that's United We that can help with that there go it's that type of stuff yeah and it's just information again you don't know you need until you need it and and everybody who's listening that now knows about this like I just learned get the word out I think is important that people because we had another storm coming I just looked that's getting worse um and yeah I think as as many people as we can get to use that app you know the more to exactly the more people you have the more information you have perfect yeah so we're going to do our best to go and continue to promote uh are you you part of the we I love downtown Sarasota it's a group not a page if you're not already member please join yes are you part of that already oh yeah I was before when I met Teresa okay awesome as soon as I soon as yeah definitely I will post you'll post I'll own I just think it's essential that people get this app like you have that's a great yes I like that because it's like it's after something happens and it's almost oh my God what do I do what do I do well if you would have downloaded this app yes you would have known what to do and if you didn't know what to do somebody's right there to help you find figure it out so it's kind of almost irresponsible not to get this out I'm going to you on all this stuff you're going to be all over my website go ahead absolutely you can and you're going to have audio taped all this so you can just take Snippets if you like but I think it's yeah if if you are moving forward if you know it's almost like um uh like what the Good Samaritan act you like if you see somebody that's in trouble it's a it's your responsibility to help them and it's you're breaking the law if you don't I think if you know this app is available and now we go into a time when there's a storm and you get hit and like oh my God we got hit again it's kind of your own fault like I you know I don't mean to be insensitive but you knew about this resource so it's important to get it out there yeah 100% and it really is I can't stress enough it's done for the right reasons like it it's 100% nonprofit I don't own it right I don't want any I don't my biggest thing was I don't want to sell it I don't want anyone else to either nobody's information is for sale nobody can get access to the back end I mean even the logo it's that handshake because that's how you pick someone up to say I've thought about this is an understanding it seems like you have put a couple thought cells through this yeah all right so I'm going to Comm at you into totally different my ADD is going to come at you at totally different angles so uh and Raphael this this includes you rapael this includes you he's talking my husband Bachelor Bachelor auction yeah so last year we had a bachelor auction and uh it was at mcc's comedy club it was a deal like it was a well publicized well attended and the whole thing and it goes to different charities the whole gist of this is a charity kind of handles a bachelor a bachelor has to represent a charity okay and then they go through around town and we go to dalls and get a $100 gift certificate you go to some placees you build up a package worth of different things that somebody can do worth let's say 2,000 bucks that's easy to do in this town and then uh and mcer go up and then people bid on The Bachelor but what they're really doing is bidding on this package I love it and all the money goes to the non for-profit yeah 100% cool so man gets $5,000 because look at him I mean just look at him so I totally get it that it would go to directly to your charity you're going to be the charity would would you be open to that okay with that of course so but the thing is you have to be kind of the Handler you're the Handler in other words you have to well I don't know I did it last year I was The Bachelor and the non for-profit was my non for-profit that I'm a member of okay and but the G who runs my non for-profit Kristen was my Handler and I think she didn't have to do a ton you just got to be a little bit involved and you got to be there the day of the event yeah okay to collect the money basically and it's a big thing make sure that person oh it's a it's oh it's a and people attend like then are you my bachelor he he would be the bachel oh I take it and Raphael is a good friend of ours he's really really nice guy and pretty known in Sarasota downtown so people he's got he's got he's been around the block a couple times uhoh but if you're interested in doing that so if you're interested you could be we'll get you offline information about that myself abely and a uh lady who runs the the bizarre apricot and lime Kim living good we we actually were the NC of the event so we actually get up on stage and just do our thing and just get all nutty Kim's great and oh she's awesome she's great and so like he'll step out he'll like sache I'll talk about the prizes that people will bid on he'll walk around maybe do a couple La dances on somebody it's clothing optional oh boy but then at the end but then people bid they bid and bring it up and we try to Jack the bid up and get the most money we can and it goes to you awesome I love that thank you so much for including me that beol all right all right well thank you so much again Heather hackit uh has the app local relief on local relief.com uh so you have to download it moving forward like knowing what's happening it's essential it's it's irr not it's irresponsible not to have the app know local relief App Store I just uh uploaded it and you can also get it or downloaded it I guess and local relief.com is the website you can get it off there as well yes awesome than so much great organization thank you thank you thank you andang I got to get my dog off my lamp here that was awesome well we went okay so now we're going to flip it back to us because I don't know why people want to see us allak the camera now go all right come back at us all get close like you like me all right all right so that's awesome so now this is exactly what I wanted this show to be like because now and next we're going to have Liz Albert come on and have a different perspective you know on on things moving forward well what what what's going on with what happened you know a week ago what's going forward and and I hate to be the beer of bad news but I do follow a couple people on Facebook yeah Mike's weather page and Dennis Phillips PHS it went from uh you know 20% chance 30% chance now it's 70 and 90 as it gets closer it's getting kind of worse so now may everybody should get get going on this like Wednesday Thursday yes Wednesday Thursday so we have plenty of time right three four days to prepare get the app irresponsible you got time you got four days get irr responsible if you don't have the app thank you absolutely no Abol that fantastic all right so we're going to go and we're going to take a break we're going to get a juice or something and then we six some ice in the coal plunge you know cuz we're building up to the Cal plunge time okay and uh we'll be back in two and two okay all right remember the three words oh no hey we forgot to go ahead and uh you want to do that I'll do that right now we're going to flip this back around put it back on we always ask a question oh boy he calls it we call it the hot seat it's the hot seat it's not hot the seat's not hot now it's legit now it's not in the industry so it's okay okay yeah you do it go ahead you okay you want me to Okay so two favorite restaurants downtown in the order of favorite Leela green zebra wow that was quick that didn't take long at all very decisive that's our those those are two goto y all right oh that was easy that's it that's it our show all right so we're back over here thank you so much we're going to go take two and two and everybody make make good choices everybody right we'll make good choices especially you especially you you make good choices and that is a statue right there yes so tip it tip tip the statue St statues need to eat too statues me earn a living all right see you thank you again thank you thank a lot of fun

- Hurricane Irma: Text this number to find a hurricane shelter near you: Kind: captions Language: en this is also an important number that you want to save in your phone you can find the hurricane shelter closest to you by texting the word shelter and your zip code to the number for FEMA that's four three three six two also before you head to a shelter always check with your local Emergency Management Agency to make sure that it's not full and remember texting FEMA is not a substitute for calling 9-1-1

  Top Comments:
  1. @johnrohlfs9607: 🍰🍰🍰🍯🇺🇸thanks from John Robert Bruffett Junior of United States of America

- Petronila storm victims find help at Resource Information Center pop up: Kind: captions Language: en I'm your neighborhood new Balderrama in Petronilla. to home reconstruction an there's assistance for th storms. It's been a stres and Petronilla families a the pieces, but this time it alone. Now groups and stepping in to help, offe Neighbor Michel Cavasos i the assistance. And so I' we have. A lot of organiz the TDM and the Women's H public health are all com service and some help and Dominguez is focused on r got us damaged and the wi of water, I guess the pre the water went in. Damage build a local nonprofit c we're most. To push is ou product where right now t to help people. If the ro repair, we can step in an put a new roof on your ho reconstruction doesn't ha they say, it takes a vill they are grateful for the help doesn't stop here. E we've kind of felt that w bit. I guess we've been w going to rebuild. If you the Resource Information the Nis County Office of I have that number right Reporting in Petronilla. news reporter Victoria Va

- How Much Term Insurance Do I Need?: Kind: captions Language: en foreign Josiah is with us in New Hampshire hey Josiah what's up hey Ken and uh Dave how are you both better than we deserve sir how can we help glad to hear it I'm 25 years old married and um debt free and baby step four and applying for term life insurance so I'm going through Xander and got approved for 500 000 but I'm wondering whether I should go with a 20 or a 30-year term my thought being if we're debt free now in 20 years I'll be 45 will I have a net worth high enough to not require that insurance or should I go to 30 and stay insured until 55 at which place I can be more confident that would be that we'd be there how's your health health is good um you smoke no uh nope non-smoker are you obese nope okay uh I would buy a 20-year okay now let me tell you how I did that okay here's what actually happened with me knock on wood I've been healthy as a horse my whole life okay hardly seen the inside of a hospital as I was visiting someone else so um what happened was I bought my first term life insurance when I was your age and uh I bought a 15-year level but then what happened was we added kids we added income and I wanted to upgrade the insurance and so I had a choice then of buying yet a new policy and getting rid of the old one or just buying additional so like about 500 000 in your case okay later on about I might buy another 500 000 but that might be three years from now or five years from now and as you've noticed it's not very expensive mm-hmm it doesn't cost much money and so what's going to end up happening is you're unless you lose your health along the way your ability to get insurance you're going to end up adding policies or buying whole new policies and starting the clock over gotcha so you don't need a 30 you're going to end up buying a series of policies or replacing the earlier policies as you want more and more and more depending on which way the math works the best and um then you're going to be in a position to uh begin dropping them later or when you look up in your 45 and you go we're 100 self-insured you just cut the cord on the whole thing and let them let them float away um and so but what ended up happening in our case was I've added policies uh every five years or so from 25 all the way up to 60 not 60 about 50 something and I kept some policies even though I didn't need them recently just swi Sharon wants them and it really didn't have anything to do I mean it wasn't like she's not she that like that policy is going to make the difference what she eats or not that's kind of silly but even those policies are starting to expire now and we're definitely not going to buy them even if she wants them I'm done with this so um we have convinced her that she's okay I think I've got a acronym for that one what if Sharon wants it is swi you just came up with a new One D DC Dave doesn't care DDC you're not doing it you're done well I mean it's it's you know she's okay and she knows she's okay now that's gotten rid of the that name but what ends up happening is you're not buying one policy that's going to serve you throughout your entire life you end up adding incrementally as you go along and so five years from now if you buy another 20-year policy or another 15-year policy you just started that clock over on that portion the other one when it expires you're probably not going to renew it you know 20 years from now that's where I am at you're describing our journey as we begin to have kids three kids you added as you went along yes added as I went along obviously we were able to upgrade in-house over time and so sitting with our smart investor Pro we determine what that right amount was and I it was like three or four years ago I just did it and so that'll probably be the last one obviously I mean we shouldn't need it at all so that you described exactly the journey that that I'm in and I'm I'm 23 years older than him now but the way our brains work and I did the same thing Josiah when I was your age I'm thinking well if I want to just get a 30 and I'm done it's over but it really it's it's more life that comes at you in layers rather than linearly like that well explain to Young Folks so if they're getting ready to start a family what you recommend when you go from a couple with no kids to one kid or two how you the whole time I'm just saying you know 10 to 12 times your income because when you're 25 if he's getting 500 000 then maybe he makes 50 Grand okay if something happens to him you know if she's got 500 000 bucks if she's got one if she got a baby she's still got 500 000 bucks invest that at 10 in a good mutual fund if it's making ten percent it would pay off pay out fifty thousand bucks we've replaced his income without even touching the principal and so that's the idea of 10 to 12 times your income on on you and guys you got to go to Xander insurance and get a quote if you haven't done this because the deal is people are blown away how cheap term life insurance is and it's gotten cheaper over the years oh yeah right I mean I bought some one time at 45 and I came back in my 50s to buy more and even though I was seven or eight years older it was cheaper yeah because the rates had come down because they're using better and better and better Actuarial tables that are more modern and reflect reflect the uh the health Improvement they were using tables from the 1940s oh yeah and then they started using tables from the 1960s and now they're using tables because life expectancy has changed yeah and I mean it's already cheap but if you have the preferred health designation I don't know if that's what they call it you can make a lot of money I like to recommend this to dudes I dropped weight like a wrestler three years ago when I did it super discipline Dave yep and I got the preferred rate and saved got more oh here's another I'm still safe if you smoke oh yeah it's double Oh yeah double yeah double oh that's why I asked if he smoked or he was obedient yeah that's right because it's double all you gotta do is just quit smoking and it cuts your insurance in half oh and it saves you on all the cigarettes oh and it saves you on all the health problems yeah and yeah and no Quarter Pounders within three days of taking your blood test there's some world-class advice Dave right here on the Range that sounds like that came from experience

  Top Comments:
  1. @allyeric6112 [31 likes]: The “life comes in layers” part landed for me more than the exact 20 vs 30 debate. That’s kind of how term coverage started making sense in my head too. I ended up looking at Ethos Life Insurance when I was comparing a term life insurance option, mainly because I wanted something straightforward and not a giant paperwork spiral.
  2. @timothythompson4036 [11 likes]: Guys be careful here. Term life gets really expensive as you get older. Term is a huge profit center for the insurance companies. Only 1% of term policies pay a death benefit. Most people cancel their  term life in their 50s because it is so expensive. In your 50s and 60s you still need life insurance protection. It is better to get permanent coverage like whole life when you are young and healthy.
  3. @allabouthegreen8586 [7 likes]: 27 with a 30yr term 1m policy! I disagree with Dave on this. Costs me 42$ a month
  4. @honestiul [1 likes]: All daves co hosts just kiss his butt throughout the entire show... its so cringe
  5. @larissacastelluber721 [1 likes]: This is SUPER helpful, I showed my financial planner this video too and he agreed with the majority. I did my term life insurance in Hackensack NJ with villalona capital. Circumstances needed to be into the term versus whole life insurance.
  6. @michael_e46M [1 likes]: Does Dave recommended getting life insurance while being in debt ???!
  7. @Xellos357 [1 likes]: Him: laughs
Dave: hangs up
  8. @goldenstoolchild6495 [1 likes]: I love how down to earth he is.
  9. @elwikichenko: Terrible advice for a 25 year old.  Especially when we don’t know what his needs and health will be later. Get as much as you can it will be cheaper than half of that in 20 years.  Also take into account 30% inflation every 10 years. Your purchasing power is less less and less.
  10. @ericl6386: I would get the 30 year . Getting hit by a car and dying or getting cancer pretty young is just bad luck and has not really anything to do how healthy you live.
  11. @bobbygrice140: Still dont get it.
  12. @kaydinemclean6742: Toronto, Ontario Life agent 🙌🏾  let’s connect to find out your insurance need!!!
  13. @gilberto6998: How do they know if you smoke? What if you just say I don't smoke?
  14. @imjohawk: Good stuff
  15. @lisanewhouse2101: Hi I’m 64half healthy nonsmoking female This is my first life insurance What would you recommend I’m on disability  Also what happens after 80?Thank you
  16. @HealthyIndianPodcast: Nah whole life is way better! Plus you get alot of benefits. Dave Ramsey doesn’t even have a financial designation. Look it up on Google. He doesnt have any credentials. He’s straight up a personal finance expert which most of can do
  17. @Popularwatch_25: What is good guardian, Mass mutual? for term life insurance?
  18. @psalm19declaration: Odd question here. If a pension has no COLA, and offers a 50% spouse survival benefit. Costing 500 a month, would it be smarter to decline and buy a term policy? The inflationary effect on the pension with no COLA makes the $2500 pension worth 1250 buying power in 15 yrs. In which case the survival benefit would have a value of 625 at 15 yrs. seems as if term insurance makes sense and just taking the larger amount of pension.
  19. @duncanbauer1618: Am I the only one that had gone decades paying Auto Insurance never having to get value for my money. If only the Original Premium had stayed the same. 
Life Insurance id Not simply to pay Final. Expenses but to leave a small Fortune behind for a Loved One. That said (none refundable car insurance over past 40 years, Term Insurance for average Life Span plus ir Minus is the way to handle Your Bussiness.
  20. @juvymagoncia8340: Sir dave your company her in davao city

- Best Insurance Selling Trick | How to Sell Insurance | RK Shetty | HINDI | BITV: Kind: captions Language: en People's time, when we go and talk to them, we are talking to them like this, brother, what have you done today, do your financial planning today, hello me, you do you are money management today, let me take care of your rest of your life, I will give you a practical example because whenever we go and talk to people, the answer is that we have to meet everyone, everyone is going to give you this excuse, there is nothing new in this, the problem is this, they make them feel this every time, thank you, always say today, give it the best, start your financial planning, start your savings today, give it the best today, you have started today, so what do people say, if you ask them in 20 years, they say that I don't have any money, it will go in 30 years, so that means their thinking about retirement is so much, I want this as well as that, I don't have money, after reaching 40, I have bought a car, I have bought an apartment, I have done some other things, all that loan has gone to me, then I will have 50 years What are you doing now, what is left now, how much is left and how many more years will I have, this story is never going to end, I am putting it in newspaper cuttings, so many times people feel that you are telling me, I am telling you this, this is an unfact, in this senior citizens have been asked, hey, if you talk about every complete analysis, everyone says that we did not get any financial advisor, no one told us about saving and if someone told us, then at that time our priority was different, we would have fulfilled that priority, we never paid attention to it, so every senior citizen is saying this today, at 65, they say yes, I should have saved many years, this is the conclusion of this date, every senior citizen says that yes, we should have done this thing earlier, you did not listen to the time of doing it, today you are saying that we should have done it but cannot do it today, so you are stuck, this whole story my dear friends, whoever you are sitting in front of, from 20 years to 60 years He is taking you till now, he has to go through the process of this journey so that whatever his age is, he will start thinking from within himself where I am today and what is this title you have now and how much more time is left out with me and what is this date I have to do today and how much more I can do today, every time you say sir 5 lakh for free, they say I will give you 1 lakh, you are saying I will give you 5 lakh for 25 lakh rupees, do you create a situation where you can exactly understand and I will come into that too, only those insurance products, only those I say all the money, no overseas, out of pocket insurance is on basic, you should start with insurance, if you have ₹100, then with that ₹100 you can do it, your first savings insurance should not be an insurance, subscribe to TV YouTube channel, press the bell icon [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @shivamjoshi5695 [18 likes]: Aap sahi kah rahe ho me ek banker hoon hdfc me har mahine 5lakh ki policy krta hoon.  Jo smajdar honge wo sunge varna hum bi.unne muah nahi lagate hain jo khud ki.nahi soch pate hain😅
  2. @wisdom-r9n [8 likes]: Click link in description to learn about BITV Speaker forum Community
https://www.bitv.co.in/speaker-forum-community/
  3. @SureshKumar-j2c4d [6 likes]: पूरा वीडियो देख लिया लेकिन सिर्फ खोखली भाषणबाजी के सिवाय कुछ नहीं। लेकिन कुछ लोग तो प्रशंसा करने के लिए ही विडियो देखते हैं, प्रशंसा करके उन्हें खुद को जीनियस होने का एहसास होता है। इस तरह की घिसीपिटी बातें तो कोई भी बक सकता है जो बोल सकता हो और गूंगा न हो। ये लोग अपने आप को ऐसे समझते हैं जैसे हर समस्या का समाधान सिर्फ इनके पास ही हो।
  4. @advantage38 [2 likes]: Sar ji advantage ka kya hua
  5. @jimmysqmy [2 likes]: Good😀🇮🇳😅😆😆🏠🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🥱
  6. @umashanker1653 [2 likes]: Lucc के फंड एडवांजार आर ऐ सेठी जी सागागुरुप मे फसे लोगे के पैसा आप की जिम्मेदारी पर एजेंटो ने लगाया आज पैसा लेकर सागा गुरुप भाग्य
  7. @divyankjaju2330 [2 likes]: Hello i am hiring for insurance advisor/agent ... intrested candidate can contact..
  8. @avinashmistari7777 [1 likes]: Sir ji apne bahut acha samjhaya par apne English language ko jyada use kiya hai... Bakwas language lagti hai... Apko samjhana hai to har kisi ko samjh aye aise bhasha me samjhaye... 3rd class level ki language na istemal kare...
  9. @itsmesweety1997: New LIC adviser
  10. @itsmesweety1997: Good 👍 information
  11. @shaliniupadhyay5152: Fraud lier jutha kahi ka....
  12. @jaymishra9379: Kuch to Hindi Bolo Sir
  13. @bhushansable1618: Abe aap jara hindi me baat karke samjaoo na customer ko kaise samjega baat baat per english jin logon ko english nahi aati he  o comfortable he hindi marathi me o log kaise samjenge , itna to samaj me aana chahiye na aap logo ko , har insaan ko thodi na english aati he .
  14. @welcomebittu: कहा छुपे हो
  15. @welcomebittu: चोर चोर
  16. @VedPrakash-ne6ir: Thankyou sir ji God bless all Everyone
  17. @Titfortat3143: Agent
  18. @VijayKumar-dw5xp: Dr r k shetty frod hai,ye human society ka paisa lekar bhar gaya hai,iska boykot karo sabhi
  19. @VijayKumar-dw5xp: Paisa hamara aapka nahi thag shetty ke baap ka
  20. @VijayKumar-dw5xp: Dr. R.k shetty murdabad

- How to Protest an Auto Insurance Cancellation, or Non-Renewal Notice: Kind: captions Language: en welcome to the offices of the Maryland insurance administration if you receive a notice of premium increase or a non renewal notice pertaining to your auto policy in Maryland you have the right to file a protest and have an investigator look into your situation the Maryland insurance administration requires insurance providers to send their policyholders a formal notice of a premium increase resulting from a ticket accident or claim after learning about a premium increase due to an ethical accident a consumer submitted his right of protest contesting the premium increase the Maryland insurance administration investigator contacted the insurance carrier who agreed the notice of premium increase did not contain all of the information required by law as a result the premium increase was withdrawn in the original premium amount was reinstated the Maryland insurance administration is the state agency that regulates the insurance industry in the state of Maryland if you ever have any questions or concerns about your insurer feel free to contact us you can find us on Facebook Twitter and LinkedIn or visit our website at [Music] you

- CAR INSURANCE MISTAKES. REAL OWNERS EXPERIENCE !!: Kind: captions Language: en Yes sir welcome to my car helpline how are you all see in today's session I am going to tell you a few things about car insurance so that you become aware about this thing first of all a brother was purchasing his Hyundai Creta insurance from Upkar and checked it online and he found the difference between the dealer's quotation and the online quotation and he got a difference of 27000 rupees and your boss insurance company's case went well at the end of the first question the claim came the bed sheet was damaged due to which your company passed on the clean and settled your insurance next year brother was happy that brother it's okay this Vishwas company he renewed his policy for the same insurance money and from the second year onwards the claim that you made because of the same accident damage claim was indirect almost to peace but sir at that time the insurance company ran away the pillar which did not allow the claim to be settled and the problem that he was facing, I am telling you about that the worry that was on brother's forehead which my I spoke to him and was actually concerned about where the mistake could have been made by that brother because he had purchased the insurance online and it was cheaper earlier too. Sir, when the experience was also good, then the mistake was that the insurance company that Bhai Saheb chose was to choose the one with the lowest premium, instead of choosing the best insurance company on the basis of I should go with a prominent insurance company which is of A grade, I should go with the insurance company which is a partner of the dealer, even if I go online, they did not pay attention to that thing, they gave the most importance to who will offer me the lowest insurance premium on tax, there they got trapped in laziness, sir, know this, insurance is a risk based product, if you do not do research on the risk coverage, you just spot the insurance policy based on the online court which will give you the cheapest premium, then you are making a mistake there. You have to understand that there are more than 100 general insurance companies in India but there are only a handful of them which have a complete process set, have a network as per the claims, have a complete office set up for survey. There is a team and they are prominent, not only because brother, our name is, they have set up the entire system, they have an identity in the industry, so if you leave those prominent companies and go to an unknown company, then sir, there is a possibility that you may face problems in such cases, date this number one, now you will ask me brother, who will face problems, so this is for you, brother, only I am telling you one thing that if you go to a prominent company, you can go with ICICI Lombard, you can go with HDFC Bank, you can go with Bajaj Alliance, you can go with Tata Royal Sundaram, there are some such companies whose names are in the market, which have a network, which have an identity, which are there in this insurance sector for many years, you must have heard about them too, so if you go to such a company, then they probably have a seamless claim settlement process, so that is the first thing, do not hesitate in it, secondly, sir, know about insurance, now this is also important to tell you, I will tell you personally, I have told you About the different insurance covers which are offered by the insurance company in terms of add-on covers, it is Zero Dep policy, Engine protect is covered, Consumable is covered, Retain invoice is covered, Roadside assets are covered, Tyres are also insured but if you go for all these add-on covers then your premium for one SUV car will be around 12 to 15000 rupees. Now let me tell you my personal story. I am driving a car for more than 25 years. I am 43 years old. I have been driving a car since the age of 18. I have never taken any other kind of add-on cover on a personal basis. And I want to tell you that it has been 25 years since I have claimed one or two barshil. By God Grace, I am driving cars well and I am not saying that if there is no claim till now then it will not come in the future but there is a confidence and these additional covers eat up a huge amount. Now let me tell you The thing is that don't propose after seeing me, Bhaiya, if Gagan has n't taken this cover, then I won't take it either, sir you need to identify risk capital ride, now there is also a cover for tyres, that is also covered, the premium is paid, so the second thing is that I am telling you that you must know this thing, the third thing is sir, when you want to buy insurance, whether you have taken new insurance or it has been done as per renewal, once there is a body shop manager of the dealer workshop, no one is shy in taking feedback from them because that is the person who is actually with the insurance company, on the other hand you are depressed, you should ask the insurance company you want to take from us, but what is the feedback of the house's claim settlement process, is this company good or not, otherwise you tell one or two companies, whichever company's name they will give you, whoever they will give feedback about your company, you should purchase it online, there is no harm in that because when the claim is settled on time, no one asks how to source it, it should be sent to the dealer's workshop on time It is important that I will not get money from this company, it will not come on time, so what is more important is what are the covers and whether your policy has been given, you know when it is going to check and if it is an online policy, is it through the dealer, from where is it from or is it through some third agent, then that is the third thing, fourth thing sir, you have to check your insurance policy clearly because I am also telling you such an incident in which a brother told his insurance dealer that I am getting a cheap discount in it, he said sir I will match the price with the cheap discount, but when brother's claim came after 6-8 months, brother saw that there is a voluntary deduction in the dealer's policy, that the customer will settle the claim, the claim above that will be settled by the insurance company and after doing that his policy was finalized, that customer raised an alarm but the boy who used to do insurance at that dealer, who was the sales manager, was not available, he said sir whatever you have said, the policy will be on that basis, I will tell you about a real life case I am telling you everything, you can do it on the screen, if I have it, you can check if it is available in it, this is also such a case, so whatever insurance you have left, you must check its policy covers, within the first 15 days you can endorse that policy, you can modify it, number five is last but not de-listed boss, last but not de-listed insurance, if you want to renew it, I also tell you that you can also negotiate through their online courses, there is a right team of the insurance company, they can identify your previous policy, you can keep giving me a quotation, brother, now I am getting it cheaper than this in the market, if you offer a discount on this, give it a mix sense, I am telling you from my experience, okay, if you talk to the call center, there are chances that you can get a lower premium by stating that this premium is proving to be a bit expensive for me, you should know that the insurance company offers discounts on the on-damage component, and personally also, whenever I paid my tax If you have got it insured directly from the insurance company, then negotiate discounts with them as well, so that is the fifth thing that you need to know and here if you follow these things then you should definitely do a good research on insurance and get a better policy rather than buying a chip policy in which you face any problem, if you follow these things then you should definitely purchase the insurance as per the new and renewal, then you will be offered a good experience, if you want to check the premium of today's important session then you can visit the mike and helpline car creator section, there you will get the premium of car ratios of every model, in the rest of the shows you will be able to find detailed articles on the block section, come there and check and tell us how is your experience about it in the comment box, definitely like this video Pinky yes share subscribe to my car helpline for the best of updates, thank you

  Top Comments:
  1. @goswamivaibhav111 [1 likes]: Great boss. Thanks a lot for help.
  2. @BoomIndia-vlogs12 [1 likes]: Tata aig kaisa
  3. @trustcryptopremiums3122 [1 likes]: HDFC ergo car insurance company scam ha guys. Don't buy it
  4. @mohammedfowkinrazaa321 [1 likes]: My first claim was pass in ICICI Lombard ₹28000 in scooty
  5. @aakash_singare: Should i go with IFFCO Tokio
  6. @shivrajsinghshekhawat7741: I have seen Two times ICICI Lombard failed both times they goes Forensic literally what a shame on this Big Company and both time deny Claims 
Caution ⚠️ ⚠️ ICICI Lombard⚠️ ⚠️ ⚠️
  7. @rantuChetia-w8t: My policy reduce 16000 to 10000
  8. @rantuChetia-w8t: 10 thousand kaunsa sosta he...all you fube vdo cant be trust
  9. @rajeshraj4696: Sir shriram insurance company kaisi hai for car insurance renewal
  10. @arindamsingh4245: Bhai Modification k upar ek video bana k kon konsi modifications me insurances claim ka issue aa sakta hai
  11. @avinashgaikwad4624: Thanks for sharing very valuable information ❤
  12. @pillaCare: Fecko india bol dete
  13. @shakilahmad9502: skoda kushaq signature MT ka kitne ka insurance premium  padta hain.. thinking to buy ?
  14. @alligatorcorp: Next to next year samne thoka...iski matlab habit of driving is at fault I think
Maybe isliye pareshan kia tha
  15. @BhumeshPatel: Tumhara clam kuch na kuch reason se cancel ❌ kar dete he. koi bhi refund nahi dete he.
  16. @zzaidalinoor2982: Is return to invoice important or not , should i avoid it ?
  17. @yashneog5383: Kotak Zurich is good or not?
  18. @kamalsharma-t6e: Chola ms ka insurance kabhi mt lena bht preshan karte h Or claim bhi reject karte h
  19. @Journey_With_Tejas: Sir ICCI lombard vs Chola MS general insurance
  20. @Rahulsingh-lo7lj: What about shreeram?

- 5 Red Flags in Your Job, leave on time peacefully.: Kind: captions Language: en there can be numerous situations where you have to leave a job but today I'll share it from the perspective of the timing leaving it before it's too late for you because timing is everything if you are not smart enough to gauge these red flags on time then for sure if you land yourself in trouble so to save you from Landing into these troubling situations I'm here sharing five red flags with you which are usually kind of not very evident I mean not right in your face so that you can tell this is going worse or you should leave now and in your career at any point of time if you feel this is happening with you these five situations are happening with you then my dear friend it's time for you to leave and look out for something else so on that note let's get started Point number one and most of people ignore this one is leave before it gets messy now here out this one very carefully because not many people share this out loud on such a platform but it really happens more than often more than you and me think about it so sometimes you'll see that the person you're reporting to your manager uh that person and you have some kind of natural friction I mean it's not related to work it's not related to uh the professional environment it's not even related to culture or behavior there's something that goes off in this person's Behavior whenever they see you around it it just turns them off now if this is the situation it is the most important red flag that you need to see because in such a situation you cannot do anything no matter what you do you improve your performance uh you try to speak to this person or no matter what you do this situation is not going to get any better and if you stay there in a hope that but someday you will do something magical and this person will fall in love with your work or you that's not going to happen my friend it is not a Indian TV serial uh where you do something magical and their behavior changes 180 degree that's not going to happen so think about your future find out something in time leave at a point where you can shake hands with this person and can leave peacefully if you do not do this situation will get worse the person will not even let you exit peacefully he or she will try their best to make it worse for you to leave the company as well so leave when the exit doors are wide open for you and nobody is there to create trouble for your exit and point number two which is also not a very evident one and it is called the sweet trap identifying the sweet trap and making an exit out of it and what is the sweet trap a sweet trap is when uh your manager or your company appreciates your performance your work you are very good you are given very good comments every time very good remark very good ratings but when it comes to the monetary part of it you never good you never get good hike either your manager says oh this year the company has not done a good Revenue that's why you're not getting good hike or something on those lines every year see the battery when you think can definitely happen can be a case but once in a while and you will not be the only person who is affected by it it will be affecting the whole company all the employees out there if you are seeing this pattern that only you are affected by those uh bad revenues then my friend it's a sweet trap and it happens a lot with people who are good people who work in silos people who do not trouble anyone people who do not make noise about what's happening in their career it specially happens with those people who are too good to be true so identify those sweet traps and do not get fooled by good ratings and good remarks because come on we all are working for money eventually nobody is doing charity by working in companies and Grilling themselves so hard so nobody's doing a charity everybody is working for money and everybody must get what they deserve so if your manager is tricking you by playing this sweet trap thing opt out and save yourself Point number three when there's no growth at all and you get too comfortable with your work or in other words there's very little work for the money that you get it can happen when people are on bench there is not enough work when you start feeling that oh it's too comfortable I hardly have any work usually have a joyful day at work I hardly have to do anything but I still get paid my big fat salary guys if you have realized this yourself that you are getting so much salary but there isn't enough work to justify that salary your company is going to realize that sooner or later and then they'll kick you out and it will come you as a surprise or shock I should say so do not get comfortable if you feel the work you are getting is lesser and you're not occupied most of the time then reach out to your manager or management in general asking for more responsibilities if you feel there can be some responsibilities that you can take ask for that it will give a very good impression to them you might get a good performance appraisal as well and you will make a very good rapper but if you see that the company itself doesn't have much work then plan your exit on time otherwise you'll be kicked out out of nowhere and then it will come as a shock for you and then you'll not be able to balance your financial liabilities moving to our next point which is when your work is downgraded so it's not an intentional demotion that a company does for the employees but sometimes what happens is uh say for example you were doing a development pure development work four new projects every time and all of a sudden you see maybe for whatever reason now that development has been slowly moved like 40 percent of your job and rest 60 percent has uh now changed to some maintenance work or handling ticketing system see there's nothing wrong with either of the job but I'm just trying to make you understand that if the pattern is going downwards there's something wrong with it not that the company is intentionally doing it but you have to understand that if you keep working like this your market value will degrade because ultimately you are a developer you were working on a development profile and if tomorrow if you try to switch obviously you will not have uh the experience which a developer at your level should have because half more than half the time you you were doing maintenance stuff support stuff handling the ticketing and all of that stuff so make sure that once in a while it's okay maybe if it is happening for just two three months it's okay but if you see this happening for the longer term plan your exit well if you have the possibility to speak to your manager regarding this and you see that the manager will understand and will give you back all the responsibilities which you were doing before then it's good enough speak to him or her if you can do that if not plan your exit Well Point number five if you are not getting paid for the new technology that you have learned this one is really tricky guys Whenever there is a new technology in the market you'll see initially for that particular skill this is a very high demand in the market and people are paid like crazy for that particular skill now if you are working in a company and you learned that skill and your you have shared your certificate and maybe you have done it through company itself company paid some amount for you to get certified in that but the company is not giving you uh the appraise that you're worth with it when you start working on that technology if the company is not doing that if company is not recognizing that that please plan your exit on time because because let's be honest guys most of the technical people scale like this only if they have taken that pain uh to learn a new technology it's not easy to change it's not easy to come out of your comfort zone and learn a new technology upgrade yourself totally on something new it's not a cakewalk and if you have done that then please make sure that you get value out of it on time if you do not value it on time then the market as well will not value because as I said by that time they will already be competition because a lot of people might have learned that technology already so now let's quickly summarize all the Five Points that we discussed in this video so far number one leave before it gets messy with your manager if there is a natural friction number two identify the sweet trap where you are not getting monetarily raised but are getting good ratings and remarks who wants that number three when the work is way too less and you feel you are getting too comfortable in the job and your kind kind of getting the salary for free number four that your work is somehow being downgraded number five that your company is not recognizing your new learnings and your new upgradations so that is it guys I really hope you found some value out of today's conversation and it can help you somewhere in your career and with that I'm signing off you keep on watching more content on the corporate Diaries to be corporate ready and I'll see you in my next video till then stay safe and healthy take care bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @theCorporateDiaries [29 likes]: 🙋‍♂️  Send me your queries here:  https://topmate.io/thecorporatediaries
🎥  My YT Channel for HR Career:  https://www.youtube.com/@thehrdestination
💼  HR Course:  https://tinyurl.com/TCD-HR-Course
  2. @NotoriousDeadlyToeTickler: I'm living comfortably for months which was fine, no work but paid well, i use that time to learn something, but recently they put me into some other role which totally irrelevant for my original role and i the pressure on that is immense, i realised my mental peace is more important than the money here, resignied without a back up plan, I'm not too happy about it, neither sad 
Idk lol
  3. @FaysalSpirit: Today i walked out of my job at Albertsons, not because i'm lazy, not because i can't work hard but because the stress, the chaos, and the pressure were destroying my peace and my health. i realized no job is worth feeling like you're having a heart attack every day. so i grabbed my backpack, walked out, and chose my freedom over being treated like a machine. i don't know exactly what comes next, but i know one thing for sure; my life and my sanity are worth more than any paycheck. sometimes the bravest thing you can do is simply walk away.
  4. @AamiAyman: I m 26 year old with an IT job and my family depends on my salary.... But I m so done with my job that I hate my self every single day i work,feels unworthy... I don't have any back up plan... What should I do? Am I selfish if I quit
  5. @vaillureashmitha5044: Awesome
  6. @aarshamohandas2499: What's your job
  7. @christinechika3773: I'm facing same situation, snakes of colleague. When I see a mistake they make, I correct it but they report even when I'm there to be corrected. I better have my resignation letter ready.
  8. @prashantshinde3618: Incompetent low skilled manager always has threat from competitive
  9. @MrVarunAnandd: @theCorporateDiaries Please tell about Risk Management and how IT companies give Risk Incidents in secret and then torture the employee.
  10. @napertandy3579: Getting a fat salary & no work??? GREAT. Milk it.
  11. @HassenMohammed-g9d: Every job have toxic people so don't expect to find better place fight for your food 😉 supply don't be the sheep be the wolf
  12. @rebekahalex393: Keep making such videos.
  13. @HocherlauchterMagus: 5 points earned.
  14. @ruu-v3f: Every company in India is toxic . N if you are working in medical field  they will torture you more
  15. @shrujanmali8986: I am facing this issues at my current job but it's to late now don't have any offer do i resign immediately without offer.
  16. @Gedi-tn4tf: Thanks for this video. I left a toxic job last week.
  17. @TheGrindHotline: Great list. The biggest red flag I’d add is moving goalposts.
When expectations keep changing, it’s not performance management — it’s control.
Best move is exactly what you said: leave early, leave clean, protect your reputation.
Curious: what’s the #1 red flag you’ve seen most often?
  18. @heakjosh8805: 2026 very relevant.. in personal life too. Thanks
  19. @amitbhagwat7853: its not about leaving on time. other company should hire us also on time
  20. @navyareddyveeram: My seat is next to my manager and when I use chatgpt or any ai he is always telling me to not use chatgpt for frontend and he is always watching like whatever I do .so that it is very stressing me .can you please tell me how to get out from this moment?

- Florida Insurance: The Rivalry Between Insurance Companies and Roofing Contractors: Kind: captions Language: en today we're continuing to try to understand what is happening in the florida market so many laws have been passing back and forth government is trying to crack down insurance companies pushing back news companies gone all over the news with the crazy stories how insurance companies are going out of business it is a mess i have amazing news clip very dramatic it's journalist work at it best but i want to react to it with you and i want you to comment what do you think is truly happening and do you agree with this narrative the name of the story is it's almost certainly a trap roofing contractors use new tactics to control insurance claims very dramatic video very dramatic title i thought it only happened to other people but here you are oh no they started with lady crying that's the first scene dramatic music she's crying she's a victim it happens to everyone i mean i didn't see it coming i didn't expect it this homeowner felt trapped by a contract she signed it feels like frontline pbs like putin's war just just like that very high and she suspected storm damage her neighbors had their roof replaced she thought the damage on her home qualified her for an insurance claim this is not a typical reporter this is not news this is not factual this is dramatic interpretation of the events this is different narrative actually never seen this type of narrative on insurance claims yet very dramatic and rightfully so the problem is real like they we do have a right to be dramatic about these things without even looking at the roof he told her he could take care of everything he could fix the damage he could get her a new roof just sign this document and he'll do the rest he does not have to per contract show me anything what she didn't know is that contractor took over her insurance policy he said trust me this is just for the public adjuster to be able to look at your insurance it's not a decision she would have ever made if she knew what was in that contract well first of all i want to interrupt right here she would never sign if she knew was in the contract she signed a contract contract is the contract it's your job to find out what's in the contract i understand that many people do not read define print i've been a victim of that i signed something then i trusted my manufacturer but it gave them opportunity to sue me the problem is real oftentimes when you trust someone you go in business with you know you sign it but you signed it the contract is a contract it's only fair you have to look at the mirror and you have to say like i suck read it please before you sign it and if you sign something and you need to get out talk to your lawyer like a special something like this big do you feel betrayed by this roofing contract absolutely and then when you turn to the insurance company they say look we can't talk to you you signed this document you signed this agreement now you have no control the roofing contractor is in control and a few years ago florida lawmakers passed a law restricting assignment of benefits contracts because that they were being abused aob contracts were abused all the time so this reform was passed homeowners were supposed to be protected i agree with it 100 i agree with this narrative definitely in floyd and i personally know many contractors who would take the jobs that should be paid you know 500 square they would be doubling or tripling so is it abuse yes is it greed yes but it's a two-way street and it's double-edged sword why it was taking place because in the first place insurance companies were denying those claims and if they would pay how much they should pay to start with abuse would not happen so when you start with the wrong activity in the first place and another wrong activity on the back end creates because of it i'm not justifying it but it was a response to insurance degrees so contractors agreed comes after insurance greed if you sign an aob or a direction to pay you're done the contractor then has full control and because of all of this that's why insurance premiums are soaring because they're paying too much for roofing contracts once these contractors take over the claim if you think you have a damaged roof find the contractor on your own get at least two or three estimates and then talk to your insurance company before you sign anything good luck with that the problem with this approach if you are getting two three estimates and then you talk into insurance companies it might work but it might not insurance companies still can deny you insurance company can easily fight typical nice guy roofer and that's also a problem and i want to recognize it i know so many good roofers out there who have no idea how to talk to insurance companies that are in denial state if insurance company says we're not going to cover it you need a lawyer you need a public adjuster you need to be shark to swim with the sharks or you're gonna be eaten and unfortunately that's what's happening so what this journalist is saying you know talk to nice guys and hope that those nice guys will last well numbers don't lie most nice guys don't last long in insurance game because they don't know how to argue they don't know how to fight how to push back they don't have often funds to play long-term game with insurance companies you know retail contractors you're going to be getting prices from have to get 50 down 50 up in completion or they're going to go belly up themselves insurance companies might play this game for eight nine months contractors don't have financial capability to help you in that case unfortunately if you don't get a fair deal from the insurance companies there are ways to challenge that but you keep control of your insurance claim don't give it away because once you've signed that document from that day on you're fighting to get a new roof and to get what you paid for he's not completely wrong i think there's definitely some truth to it i would say find a contractor who understands insurance claim if you are looking for the contractor in florida i can make few recommendations i work with both public adjusters and restoration contractors i have nice guys and i have tough guys if you have cash in your pocket you can hire a nice guy but if you want nice guy to deal with insurance claims sometimes he doesn't have capacity nothing to do with personality nothing to do with the business model he just doesn't have capacity knowledge and he doesn't know how to play it's a different game and he doesn't know how to play it it's like soccer player asking soccer player to play basketball it's not going to happen he can probably play he's probably athletic enough but he doesn't know the rules and you know the tricks of the trade if you need help i would love to help you i build the platform called directory.com we recommend contractors and we back them up with our own money so if you find a contractor via directory.com we guarantee that transaction if they take your money and run away i will personally reimburse you in case of dispute if illegal activity happens i will be like this journalist traveling to you getting your side of the story investigating what took place and maybe airing the story or dealing with the contractors or letting my lawyers dealing with them i back up my recommendations i believe that i don't give better recommendations we know how to vet a contractor because i've been a contractor myself and director is the platform built by contractors for contractors and homeowners don't get screwed if you need help reach out it's a very sad situation in florida it's hard to get insurance it's hard to find a contractor and i think there's a better way we need to start working on real solutions we're trying to stay away from sobbing stories it is sad but it's also news it's dramatic let's clear our hats move forward and see what we can do to improve situation in florida i love this business homeowners need roofs above their heads let's not bureaucracy and system and corruption change that we can fight for the better solution for the better opportunities for all parties we can all co-exist make money and take care of each other that's what humans do see you guys in the next video [Music] you

  Top Comments:
  1. @theclaimsquadpublicadjusters [6 likes]: Dmitry is 100% correct don't try to deal with insurance companies yourselves on roof claims.  Insurance in Florida is now denying 90%+ claims if NOT caused by a Hurricane.  This past year we have seen an all-time high in Roof Claims being denied.  As far as roofing contractors going house to house, it's rare but happens.  There are less than 10 companies that do this type of predatory approach.  One such company is CMR Roofing in Ft. Myers.  (take a look at yelp reviews).   If anybody is interested watch my video "Homeowners Insurance crisis in Florida" where that video basically piggyback's Dmitry's video.  The roofing insurance claim crisis IS NOT any worse than it was 50 years ago.  Here's the issue:   Insurance companies are trying to get lawmakers in Florida to pass new laws so in order for them to do so they have to "create" a chaotic environment.  Yes, you heard that right, this is a manufactured crisis by insurance companies in order to get new restrictive laws passed in Florida that HELPS INSURANCE COMPANIES AND HURTS HOMEOWNERS.  Final comment, there is less that .01 % Fraudulent Homeowners Claims in Florida.  In 2020, there were 80,000 lawsuits, with ZERO Fraudulent lawsuits filed.   Don't fall for the BS you hear from the media or from insurance companies.
  2. @simplyhandy2769 [4 likes]: Fraud is happening.  I know people who have lifted shingles and gutted roofs and let water in the kitchen part to get new roof, kitchen cabinets and more! Sad.  I'm looked at as a sellout for telling them they are con artist.
  3. @rofrxy [4 likes]: I blame the roofers. You can make anything look like wind damage because asphalt shingles are a shit roofing product. They go bust during the first storm. The roofers just take advantage by going door to door for insurance business and hire lawyers to sue on behalf of the homeowners. In my opinion the solution is to require metal roofs in the building code for all windstorm areas. Basically all of Florida.
  4. @pamreed4956 [3 likes]: Furthermore people are going into the roofing companies with very little experience I know a person myself that has been in the roofing company less than two years in claims to be this big professional and that’s so wrong can you imagine if a surgeon didn’t go to medical school and just learned a little bit and decided to do surgery on somebody I mean it’s crazy there’s just so much emphasis on selling the roofs it needs to be more focus on not your sales rep getting a commission but the customer getting the roof they needMaybe pay your sales reps reps a salary you’re really doesn’t need to be here in Maryland there are many companies that do all the work themselves and people call them and they go do a roof they don’t put out sales people and have all this BS happening
  5. @danielarguelles5241 [3 likes]: Problem with residential roofing / insurance industry in Florida is the continued use of vulnerable prescriptive asphalt underlayments coupled with the use of asphalt shingles that are grandfathered in the code and are not required to perform like tile and metal roofs. As long as you allow unsustainable asphalt saturated "toilet paper" to continue to have 75-80% of the national market share, we will all continue to see hikes in insurance premiums as a response to more extreme weather patterns due to Climate Change.
  6. @mikehamm648 [2 likes]: Todd Ulrich does not tell the whole story. Since the A.O.B. Law was passed, why are carriers not going after the bad actors still using them?
This is not good reporting no matter which side of the argument you are on.
  7. @pamreed4956 [2 likes]: I think it’s true I think that roofing companies have so aggressive that they want to sell your roof at all costs it needs to stop too much encouragement and people getting their own roofing companies there’s enough of them they need to focus on roofs and if people want to do something they can go into siding or doing the whole deal but there’s too much emphasis on you know selling a roof at all costs and it needs to stop because it’s under ended up hurting homeowners and causing insurance fraud etc.
  8. @lynnh8189 [2 likes]: The next insurance carrier going under is Fed Nat due to attorneys and PA's abuse.
  9. @livesey62 [1 likes]: If you sign a contract without reading it especially from a contractor you aren’t familiar with, you’re a moron and should move to an apartment where someone else makes the adult decisions 🥸🥳
  10. @mandywells1750 [1 likes]: She may have very have signed an invalid instrument
  11. @manuelmoraleda9684 [1 likes]: Somebody told me and I believe him that you shouldn't allow any contractor to inspect your roof.  I added - Just like planted evidence.  W both laughed.
  12. @ruralrenderer [1 likes]: My wife inherited a house in Florida after her dad passed.  Her dad had a family member from another state put on a metal roof about 5-6 years ago.  Now the insurance company doesn't want to insure the house unless she hires a structural engineer to inspect it.  Does this sound right?
  13. @Jiwuwawanco [1 likes]: I disagree regarding your comments on AOB’s being wrong. They can level the playing field in many ways. Storm chasing is a separate issue in my mind anyway.

Both the Insurance business and attorney widely use AOB’s now and have for a long, long time. Get in a wreck in your car, AOB’s are used to pay the body shop. Health insurance uses AOB’s to pay the myriad of professionals that bill you say if you were seriously injured. These are all just contractors in the health field. Attorneys use these when representing clients. Insurance pays them, they disperse the remaining funds. 

Insurance claims went up because AOB’s being used by contractors changes the dynamic. Now rather than having to dupe ignorant homeowners the IC gets to play ball with a knowledgeable professional. That professional knows how to squeeze the lemon to get the best roof possible back on the property at the end of the day.
  14. @roblewis7354 [1 likes]: It has nothing to do with shingles like the guy below me stated. As a Florida roofing contractor it’s all about scumbag roofers who can’t stay in business naturally so they have to go door to door knocking on peoples doors promising them a new roof from “storm damage”.  Then they fold over shingle and call it wind damage and put a claim against the insurance. That’s why now their making everyone with a roof 15 years or older get a new roof. It bad business practices and allowing them to happen. We see this all them time. Especially with out of state companies trying to move in on our market.
  15. @mikemckenna3821 [1 likes]: We are a retail company in California. 1.5 years in business. Started from absolutely nothing $0 in the bank. We require no down-payment. We will do 3.6m this year. 80/20% retail/insurance. Me the owner one sales guy and an office lady. 16 labor employees. Huge amounts of working capitol. We only get paid once the job is completed! I do not take money out of my business unless absolutely necessary.
  16. @Castlebay4335 [1 likes]: F**k the insurance company. They're not a billion dollar industry because they help people when they make a claim. Even though you pay every month for years. And it goes up every year.
  17. @EscoPicoTrane [1 likes]: So I got 3 estimate between 12.7k -15.2k.  I personally looked up how much materials was going to cost and it came out to $4900 roughly so you're telling me 8-11k in labor for a 2 day max job.  I've seen videos where the workers only get $200 per day.  Even with 5-6 workers you're still looking at $2k-2400k max which still leaves $5k to $7500 in profit for the roofing co.  I don't mind the company making money, I mean we are have to earn a living but is this realistic Dmitry?  Why so much?  I'm in FL and was quoted with Tamko Titan claiming they were lifetime and were the best architectural shingles out there.
  18. @pamreed4956 [1 likes]: My x went into roofing and he’s been there two years and he’s making claims on advertising and everything that he’s doing at 20 years and on top of it how could a company hire somebody with zero experience and send them out to tell people what to do it’s outrageous that these companies are taking advantage of customers and taking advantage of insurance need to rethink how insured roofing companies instead of trying to teach people how to own their own roofing companies which is delusion or takes so much money just pay a person to handle it or just have a few people that do at all like I said there’s a roofing company in Maryland and the mom answerAnswers the phone and the three brothers put the roof on themselves go over and meet the people and the homeowner deals with the insurance and they just pay them. I have Asked numerous times why are you give away all your information on YouTube for free it certainly isn’t helping other roofing companies I would never do that. But they need to really do a serious look around the country insurance company should not cover roofs are very little and homeowner should have to pay for it since everyone so many companies have scammed homeowners it needs to stop
  19. @gonzolaflameeeee4363 [1 likes]: You show guys on here that make millions and millions and millions on roofing !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

- Florida residents say insurance struggles from Hurricane Ian persist: Kind: captions Language: en STRUGGLING TO GET INSURANCE PAYOUTS THEY NEED TO REBUILD. >> THIS WAS OUR MASTER BEDROOM. >> Reporter: WHAT WAS ONCE THE CLIFFORD FAMILY'S HOME IS NOW AN UNLIVABLE MAZE OF STUDS. THIS HOME IS UNINHABITABLE NOW. FOR HOW LONG? >> UNTIL WE CAN FIX IT. >> OH, MY GOD. >> Reporter: WHEN IAN TORE THROUGH FLORIDA, THEY JUST RELOCATED FROM NEW JERSEY AND WERE DAYS AWAY FROM MOVING INTO THEIR NEW HOME. THE ROOF WAS DAMAGED, FLOORS AND CEILING SOAKED. BUT THE CLIFFORD'S THOUGHT THEY WERE RELATIVELY LUCKY. THEN THEY SAY 9-YEAR-OLD SHEILA STARTED GETTING SICK. WHEN WAS THE MOMENT YOU REALIZED YOU COULDN'T LIVE HERE ANYMORE? >> THE MOMENT THEY TOLD ME THAT THERE WAS MOLD IN MY DAUGHTER'S ROOM AND IT WASN'T SAFE FOR THEM TO STAY THERE ANYMORE. >> Reporter: AN ADJUSTOR THAT HE HIRED ESTIMATE THERE'S IS $400,000 WORTH OF DAMAGE. THEY DIDN'T HAVE FLOOD INSURANCE AND THEIR HOMEOWNERS INSURANCE HAS ONLY COVERED THE DAMAGE TO THE ROOF. >> THEY SENT A CHECK FOR I THINK AFTER DEDUCTIBLE ABOUT $4800. >> Reporter: IS THAT GOING TO CUT IT? >> NO. >> Reporter: CLOSE? >> NOT AT ALL. >> Reporter: THE COMPANY SENT A LETTER SAYING THE DAMAGE IS NOT COVERED BECAUSE IT COULD HAVE OCCURRED FROM WIND DRIVEN RAIN. THEY'RE SUING THE INSURANCE COMPANY AND THEY SAID THEY WERE UNABLE TO COMMENT FURTHER DUE TO THE ON GOING LITIGATION. HOW WOULD YOU RANK THE INSURANCE RESPONSE? >> GARBAGE. >> Reporter: EIGHT MONTHS AFTER HURRICANE IAN, DESTRUCTION IS STILL A COMMON SIGHT HERE. MANY HOMEOWNERS BLAME INSURANCE COMPANIES SAYING PAYOUTS HAVE BEEN SLOW AND INSUFFICIENT AND FLORIDA'S DEPARTMENT OF SERVICES IS INVESTIGATING FRAUD AFTER SEVERAL INDEPENDENT ADJUST JURORS CAME FORWARD ALLEGING WORK HAD BEEN MANIPULATED TO PAY POLICYHOLDERS LESS. WHAT MADE YOU WANT TO COME FORWARD AND DISCUSS THIS? >> THE FACT IT WAS JUST WRONG AS WRONG COULD BE. THERE IS NO DOORS OR WINDOWS LEFT. >> Reporter: WHEN A STORM HITS, ADJUSTORS ARE HIRED BY COMPANIES CALLED THIRD PARTY ADMINISTRATORS OR TPAs TO HELP INSURANCE COMPANIES GET THROUGH THE MOUNTAINS OF CLAIMS. THEIR JOB IS TO GO TO HOMES AND ESTIMATE PROPERTY DAMAGE. THE COMPANIES CAN MAKE REVISIONS TO THE REPORTS BUT THE ADJUSTORS SAY MAJOR CHANGES WERE MADE WITHOUT THEIR COLLABORATION OR CONSENT. >> 44 OF THE 46 CLAIMS THAT I TURNED IN TO THE FIRM THAT I WAS WORKING FOR, THEY MANIPULATED 44 OF THEM. >> Reporter: WHAT THINGS WERE DIFFERENT THAN WHEN YOU SIGNED OFF? >> THERE WERE MISSING PICTURES. AND THE DOLLAR AMOUNT WAS SIGNIFICANTLY REDUCED FROM WHAT I HAD ORIGINALLY WRITTEN FOR. >> Reporter: WOULD YOU PICK UP THE PHONE AND CHALLENGE THEM? >> I DID. THEY GAVE ME NO BASIS IT'S TOO WHY THEY WERE MAKING THE CHANGES. >> Reporter: NBC NEWS REVIEWED SEVERAL OF THE REPORTS THEY SUBMITTED AND THE FINAL COPIES. IN MANY CASES, THE LOSSES WERE REDUCED BY THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS. >> I HAVE ONE THAT I WROTE FOR $239,000. AND THE ALTERED ESTIMATE IS $3,476. >> Reporter: THE FINAL REPORT LISTED THEIR NAMES. HAS YOUR WORK BEEN TOTALLY MISREPRESENTS? >> VERY MUCH. SO YOU COME OUT TO A CATEGORY 5 HOME. YOU SEE THE DAMAGE AND I WRITE AN ESTIMATE FOR THAT DAMAGE. BY THE TIME IT GETS BACK TO THE POLICYHOLDER THAT, ROOF IS NOT ON THAT ESTIMATE AT ALL. I MEAN, WHAT DO YOU DO? INSURANCE COMPANY ASSOCIATED WITH HIS WORK SAYS IT TAKES THESE KINDS OF ALLEGATIONS VERY SERIOUSLY. ADDING TPAs INTERNALLY REVIEW AND MAKE CORRECT ADJUSTMENTS BEFORE THEY ARE PRESENTED TO COMPANIES FOR A COVERAGE DETERMINATION. THE TPA AND INSURANCE COMPANY LEE WORKED FOR HAVE NOT RESPONDED TO NBC NEWS' REQUEST FOR COMMENT. YOU HAVE SEEN THESE ALTERED ESTIMATES IN OTHER DISASTERS? >> YES, WE HAVE. >> Reporter: DOUG QUINN FOUNDED AN ASSOCIATION AFTER HIS HOME WAS DESTROYED IN SUPERSTORM SANDY. >> THESE ARE PEOPLE THAT DID THE RIGHT THING. THEY PUT A SAFETY NET IN PLACE IN CASE SOMETHING LIKE THIS HAPPENS. AND WHEN THAT SAFETY NET FAILS THEM, WHAT THEY GO THROUGH IS DEVASTATING. >> Reporter: AS FOR THE CLIFFORDS, THEY SAY THEY HAVE NO IDEA WHEN THEY'LL BE ABLE

  Top Comments:
  1. @GW-gz8jh [1 likes]: To all the people saying they should have gotten flood insurance and this wouldn’t have happened…it actually can. We have flood insurance and several people we know had both wind and flood policies that got caught in a back and forth mess over which was responsible. Often they’re different writers. The company covering wind will say it’s flood damage (even with no flooding in the area) and the company covering flood will say it’s wind. Then both refuse to pay. We had zero flooding in my area but had a limb puncture our flat roof on our home addition causing water damage. Both squabbled back and forth and since it thankfully wasn’t a life changing amount we ended up paying to have it fixed ourselves than litigated after. Just because you have the policies doesn’t mean you will see any money or that it won’t take legal wrangling to get it.
  2. @2003tommytn [1 likes]: Get out of Florida...
  3. @bgregg55 [1 likes]: Given republican control of the government there I would expect absolutely no help at all for all those folks scammed by these slimeball insurance companies operating in FL.
  4. @DpuckFishingandOutdoors [1 likes]: Terrible job reporting. Flood insurance is a separate entity from Homeowners insurance. The family did not have flood insurance, which is odd, but their insurance paid for the damage not caused by flood waters, which is some wind damage to the roof. As for the independent adjusters, they were incorrectly including flood damage to their estimates along with wind damage, and the carrier had to remove from the estimate the scope of damage not covered by the policies. They were in the wrong and really just upset they were paid less, since their pay scale is dependent on the estimate size. There is no scandal here other that people wanting far more than what they are owed.😂
  5. @loriparks8657 [1 likes]: I don't see how people can deal with this single year in the state of Florida with the hurricane
  6. @bigcahuna42366: So based on the content of the video, Florida is really a playground for the rich who can afford to build another house without insurance if the one they live in gets destroyed
  7. @qg_21: You fell horrible for these people. But do your research BEFORE moving. Myself and others realize that no income tax isn’t a good enough reason!
  8. @SavvySkyLady: That “wind driven rain” has fkd me 3 times 🤬
  9. @nunyabusiness9013: Insurance is a scam. This is more proof.
  10. @lindawiker7286: Insurance companies aren’t  here to provide charity. These people are complaining about wind loss payout BUT the actual loss looks like it’s from flooding AKA water 💧 NOT wind 🌬
  11. @Fajah69: When you put Republicans in charge, they always side with the big companies. But wait, they are also fighting for your freedom. So you win a little.
  12. @Zest4life890: Move to Arizona, my husband and I retired here from back east, and we love every minute of it don’t have to worry about humidity, hurricanes, and constant mosquitoes, alligators so sad to hear that you have $400,000 worth of damage. Sorry about that.
  13. @scott6738: Maybe you should move back to New Jersey? If you move to Florida, don't know if you've seen the news but they got hurricanes and insurance problems.
  14. @Anubis-k2c: Insurance companies: but we still want your money each months 🐸
  15. @statesoftheunited7049: Go back to new jersey
  16. @smokeldogg: Texas is where it’s at, Don’t come to Florida.

Do you really want to be known as Florida Man?
  17. @ebindy4951: The solution is simple. Move out of Florida.
  18. @shaneroberts6391: Florida is stuffed under Ron , no one can get a contractor ,legal or undocumented !!
The guy picked a fight with Americas favorite mouse , probably Florida's biggest employer !!
What a dummy and wannabe !!
Stick to puddings and snot Ron !!
  19. @thepamela050: Yankees shouldn't keep moving here, we hvae way too many now.
  20. @half-breed: Maybe meatball will give you some white boots for your troubles

- Florida woman receives $36K homeowners insurance bill: Kind: captions Language: en And insurance rate hike that one Saint Augustine resident is calling ludicrous, and I I tend to agree for good reason. Susan Gregory lives in a historc home but the insurance bill she received is 12 times what one ll insurance agent says it should . We're not seeing Agorio is on your side this morning looking into what happened and what you can do if this happens to you. We're not a how much was her insurance bill? Susan Gregory's homeowners insue renewal rate is almost $36,000. That is over 300% more than she used to pay. I thought this was my forever h. It. Can't be my forever home ifI can't afford it. Susan Gregory lives in Saint Augustine Historic Abbott Tract District. When her insurance company, United Property and Casualty, went insolvent earlier this yea, her homeowners insurance was taken over by the new company, Slide, and her bill went from $8800 to almost 36,000. For that amount of money, I could replace my roof. I could do all kinds of improves on my house that would actuallye it safer from hurricanes and st. Susan says her two-bedroom home has never flooded and is 120 yes old and its roof is original. These last two factors are likey the reason for the increase, according to Jacksonville insure agent Matthew Carlucci Junior. He says Susan's $36,000 renewal bill is 12 times more expensive than it should be. I mean, I see this every day. Everybody who was with UPC and now they're with Slide, they're getting their renewals and they're 10 times as much. Sometimes they're 2030 times as much, he says. Don't panic. If this happens to you. Ask your insurance agent to shop around. That's what Susan did, though she says some of her neighbors ended up paying their expensive bills, and she worries about future price increases. I can't. I can't afford that. The legislature passed several reforms in the past year but did not promise lower rates, and many homeowners have seen rate increases. First Coast News reached out several different times, several different ways to slide, but we have not heard back reporting live or not, to the Yorio First Coast News on your side.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Dominion-1 [1 likes]: My insurance agent Wile E. C. got me a great deal with ACME Insurance Company. 
It covers fire, wind & rain but not falling anvils. 😁
  2. @Shars43: After insuring 2 homes from 1968 to last month, I dropped my Home insurance and am self insuring.   In all those years I filed claims 3 times,  for Andrew in 1992, Wilma 2004 and Irma 2016.  And had to fight for every penny I got, with Irma I had to hire  a lawyer to get enough for repairs.  Enough is enough.
  3. @stevesecret2515: Climate change is just getting started.
  4. @williamelkington5430: Thanks for following this story. Please continue to do so. The Florida insurance regulators in Tallahassee are not doing their job, neither is the legislature, and neither is the governor.
  5. @couponuser: When an insurance company does that, it's basically their way of saying, "We don't want you as a customer." She owns a historic home in a high-risk area, and replacing it would cost hundreds of thousands of dollars. The insurance company can't lower their reinsurance costs enough to make it profitable for them.
  6. @hockeynutt9434: Absolutely forget that. Self insure, In 5 years you have 185k saved without interest. There is your insurance money. Short of losing the entire house, you can pay for any repairs, that is what I would do. This assumes you do but that is worth it. not travel much or leave the house for days on end. The short side is 2 years of being nervous something big could hapen. If you can only muster 10k at year, still 50k in 5 years
  7. @edwardhamm5535: Living in flood zones  is not smart.
  8. @edwardhamm5535: Yeah, move out or pay. Do not expect taxpayers to pay.
  9. @RCNY2K: Slide is a "very questionable" insurance company.  They also appear to be undercapitalized
  10. @utubbabe1234: the insurance companies are working with the WEF too make it unaffordable or anyone to own anything , they want a population off government dependent slaves . You  will own nothing and be happy says the beast
  11. @NovaPrincess: Her roof is original??? 😮🤔
  12. @cream0502: TAX PEOPLE AND INSURANCE COMPANIES ARE IN BED TOGETHER
  13. @johndoe-lm7ji: Insurance companies are out here scamming people! There is not way it should be that much! Just save your money and put it in a bank.
  14. @12vLife: Insurance is a silly business in FL. Dear Gov,  Let cash owners do whatever they want on their land and get out of the way.  Focus on infrastructure and protecting consumers.  Tax payers can't afford this level of compassion.   Let Buyers, Banks and Insurance companies worry about building codes, safety, inspections and certifications and GTFOOTW.
  15. @robertmanella528: You  choose to live in a  hurricane zone, so  pay or move!!!
36,000 dollars  is ceap for  being  in an area that's  hurricane  probable!!!
I'm  so sick of  Florida  people  complaining about  everything!!!
Don't  like  whatever, then just  move & spare all of us  your  sob stories!!!!
  16. @davidburkholder7360: Frankly insurance companies are a joke but having said that does this woman need this home?  Is it up to code?  Cost to replace roof?  Asbestos? So many here guessing.  Homosap shit.  Also, notice that smile on the reports face?  She is having an orgasm promoting the "dangerous environment."  Loves to put fear into the weak and poor.  Anyway, move to the Tenn Mountains, no state tax, lowest property taxes in nation and cheapest insurance.  Do something, anything but quit crying.
  17. @rxonmymind8362: Corporate take overs of homes is here. They will force you out of your homes.
  18. @gimcrack555: Everybody is getting price out. The only way you can make it, if you actually own the home. Where no insurance is necessary. If you owe a mortgage, then you pay or they take the home away, if you don't sell right away. I own my home and I don't insure my place at all. I have funds save up and can get more funds if necessary to replace my place if necessary. I always have my eye on a replacement. Where I live I can have a kit home on my property. They are affordable if you can do most the work as building it. And that's my profession anyway.
  19. @carlogambino8594: People sitting down in their cubicles and hand picking people to scam due to location. mother f**
  20. @terrywix6844: To bad so sad. Pay off your mortgage and drop the insurance company like a bad transmission.

- Impact of property insurance changes in Florida: Kind: captions Language: en TO MORE THAN 31% AFTER SIX PROPERTY INSURERS UNDER THIS YEAR. ACROSS FLORIDA, THE STATE LEGISLATURE PASSED A BILL THAT IT HOPES WILL EASE THE STRAIN ON YOUR WALLET. STATE BACKED CITIZENS PROPERTY INSURANCE. OUR TAYLOR HERNANDEZ IS LIVE IN PALM BEACH GARDENS TONIGHT. SHE SPOKE WITH AN INSURANCE EXPERT TO HELP BREAK DOWN WHAT CHANGES LAW MAKES. TAYLOR. WELL, THE GOVERNMENT SAYS LITIGATION BETWEEN INSURERS AND POLICYHOLDERS ON TOP OF DEVASTATING STORMS IS WHAT PUT THE STATE IN IT TO THIS CRISIS. LAWMAKERS AND, RESIDENTS ALIKE WERE HOPEFUL A SPECIAL WOULD BRING ABOUT SOME SORT RESOLUTION. BUT A BROKER I TALKED TO HERE TODAY IS NOT SO SURE. WE’RE FACING A CRISIS. THAT’S REALLY SOMETHING THAT I DON’T KNOW THAT ANY PART OF THE COUNTRY HAS SEEN. GREGORY BURKE HAS WORKED AS AN INSURANCE BROKER IN PALM BEACH COUNTY FOR MORE THAN TWO DECADES. HE NOW, WHEN CLIENTS ARE LOOKING FOR COVERAGE STATE BACKED CITIZENS PROPERTY INSURANCE IS OFTEN THE BEST OR ONLY OPTION. MOST OF THESE COMPANIES WERE NOT DESIGNED TO TAKE THIS KIND OF PRESSURE BECAUSE YOU REALLY TALKING ABOUT A VERY, VERY FEW SMALL NUMBER OF COMPANIES TAKING ON THE WHOLE OF FLORIDA. LEGISLATION PASSED THIS WEEK WOULD PROVIDE $1,000,000,000 OF TAXPAYER MONEY REINSURANCE TO HELP COMMUNITIES WITH PAYOUTS. BUT BURKE SAYS THAT MONEY WILL NOT SCRATCH THE SURFACE. THAT’S NOT REALLY A LARGE NUMBER AND WILL IT MAKE A DIFFERENCE? IT MIGHT TO THE VERY SMALL, BUT TO THOSE WHO ARE ALREADY STRUGGLING, I’M NOT SURE IT’S ENOUGH OF AN IMPACT. THE LEGISLATION ALSO WILL REQUIRE ALL CITIZENS POLICYHOLDERS TO TAKE OUT A SEPARATE FLOOD INSURANCE POLICY AND EXPENSE, BURKE SAYS, HAS GONE UP SIGNIFICANTLY IN RECENT YEARS. IT’S FORCING, IN MANY CASES A LOT PEOPLE TO EITHER THINK ABOUT WHERE THEY LIVE OR MOVE ELSEWHERE. BURKE’S OWN PROPERTY INSURANCE WENT UP 40% THIS YEAR. I ADMIRE THE THAT THE STATE IS TRYING TO TAKE IT ON. THERE’S JUST UNFORTUNATELY NOT A LOT SIMPLE ANSWERS. THERE CERTAINLY ISN’T. BUT WE HAVE BEEN FOLLOWING THIS SPECIAL SESSION AND THE PROPERTY INSURANCE VERY CLOSE FOR YOU. YOU CAN OUR CONTINUING COVERAGE OF THAT ON DOT COM. WE’RE LIV

- Homeowners share confusion in navigating My Safe Florida Home program process: Kind: captions Language: en move next here tonight to our ongoing coverage of the price of paradise and Florida's property insurance crisis this year State lawmakers doubled the state's investment into the myfe Florida home program yeah and that program helps people afford to harden their homes to hopefully lower their property insurance rates but the process to actually apply can be really long and confusing so this week Jack Kelly in South Tampa actually reached out to us to highlight the problems that he experienced in hopes that his story will help you his email saying in part my say Florida home program is very difficult to negotiate all the rules and the website is difficult to understand and use I think you should have a team look at how to make it easier especially for the elderly so we are doing just that as you know ABC Action News is committed to hearing your voice so when we saw this email we wanted to take action yeah we sent our Mario Connell out to share his story and hopefully clear up some confusion for others who are going through a similar situation Jack Kelly has lived in his home since 1987 his story starts when his insurance company said he needed to replace his then 16-year-old roof to be able to be insured sign up it doesn't cost you anything he later applied to the mys safe Florida home program and an inspector came out to his home telling him he wouldn't qualify for roof replacement or new hurricane windows but that the program would cover new hurricane shutters and an extra nail into his rafter brace once you get approved uh and and pick out one of the things the inspector said is okay that's when it gets hard on top of everything Kelly says the process itself is long frustrating and confusing the code inspectors from the city had to come and see it was code and then they don't give you any paperwork they only show that the permit is closed because the contractor did the permit so he gets that it's closed but I need that document to upload to my say Florida so now I have to beg them sometimes impossible the one thing that I had to do on one of the final steps you had to click on this uh click here button but it wouldn't click Kelly reached out to us at ABC Action News about his experience and with concerns over how some people might not be able to navigate it easily make sure you have a computer and computer knowledge or help make sure you have a phone to take pictures or help because you're going to need both of them the state tells me the program has been very successful assisting homeowners with more than 999,000 Home Inspections and more than $383 million in grant funding obligated to harden their homes against storms in the end Kelly tells me mys safe Florida is a good program but difficult to navigate I finally got through only had a year to complete I got through the year was done in November I they gave me the check on October 30 first it took the whole process took a year all right Mario conell is joining us live now we've been covering this program for a while and almost every time that we air this story we get emails just like the one we got from Jack it is difficult to navigate for some people it's a lot for these folks but there is a resource on the my Florida home safe programs website where you can mys safe Florida home website where you can see all these different questions like how does this program work where is the contractor list you can scroll through and get some good useful information if you're going through the process a lot of questions there so you reached out to the chief financial officer's office they're the one in charge of this program what are they saying about making this any easier for our viewers out there so initially the communications director told me that they'd be happy to put any of the folks who are going through any complications that we have heard from they'd be happy to put people on their team the my sayfe Florida team in touch with them to work with them directly of course we heard from a lot of people including Jack today who have already gone through the process who have had it resolved and again they say it's a great program but they said that it can be difficult to navigate so I reached back out to that office to see what are they doing right now how are they making it easier for folks who don't have a computer who don't have a phone and who have these tricky questions to get through the program we are still waiting to hear back from them on that and elderly are now being prioritized for this so a lot of people could be impacted Mary thank you for your reporting as you know the myay Florida home program was touted as a big win by legislator this session we know so many of you are still dealing though with those High insurance premiums I actually spoke with Florida's former deputy insurance commissioner Lisa Miller in Tallahassee wrapping up this session I asked her directly besides the my Florida home program what else is the state doing for you coming out of this legislative session what do you think is the biggest wins for the consumer I think in this in this particular session the biggest one is that the legislature has recognized that there are ways to get the premiums leveling off and they have provided some much needed relief in terms of the premium taxes that we pay with our insurance policies um on average a couple hundred dollars uh there's a bill that passed in terms of homeowners associations if you want to put a generator in your in your yard but your HOA uh bylaws prevent that those days are gone I believe the mysafe Florida home program is a huge win because it makes us all think about staying strong against mother nature and I believe the premium tax reduction is a step in the right direction and we're hoping these premiums level off in 2024 your reaction for people who still see their rates Rising though and felt that is not enough we always have next year the legislature meets every year and if it's not enough this year they'll go back at it in 2025 all right so if you have an insurance story you need help with take out your phone right now scan this QR code it will bring you to fill out a form that will then be sent straight to our Newsroom so we can research this and contact you

  Top Comments:
  1. @joansullivan262 [4 likes]: We had our inspection last September.   Received the documents and the Grant Submission has been closed since receiving.   Now we see they are taking inspection applications again but the submission process for the grant is still locked.  Maybe they need to get thru the backlog of those waiting with inspections to apply before spending on more inspections.   Extremely frustrating!!!!
  2. @glendatyse9654 [3 likes]: I agree it is difficult to navigate and understand. They are impossible to reach on the phone.
  3. @960Liz [3 likes]: The state has only given out less than 10% of the $383 in grant money. Very poorly run program.
  4. @stephensdygert7600 [2 likes]: The Insurance cartels created legal racketeering in the US. Their goal is to collect as much premium as possible. Then they fight you, tooth and nail, if you have a claim. The politicians are in the pockets of the Insurance oligarchs.
  5. @Khaos-y7n [2 likes]: I don't agree with socialism because it takes from working taxpayers against their will (theft) then hands those stolen funds over to others who have done nothing to reimburse the person who worked for that money. Why do I have to work to fix the homes of others when I'm struggling to feed my family? Am I the only one who feels this way?
  6. @lagstorm1 [1 likes]: Yeah so, here's the thing, it's difficult by design. Just like the Florida unemployment website and support system.
  7. @Jersey1971: And yet the PPP loan application was only a few basic questions and taxpayers were robbed blind by fraudsters
  8. @peterpetrides6366: Did not realize that I have to pay up front, that really doesn't help to get started
  9. @Sharr-qo8gs: I don't know where i fall in, the category. I'm over 60 with 2 person in household. What date do i fill out for grant. Annually income is over $35,000.
  10. @Nottherebutthere: I looked a few days before they said it would be open again, but from what I read, there is a long process, and all repairs had to be paid for by me up front before I could even apply....  and many people with the process complete already that are waiting for money to become available. I knew there was no way, and that it would just be a big waste of my time.
  11. @Ed-lw9xf: IF you have a emergency fund,  you won't qualify for any grant in fla. You have to be broke. ITS A JOKE. Just like our all our insurance policies 
HEALTHCARE, HOME, OR AUTO They are all designed to take our money, just look at the deductibles
  12. @femalewarrior125: It says three comments but I can only see one !! The insurance situation in Florida needs a lot more than “ level off” it needs to go down
  13. @deemelody2396: Nice you are offering to help homeowners with this program via your QR code contact information.

- Why do hurricanes have names?: Kind: captions Language: en why do we name hurricanes I'm stormshield meteorologist Jason Meyers let's find out the short answer is this it's a whole heck of a lot easier and less confusing when we name hurricanes places that see a lot of hurricane activity like the West Indies have been naming them since the middle of the 19th century they'd Nam these storms after saints whose day occurred nearest to win the hurricane made landfall at the end of the 19th century an Australian meteorologist was naming storms too but instead of saints he mostly used the names of politicians because he couldn't think of anyone else who wandered around aimlessly and blew hot air the rest of us were identifying these storms by their latitude and longitude which as you can imagine wasn't very helpful for anyone not aware of their exact location at all times not to mention it's a lot harder to say 21° North 70° West as compared to Hurricane Earl it'd get even more confusing if there were two storms imagine throwing out all those coordinates and expecting people to follow occasionally these storms would be named after the fact usually named after something or some place it destroyed not very helpful when you're trying to keep people safe ahead of time eventually meteorologists started unofficially naming these huge destructive storms after their wives whether whether that was meant to be a compliment or an insult I have no idea in 1950 we got serious and started naming storms in alphabetical order it was based on military terms think Abel Baker Charlie dog and so on that only lasted 3 years it became a little confusing so in 1953 we started using female names in alphabetical order similar to what we use today by 1979 we started alternating women and men's names we didn't want to be sexist now six different lists are used in rotation some of those storm names will be retired if there is especially deadly or expensive think Katrina or Andrew if that's the case the World Meteorological organization gets together and picks replacement names chosen from the different countries that could be affected by these natural disasters for stormshield I'm meteorologist Jason Meyers

  Top Comments:
  1. @noahrimac521 [4 likes]: 2:03 It’s crazy to look at that list and recognize all the destructive and memorable hurricanes that hit. 8 years ago we didn’t know that some of those names would end up being catastrophic storms
  2. @ElGatoDelInfierno [3 likes]: 2016
scientist 1: plays angry birds Stella 
Scientist 2: hey what are you going to name the cyclone
Scientist 1: hold on I’m playing angry birds Stella 
Scientist 2: can you stop playing your game and name the cyclone 
Scientist 1: okay fine I’ll name it Stella
  3. @SaraHouck461 [2 likes]: Georges was the first hurricane I became familiar with in the case of my respective experiences growing up. I was ten years old then.
  4. @ThuNguyen-jy2jt [2 likes]: Hurricane Elsa LMFAO
  5. @GDmilkgenic [2 likes]: Hurricane Harvey more like (Steve Harvey) Including a. Show
  6. @whatdoinamethischannel9749 [1 likes]: Extremely destructive and devastating hurricane that rips through Mexico in 2015

Some scientist:
Aww cute let's name her Patricia :3
  7. @thegreatrandomchannel338 [1 likes]: The Able Baker Charlie Dog and so on list is pretty similar to the Greek name list because it also got confusing for some reason.
  8. @DougHanson2769: Who wants a HURRICANE DOUG and TROPICAL STORM DOUG, to be on the list?
  9. @DougHanson2769: Is this for children?   Just kidding.  Why can’t just a couple people be in charge for naming the hurricanes.  Alphabetical order, and chosen by just luck, ie. Last hurricane started with a "C" so all the names starting with a "D" are entered into some bag and chosen randomly.  Hurricane DOUG. There’s never been a Hurricane DOUG nor a tropical storm DOUG.  What’s wrong with using DOUG?  or DOUGLASS?  Doug’s are being left out inside these disastrous moments.  Then Emily, then Fred, then Gloria, then Howard, then Ike, then Jack, Kelly, Lilly, Michael etc etc.  How about HURRICANE 5, they should always be called HURRICANE KAREN.  When it reaches a category 5 Level, should automatically be called HURRICANE KAREN.
  10. @hlwtgv-5zzz: Jason got straight to the point, a real chad 😊
  11. @2yldy: I saw this on my textbook the last day, but I did not understand anything about what it was saying 
Meanwhile you just explained everything in 2 minutes and I understand
  12. @Accuism: 𝔸𝕣𝕝𝕖𝕟𝕖
  13. @kyleperez4481: Only in Ohio
  14. @thuyvannguyenthi1459: Other countries: Finding the names for hurricanes
My country: Hehe hurricane 1,2,3,... lets go
  15. @kdospapaj: Ian's probably getting retired
  16. @bigturd11999: I don't even have a one name that was a category 5 and the name it was hurricane Katrina am I right? Well I hope we don't go or drink 5-hour energy to give it to tornadoes and hurricanes
  17. @byronchavarria4954: Hurricanes Should Be Named Alessia Brianna Caterina Dylan Evelyn Francesca Germaine Isabella Jennifer Kendall Lucy Mariano Natasha Olivia Rebecca Winston Telma
  18. @littlemissmagic82: Lol
  19. @nicholasalexandermontanez2742: Can we petition to have a certain name put on to the list of hurricane names?
  20. @laserboi1274: Hello, my name is:
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Poopgirl1337

- THE SUPERCELL - MOTHER OF STORMS: Kind: captions Language: en There are different breeds of thunderstorms each with their own characteristics There are single-celled storms often weak and short-lived Multi-celled storms sporadic and unorganized and and squalls organizing into dramatic lines they can stretch hundreds of miles But the mother of all thunder storms is the supercell Supercells are the least common mode of storms and Their defining character is a deep persistently rotating updraft called a mesocyclone Super cells are often referred to as rotating thunderstorms This rotating nature enables them to generate torrential rainfall and severe winds Intense and continuous lightning activity Enormous hail And it's super cells that are responsible for producing the majority of the world's violent tornadoes Supercells can occur all over the world but in one location they turn up with alarming frequency Tornado alley in the United States Fewer than 30 percent of super cells produce tornadoes And scientists are still trying to understand why one supercell produces violet tornadoes And another does not Supercells come in three different classifications. The low precipitation supercell or LP The classic supercell And the high precipitation supercell or HP where heavy rainfall shroud much of the internal storm structure They often form as one mode and transition to another Once a supercell is on the roll it can dominate the atmosphere persisting for hours and hours Sometimes the atmosphere generates mixed modes Storms with characteristics of other storm types Squalls with super cells embedded in their lines or hybrid cells with both the squall and supercell structures No two super cells are exactly the same With their explosive energy and wind shear sculpted beauty Being in their presence can be captivating or terrifying. Or both. They are a dream scenario for nature photographers And time-lapse photography truly captures their beauty the mesocyclone twists the supercell into dramatic sky scapes. A storm that resembles stacked plates With tiers like upside down wedding cake Or the alien invading mothership With the most powerful supercells time-lapse photography isn't necessary to capture their intense churning The clouds move so fast the storm doesn't appear from this world

  Top Comments:
  1. @harlyummmm [2 likes]: 0:31 hide till its bright out..
  2. @Fit.For.An.Autopsy: Supercells are gorgeous
  3. @MrArcadia2009: I was fishing one day in Wisconsin. I was watching a basic storm develop over an hour. Before long, I knew it wasn't going to be normal. The overall size, dominating the atmosphere, it developed, unexpectedly, into a classic supercell. And I had never seen such a thing happen, before. Through the heavy rain, I went to my cabin. Just as I had made ot there,  I noticed that it had created a wall cloud. However, it wasn't rotating. Still something I won't soon forget.
  4. @milin7120: Created by aliens
  5. @tiffanypage9077: LETS GET IT ON 🌪  SUPERCELLS ❤
  6. @KodahRigden-k1n: And this is where the edits came from
  7. @plate.armour_0996: 🌞🐱⚡️🇪🇺🇨🇳
  8. @川鶏KAWAKEI: 最近日本でもスーパーセルが頻発するようになりました。特に関東平野などで見れます。
  9. @CosmicStargoat: Pecos Hank is the best of the best.
  10. @Clint-s4z: I rember that Vaguely..Barely nissed
  11. @jimmyseterna651playlistmus8: Wow mother nature you are special 💕💕
  12. @Noir-vh9mj: Wow! If this is the mother of all storms, can you imagine how powerful is the FATHER of all storms!? 😳
  13. @KarenElston: How often do you have to buy a new car when you live in tornado alley?
  14. @mrsim1976: Hank is a great videographer and popularizer, undoubtedly one of the best ! 👍
  15. @Emilley-b8y4u: The super cell mother of storms
  16. @user-ki4llalm6kr: Mother of geoengineering
  17. @saskatchewanrailfan8149: Footage so good it was in a movie!!
  18. @NatureLover-cc2hf: 1:59 Is that a footage of a shelf cloud with a clear sky? That’s amazing!
  19. @MasterPickles.: Supercell currently going on right above me, i was alarmed it was rotating because ive never seen any other clouds do that and i went down a rabbit hole about them. This is a massive one but its not the type to generate tornadoes. The wind is eratic blowing in every direction with strong speed and the rain is coming in at a angle so when you stand up and look straight you get blasted in the eyes 😂 cool ass purple lightning stretching across the sky with some deep thunder
  20. @jessedawkins8183: 400 in Oklahoma just this spring

- Are there Storms on the Moon?: Kind: captions Language: en here on Earth we're always concerned with the weather okay Google am I going to need an umbrella tomorrow no rain is not expected tomorrow in curtney the forecast is 20° and partly cloudy it's pronounced Courtney but fine what if I lived on the moon okay Google am I going to need an umbrella tomorrow on the [Music] moon let's take Google silence for uncertainty the names of geological features on the moon sure evoke mental images of weather there's the ocean of storms also known as Oceanus prosum or the ocean of clouds AKA Marin nubium in fact most of the regions on the moon are named after oceans it's got to count for something right they of these names because the early astronomers thought they were actual oceans on the moon they imagine vast SE Seas where heroic six-legged creepy bug people ped the icy wav seeking fame fortune and lunar plunder I don't know like gold cheese or something seriously they were making a lot of this stuff up until telescopes were invented but when the NASA astronauts finally set foot on the moon they knew they wouldn't need to pack their snorkeling gear cuz there weren't any oceans on the moon or really any atmosphere the Moon is almost as dead and lifeless as space itself the storms we see battering the astronauts on every Mars science fiction story just can't happen on the moon because there's no air up there there's an ongoing lethal radiation solar wind blowing from the Sun and deep space but nothing you'd be able to wind surf to so why isn't there an atmosphere on the moon well it all comes down to gravity the moon has about 1% of the mass of the Earth which means that it doesn't have enough gravity to hold on to any gas atmosphere anything that it did have would have been blown away by the solar wind billions of years ago in fact we did a whole episode on what it would take to terraform the moon and it turns out you need to constantly replenish the atmosphere in fact this is one of the reasons why the Martian atmosphere is so thin it was probably thicker in the past but the solar wind stripped off all the lighter atmosphere long ago now it's just 1% the thickness of the Earth's atmosphere now I've said that the moon has almost no atmosphere but that almost no means partly yes there is in fact an incredibly thin atmosphere surrounding the moon which measures about a 100 trillionth the thickness of the Earth's atmosphere now there are a few sources of this atmosphere first there's volcanic outgassing that comes from the Moon and this this contributes a little helium and radon and then there's the constant microm meteorite bombardment that kicks up pulverized lunar regolith but perhaps the strangest atmospheric feature is a storm that does rage across the surface of the Moon right at the Terminator the exact line between the Moon's day side and its night side it turns out the day Side of the Moon is positively charged and the night side is negative ly charged as the Terminator moves the polarity of the Dust flips and drives it sideways in fact the astronauts who walked on the moon actually reported seeing this they saw bands or Twilight rays in the sky around lunar sunrise or Sunset so without a thick atmosphere the surface of the Moon just doesn't have any appreciable weather and definitely doesn't have storms like we have on Earth Mark Watney will need some other reason and then weather to be stuck behind on the moon so do you have any more questions about the moon let's hear them and I'll include them in future episodes in our next episode we wonder what's outside the universe and in doing so directly contradict previous episodes of the guy to space trust me it's all very confusing oh and make sure you stick around for the blooper our patreon community sees entire blooper reels gets Advanced access to all our videos and sees no ads on Universe today join the club of 500 amazing people who support us in making great space and astronomy content the people who make these shows even possible we'd like to thank Tom Eric overson Luis and Paul Gracie and the rest of the members who support us in making great space astronomy content members get Advanced access to episodes extras contests and other Shenanigans with me and the rest of the team want to get in on the action go to patreon.com SL Universe today but when the NASA astronauts finally set foot on the moon they

  Top Comments:
  1. @robertt9342 [2 likes]: The storm comment you made, on Mars the the atmosphere is so thin wouldn't the high winds not put much force on an astronaut? I found that weird in the movie The Martian.
  2. @TheGhostGuitars [1 likes]: lol, hey Frasier,  you've triggered my Google Assistant on my own phone while I was watching this video on the said device. :)
  3. @colinp2238 [1 likes]: Well apparently we spent enough time on the moon to understand this. So is it yes or no or even we're not sure because we weren't looking for it. I hate these inconclusive things. Why the fuck did we travel all the way to the moon to leave these questions unanswered?
  4. @halityilmaz2942 [1 likes]: is the mineral composition of surface and/or accessible depth soil of the moon similar to that of the earth, for making solar powered mine factories to establish the base on the moon? 

Also, what is the seismic activity aspect of the moon? When a large astroid collides, does the moon have any strange behavior (of course alot of particles and dust storms, understandibly) like lets say, sinkings that occur due to a hollow core (it cooled later, having alot of cracks and empty parts; together with the low gravity pulverization effect (when material cool under low pressure, they dont have proper rock formations but just smaller size formations with alot more gaps), after years of bombardment of astroids, does the moon have a central collapsing effect in micro level?
  5. @dustinh4175: Sure
  6. @deemisquadis9437: There is no atmosphere there, if there is a storm on the moon, the oceans would be storming here. Lol😂
  7. @jamesmatheson5813: Thanks for your explanation of the moon
I hope to ask.you this
What is the distance from earth and the minus 260 in shade region of space 
I hope there is a way to put a tube from space to earth and drop the worlds temperature
Someone was saying theres somway 
Thanks for letting me ask
  8. @larnotlars1717: Is there a Goldilocks zone where the cheese is not too crumbly, but still doesn't soften to a sticky mess? Will Artemis be armed with pita or tortilla chips?
  9. @BruceSeesall: Was a pleasure watching. Brother I have found bands of lights and clouds with sparkling lights in them on the moon in my live footage. I am not one to take over a comment section but I want to connect with many channels. Great work.
  10. @thetimelspsechannel1738: Gotta love Google. Lol When I loved in Las Vegas, it pronounced Mojave like it's spelled.
  11. @statichands1: The moon can't have weather on it, its just a over grown rock.
  12. @xfliikz7077: Hey Fraser i really enjoy your vids can u make a video for multiverse?
Thnx
  13. @utopiaranaco6543: No storms on Luna NO ATMOSPHERE
  14. @dolebiscuit: Titan is about 1.8 times the mass of the Moon, but it has a thicker atmosphere than the Earth. Couldn't the Moon theoretically hold on to some amount of atmosphere, despite the solar wind?
  15. @AlaskanBallistics: isn't it true that Mark Whattney would also need something besides a storm on mars to get stuck?
  16. @whenitstimetherewillbeenou3632: Thanks to the aspect
  17. @whenitstimetherewillbeenou3632: Space travel saved my life
  18. @turkoositerapsidi: I do not know if someone has already pointed this out but weren't the Moon's "seas" named as seas only AFTER telescopes were invented? The early telescopes just were not that powerful for creating high magnification for astronomers to not realize they were not real seas.
  19. @thecatserole245: Does the moon get sun flares. If so would Neil Armstrong have to pack more radiation protective gear?
  20. @kieferonline: Frasier, doesn't a body's magnetic field from a molten mantle do more than gravity in preventing an atmosphere from being stripped away by solar wind?

- She heard cries for help during deadly winter storm. Her actions saved a life: Kind: captions Language: en A life saved thanks to the kindness of a stranger. 3-60's Gary Tuchman has the story. >> The worst of mother nature, bringing out the best of human nature. This is Buffalo resident Shakira on tree, and Facebook live. >> I currently have an older 64-year-old white man in my house. I found him yesterday, I heard him screaming for help. >> In the midst of western new York's blizzard, Shakira responded and heard the man in terrible pain in the frigid cold outside of her house on the morning of Christmas eve. For boyfriend carried the man inside. That man is Joey white. Seen in this picture the Toronto blue Jays baseball game. >> He got away from his home, he lives in a group home he told me. >> Joey sister says her brother is mentally challenged and doesn't -- he works in a movie theater and made have gotten scared during a blizzard and try to walk home from the theater, getting lost in the heavy snow outside the mother of 3's house. Chicago did her best to care for him, comfort him and feed him and pleaded for help on a phone call held on Facebook >> This man is not about to die on 1-11. We need to get this man some help. But her neighborhood was virtually impassable. Christmas eve became Christmas day. Joey was in immense pain with severe frostbite on his hands. >> Joe. Listen to Joe. How are you feeling Joe? >> Joe ready to go. He ready to go. He needs to go because he needs medical attention. I had to, he had a ring on his finger. I had to use these to cut the ring off of his finger. I am not no surgeon. >> With her 3 children by her side, Shakira tried to convert Joey.

  Top Comments:
  1. @frankieclayton9303 [1 likes]: Scripture even said you care for me when you gave me food when I was hungry you clothed me when I was naked you care for me when I need you to be cared for so you're doing what scripture says and what Jesus said
  2. @animatedmoi [1 likes]: Do we have any updates on how Joe is doing now??
  3. @josephsmith6944: This is Real America  !😢!
  4. @josephsmith6944: Yes, Black Lives Matter ❤😊 !
  5. @Benedict2009: Jesus approved it❤❤😊
  6. @LisaHale-yl2vr: This woman and her family have built incredible bond and friendship with Joey.  Her and her family demonstrated the very best of humanity and how Buffalo is the City of Good Neighbors. ❤️ A little over a year later we are now prepping for a winter storm, expecting 2  feet of snow, 65 mph winds today and 45 mph tomorrow.  I can't help but think about the apocalyptic storm last year.  Hoping everyone stays safe and checks on their neighbors. And we are all anticipating the Bills hosting the Pittsburgh Steelers in the wild card game tomorrow. Let's Go Buffalo!! 🦬
  7. @eyesight8716: I have tears, what a wonderful woman...so strong and nice at the same time...she is a hero. and stil, the way she went, got him, put him in her house, told everyone what was wrong, went with him to the hospital..I mean ...seriously, what does that sound like??....we know exactly what that sounds like...she sounds more like an ANGEL if anything...but her heart is priceless
  8. @pmoneylohan: I mean did y’all want him dead why was he alone anyways when a blizzard was coming very off.
  9. @SelimeOzdemir-gundy: גלגיניגחגמגמגמגמגממגמגחגחחגגמגממגגחגח🧌🧙‍♀️🤵🏼🎅🦹‍♀️🤵‍♂️🦹👨‍⚖️🦹🤵🏼🧙‍♀️
  10. @ashleighgaddass6004: your a real hero and we need more people like you in the world
  11. @steviemac87: This woman is an actual angel sent from heaven.  We could all take a page out of her playbook.  There are lessons to be learned.  There is love to be given to our fellow man.
  12. @fillheemup1375: She gon be blessed in the best way without even wanting anything in return
  13. @storiesrecap2400: i love black women
  14. @Machiave11i: Why would she film him in the blizzard and record everything she did? There's no way in hell people buy this.
  15. @babyjunior8400: Only JACOB will save ESAU… BUT can ESAU (save) JACOB?? I’ll WAIT HISTORY speaks for itself
  16. @kikoarmani: Wow what an amazing story❤️
  17. @sharingtherealworld: Real life heroes doing that real life hero stuff! You never know when it's going to be your turn to step up and be a hero but don't be afraid of it. Just do it!
  18. @jackiebrown33: You got to be dumb as a box of rocks to believe this 😂 why didn’t his face freeze if his hands did? 🤔  Nothing else froze but those fake hands they keep showing.
  19. @1.21gigawatts2: Someone needs to organize a GoFundMe for this woman. Someone this selfless and generous deserves to be kicking back on a beach in Hawaii for a couple of weeks.
  20. @blasianbrixx6741: Joe friend set her up a go fund me please go donate

- He STOOD on the AUCTION block. HIS name was ON the DEED before the MONTH was OUT.: Kind: captions Language: en-US The morning of September the eleventh, eighteen&nbsp; fifty-three, arrived the way most mornings in&nbsp;&nbsp; Colleton County arrived — with heat already&nbsp; in the air before the sun had fully cleared&nbsp;&nbsp; the tree line, and with a silence across&nbsp; the low country that felt less like peace&nbsp;&nbsp; and more like held breath. The road into Beaufort&nbsp;&nbsp; had been busy since before dawn. Wagons came from the direction of Walterboro,&nbsp;&nbsp; from Jacksonboro, from the smaller settlements&nbsp; along the Combahee River where rice cultivation&nbsp;&nbsp; had made a handful of men very wealthy&nbsp; and made the rest of the world invisible.&nbsp;&nbsp; They came through the Spanish moss and the&nbsp; flat water and the long, unbroken fields,&nbsp;&nbsp; and they brought with them the usual commerce of&nbsp; a sale day — livestock traders, land speculators,&nbsp;&nbsp; men with debts to settle and men with capital&nbsp; to deploy, women accompanying husbands, women&nbsp;&nbsp; accompanying fathers, and a smaller number of&nbsp; women who had come, to be precise, for reasons no&nbsp;&nbsp; one in their company would have admitted openly. Three counties had sent people just to watch&nbsp;&nbsp; him be sold. Pause on that.&nbsp; Not to bid. Not to negotiate. Not to&nbsp; assess value or test labor capacity or&nbsp;&nbsp; examine teeth or inspect hands the way&nbsp; the transaction customarily required.&nbsp; To watch. By the end of that same month,&nbsp;&nbsp; the deed to the Calloway plantation itself — four&nbsp; hundred and twelve acres of Carolina low country,&nbsp;&nbsp; with all its buildings, its waterways, its crop&nbsp; futures, and its debts — would carry his name.&nbsp; And the men who had tried hardest to own&nbsp; him would become the precise reason why.&nbsp; This is the story of a man named Elias.&nbsp; And before you assume you know&nbsp; what kind of story this is — wait.&nbsp; Because the most important thing about&nbsp; Elias was never what the auction broadsheet&nbsp;&nbsp; listed beneath his name. It was never the&nbsp; physical description, the age estimate,&nbsp;&nbsp; the field rating. Those details were real,&nbsp; but they described the wrong thing entirely.&nbsp; What the broadsheet could not list — what no&nbsp; document in Colleton County was capable of&nbsp;&nbsp; recording — was the particular quality&nbsp; of his attention. The way he listened.&nbsp;&nbsp; The way he stored. The way he understood, years&nbsp; before anyone thought to look, that information&nbsp;&nbsp; travels differently through a society that&nbsp; has decided certain people cannot read it.&nbsp; If you've been watching this channel,&nbsp; you already know that history hides&nbsp;&nbsp; its most dangerous actors in plain sight. Tonight, we're going to look at one of them.&nbsp; If stories like this are what you come here for&nbsp; — subscribe now, and tell me in the comments&nbsp;&nbsp; where you're watching from tonight. The&nbsp; community that gathers in this comment&nbsp;&nbsp; section is one of the most thoughtful anywhere&nbsp; on this platform, and I want to hear from you. To understand what happened on September the&nbsp; eleventh, eighteen fifty-three, you first have&nbsp;&nbsp; to understand what Colleton County, South&nbsp; Carolina was in the years leading up to it.&nbsp; It was a world built on water. The low country is not a landscape that&nbsp;&nbsp; announces itself dramatically. It does not rise.&nbsp; It does not descend. It spreads — flat and dark&nbsp;&nbsp; and extraordinarily fertile — across a geography&nbsp; of tidal rivers and black-water creeks and&nbsp;&nbsp; half-submerged islands where the boundary between&nbsp; land and water shifts with the tide and has never&nbsp;&nbsp; been entirely settled. The rice fields that&nbsp; dominated the region were not natural features.&nbsp;&nbsp; They were engineering projects of extraordinary&nbsp; ambition, constructed and maintained entirely&nbsp;&nbsp; by enslaved African labor over the course of&nbsp; more than a century. The men and women who&nbsp;&nbsp; built them — many of them drawn specifically&nbsp; from rice-cultivating regions of West Africa&nbsp;&nbsp; precisely because of that expertise&nbsp; — had reshaped the physical geography&nbsp;&nbsp; of an entire coastal region with their&nbsp; hands, their knowledge, and their bodies.&nbsp; The planters who owned those fields had grown&nbsp; wealthy in a way that created a particular&nbsp;&nbsp; kind of social psychology. Understand this, because&nbsp;&nbsp; it matters for everything that follows. When wealth arrives slowly — through work,&nbsp;&nbsp; through risk, through the incremental&nbsp; accumulation of skill and capital — it&nbsp;&nbsp; tends to produce men with a certain relationship&nbsp; to reality. They know what things cost because&nbsp;&nbsp; they remember paying. They understand&nbsp; contingency because they've experienced it.&nbsp; But when wealth is inherited, when it arrives not&nbsp; as the result of effort but as the condition of&nbsp;&nbsp; birth, when it is maintained not by excellence&nbsp; but by the legal enforcement of a system that&nbsp;&nbsp; makes your advantage structural and your&nbsp; competitors' disadvantage permanent — it&nbsp;&nbsp; tends to produce something different. It tends to produce men who confuse the fact&nbsp;&nbsp; of their position with evidence of their merit. Edmund Calloway was one of these men.&nbsp; He was forty-one years old in eighteen&nbsp; fifty-three, and he had been the primary&nbsp;&nbsp; owner of Calloway Plantation since the&nbsp; death of his father, Reginald Calloway,&nbsp;&nbsp; in eighteen forty-four. Reginald had been, by most&nbsp; accounts, a careful man. Methodical. The kind of&nbsp;&nbsp; planter who understood the relationship between&nbsp; weather and yield, who kept meticulous records,&nbsp;&nbsp; who expanded slowly and borrowed cautiously and&nbsp; knew that the low country could be generous or&nbsp;&nbsp; it could be merciless, and that the difference was&nbsp; often nothing more than the direction of a storm.&nbsp; Edmund was not his father. Edmund had inherited the land, the house,&nbsp;&nbsp; the fields, the crops, the infrastructure,&nbsp; and the human beings his father's system&nbsp;&nbsp; depended upon, and he had treated all of it&nbsp; as a platform for social performance rather&nbsp;&nbsp; than an enterprise requiring management. He entertained extravagantly. He extended&nbsp;&nbsp; credit to neighbors whose goodwill he wanted to&nbsp; purchase. He borrowed against future crops at&nbsp;&nbsp; interest rates that made sense only if the next&nbsp; several harvests were exceptional, which they&nbsp;&nbsp; were not. He imported furniture from England. He&nbsp; maintained correspondence with men in Charleston&nbsp;&nbsp; and Columbia and Georgetown as though proximity&nbsp; to ambition were the same thing as having it.&nbsp; By the spring of eighteen fifty-three, Edmund&nbsp; Calloway was in the most dangerous position&nbsp;&nbsp; a man of his class and era could occupy: he was&nbsp; perceived as wealthy while being, in documented&nbsp;&nbsp; financial reality, close to insolvent. The auction of September the eleventh was&nbsp;&nbsp; not a routine transaction. It was desperation dressed&nbsp;&nbsp; in the clothing of confidence. And the man who would understand this&nbsp;&nbsp; first — who would understand it more completely&nbsp; than Edmund Calloway understood it himself — was&nbsp;&nbsp; a thirty-four-year-old man named Elias, who had&nbsp; been living and working on Calloway Plantation&nbsp;&nbsp; for eleven years, and who had spent most of those&nbsp; eleven years doing something that no one around&nbsp;&nbsp; him had identified as dangerous. He had been paying attention. Elias had come to Calloway Plantation in&nbsp; eighteen forty-two, transferred from an&nbsp;&nbsp; estate in Georgetown County following a debt&nbsp; settlement between two men who would both be&nbsp;&nbsp; dead within a decade and whose names are not worth&nbsp; lingering on. He was twenty-three years old at the&nbsp;&nbsp; time of the transfer, and the records from that&nbsp; period describe him in the purely functional&nbsp;&nbsp; language of the transaction: male, approximately&nbsp; twenty-three years, strong build, capable in field&nbsp;&nbsp; and domestic work, good health, good temperament. That last phrase — good temperament — appears&nbsp;&nbsp; in plantation records of this&nbsp; era with a specific meaning.&nbsp; It meant compliant. It meant manageable. It meant&nbsp; that the individual in question had demonstrated&nbsp;&nbsp; no visible disposition toward resistance, no&nbsp; pattern of behavior that would require heightened&nbsp;&nbsp; surveillance or additional physical control. What the records could not capture — what no&nbsp;&nbsp; record of that kind was designed to capture&nbsp; — was the difference between a person who&nbsp;&nbsp; was genuinely resigned and a person who had&nbsp; made a strategic decision about what to show.&nbsp; Elias had made that decision early and&nbsp; held to it with extraordinary discipline.&nbsp; He had grown up on a Georgetown County estate&nbsp; where the overseer was a volatile man named&nbsp;&nbsp; Prescott who distributed punishment with the&nbsp; unpredictability of someone who understood that&nbsp;&nbsp; fear was more sustainable than any consistent&nbsp; rule. Elias had watched, from early childhood,&nbsp;&nbsp; what happened to people who gave Prescott&nbsp; a reason. He had watched what happened to&nbsp;&nbsp; the ones who argued, the ones who resisted&nbsp; visibly, the ones whose frustration showed&nbsp;&nbsp; in their faces at the wrong moment. He&nbsp; had also watched — and this mattered&nbsp;&nbsp; more — what happened to the ones who didn't. The ones who survived intact were not always&nbsp;&nbsp; the fastest workers or the strongest. They were&nbsp; the ones who understood the emotional architecture&nbsp;&nbsp; of the world they were living inside, who could&nbsp; read a man's mood from twenty yards, who knew&nbsp;&nbsp; when to make themselves useful and when to make&nbsp; themselves invisible, who understood that the most&nbsp;&nbsp; dangerous thing in that environment was not labor&nbsp; or punishment but unpredictability — and that the&nbsp;&nbsp; antidote to unpredictability was information. Know what people need. Know what they fear.&nbsp;&nbsp; Know what they want to believe&nbsp; about themselves. Move accordingly.&nbsp; This was not a philosophy Elias had articulated&nbsp; to himself in those terms. It was something deeper&nbsp;&nbsp; than philosophy — it was the learned structure&nbsp; of survival, absorbed over years of observation,&nbsp;&nbsp; refined through consequence. By the&nbsp; time he arrived at Calloway Plantation,&nbsp;&nbsp; it operated in him as naturally as breathing. Edmund Calloway, for all his considerable&nbsp;&nbsp; social pretensions, was not a man who made the&nbsp; study of other people's inner lives a priority.&nbsp;&nbsp; He looked at Elias and saw what the records&nbsp; told him to see: a capable, manageable man.&nbsp;&nbsp; He assigned him accordingly — field work in&nbsp; the mornings, occasional domestic assistance&nbsp;&nbsp; during the plantation's frequent entertaining&nbsp; periods, stable work when the horses required it.&nbsp; What Edmund did not see — what none of the white&nbsp; residents of Calloway Plantation saw, because none&nbsp;&nbsp; of them were looking for it — was what Elias&nbsp; was doing during those domestic assignments.&nbsp; He was listening. Not in any dramatic or conspicuous&nbsp;&nbsp; way. Not by hovering near conversations or&nbsp; positioning himself strategically near closed&nbsp;&nbsp; doors. He was simply present, the way people in&nbsp; his position were always present in houses like&nbsp;&nbsp; that one — present and presumed not to hear,&nbsp; presumed not to understand the implications&nbsp;&nbsp; of what was discussed, presumed to be, in&nbsp; some operational sense, not entirely there.&nbsp; It was an extraordinary gift that the world's&nbsp; arrogance had handed him without meaning to.&nbsp; The first thing Elias understood about Calloway&nbsp; Plantation was its financial structure. Not&nbsp;&nbsp; because anyone explained it to him, but because&nbsp; money anxiety has a particular texture in&nbsp;&nbsp; conversation and he had learned to recognize it.&nbsp; The way Edmund talked about the Charleston factors&nbsp;&nbsp; — the merchants who handled the sale of rice and&nbsp; advanced credit against future crops — carried a&nbsp;&nbsp; slight tightness when certain names came up. The&nbsp; way he changed the subject when the conversation&nbsp;&nbsp; turned toward specific numbers. The way his&nbsp; wife, Margaret, asked questions about household&nbsp;&nbsp; expenditure that Edmund deflected with a performed&nbsp; casualness that was itself a kind of answer.&nbsp; By eighteen forty-five, three years into his&nbsp; time at Calloway, Elias had assembled a fairly&nbsp;&nbsp; precise picture of the plantation's financial&nbsp; condition. He could not have articulated the&nbsp;&nbsp; legal specifics of the credit arrangements&nbsp; — he did not have access to the documents&nbsp;&nbsp; themselves — but he understood the shape of the&nbsp; problem. Edmund was spending against expectations&nbsp;&nbsp; that the land had not yet met and might not&nbsp; meet. The margin was narrowing. And Edmund,&nbsp;&nbsp; rather than contracting in response, was expanding&nbsp; his social performance, as though the display of&nbsp;&nbsp; confidence could substitute for its substance. This was useful information.&nbsp; Elias filed it away with the patience of&nbsp; a man who did not yet know exactly how it&nbsp;&nbsp; would become useful, but who understood — with&nbsp; the clarity of someone who had never had the&nbsp;&nbsp; luxury of assuming the future would resemble the&nbsp; present — that the structure of the world around&nbsp;&nbsp; him was not permanent, and that the cracks in&nbsp; permanent-seeming structures were worth knowing. There is a particular kind of loneliness&nbsp; that does not announce itself.&nbsp; It does not manifest in obvious isolation or&nbsp; visible distress. It moves through the world in&nbsp;&nbsp; well-maintained clothing and composed expressions&nbsp; and the practiced language of social expectation.&nbsp;&nbsp; It appears at dinner tables and church services&nbsp; and on the long porches of plantation houses where&nbsp;&nbsp; the heat of afternoon makes sitting still feel&nbsp; like an accomplishment, and it says the right&nbsp;&nbsp; things about crops and weather and the behavior of&nbsp; children, and it watches from somewhere behind the&nbsp;&nbsp; eyes as the days proceed in their appointed&nbsp; order toward no particular destination.&nbsp; The women of Colleton County's planter&nbsp; class were not, as a category, stupid.&nbsp; Several of them were, by any fair assessment,&nbsp; more intelligent than the men they had married.&nbsp;&nbsp; Several of them managed household economies of&nbsp; genuine complexity — labor systems, supply chains,&nbsp;&nbsp; food production, medical triage, conflict&nbsp; resolution — with an administrative competence&nbsp;&nbsp; that would have been recognized and compensated&nbsp; as professional skill in any other context.&nbsp;&nbsp; They understood the social mechanics&nbsp; of their world with a precision that&nbsp;&nbsp; came from having no power within it and&nbsp; therefore needing to map it perfectly.&nbsp; What they lacked was not intelligence.&nbsp; What they lacked was anyone who noticed.&nbsp; This matters because it is what created&nbsp; the conditions for what happened next.&nbsp; The first woman who began to notice Elias — not&nbsp; in the way the plantation broadsheet would later&nbsp;&nbsp; imply, not in the way that subsequent gossip&nbsp; would characterize, but in the specific sense&nbsp;&nbsp; of actually observing him as a person capable of&nbsp; perception — was a woman named Dorothea Pryce.&nbsp; Dorothea Pryce was thirty-six years old, the wife&nbsp; of a rice planter named Calhoun Pryce who owned&nbsp;&nbsp; land adjacent to Calloway's northern boundary. She&nbsp; visited the Calloway house regularly for the kind&nbsp;&nbsp; of social exchange that maintained the relational&nbsp; infrastructure of the planter community — calls,&nbsp;&nbsp; dinners, the shared management of social&nbsp; obligations that women handled because&nbsp;&nbsp; men found them tiresome. What brought Dorothea into&nbsp;&nbsp; contact with Elias specifically was a horse. In the spring of eighteen forty-eight, Dorothea&nbsp;&nbsp; had ridden to the Calloway house on a mare&nbsp; that was, by the time she arrived, showing&nbsp;&nbsp; clear signs of having been pushed too hard in the&nbsp; heat. The animal was distressed — not critically,&nbsp;&nbsp; but visibly. The stable hand assigned to receive&nbsp; the horse was young and uncertain, and Elias,&nbsp;&nbsp; passing through the stable yard with a different&nbsp; errand, saw the situation and made a decision that&nbsp;&nbsp; was, in the context of the social rules governing&nbsp; his world, slightly transgressive. He intervened.&nbsp;&nbsp; He took the mare, spoke to the stable&nbsp; hand briefly about what needed to be done,&nbsp;&nbsp; and began cooling the animal himself with the&nbsp; practiced attention of someone who understood&nbsp;&nbsp; horses as animals rather than equipment. Dorothea watched this.&nbsp; She watched for several minutes from the stable&nbsp; yard entrance while the mare gradually calmed,&nbsp;&nbsp; and at the end of that time she said, to no&nbsp; one in particular, that she was grateful.&nbsp;&nbsp; Not in the performative way one expressed&nbsp; gratitude to an enslaved person as acknowledgment&nbsp;&nbsp; of a service rendered. She said it quietly, in&nbsp; the manner of someone saying something true.&nbsp; Elias had looked up briefly, said that the mare&nbsp; would be fine, and returned to what he was doing.&nbsp; That small exchange — thirty seconds, perhaps,&nbsp; in an otherwise unremarkable afternoon — lodged&nbsp;&nbsp; in Dorothea Pryce's memory in a way she&nbsp; would not have been able to fully explain.&nbsp; It was not what he had said. It was the&nbsp; quality of his attention. The way he had&nbsp;&nbsp; assessed the animal's distress and moved without&nbsp; hesitation toward correction. The complete&nbsp;&nbsp; absence of performance — no overselling of his&nbsp; competence, no sideways glance toward approval,&nbsp;&nbsp; no inflation of the moment into something&nbsp; it needed to be. He had simply seen what&nbsp;&nbsp; needed doing and done it, with the quiet&nbsp; confidence of someone for whom that was enough.&nbsp; Dorothea had not encountered that&nbsp; quality in a great many people.&nbsp; Over the following years, she would have occasion&nbsp; to observe it again, in different contexts, with&nbsp;&nbsp; different stakes. She would begin — gradually,&nbsp; in the way one begins to understand something&nbsp;&nbsp; that has no safe language for articulation — to&nbsp; pay attention to what Elias paid attention to,&nbsp;&nbsp; and to find, in that secondary observation, a&nbsp; map of the social world around her that she had&nbsp;&nbsp; not previously had access to. She was not the only one.&nbsp; Martha Beaumont had come to Colleton County&nbsp; through her marriage to a land speculator&nbsp;&nbsp; named Francis Beaumont who had moved to&nbsp; the region from Virginia with ambitions&nbsp;&nbsp; that exceeded his capital and a social confidence&nbsp; that exceeded both. Francis Beaumont was charming&nbsp;&nbsp; in the way of men who have learned that charm is&nbsp; a useful substitute for substance, and Martha,&nbsp;&nbsp; who had married him at nineteen and discovered&nbsp; the substitution by twenty-one, had spent&nbsp;&nbsp; the subsequent decade managing the emotional&nbsp; consequences of that discovery with a composure&nbsp;&nbsp; that she maintained through sheer force of will. She was thirty-one years old when the events&nbsp;&nbsp; of this story begin to accelerate, and she had&nbsp; developed, through years of managing an unstable&nbsp;&nbsp; household on insufficient resources, a financial&nbsp; literacy that her husband would have resented if&nbsp;&nbsp; he'd known the depth of it. She understood&nbsp; interest rates. She understood the structure&nbsp;&nbsp; of debt. She understood what the language of the&nbsp; Charleston factors' letters actually meant when&nbsp;&nbsp; their tone shifted from accommodating to formal. What Martha Beaumont also understood — and this&nbsp;&nbsp; is important — was that the women around her were&nbsp; sitting on more useful economic intelligence than&nbsp;&nbsp; any of the men in their lives realized, because&nbsp; women discussed things with each other that men&nbsp;&nbsp; considered beneath formal notice, and those&nbsp; things added up to a fairly precise picture of&nbsp;&nbsp; who was solvent and who was performing solvency. The third woman was different from both of these,&nbsp;&nbsp; and her entrance into this story comes&nbsp; later. Her name was Cecelia Morrow,&nbsp;&nbsp; and she was not from Colleton County, and she will&nbsp; require her own introduction when the time comes. What Elias began to accumulate over the years&nbsp; between eighteen forty-eight and eighteen&nbsp;&nbsp; fifty-two was not, strictly speaking, a network. He had not designed it. He had not recruited&nbsp;&nbsp; anyone. He had not made propositions or&nbsp; arrangements or requests. What he had done was&nbsp;&nbsp; something both simpler and more sophisticated:&nbsp; he had been consistently, reliably, genuinely&nbsp;&nbsp; present in the way that the women around him found&nbsp; rare enough to notice and safe enough to repeat.&nbsp; He remembered things. This sounds simple. It was not.&nbsp; When Dorothea Pryce mentioned, in passing, during&nbsp; a visit to the Calloway stable in the summer&nbsp;&nbsp; of eighteen forty-nine, that her husband was&nbsp; concerned about the survey markers on the northern&nbsp;&nbsp; property line, Elias made no immediate response.&nbsp; But six months later, when she came again,&nbsp;&nbsp; and the same concern resurfaced in a slightly&nbsp; different form — a reference to a conversation&nbsp;&nbsp; between her husband and a neighbor that had ended&nbsp; coldly — Elias connected the two moments quietly&nbsp;&nbsp; and asked, in the careful, neutral language he&nbsp; had developed for navigating these exchanges,&nbsp;&nbsp; whether the boundary question had been resolved. Dorothea had stopped walking.&nbsp; She had looked at him for a moment with an&nbsp; expression that was difficult to read — something&nbsp;&nbsp; between surprise and a more complex recognition. She said no. It had not been resolved.&nbsp; And then, because he had asked in a way that&nbsp; indicated he had actually retained the earlier&nbsp;&nbsp; conversation — that it had mattered enough&nbsp; to him to hold — she told him more than she&nbsp;&nbsp; had told her husband. She told him about the&nbsp; competing survey records. About the neighbor&nbsp;&nbsp; who was quietly acquiring options on surrounding&nbsp; parcels. About the pattern she had observed but&nbsp;&nbsp; not been able to confirm, because the men in&nbsp; her life treated her observations as social&nbsp;&nbsp; commentary rather than strategic intelligence. Elias listened to all of it without interruption.&nbsp; He asked two questions. Both of them were&nbsp; specific, and both of them reframed her account&nbsp;&nbsp; in ways that helped her see it more clearly. When she left that afternoon, she had the unusual&nbsp;&nbsp; sensation of having been taken seriously. Understand what this created.&nbsp; Not loyalty in any dramatic or revolutionary&nbsp; sense. Not alliance or conspiracy. Something&nbsp;&nbsp; quieter, and in its way more powerful: the&nbsp; sensation that someone in her world was&nbsp;&nbsp; actually listening. That her observations were&nbsp; being received as what they were — accurate,&nbsp;&nbsp; intelligent assessments of a situation — rather&nbsp; than deflected, minimized, or condescended to.&nbsp; In a world where women of her class were&nbsp; systematically denied the experience of being&nbsp;&nbsp; taken seriously, that sensation was not trivial.&nbsp; It was not something she could discuss openly,&nbsp;&nbsp; or analyze safely, or explain to anyone&nbsp; who might understand. But it was real,&nbsp;&nbsp; and it shaped her behavior in the months&nbsp; and years that followed in ways that she&nbsp;&nbsp; herself might not have fully articulated. She began, without conscious design,&nbsp;&nbsp; to share more. Not strategically.&nbsp;&nbsp; Not with the deliberate intention of providing&nbsp; him with useful intelligence. But in the way&nbsp;&nbsp; that people share with the rare individuals in&nbsp; their lives who actually hear them — freely,&nbsp;&nbsp; in detail, with the unconscious trust that&nbsp; the information will be held carefully.&nbsp; Martha Beaumont arrived at a similar&nbsp; place through a different door.&nbsp; In the winter of eighteen fifty, Martha&nbsp; had come to the Calloway house during a&nbsp;&nbsp; period of particular financial stress in&nbsp; her own household. Francis Beaumont had&nbsp;&nbsp; made a speculative commitment to a land&nbsp; purchase that had subsequently collapsed,&nbsp;&nbsp; and the resulting pressure on their finances&nbsp; had created conditions at home that Martha&nbsp;&nbsp; was managing alone because Francis,&nbsp; characteristically, was handling it by not&nbsp;&nbsp; handling it — by projecting confidence in public&nbsp; while retreating from accountability in private.&nbsp; On the afternoon in question, Martha arrived&nbsp; at the Calloway house in a state of composed&nbsp;&nbsp; distress — that particular condition where&nbsp; the composure and the distress are both fully&nbsp;&nbsp; present and neither one entirely wins —&nbsp; and spent the social call with Margaret&nbsp;&nbsp; Calloway in the manner required by occasion. It was afterward, in the long waiting period&nbsp;&nbsp; while her carriage was prepared, that&nbsp; she encountered Elias in the main hall.&nbsp; She had not intended to speak to anyone. But the&nbsp; composed distress had spent most of the afternoon&nbsp;&nbsp; pressing against its container, and when Elias&nbsp; asked, with the quiet observational accuracy&nbsp;&nbsp; that had by then become something Dorothea&nbsp; had mentioned to her in passing, whether she&nbsp;&nbsp; needed anything before her carriage came — not&nbsp; whether she needed water or a chair, but whether&nbsp;&nbsp; she needed anything — something in the phrasing&nbsp; gave her momentary access to the actual answer.&nbsp; She had said, before she entirely intended to:&nbsp; that she needed someone to tell her whether&nbsp;&nbsp; what she was looking at in her husband's&nbsp; accounts was what she thought it was,&nbsp;&nbsp; or whether she was misreading the situation. Elias had not answered immediately. He had held&nbsp;&nbsp; the question for a moment in the silence that&nbsp; was one of his most consistent characteristics,&nbsp;&nbsp; and then he had said — carefully, in the&nbsp; language of someone who understood exactly&nbsp;&nbsp; which boundaries he was navigating — that he&nbsp; was not a man with access to legal documents.&nbsp;&nbsp; But that if she wanted to describe what&nbsp; she was seeing, he was willing to listen.&nbsp; She had described it. And when she was finished,&nbsp;&nbsp; Elias had said, quietly, that what she was&nbsp; describing sounded consistent with a pattern&nbsp;&nbsp; in the credit arrangements he had observed among&nbsp; several of the estates in the county. He did not&nbsp;&nbsp; name names. He was precise about the limits of&nbsp; what he knew. But he organized her account into&nbsp;&nbsp; a structure that made the situation clearer,&nbsp; and he told her — and this was the thing she&nbsp;&nbsp; remembered — that what she was doing, tracking&nbsp; the accounts herself, was the right thing to do,&nbsp;&nbsp; and that she should keep the records somewhere&nbsp; her husband did not have immediate access to.&nbsp; Martha Beaumont left that afternoon with&nbsp; two things she had not arrived with:&nbsp;&nbsp; a clearer picture of her situation, and the&nbsp; unsettling awareness that the clearest thinking&nbsp;&nbsp; she had encountered on the subject had come&nbsp; from a man the law categorized as property.&nbsp; She did not discuss this awareness with anyone. But she kept the records. By the spring of eighteen fifty-two, the&nbsp; financial structure of Edmund Calloway's&nbsp;&nbsp; plantation had developed in the direction&nbsp; Elias had anticipated nearly seven years&nbsp;&nbsp; earlier, and had done so with the particular&nbsp; acceleration that happens when a man begins&nbsp;&nbsp; borrowing against projections rather than yields. The rice harvests of eighteen fifty and eighteen&nbsp;&nbsp; fifty-one had been adequate but not exceptional.&nbsp; The weather had cooperated in some respects&nbsp;&nbsp; and not in others. The factor in Charleston who&nbsp; managed the sale of Calloway's crop and advanced&nbsp;&nbsp; credit against it — a man named Hartwell, whose&nbsp; letters to Edmund had shifted, over the preceding&nbsp;&nbsp; two years, from the warm collaborative register&nbsp; of commercial partnership to the more precise&nbsp;&nbsp; and slightly cooler register of someone managing&nbsp; a relationship that had become complicated — had&nbsp;&nbsp; begun attaching conditions to advances that&nbsp; Edmund had not faced in previous years.&nbsp; This was the language of a creditor beginning&nbsp; to distinguish between a client and a risk.&nbsp; Edmund, who read these letters with the&nbsp; interpretive generosity of a man who needed&nbsp;&nbsp; them to say something other than what they were&nbsp; saying, had not adjusted his behavior accordingly.&nbsp; He had, instead, hosted three large social&nbsp; occasions in the spring of eighteen fifty-two, had&nbsp;&nbsp; purchased two new horses at a price that the&nbsp; Hartwell account could not comfortably absorb, and&nbsp;&nbsp; had entered into a conversation with a neighboring&nbsp; planter about a potential land acquisition on&nbsp;&nbsp; the Combahee River that would have required a&nbsp; cash commitment he was not positioned to make.&nbsp; The conversation about the land acquisition had&nbsp; reached Elias through a route that illustrated,&nbsp;&nbsp; as clearly as anything in this story,&nbsp; how information moved through a world&nbsp;&nbsp; that assumed certain people weren't listening. Edmund had discussed the Combahee proposition&nbsp;&nbsp; with two other men at a dinner at the Calloway&nbsp; house in March of eighteen fifty-two. The dinner&nbsp;&nbsp; had been served by women from the household who&nbsp; were present throughout the conversation and who,&nbsp;&nbsp; later that evening, spoke with each other in the&nbsp; way people speak at the end of a long workday —&nbsp;&nbsp; openly, without guarding every word, with the&nbsp; particular candor that comes from exhaustion.&nbsp; One of those women was named Hattie, and she&nbsp; had been on the Calloway plantation for fourteen&nbsp;&nbsp; years, and she spoke with Elias, as she often&nbsp; did in the evenings, without particular ceremony.&nbsp; She mentioned what she had heard at the dinner. Not because she thought it was strategic&nbsp;&nbsp; intelligence. Not because she had any particular&nbsp; plan. But because the conversation had involved&nbsp;&nbsp; men making large decisions about land and money&nbsp; in voices that felt very confident, and because&nbsp;&nbsp; that confidence — the complete absence of doubt in&nbsp; men who were, as she and everyone around her could&nbsp;&nbsp; see, not entirely in command of what they thought&nbsp; they were in command of — had struck her as the&nbsp;&nbsp; particular kind of foolishness that tends to&nbsp; precede very bad outcomes, and she thought Elias,&nbsp;&nbsp; who she had noticed paid more attention to&nbsp; these things than most, might want to know.&nbsp; Elias had listened without expression. He had thanked her.&nbsp; He had held what she told him alongside everything&nbsp; else he had accumulated over the previous years,&nbsp;&nbsp; and in the quiet of the following several&nbsp; weeks, he had done something he had been doing,&nbsp;&nbsp; in his own way, for most of his adult&nbsp; life: he had tried to see the structure.&nbsp; Not the surface of the thing — the confidence,&nbsp; the horses, the dinner parties, the letters&nbsp;&nbsp; from Hartwell. The structure. The shape of what&nbsp; was actually happening beneath the performance.&nbsp; What he saw was this: Edmund Calloway was not a man facing temporary&nbsp;&nbsp; difficulty. He was a man facing a reckoning. The&nbsp; timeline was not yet clear, but the direction was.&nbsp;&nbsp; The factor in Charleston was losing patience.&nbsp; The neighboring planter whose land Edmund&nbsp;&nbsp; wanted to buy was not going to extend the kind&nbsp; of credit the acquisition required. The social&nbsp;&nbsp; performance Edmund was sustaining was not creating&nbsp; goodwill that could be converted into financial&nbsp;&nbsp; assistance — it was creating the impression of&nbsp; a man who didn't need help, which meant help,&nbsp;&nbsp; when it became necessary, would arrive too late. At some point in the next twelve to eighteen&nbsp;&nbsp; months, Edmund Calloway was&nbsp; going to need to sell something.&nbsp; And when he did, he was going to&nbsp; sell whatever was most valuable.&nbsp; Elias sat with this knowledge for a long time. He said nothing to anyone about&nbsp;&nbsp; what he believed was coming. He continued working. He continued&nbsp;&nbsp; listening. He continued, in the interactions that&nbsp; had by now become established patterns, being&nbsp;&nbsp; present for Dorothea Pryce and Martha Beaumont&nbsp; in the precise way he had always been present:&nbsp;&nbsp; attentive, careful, genuinely interested,&nbsp; holding what they told him with the respect&nbsp;&nbsp; of someone who understood that their intelligence&nbsp; was real even if no one else in their world was&nbsp;&nbsp; treating it that way. And he waited. She arrived in Colleton County in the autumn of&nbsp; eighteen fifty-two, and her arrival, in itself,&nbsp;&nbsp; was unusual enough to generate&nbsp; the kind of sustained commentary&nbsp;&nbsp; that settled communities generate around&nbsp; anything that resists easy categorization.&nbsp; Cecelia Morrow was forty-three years old. She was&nbsp; a widow — her husband, a factor and land investor&nbsp;&nbsp; named Thomas Morrow, had died in eighteen&nbsp; forty-nine leaving an estate that was, by the&nbsp;&nbsp; accounts available, considerably more substantial&nbsp; than most people expected a factor to accumulate.&nbsp;&nbsp; She had come from Charleston, where she&nbsp; had lived for most of her adult life,&nbsp;&nbsp; and she had come with the particular&nbsp; self-possession of a woman who had spent years&nbsp;&nbsp; managing money in a city where money was taken&nbsp; seriously, and who had no remaining reason to&nbsp;&nbsp; perform anything other than exactly who she was. She was not beautiful in the conventional way of&nbsp;&nbsp; the period's social ideal. She was striking&nbsp; — composed, alert, with a quality of focused&nbsp;&nbsp; attention that made people slightly uncertain&nbsp; about what she was actually thinking. She spoke&nbsp;&nbsp; less than most women in her social position&nbsp; were expected to speak. When she did speak,&nbsp;&nbsp; people tended to listen, which she had noticed and&nbsp; continued to notice as useful information about&nbsp;&nbsp; how much had been said in those previous silences. The story she gave for her arrival in Colleton&nbsp;&nbsp; County was the true one, which was also,&nbsp; conveniently, the least interesting version:&nbsp;&nbsp; she had an interest in land investment in the&nbsp; low country, she had family connections in the&nbsp;&nbsp; Beaufort area that made the region&nbsp; comfortable for her, and she was,&nbsp;&nbsp; at this point in her life, in a position to move&nbsp; freely and had decided to exercise that freedom&nbsp;&nbsp; in a direction with favorable long-term returns. What the story did not include — not because she&nbsp;&nbsp; was hiding it, but because no one asked the right&nbsp; question — was the degree to which she had already&nbsp;&nbsp; been watching the financial condition of several&nbsp; Colleton County estates before she arrived. Her&nbsp;&nbsp; late husband's network of factors and creditors&nbsp; had given her, over the years of their marriage&nbsp;&nbsp; and the three years since his death, a view&nbsp; into the economic structure of the low country's&nbsp;&nbsp; planter class that most people in Colleton County&nbsp; would have been startled to know she possessed.&nbsp; She knew about Hartwell's increasing&nbsp; caution toward the Calloway account.&nbsp; She knew about the land&nbsp; acquisition that hadn't happened.&nbsp; She knew about the horses. She had been watching Edmund&nbsp;&nbsp; Calloway the way a careful investor watches a&nbsp; position that is approaching a threshold — not&nbsp;&nbsp; yet at the point of action, but close enough&nbsp; that the preparations for action needed to begin.&nbsp; Cecelia Morrow was, to be precise about&nbsp; it, prepared to buy Edmund Calloway's debt.&nbsp; Not his land. Not his crops. His debt&nbsp; — the obligations he owed to Hartwell,&nbsp;&nbsp; the credit arrangements that had been advanced&nbsp; against future yields, the accumulated liability&nbsp;&nbsp; that, called at the right moment, would&nbsp; put Edmund Calloway in a position from&nbsp;&nbsp; which social performance could not rescue him. Purchasing debt of this kind was not unusual in&nbsp;&nbsp; the period. Factors transferred obligations&nbsp; between themselves as a matter of routine&nbsp;&nbsp; commerce. The unusual element was the identity&nbsp; of the purchaser — a woman, acting independently,&nbsp;&nbsp; without a male agent managing the transaction.&nbsp; This was not impossible in South Carolina,&nbsp;&nbsp; where the legal framework for women's property&nbsp; rights was somewhat more permissive than in&nbsp;&nbsp; other states, but it was uncommon enough that&nbsp; the mechanics required careful management.&nbsp; Cecelia Morrow had been managing&nbsp; careful mechanics for twenty years.&nbsp; She arrived at the first social occasion&nbsp; to which she was invited — a dinner at the&nbsp;&nbsp; house of a county magistrate named Pelham,&nbsp; in October of eighteen fifty-two — and she&nbsp;&nbsp; observed everything. She watched Edmund Calloway&nbsp; perform his confidence with the fluency of a man&nbsp;&nbsp; who had been doing it so long he no longer noticed&nbsp; the performance. She watched his wife, Margaret,&nbsp;&nbsp; with the slightly fixed expression of a woman&nbsp; who was monitoring multiple things at once. She&nbsp;&nbsp; noted who spoke to whom and about what, and what&nbsp; was not said, and what the deliberate omissions&nbsp;&nbsp; indicated about the structure of the room. She was introduced, eventually, to Dorothea Pryce.&nbsp; This was, in retrospect, the beginning&nbsp; of the next phase of the story.&nbsp; The two women spoke for perhaps forty minutes at&nbsp; the edge of that first evening, in the unhurried&nbsp;&nbsp; manner of people who are both assessing&nbsp; and being assessed, and by the end of it,&nbsp;&nbsp; Cecelia had determined three things: Dorothea&nbsp; was genuinely intelligent, Dorothea was observant&nbsp;&nbsp; in ways she didn't entirely trust in herself,&nbsp; and Dorothea knew something about the Calloway&nbsp;&nbsp; situation that she was not yet saying. Dorothea, for her part, had determined&nbsp;&nbsp; that the woman from Charleston was not&nbsp; here for the reasons she had given,&nbsp;&nbsp; and that whatever the actual reasons were,&nbsp; they were likely to be more interesting.&nbsp; They met again the following week for&nbsp; what was described as a social call.&nbsp; It was, in fact, an extremely&nbsp; precise exchange of intelligence. The exchange between Dorothea Pryce and Cecelia&nbsp; Morrow over the autumn and early winter of&nbsp;&nbsp; eighteen fifty-two occupied several conversations,&nbsp; conducted with the social indirection that the&nbsp;&nbsp; period and the context required, but consistently&nbsp; precise in substance beneath the surface register.&nbsp; Dorothea told Cecelia what she knew about Edmund&nbsp; Calloway's finances — not in the language of&nbsp;&nbsp; financial analysis, which she did not entirely&nbsp; have, but in the observational language she had&nbsp;&nbsp; developed over years of paying attention:&nbsp; the changed tenor of the Hartwell letters,&nbsp;&nbsp; the horses, the dinner entertainments that&nbsp; seemed proportionate to the income of a man&nbsp;&nbsp; who was doing considerably better than&nbsp; the harvest records suggested, the land&nbsp;&nbsp; acquisition conversation that had gone quiet. She also told Cecelia — and this was the part&nbsp;&nbsp; that shifted the conversation into&nbsp; a different register — about Elias.&nbsp; Not in the way the subsequent gossip would&nbsp; characterize it. Not with any romantic or&nbsp;&nbsp; sensational framing. She told Cecelia in the&nbsp; careful, precise language of a woman reporting&nbsp;&nbsp; an observation that she had not entirely been&nbsp; able to account for: that there was a man on the&nbsp;&nbsp; Calloway plantation whose quality of attention was&nbsp; unlike anything she had encountered, who had been&nbsp;&nbsp; accumulating a picture of the county's financial&nbsp; structure over years of listening, and who had,&nbsp;&nbsp; on at least two occasions she was aware of,&nbsp; offered analysis that was more useful than&nbsp;&nbsp; anything available through conventional channels. Cecelia had listened to this without expression.&nbsp; She had asked, then, a single&nbsp; question: what did Elias want.&nbsp; Dorothea had been quiet for a moment. She said that she did not believe he&nbsp;&nbsp; wanted anything in the transactional sense of&nbsp; the word. That wanting things in that sense was,&nbsp;&nbsp; in their world, a luxury afforded primarily&nbsp; to people whose position allowed them to&nbsp;&nbsp; pursue wants. But that she believed&nbsp; — and she said this carefully, in the&nbsp;&nbsp; way of someone testing the limits of available&nbsp; language — that he was watching, and waiting,&nbsp;&nbsp; and that he understood something about the&nbsp; situation that no one around him had yet named.&nbsp; Cecelia Morrow had looked&nbsp; out the window for a moment.&nbsp; Then she had said: she would like to meet him. This required management. The social mechanics&nbsp;&nbsp; of arranging for a woman of Cecelia's class&nbsp; to have a substantive conversation with&nbsp;&nbsp; an enslaved man on someone else's plantation&nbsp; were not simple. The forms had to be observed.&nbsp;&nbsp; The occasion had to be the right kind of&nbsp; occasion. The conversation, if it happened&nbsp;&nbsp; at all, had to happen in a context that was&nbsp; explainable and unremarkable to any observer.&nbsp; It happened three weeks later, during a visit&nbsp; Cecelia paid to the Calloway plantation in the&nbsp;&nbsp; company of Dorothea — a visit framed as a social&nbsp; call on Margaret Calloway, which it also was — in&nbsp;&nbsp; the stable yard, during the period when carriages&nbsp; were being managed, when Cecelia had asked,&nbsp;&nbsp; with the careful casualness of someone who&nbsp; knew exactly what she was doing, whether&nbsp;&nbsp; the man attending her horse could recommend&nbsp; anything specific for the long return drive.&nbsp; It was a thin pretext. It was also enough. Elias had looked at her once, briefly,&nbsp;&nbsp; with an assessment that Cecelia recognized&nbsp; because she used the same kind of assessment&nbsp;&nbsp; herself — direct, rapid, genuinely evaluative&nbsp; rather than performative — and then he had&nbsp;&nbsp; addressed her question about the road with the&nbsp; complete attentiveness he brought to everything.&nbsp; They had spoken for perhaps six minutes. In six minutes, Cecelia Morrow understood several&nbsp;&nbsp; things. She understood that Dorothea's account&nbsp; had been accurate and probably understated.&nbsp;&nbsp; She understood that Elias had a picture of&nbsp; the Calloway financial situation that was,&nbsp;&nbsp; in its outlines, consistent with her own. And she&nbsp; understood — with the clarity of someone who had&nbsp;&nbsp; spent decades in commercial environments where&nbsp; the critical skill was distinguishing between&nbsp;&nbsp; intelligence and performance — that she was&nbsp; speaking with someone who was doing neither.&nbsp; He was not performing competence.&nbsp; He was not performing intelligence.&nbsp;&nbsp; He was simply competent and intelligent,&nbsp; in the way of a person who has spent their&nbsp;&nbsp; entire life in conditions where pretending to&nbsp; be something you are not is considerably more&nbsp;&nbsp; dangerous than being exactly what you are. She left that afternoon with the quiet&nbsp;&nbsp; satisfaction of a woman whose thesis&nbsp; had been confirmed by the evidence. The winter of eighteen fifty-two&nbsp; into eighteen fifty-three was&nbsp;&nbsp; the period during which Cecelia&nbsp; Morrow made her financial moves,&nbsp;&nbsp; and she made them with a patience and precision&nbsp; that would not be fully visible until September.&nbsp; Through a series of transactions managed through&nbsp; a Charleston attorney named Graves — a man of&nbsp;&nbsp; impeccable discretion who had worked&nbsp; with Thomas Morrow for fifteen years&nbsp;&nbsp; and understood the value of not asking questions&nbsp; that hadn't been asked of him — Cecelia acquired&nbsp;&nbsp; a significant portion of Edmund Calloway's&nbsp; outstanding obligation to the factor Hartwell.&nbsp; This was not a dramatic transaction. It did not&nbsp; announce itself. From Hartwell's perspective,&nbsp;&nbsp; it was a straightforward business arrangement:&nbsp; he was moving a debt instrument that had become,&nbsp;&nbsp; in his assessment, a somewhat elevated risk, and&nbsp; he was receiving payment for it from a buyer who&nbsp;&nbsp; was apparently willing to absorb that risk at a&nbsp; price that made the transaction worth his while.&nbsp; The buyer was listed in the paperwork&nbsp; under the name of the Morrow Estate Trust,&nbsp;&nbsp; which was a legal entity Cecelia had&nbsp; established through Graves following&nbsp;&nbsp; Thomas Morrow's death and which was, for all&nbsp; purposes relevant to this transaction, invisible.&nbsp; Edmund Calloway did not know&nbsp; his debt had changed hands.&nbsp; This was not unusual. Credit instruments of&nbsp; this kind transferred between factors with&nbsp;&nbsp; some regularity, and the notifications to the&nbsp; debtor were often delayed, particularly when&nbsp;&nbsp; the transferring factor had reasons — as Hartwell&nbsp; did — to keep the transition quiet until the new&nbsp;&nbsp; creditor was ready to make contact. Hartwell was not going to be&nbsp;&nbsp; the one who told Edmund. Cecelia was not ready yet.&nbsp; She spent the months of January through&nbsp; July of eighteen fifty-three doing three&nbsp;&nbsp; things simultaneously, all of which she&nbsp; managed with the composure of someone&nbsp;&nbsp; who has been managing multiple things&nbsp; simultaneously for her entire adult life.&nbsp; She continued her social integration into&nbsp; Colleton County — attending occasions,&nbsp;&nbsp; extending and receiving calls, developing the&nbsp; relational fabric that would eventually make her&nbsp;&nbsp; actions legible as those of a community&nbsp; member rather than an outside agent.&nbsp; She deepened her conversations with Dorothea&nbsp; Pryce and, increasingly, with Martha Beaumont,&nbsp;&nbsp; who Dorothea had brought into the exchange&nbsp; with the instinct of someone who understood&nbsp;&nbsp; that Martha's financial literacy was a&nbsp; resource worth including. The three women&nbsp;&nbsp; had by the spring of eighteen fifty-three&nbsp; developed a shared picture of the county's&nbsp;&nbsp; economic situation that was, collectively,&nbsp; more accurate than anything available to&nbsp;&nbsp; the men whose fortunes they were observing. And through the careful mechanics she had&nbsp;&nbsp; established — the stable yard conversations, the&nbsp; moments of exchange that never lasted long enough&nbsp;&nbsp; to become conspicuous but that were, cumulatively,&nbsp; sustained enough to be substantive — she&nbsp;&nbsp; had continued her contact with Elias. She had not told him what she was doing.&nbsp;&nbsp; She did not make proposals or arrangements.&nbsp; She asked questions and listened carefully,&nbsp;&nbsp; and she told him, with the directness she brought&nbsp; to everything, that she thought what was coming&nbsp;&nbsp; for the Calloway plantation was a reckoning, and&nbsp; that she was interested in what happened after it.&nbsp; He had held her words in the silence&nbsp; he brought to important things.&nbsp; Then he had said, quietly, that he had&nbsp; been thinking about after for a long time.&nbsp; She had nodded. That was all.&nbsp; But it was enough for both of them to&nbsp; understand that they were operating,&nbsp;&nbsp; in their separate spheres and through their&nbsp; separate means, toward the same general territory. The auction of Edmund Calloway's estate&nbsp; holdings was announced in late July of&nbsp;&nbsp; eighteen fifty-three through a broadsheet&nbsp; circulated by Hartwell's factor office in&nbsp;&nbsp; Charleston — or rather, by the entity that had&nbsp; taken over the Calloway account from Hartwell,&nbsp;&nbsp; which was the Morrow Estate Trust, though this was&nbsp; not printed on the broadsheet, which listed only&nbsp;&nbsp; the legal name of the coordinating attorney. The timing and structure of the announcement&nbsp;&nbsp; were Cecelia Morrow's choices, though&nbsp; nothing in the document indicated this.&nbsp; The broadsheet listed several categories of&nbsp; property. Livestock. Farm equipment. Various&nbsp;&nbsp; household items from the Calloway house that had&nbsp; been inventoried and valued. A small timber claim&nbsp;&nbsp; on the northern portion of the property. And, in&nbsp; the section that would generate the particular and&nbsp;&nbsp; somewhat extraordinary response that this story&nbsp; is built around, a number of people — listed&nbsp;&nbsp; in the customary fashion of such documents,&nbsp; with approximate ages and brief descriptions.&nbsp; Elias was listed fourth. The description gave his age&nbsp;&nbsp; as approximately thirty-four, his build, his&nbsp; assessed labor capacity, and the single phrase&nbsp;&nbsp; that in the language of these documents carried&nbsp; the weight it carried: exceptional temperament.&nbsp; That phrase — or rather, the accumulation of&nbsp; context that had grown around Elias in the&nbsp;&nbsp; years between his arrival at Calloway and&nbsp; the summer of eighteen fifty-three — was&nbsp;&nbsp; what produced the response. Dorothea had not intended to tell anyone about&nbsp;&nbsp; Elias specifically. She had not intended to create&nbsp; a story. But in a community that small, with a&nbsp;&nbsp; social fabric that integrated as completely as&nbsp; theirs did, a single mention — careful, measured,&nbsp;&nbsp; probably intended as a brief factual note — could&nbsp; travel further than its speaker anticipated.&nbsp; What traveled was not quite accurate.&nbsp; What traveled was the interpretation&nbsp;&nbsp; that accrues to things that travel. By August of eighteen fifty-three, there was&nbsp;&nbsp; a story circulating through three counties that&nbsp; was partially true and substantially embellished,&nbsp;&nbsp; which said that the man listed fourth on&nbsp; the Calloway broadsheet was the kind of&nbsp;&nbsp; person that did not appear often, that women&nbsp; of considerable intelligence and standing had&nbsp;&nbsp; developed opinions about him that were&nbsp; unusual in their intensity, and that&nbsp;&nbsp; the auction was going to be worth attending&nbsp; regardless of whether one intended to bid.&nbsp; Edmund Calloway, who received reports of this&nbsp; circulation, experienced a set of emotions he&nbsp;&nbsp; was not equipped to process constructively. He was humiliated. He was enraged. He was,&nbsp;&nbsp; beneath both of those, frightened — frightened&nbsp; in the specific way of a man who is losing&nbsp;&nbsp; control of a narrative he had believed himself&nbsp; to be authoring. The auction had already been,&nbsp;&nbsp; for Edmund, a profound degradation — the&nbsp; public acknowledgment that the performance&nbsp;&nbsp; he had sustained for nine years had not been&nbsp; sufficient. That his father's legacy was being&nbsp;&nbsp; liquidated. That he was, in the cold language of&nbsp; the factor system, a risk that had been called.&nbsp; And now the story people were telling&nbsp; about his auction was not about his land&nbsp;&nbsp; or his livestock or even his house. The story&nbsp; people were telling was about a man he owned.&nbsp; Or had owned. Or had thought he owned.&nbsp; The distinction was beginning to feel less&nbsp; stable than it had previously appeared. The morning arrived. Heat before dawn, and the road full by the&nbsp;&nbsp; time the light was clear. Horses from Georgetown,&nbsp; from Dorchester, from Barnwell County — riders who&nbsp;&nbsp; had no business at a Colleton County estate&nbsp; sale and who were not there for business.&nbsp;&nbsp; Carriages that the social codes of the occasion&nbsp; did not entirely account for. Women whose husbands&nbsp;&nbsp; had not made the journey. Women who had made&nbsp; excuses that their husbands had accepted without&nbsp;&nbsp; examination because the alternative — looking&nbsp; too carefully at the excuses — might require&nbsp;&nbsp; asking questions they were not prepared to handle. The auction was set in the long open yard between&nbsp;&nbsp; the Calloway house and the first of the rice&nbsp; storage buildings, where a raised platform had&nbsp;&nbsp; been constructed to allow the auctioneer,&nbsp; a Charleston man named Forsythe who had&nbsp;&nbsp; conducted perhaps three hundred such sales&nbsp; in his career, to command the proceedings.&nbsp; Edmund Calloway stood to one side of the platform&nbsp; with the particular stillness of a man who has run&nbsp;&nbsp; out of performances but has not yet identified an&nbsp; alternative way to be present. He was in his good&nbsp;&nbsp; coat. His face held the expression — practiced&nbsp; and, at this point, mostly automatic — of a man&nbsp;&nbsp; who has chosen to be here, who has orchestrated&nbsp; these events, who is conducting a transaction&nbsp;&nbsp; rather than suffering one. Nobody believed it.&nbsp; The field hands and domestic workers — eighteen&nbsp; people — were brought to the platform one by&nbsp;&nbsp; one and held there in the exposure that the&nbsp; transaction required, in the heat, in the&nbsp;&nbsp; public regard of a crowd that included men with&nbsp; ledgers and men with folded arms and women behind&nbsp;&nbsp; parasols whose faces did not give much away. Forsythe moved through the first several&nbsp;&nbsp; efficiently. He was good at his work in the way of&nbsp; someone who understood that what he was managing&nbsp;&nbsp; was not purely commercial — that the theater of it&nbsp; mattered, that the crowd needed to be held as an&nbsp;&nbsp; audience and moved as a market simultaneously. He&nbsp; had the voice for it. The controlled acceleration&nbsp;&nbsp; when a bidding contest developed. The pause that&nbsp; let a number settle before the next one arrived.&nbsp; He arrived at the fourth position. He said a name. He said the descriptive&nbsp;&nbsp; details the broadsheet contained. He&nbsp; noted the age, the condition, the rating.&nbsp; And then he paused, because the crowd had changed. Not dramatically. Not in any theatrical way. But&nbsp;&nbsp; the quality of the attention had shifted. The&nbsp; whispers that had been moving around the edges&nbsp;&nbsp; of the gathering for the past week found their&nbsp; object, and the finding of an object tends to&nbsp;&nbsp; quiet a crowd in a particular way — not silence,&nbsp; but compression, the sense of breath being held at&nbsp;&nbsp; a consistent and collective depth. Elias stood on the platform.&nbsp; He did not look at the crowd in the way of&nbsp; a man seeking something — not recognition,&nbsp;&nbsp; not sympathy, not assessment of threat. He stood&nbsp; in the posture he always stood in: attentive,&nbsp;&nbsp; composed, present to everything around him without&nbsp; being activated by any of it. His eyes moved,&nbsp;&nbsp; but they moved in the methodical way of&nbsp; someone taking inventory, not the anxious&nbsp;&nbsp; way of someone seeking reference points. He found Dorothea Pryce in the crowd. He&nbsp;&nbsp; found Martha Beaumont. He found, near the back&nbsp; of the gathering in a position that placed&nbsp;&nbsp; her adjacent to a carriage whose driver she had&nbsp; presumably arranged to be there, Cecelia Morrow.&nbsp; None of them gave anything away. Neither did he.&nbsp; Forsythe opened the bidding. What happened next was the thing&nbsp;&nbsp; that the auction would be remembered for,&nbsp; in whatever fragments of memory survived it.&nbsp; The bidding did not follow the normal&nbsp; logic of such transactions. Normally,&nbsp;&nbsp; bids for a person of this description, in this&nbsp; county, in this period, would arrive from a small&nbsp;&nbsp; number of local planters with adjacent land who&nbsp; had assessed the labor capacity and the price and&nbsp;&nbsp; were doing arithmetic about yield and cost. The&nbsp; bids would be deliberate and measured and they&nbsp;&nbsp; would conclude in a fairly predictable range. What happened instead was a contest.&nbsp; It was a contest that was, in some essential&nbsp; way, not about Elias at all. Or rather,&nbsp;&nbsp; it was about him only in the sense that he&nbsp; had become the object around which a set of&nbsp;&nbsp; male anxieties had crystallized. The men who were&nbsp; bidding most aggressively were not bidding toward&nbsp;&nbsp; ownership of a person. They were bidding against&nbsp; the story — against the story that had traveled&nbsp;&nbsp; through three counties about this man, against&nbsp; the social reality of women having developed&nbsp;&nbsp; opinions about him that felt, to men who needed&nbsp; their authority to be natural and uncontested,&nbsp;&nbsp; like a challenge that had not yet been answered. The bids climbed past the range that&nbsp;&nbsp; made economic sense and kept climbing. Edmund Calloway watched this from his position&nbsp;&nbsp; beside the platform with an expression that had&nbsp; given up on composure and landed somewhere between&nbsp;&nbsp; fury and a deeper, more bewildered wound.&nbsp; The auction of his estate — his failure,&nbsp;&nbsp; his reckoning — was producing, as its&nbsp; most dramatic and socially legible moment,&nbsp;&nbsp; a bidding war over a man he had thought he owned.&nbsp; The spectacle had consumed the story he was trying&nbsp;&nbsp; to tell about his own dignified transaction and&nbsp; replaced it with a story he had no control over.&nbsp; The bidding stalled at a number that was,&nbsp; by any standard of the period, exceptional.&nbsp; Forsythe raised his gavel. And then the documents arrived. They came with an attorney from Charleston&nbsp; who had ridden through the night — Graves,&nbsp;&nbsp; the same attorney who had managed the Morrow&nbsp; Estate Trust's acquisition of the Calloway debt&nbsp;&nbsp; instruments. He carried a leather case and&nbsp; moved through the crowd with the unhurried&nbsp;&nbsp; purpose of a man who has the only copy of&nbsp; a document that everyone is about to need.&nbsp; He spoke briefly to Forsythe.&nbsp; He handed him a document.&nbsp; Forsythe read it. He read it a second time.&nbsp; The gavel stayed where it was. There is a particular sound that a crowd makes&nbsp;&nbsp; when it understands that the event it has gathered&nbsp; to witness has become a different event. It is&nbsp;&nbsp; not quite silence and not quite noise. It is the&nbsp; sonic texture of collective recalculation — the&nbsp;&nbsp; sound of several hundred people simultaneously&nbsp; revising their understanding of what is happening.&nbsp; What Graves had brought was a legal notice of&nbsp; debt acceleration — the formal documentation&nbsp;&nbsp; that the principal debt obligation on the Calloway&nbsp; plantation, now held by the Morrow Estate Trust,&nbsp;&nbsp; was being called immediately, and that this&nbsp; call, under the terms of the original credit&nbsp;&nbsp; arrangement that Edmund Calloway had signed&nbsp; nine years earlier and almost certainly had&nbsp;&nbsp; not read carefully enough, had precedence&nbsp; over the sale of individual estate assets.&nbsp; Which meant, in practical terms, that the sale&nbsp; of individual people could not proceed — could&nbsp;&nbsp; not satisfy the underlying obligation&nbsp; — until the primary debt was addressed.&nbsp; And the primary debt had a specific mechanism for&nbsp; resolution, one that Edmund Calloway had agreed to&nbsp;&nbsp; when Hartwell had restructured the credit three&nbsp; years earlier: a deed transfer provision. A&nbsp;&nbsp; provision that, under certain specific conditions&nbsp; of default, allowed the creditor to receive&nbsp;&nbsp; the deed to the property directly. Edmund Calloway had agreed to this.&nbsp; He had agreed to it in eighteen fifty,&nbsp; when the restructuring had looked like&nbsp;&nbsp; relief rather than the instrument it actually&nbsp; was. He had signed a document that Hartwell had&nbsp;&nbsp; characterized as routine, and his attorney&nbsp; at the time — a man named Bridges who had&nbsp;&nbsp; charged generously for his services without&nbsp; reading closely — had not raised a concern.&nbsp; The Morrow Estate Trust was exercising&nbsp; the deed transfer provision.&nbsp; The deed to Calloway Plantation&nbsp; — four hundred and twelve acres,&nbsp;&nbsp; all improvements, all physical structures, all&nbsp; associated legal rights — was transferring.&nbsp; Forsythe read the legal destination. The crowd absorbed it.&nbsp; He read it a second time, because some things need&nbsp; to be heard twice before they can be believed.&nbsp; The deed was transferring to the estate of&nbsp; Elias, formerly of Calloway Plantation, whose&nbsp;&nbsp; legal personhood had been established through a&nbsp; manumission document that had been filed with the&nbsp;&nbsp; Colleton County court clerk five days earlier —&nbsp; filed by the Morrow Estate Trust as a condition&nbsp;&nbsp; of the transaction — and who was, as of the moment&nbsp; that document was filed, a free man standing on&nbsp;&nbsp; ground that was in the process of becoming his. The crowd did not erupt.&nbsp; That is the thing that this story requires&nbsp; you to understand about what happened next.&nbsp; Nobody cheered. Nobody&nbsp; collapsed. Nobody made a speech.&nbsp; The crowd stood in the heat of that&nbsp; September morning and absorbed something&nbsp;&nbsp; that the available social language&nbsp; of Colleton County, South Carolina,&nbsp;&nbsp; in eighteen fifty-three, was not capable of&nbsp; describing. There was no framework for it.&nbsp;&nbsp; There was no script for the men who had been&nbsp; bidding or for the men who had been watching the&nbsp;&nbsp; bidding or for Edmund Calloway or for Forsythe,&nbsp; who had presided over three hundred auctions and&nbsp;&nbsp; had never presided over one that ended this way. There was only silence of a particular quality.&nbsp; And there was Elias. He stepped off the platform.&nbsp; He did not look at Edmund Calloway. He&nbsp; did not look at the bidders. He did not&nbsp;&nbsp; make a gesture of triumph or relief or&nbsp; vindication. He took a breath — a long,&nbsp;&nbsp; even breath — and he accepted, from the hand of&nbsp; Graves, the document that had his name on it.&nbsp; He looked at it for a moment. Not with the&nbsp; expression of a man seeing something he had&nbsp;&nbsp; desperately wanted. With the expression of a man&nbsp; verifying that what he has assessed as probable&nbsp;&nbsp; has in fact occurred. He folded it.&nbsp; He placed it inside his coat. He walked across the yard.&nbsp; Everyone watched him. For the first time in&nbsp;&nbsp; eleven years on this plantation, nobody knew&nbsp; how to look at him. Not because he had changed,&nbsp;&nbsp; but because the category that had organized&nbsp; how they saw him was gone, and no replacement&nbsp;&nbsp; was available, and in the absence of a&nbsp; category, the available response was watching.&nbsp; He walked past the horses. Past the carriages.&nbsp; Past the long line of the rice storage building&nbsp;&nbsp; where the heat collected and the light off the&nbsp; water came in at an angle that made everything&nbsp;&nbsp; look like a painting of itself. He did not look back. The legal proceedings that followed the events of&nbsp; September the eleventh occupied several weeks and&nbsp;&nbsp; generated a substantial amount of documentation&nbsp; in the Colleton County court records,&nbsp;&nbsp; most of which describes, in the precise&nbsp; and affectless language of legal process,&nbsp;&nbsp; the transfer of property, the settlement of the&nbsp; outstanding debt, and the various claims and&nbsp;&nbsp; counter-claims that Edmund Calloway filed and&nbsp; withdrew in the weeks following the auction.&nbsp; None of the counter-claims succeeded. Edmund Calloway's attorney — Bridges, the same man&nbsp;&nbsp; who had failed to read the deed transfer provision&nbsp; clearly in eighteen fifty — filed objections on&nbsp;&nbsp; grounds of procedural irregularity, arguing that&nbsp; the manumission had been executed without proper&nbsp;&nbsp; authority, and then on grounds of the timing of&nbsp; the deed transfer provision's invocation, and&nbsp;&nbsp; then on other grounds that the court found, with&nbsp; increasing brevity in its responses, unconvincing.&nbsp; The Morrow Estate Trust's attorney,&nbsp; Graves, responded to each objection&nbsp;&nbsp; with the precision of a man who had anticipated&nbsp; each objection before it was filed, which he had.&nbsp; Cecelia Morrow, throughout the legal proceedings,&nbsp; maintained the composed public presence she had&nbsp;&nbsp; brought to every phase of this story. She attended&nbsp; social occasions. She received calls. She gave no&nbsp;&nbsp; public statement about the transaction, which&nbsp; attracted no shortage of curiosity and some&nbsp;&nbsp; degree of hostility from men in the county who&nbsp; found the entire series of events difficult to&nbsp;&nbsp; process and found her composure in the face&nbsp; of their difficulty particularly galling.&nbsp; She was not galled. She was not&nbsp; moved. She was, to the precise&nbsp;&nbsp; extent she had always been, exactly herself. Dorothea Pryce, in the weeks following the&nbsp;&nbsp; auction, experienced something she would not have&nbsp; been able to fully articulate but that is perhaps&nbsp;&nbsp; best described as a kind of clarification. The&nbsp; years of observation, of paying attention to&nbsp;&nbsp; things that the available social framework told&nbsp; her were not worth paying attention to, had led,&nbsp;&nbsp; through a set of choices she had made without&nbsp; fully understanding where they were leading,&nbsp;&nbsp; to a moment in a county courthouse yard on&nbsp; a September morning when the structure of&nbsp;&nbsp; the world had shown itself to be less fixed&nbsp; than everyone around her had been acting.&nbsp; That mattered in ways that would continue&nbsp; to matter for the rest of her life.&nbsp; Martha Beaumont kept the records. She kept them long after the immediate&nbsp;&nbsp; crisis had passed, long after Francis&nbsp; Beaumont had discovered and resented them,&nbsp;&nbsp; long after the practical immediate need had&nbsp; resolved. She kept them because they were&nbsp;&nbsp; evidence of something she had learned about her&nbsp; own capacity that she did not intend to unlearn.&nbsp; Elias spent the autumn of eighteen fifty-three in&nbsp; a process that was, in its practical dimension,&nbsp;&nbsp; the management of a legal transformation that&nbsp; had no clear precedent in the county and that&nbsp;&nbsp; required — as most transformations of that kind&nbsp; require — a sustained, patient navigation of&nbsp;&nbsp; a world that had not yet fully absorbed&nbsp; the fact that he was in it differently.&nbsp; He was, in the practical sense, a landowner. He&nbsp; was, in the social sense, in a position so outside&nbsp;&nbsp; the available categories of Colleton County,&nbsp; South Carolina, in eighteen fifty-three that&nbsp;&nbsp; the categories themselves were visibly straining.&nbsp; Men who had driven from two counties away to watch&nbsp;&nbsp; him sold now encountered him in the street and&nbsp; did not know how to organize that encounter.&nbsp;&nbsp; The social language that governed interactions of&nbsp; this kind had not been written for this situation.&nbsp; He moved through all of it with the same&nbsp; quality he had always moved through things:&nbsp;&nbsp; attentive, composed, genuinely&nbsp; present without being activated.&nbsp; He had not changed.&nbsp; What had changed was the visibility&nbsp; of what had always been there. There is a question that sits at the center&nbsp; of this story, and it is the question that the&nbsp;&nbsp; available historical frameworks of the period were&nbsp; least equipped to ask, which is perhaps why it&nbsp;&nbsp; survived mostly in fragments — in court records,&nbsp; in letters, in the accounts passed between women&nbsp;&nbsp; who knew each other in communities that did not&nbsp; write down the things they knew most clearly.&nbsp; The question is: what did Elias&nbsp; understand, and when did he understand it?&nbsp; Not in the sense of the legal mechanism&nbsp; — that was Cecelia Morrow's work,&nbsp;&nbsp; and it was extraordinary work, and it deserves&nbsp; acknowledgment as the specific, concrete,&nbsp;&nbsp; legally precise intervention that it was. But the&nbsp; question of what Elias understood about the shape&nbsp;&nbsp; of his own situation — about the cracks in a world&nbsp; that presented itself as solid — is a question&nbsp;&nbsp; that the story itself suggests an answer to. He understood it early.&nbsp; Not because he had access to information others&nbsp; didn't have. Because he paid attention to&nbsp;&nbsp; information others were receiving and discarding.&nbsp; Because in a world that had decided he was not&nbsp;&nbsp; paying attention, he had developed, over&nbsp; years and decades, the particular kind of&nbsp;&nbsp; clarity that comes from having no option other&nbsp; than clarity — from being unable to afford the&nbsp;&nbsp; comforting distortions that people with more&nbsp; power apply to the evidence of their lives.&nbsp; Power that does not know it can be lost is&nbsp; the most fragile kind of power there is.&nbsp; Edmund Calloway did not know. He had inherited&nbsp; a structure and believed the structure was&nbsp;&nbsp; him — believed that the wealth and the land and&nbsp; the system were expressions of something interior,&nbsp;&nbsp; some essential quality, rather than&nbsp; arrangements that could be reorganized.&nbsp;&nbsp; That belief was not unusual. It was, in fact,&nbsp; the standard epistemology of his class and&nbsp;&nbsp; era. It was just wrong, and the wrongness&nbsp; had a price, and the price, in his case,&nbsp;&nbsp; was paid on a September morning in a plantation&nbsp; yard where the gavel never came down.&nbsp; Elias had never had the option of that belief.&nbsp; And so he had, instead, something that the belief&nbsp;&nbsp; precluded: an accurate picture of the world&nbsp; he was living in, held with the patience of a&nbsp;&nbsp; man who understood that accurate pictures are&nbsp; only useful if you hold them long enough for&nbsp;&nbsp; the right moment to come. The right moment came.&nbsp; He had been ready. History tends to preserve&nbsp;&nbsp; the names of people who acted dramatically — who&nbsp; made speeches, who led charges, who left documents&nbsp;&nbsp; that expressed their intentions in language the&nbsp; archive could hold. It tends to lose the names&nbsp;&nbsp; of people who moved quietly, who operated in&nbsp; the space between visibility and invisibility,&nbsp;&nbsp; who understood that the most powerful action&nbsp; available to them in a given moment was not&nbsp;&nbsp; necessarily the most visible one. This channel exists because those&nbsp;&nbsp; quiet, lost names deserve to be found. Because the most intelligent people in the story&nbsp;&nbsp; were not always the ones writing the documents. Because patience is not passivity, and listening&nbsp;&nbsp; is not silence, and the person who has been&nbsp; presumed not to understand the room is sometimes&nbsp;&nbsp; the one who understands it most completely. Elias walked off that platform in September of&nbsp;&nbsp; eighteen fifty-three and nobody in Colleton&nbsp; County quite knew how to see him anymore.&nbsp; He already knew how to see them. He had known for years. If this story stayed with you — leave&nbsp; a comment below. Tell me what moment&nbsp;&nbsp; shifted something for you. And if you&nbsp; know someone who should be watching&nbsp;&nbsp; this channel — someone who understands&nbsp; that history's most important stories&nbsp;&nbsp; are usually the ones that weren't&nbsp; supposed to survive — send them this.&nbsp; Subscribe. These are the stories that history&nbsp; tried to bury. We're not letting them stay there.

- Florida’s Insurance Crisis: What Nobody Tells You | Jon Absey, Andy Chudd & Rick Lindsey: Kind: captions Language: en The biggest thing that has happened that you referred to earlier is the money just got insane, >> right? >> I mean, you know, you talk about Otani getting a billion dollars to play baseball. >> Mhm. >> I mean, and then you think of the fact that you go all the way back to I remember Sandy Kofax in LA holding out to make a h 100red,000 bucks a year, right? So, I mean, that all changes. But the the thing that that bothers me the most about the changes is, and I'm sure you guys, even when Parker was little, I bet you when those guys walked on the the on the court, there were players that would give you high five and sign your stuff. And now it's all >> measured. Oh, okay. He's got to go. And they they have like guards that that do this. They didn't have that before, >> You know, and that's a that's a just a a shame. >> It re it really is. [Music] So, this is John the Jazz Bear. I've known him more as the Jazz Bear. Same with Andy. You know, I've known Mandy maybe for a year or two from Max Place Club, whatever we call it. Everybody thinks it's like some secret spot. It's just a bunch of >> Just because they can't find it on a map, they >> Well, we can give them we we can show them where it is. It's not a secret. So anyway, I'm lucky enough to know these guys and and get to know them and >> and we're lucky enough to know you and what a an amazing guy you are. I I just, you know, John and I have talked about this a million times with his wife too about, you know, how people just show up in our lives. And you've been one of those people, Rick. I mean just >> well I'm l I'm lucky that I have the ability to do stuff right and it's like executing as the jazz bear when I was my kids's age you know I was an insurance agent and I had a vision and a plan I believed in it but I didn't know now I'm old and I know there no doubt that I know right I call myself the insurance preacher um because when I start my mind. It can only think about how screwed up this industry is and that it needs to change. And you know, whether your house burns down or you get sued or you have a medical issue, that's not the time to be figuring this stuff out. That's why everybody makes such bad decisions. They actually don't have a plan. The plan is by the cheapest and I I won't hope I won't have a claim. And I tell people in Florida, you're dumb because hurricanes have already happened here. They're going to keep happening and you just have to look at a map. Parker, my own son, the the name of this podcast is I hate insurance. So, he buys this house up river by uh what's the name of it? Park the pass, Wolf Creek Pass. And he gets a quote from our girl. I think it was like 8 grand on the part. And he said, "That's way too much, right?" So 3 months later, the wildfire is right there, you know, and that's that's when people make good decisions is when you know it happens. Well, of course, at that point, an insurance company sets moratoriums, right? If a storm's approaching Florida, nobody will write you. Oh, except me. But you'll pay more cuz you you didn't make the right decision to have a long-term plan, right? So to me, everybody buys policies. And what you really need is a partnership. You need somebody who's with you good times and bad. And we learned that on the playground when we were kids. All of this stuff, you know, I didn't go to college. So when something doesn't make sense to me, I've always questioned it that that's not right. It can't be that way. And obviously there's a lot of educated people in the insurance business and in the legal business. And I would say most of them are practicing. They're not in the real game. They're not risking their own money. They don't have to live through the nightmares. And the ones that I do know in Florida that are insurance professionals, they they don't do it the right way for themselves either. They >> How did you come up with the concept though? >> Well, I got, you know, I insured people who couldn't get insurance. Helicopter ski guides, rafting. I got to know them. You know, one guy did whitewater kayaking school. And I'm like, dude, that sounds dangerous. So, I bought a kayak and I went on an 11-day trip with him and learned how to kayak. Now, I didn't keep kayaking, right? But I saw that it was safe and with professionals the risk isn't what people envision it is. Right. >> But when you did it, I mean, aren't you looking at there's a reason nobody else is doing it? And when you put your foot in that water, >> well, but it's a timing thing, too, you know? So, when you tell people like when you tell me I can't do something, that motivates me. So, you know, when you start cancelling people in Florida's homeowners insurance, one of the reasons you cancel them is cuz you know you're too cheap and you know they're a shitty risk. California doesn't manage their forests. They don't have enough water. They don't have enough water pressure. They're all green. And so, you know, it it's like a bad situation. Now, five, six years ago when the market changed, you know what people that don't have insurance do, they do a lot different stuff. They mitigate their own risk. They cut the bushes around, right? Before you tell them to cut down a tree that's growing next to their house that's a fire hazard, they'd say, "I'm not cutting down my tree. You know, I like trees, too. I don't want to cut them down." But the choice is, do you like your house more or your tree more? Right? And we can plant new trees a lot cheaper than you can build new houses. So, you know, people's mindset changes. If you offer people cheap insurance, just like a cheap roof, you're going to pay more for it in the long run, right? So, and again, a roof, you know, it's it's not a big deal. when your roof blows off your house, it shouldn't be a bigger nightmare because you have a big deductible you can't pay. And you know, kind of the old construction of insurance, it's kind of like during inflation, they said they shrunk the size of, you know, Snickers bars. And don't you think insurance companies have been doing that for 100 years, you know, and they've been growing in a direction, corporate direction that anything that Elon Musk found in the government that is total waste. You don't think that goes on in the insurance business, do you? I guarantee you it does. all the advancements in technology and stuff that haven't made it more efficient and effective and that's because there's a bunch of old big lazy corporations that don't want to change. So, you know, buyers need a partner. And again, that's why I formed my own insurance company cuz after 15 years, I was like, I don't want to argue with these guys anymore, right? Here's all my chips. let's go, you know, prove it. And, you know, my goal was to be 100 million. Now I do over 400 million. And the iceberg is just starting to break up as far as catastrophes, fires, earthquakes in New Jersey. Oh, that's not covered by insurance either, by the way. You know, and it's like >> I want insurance that covers everything. >> My house is damaged. you know, you you don't save money by giving me half a solution, right? That's going to create litigation and all kinds of problems. So, tell people one of my shirts says I don't compete with stupid. So, when they say, you know, chubs only four grand. I'm like, yeah, well, they're stupid and they're not giving you earthquake, they're not giving you flood, no earth movement is covered at all. Mudslides is what happens here. And you know, if it's a mudslide in a small neighborhood with three houses, um, nobody cares, right? The nightmare of those three families is big. Um, when it's a big storm and it's thousands of people like Ma Maui fires, they're on TV saying, "Where's the government?" And I'm like, "What's the government ever done?" Right. Right. They come to town, they overpromise, and then they create all these systems that don't do anybody any good. What they should be looking for is the person that wrote their insurance to show up and write a check because that's really all you need, right? And you probably are going to have to pay more cuz the market has gone up now. That's kind of part of being a good insurance company is knowing that when [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hits the fan, I can't be looking for cheaper cuz that'll cost me more money in the long run. If you're not in your house for 2 years, you got loss of use, you know, all of the things. And then you're going to get sued and they're going to try and, you >> brother has a house in Pacific Palisades that three houses away everything's gone, >> And he had that thing rented for like 25 grand a month, >> No, he doesn't. >> Time is money. >> Yeah. Anyway, let's talk about jazz jazz years and now how when did you become the jazz bear? What how did they did they look for a gymnast? Were you at the UOU? What what's the backtory? >> Yeah. So, uh, cuz I was in the CBA and, uh, um, for a number of years before, but I just sent out a resume to, um, all the NBA teams. And that year that I did it just happened to be a year that the Sacramento Kings, Seattle Sonics, and Jazz were looking for mascots. And they had a three team try out out here in Utah. And, uh, came out here for tryyouts and got a job offer from all three teams and didn't get didn't call anybody back like an idiot. And thank heavens, Grant Harrison, our uh vice president of game operations, tracked me down and and uh cuz back then before cell phones, you know, I mean, so he had to call our houses and uh called the farm and then had to call out to my sisters and then got a hold of me and he was just like, "Did you take a job offer with one of the other teams?" And I'm like, "No." And he's like, "So, what are you doing?" I said, "I don't know." I was a small farm boy and I was afraid to move. >> Edis uh CBA team. What team? Uh the Fargo Fever was my first one and the uh then I went up to the National Basketball League up in Canada which was the Winnipeg Thunder and then the Souf Falls Sky Force in Sou Falls, South Dakota. >> And were you a bear? >> Nope. So I remember Sou Falls was a wolf. Uh, Winnipeg was a polar bear, so it was kind of a bear. And then, uh, the Fargo Fever was a bobcat, which was a horrible costume, but >> that was just kind of where you started. And mascotting really was just starting to kind of come into things. And it was really the Phoenix Gorilla that kind of kicked open the door for everybody. >> Oh, right. >> Phoenix Gorilla. And so, something I didn't realize, and you probably didn't know, uh, he was the mascot for the NBA. Did you know that? >> I didn't know that. Like the league. And I he told me that and I actually found a picture and he's wearing an NBA logo and he was the NBA >> logo or the NBA. >> He was he was something special because Benny was there before him. >> Benny I mean the bull in Chicago was the first mascot >> but but all the other mascots were just kind of pad heads and shake hands. He was the first one to come in and dunk and tumble and >> so he he kicked open the door for everybody. He was the god. where born and raised where? >> East Grand Forks, Minnesota up in a little farm and uh raised by a my dad was 62 when I was born. So he >> did not understand what kids did in high school. Alls I had to do was be home for chores and uh work on the farm and that's all he cared about. M >> but uh but yeah, other than that and then um that's I ended up moving out here and I I told my fiance at the time that I said I'm going to move out there and I'll be back in a year and uh cuz I didn't think I was just like I'm just going to give this a shot. >> Been 30 years still here. >> Love Utah. >> And your fiance and you moved here now wife. Yep. Now wife and three daughters and uh uh it's been amazing. And they're, you know, my daughters have uh >> uh one of them is married and have two other ones that are probably on the way to getting married here pretty soon. And >> so it's been fun. Utah is my >> and the one that's married is going to have a little boy. So he's going to be a grandpa. >> Grandpa in December. >> So he knows how much fun that is. So do I. But I have great grandchildren. So >> Right. So, I'm excited about that. You have great grandchildren. I didn't know that. Three. >> That's awesome. Yeah. You have great grandchildren? >> No. I have one cash Jay Lindsay Parker's the first Sunday. >> Congratulations, Parker. Yeah. That's a fine deal, right? >> And his name is Cash. >> Oh, it's a boy. >> I'm finally getting a boy, too. So, my I had three girls. Uh, my wife's sister had girls. All my friends growing up had girls. Everybody had girls. So, I finally get a boy to try and I don't know what the hell I'm gonna do with a boy. So, I can do a ponytail with one hand almost. But, you know, I'll figure out how to raise a boy. It'll be fun. >> I hope I see. I'm I'm kind of bummed, though, because her husband is a big hunter and his whole family hunts. So, I know he's going to go out and hunt. I'm not a hunter. So, I'm going to be like I'm just going to be like, "Oh, just the grandpa that control baseball." >> We can make you a hunter real fast. We take you up to Wolf Creek and get you a big elk and a lot of meat and >> I'm in. >> If it if it puts me in good graces with him, he's going to I guarantee he's going to be a big hunter growing up. So, >> but yeah, I'm excited. December. So tell us about the outfit and how you know maybe it evolved over the years because I think you have a company that makes outfits, right? >> Yep. I I uh uh have a company that after I got done I was trying to figure out what to do and thought making uh mascots would be kind of the the thing and I do some consulting. We just, you know, consulted with some other colleges trying to help their mascot programs. Um, but my my suit really didn't evolve that much. I mean, it it stayed pretty >> be hot and stuff. Certainly, you know, in Utah in the sun compared to inside. And so, I would have thought over time you figured out ways to make it less painful. >> No, you know, I >> You just had lots of padding. >> No, actually, I mean, cuz I was bigger back then. I I mean like when I was performing I was 222 and um I I I it wasn't I didn't have any padding in it. >> Did you have like hockey elbow pads or just a helmet? >> It would just help just a helmet. Just a hockey helmet inside that helmet or that head and then it was pretty much just the costume and then uh >> the you know if I put pads on and I tried to do this that alls I was doing was adding more bulk, more weight, more heat, right? So it was just me and um I tried to keep it as you know so that it it looked the same you know so it never really changed that much. >> Um but you know like the head >> um not many people know is is I had it for 15 years you know that >> I they couldn't recreate it. >> They tried five times to rebuild it and and give it to me and I remember I looked at it and I was like this looks nothing like my original head. So one of them you know became Little Bear's head. Another one became a a head for one of our dummy dolls, another head, and we just use them for different things. But I had a head for 15 years until the latex started falling apart. And then went in and I was like, we need to make a new head. So we sat down and I was in there every day tweaking it to make sure that it looked like the other head. And then I used that one for 10 years. >> So the big question is, did the bear ever talk? >> More than I should have. >> Really? >> Yeah. I never I never talk to like, you know, regular fans or anything like that, but out on the court, I talk to the referees and players and and stuff like that, but I I I mean, you know, like I try to keep Well, Andy's got a story. When I first walked into his his uh office, I I did an appearance there and he came walking in and I was freaking out because I never wanted anybody to know who I was. >> Well, the the the story about that was um I remember dates. So, November 4th, >> he's like Rainman when it comes to dates. I'm telling you, >> I'm the opposite, by the way. >> So, November 4th, 1994, uh we were season ticket holders. I didn't My seats were in the 14th row, not down on the floor, but um and we had moved over from the Salt House. And I knew all of the people because of Frank Leaden and Carl and John and Thor and all those guys before he was there. And my wife and I happened to be there. It was Lakers exhibition game in 1994 on November 4th and they lowered him down in this big crate. I don't know if you were there and let him out and he just went wild and I immediately ran to Jay Francis who was the VP of promotions and I went first appearance my place. So the next Saturday the 12th he made his first appearance. So they come in and they say well where can we change? And I said well go up in my office. And so he goes to change and I'm not kidding you. I walk into my office and it was like uh you walked in on a naked woman. He's like but but that fact was something that we we discussed over and over and over again. Like I'd bring people to meet him that were raising were raising money for our charity >> that we did the whole virtually the whole time he was a bear. take little kids Christmas shopping and now we take military families Christmas shopping and uh we've never stopped. >> Uh we we didn't do it for one year during COVID, but other than that we did it with masks. We did it with where people had to come. But there are actually people that worked at the Jazz for years that did not know he was a Jazz Bear. >> And during I think it was the 97 finals, Jim Gray from NBC is there and he's talking about John Absy. He's He's What was it skis you were going down on? He's going down the the deal practicing on skis. He's never done it before. So, he's going to do that during the finals. >> And uh he the funny thing is the aisle that we were on is the one that he used most of the time for for all that stuff, >> And I was right on the aisle. But he seriously guarded his anonymity in a way that was unbelievable because at the end it's like you and I discussed Rick. People know who the bear is, >> They don't necessarily know who this is. That's why three governors named it Utah Jazz Bear Day, but the most important one was the one that took place just this last April and that was uh John Absy Day, >> right? And uh um we went back I went back when he was inducted into the mascot hall of fame. >> All right. >> And we had a wonderful governor. John Huntsman was the governor then. >> And I've got video. I've got No, I've got a photo of John and and John having a silly string fight in the governor's office with the governor wearing his jersey. So the that anonymity >> can be a detractor after he left. >> Did you walk around like without the bear suit on and they thought you were just another guy that came in and out of the office and stuff? So you had like two worlds. >> I did it. I honestly >> nobody ever said I think I know those eyes or something. Some people did, but it honestly it was like Miley Cyrus >> in Hannah Montana >> because, you know, I' I'd go out and do stuff and I'd go through the office and everybody would ask like what I do and I'd be like, I work for Game Operations, you know, and I I did and I knew enough about it. I could always answer a question, >> but a lot of people didn't put two and two together. It was really weird. So, >> how about the name Joey Crawford? Was he one of the guys you yelled at all the time? >> Oh, he yelled at me. Really? Yeah. I remember Joey one time, this is way back in the day, made a bad call and I grabbed you, you remember where Doc Anderson used to sit? So, right in that row and I grabbed this guy's glasses and I held him up to Joey like that was a bad call. You know, >> dude, he lit me up like crazy and he was like, "You never do that again." And I was leaning back into the crowd and the crowd was holding me and they're yelling at Joey to leave me alone cuz I was But yeah, >> he was a great ref. He was a good guy. >> He was the I mean, most saw him in Philadelphia once when I was in Philadelphia going just through, you know, security line and stuff and we hated him when he was there, but you actually liked him and respected him cuz he was kind of a part of the whole deal and he tried to do a good job, but there were some games in the Delta side where he was pivotal. >> I always heard he didn't like he didn't it was Jerry that he didn't like that much. >> Oh, really? >> Yeah. Because of how vocal Jerry was. But he was a nice like because I'd go in and talk to the refs before every game and just kind of tell him what I was going to do and if I could use him as skit and Joey was a really nice guy. He really was. >> So, >> well, haven't you had a couple of refs that have come to see you since you got sick? >> I have a bunch of them. Gary Zolinsky is one of them. He's actually been up on my roof watching the sunrise with me just the other day. He crawled up there. So, but yeah, no, the the referees were they were really actually pretty cool. the when it changed was uh probably mid 2000s like you know I think it was like 2013 14 and the NBA said the referees couldn't mess around with mascots anymore and that's when it kind of changed and they became robotic and >> that fun kind of left you know but >> um the refs were cool >> well Jerry was the one that I had the you know most interaction with and uh after they let him go I always you I think that Larry did the right thing by letting Jerry manage the personalities. Right. Then when Larry was gone and Darren Williams challenged Jerry ownership, I mean I was I remember thinking, you know, so you lose Jerry and you lose Darren like within two weeks because right after that Darren left and went to New Jersey. So, and I, you know, I felt bad for Jerry. He told me that he could he could have gone to Portland and he turned it down and he wished that he would have. But, you know, I think with, you know, really the exit of Jerry, um, that's when, you know, the players all got big heads and you kind of need somebody that they respect and he was the perfect dude because of his history, right? He was the scrappy guy in the NBA that made it further and so not a big talker but you know we went to the final four a couple of times and you know it was like at Dallas Jerry's stadium there which you know first year we went I think it was Atlanta and we got good seats right and then every year they got worse and worse and then you're up at the top you know and it's then people they know they got they're you know they're trying to get new guys But, you know, we saw Mike Brown and I mean, every player that ever played pretty much go to the Final Four. And so, he would just get like bombarded. Coach, coach, you know, and you could tell everybody loved him even if maybe they didn't like him as a coach cuz I think he pushed him to be the best they could be. >> He definitely respected him. You know what I mean? And and the thing with him though is >> is he didn't let the inmates run the prison. you know, him and Papovic were just like that. >> Um, >> but but I I still remember that day and and and you know, with what happened and >> just the fact that, you know, Darren just didn't respect him and uh, you know, was I I still remember, you know, Kieran about the fact that, you know, Jerry was pissed off for the sheer fact that he was calling plays, you know, and Darren was just running his own stuff and they went in the locker room and, right, >> um, I don't know. I'm still shocked that it went that way. But I know that they thought that if they if they let Darren go, they were losing out on money and they thought, well, if we let Jerry go, we can get something for Darren. And that's what they did is they, you know, but they they missed out. They >> they totally did not look at that, right? I know. That's just my opinion. >> Good fundamentals, right? And so again, I think Larry was genius to be the owner, but he would never tell a coach what to do. And you know, maybe that was something Frank kind of laid the track on was, you know, I'll be your coach, but you know, I got to I got to run the zoo, right? I can't I can't have them like a mom and dad situation where >> Well, and Frank was brilliant in that he knew who he wanted to be the coach. So, he quit on purpose when he quit >> to assure Jerry that position, >> right? And and also Phil I mean I don't know if you know this but Phil Johnson coached the Kings when they were Kansas City and Omaha. They were in two different cities. They actually had they were called the Kansas City Omaha Kings before they moved to Sacramento. And Phil was actually NBA coach of the year. >> Oh really? >> And Jerry had then then they had history together in Chicago. But Phil, I mean, once again, Frank was so much to both John and I when he passed away. Um, and John was not feeling well. When we went to the funeral, it was like he was holding court. I mean all of the old coaches, Gordy Chesa, Phil Johnson, John Stockton, Native Stockton, everybody came filed by to talk to Thoroughl Bailey, Rich Kelly, all those guys came by to talk to John and all the broadcasters. I mean, Craig Bowlerjack and and uh David James and and all those people. And I mean people that you had a chance to meet the other night, Kent Crawford, those guys Kent's been at Channel 2 for 42 years. I mean, we're talking history. But, you know, I I can tell you from personal experience when when he came to the Jazz, I was already pretty well incons. and I had girls then then my uh my brother-in-law and and his wife had a little boy and I said when when he's old enough he's mine and so so but we we did that and we had the opportunity but we ran that camp and this guy I mean we'd do three different sessions three different age groups and I'd call on all my favorites Carl would come and be a guest I did some consulting in the car wash business for Charles Oakley and the Knicks he came out David Robinson we had heavy duty guys there. >> But what I how I got paid was I told Thorough, I'll go out and raise the money >> and then we'll have you'll run the camp and and it was the best camp period. Much better than Junior Jazz. I know I'm I'm prejudice, but but the point is and this guy came every single session and would do his histrionics would go up on the back of the backboard and go down through the through the net and just blow these kids away. But we had these little Makea-Wish kids and stuff like that. And it was such a magical time. I mean, and that's what you and I have talked about that Rick is is is how cool that was. But I mean, my wife and I used to go into walk in through security, walk into the wives lounge, hang out with with Kay Malone and and and it's her birthday today and uh and Native Stockton and Kim Russell and Victoria Foster and Stacy Hornosac and and Heidi poster tag and and then just go up to our seats right before the national anthem >> and you know, everything's changed. But the the thing the magic about this guy was through all that he was always the the thing that's just blown me away about John as a as an individual is through all the time he was always willing to give. It was like he created this mascot conference and they'd bring all the mascots in and and that photograph you saw the other day, there's probably been 15 mascots, maybe more, that have come to pay homage to John to say, "Hey, what can I do for you?" I mean, they cleaned his gutters out. They helped him they helped him work in the garden. But but if you talk to these people and you ask them what he meant and what he means to them, >> right, >> the unfortunate thing was what you talked about is his anonymity was so guarded >> that now we're out there going, "This is the guy that made magic for you, >> How can you help us? >> Help him. >> I got to find a $5 bill to pay Andy for that. That's nice. I got to somewhere in my bucket." But that that being said, there was so much magic in that and and I went I was fortunate. I went to the induction at the mascot hall of fame and uh Dan Mirs uh who was the Kansas City Chiefs Wolf, >> Uh and Adam Hardy was there and and uh uh uh Bob Wolf. I had the the secret. I got to meet all these guys and hang out with these guys for a few days. And there was only me and his wife and was it Corey that was there, a friend of his, and and Grant Harrison, who's the guy that hired him, >> And Grant has been just I mean, I send out 57 different texts that are updates. You get a special one. You and and Brady get a special one. um that that's more um focused on what you do and and and Reagan and all that stuff that I don't share with everybody because everybody wants to know how's he doing, >> you know, and I don't want to put that on him, but it is amazing the people that respond to this. These are the people that received this are people like Carl Malone, John Stockton, Greg Hornosk, uh I mean Jeff Hornosk, Greg Oster Tag, Greg Foster, uh Ronnie, I mean it's just a huge list of who's who. But do you know what the biggest thing is? You weren't able to make it when we honored John up at the state capital, right? >> But you know who showed up? Randy Rigby showed up. Grant Harrison, show all the old old the old guard. >> Um Tim Howells, all those guys, >> the old guard that you knew, >> that I knew and and it's just changed. Everything else is is is metrics. It's all this BS. It's like I'm a huge Dodger fan, but I grew up with Sandy Kofax pitching nine innings. Now you got a guy going with no hitter into six innings and they're changing pitchers. >> All right. I don't understand it. >> Yeah. No. And again, I don't think most sports, you know, during Black Lives Matter and players kneeling on the sideline and stuff, I lost all interest. I mean, it's like they don't re realize or maybe they don't give people credit that, you know, died and fought for the the country and our way. And it's like, you know, I that's the biggest thing that we risk losing is what people died and fought for, >> So, you know, that these stars that are, you know, the luckiest guys on the planet, you know, in the greatest country, >> oh, without a doubt. >> They don't they don't lead the way. And that's sad. and that kind of, you know, this all this high school college stuff now where they're getting paid a lot of money which >> is great. >> This guy served in Desert Storm. People don't even know that. >> Oh, >> you know, he did his he did his service in the army. I mean, we're talking about when I when I sat down with him on our charity and I said, I want to do a second >> we had this wonderful family that gave us a lot of money one year and I said, I'd like to do a different one. We always take the little kids, but I'd like to do It was right after COVID and we were having a real tough time with the bus company we used and um everything changes, you know, but you have to adapt. But we're talking about him and I said, "Look, let's do active duty military and wounded warriors and all that." And I I'll tell you, I've been doing this, this will be 35 years, and I must tell you that that we get incredible gratitude from the little kids and magical stories that we've got taken over 15,000 children Christmas shopping over the last 30 years. That's that's pretty impressive. >> Amazing, right? >> And and but we've taken military families for this will be the fourth year. And it's it's a different kind of Christmas shop. But uh Elias came to one of them with us, >> And and uh it's a whole different ballgame. Every single one texted back or emailed back or said something, pulled us aside and said, you know, if it wasn't for you guys, I don't know what we'd do. >> And that's the way I feel about you and how you just jumped in to help with John. It's it's uh >> well I'm blessed to be able to help in a little way. So let's throw out like some name that you said some of them like Greg Oster Tag. Do you like know where these guys are and what they're doing and you know who was the funniest? He he had to be one of the funniest. He >> he was the funniest and probably one of the most down to earth guys. Um because when you'd go and talk to a player like there was a person, you know, they're the locker room persona, on the court persona, the out in public, you know, persona. Greg was the same no matter where you met him. If you were in the locker room, if you're out in the out at a restaurant or on the court, he was Greg Oert and he was the same no matter what. Every other player just they were different, you know. Um the locker room, they were always kind of themselves cuz it was kind of their safe space, but out in public, they were always different. on the court. Totally different. But yeah, Oyster Tig was he he was my favorite. And um and it was fun because he, you know, he showed up at all my kids' birthdays and and uh but he was he was just a really fun down to earth guy. And I think that's why he got such a bad rap. You know, people didn't understand that, you know, he he was just a kid. I mean, all those guys are kids. Everybody thinks that they're these adults. They're 22 years old. And he came in and um he he was good. um a good basketball player, but you know, he just he he liked having fun and he he enjoyed what he was doing, but he didn't take it too seriously. >> Well, the other thing doing it for so long, you know, I would like Jeff Hornosk was on Phoenix and he would always kill us with the three-pointer and then when we get him right, that's when we got really close. But he was like wounded when we got him. He would drag his leg around and he would still do as good as anybody else. But, you know, I just remember how much you hated him when he's on the other team and how much you love him when he's on your team. How many other players do you think of like that or you didn't have that you loved them all? you didn't have like the hate for like Lambir and Isaiah Thomas was the other one where you know there was that real rivalry but we had him with Sonics with Kemp we had him with the Kings with >> I can't remember Weber was on the Kings one day >> and then Vlad too >> yeah but you know there's there's not stuff go maybe it goes on nowadays but I don't I don't pay attention lost my The the biggest thing that has happened to make a h 100,000 bucks a year, right? So, I mean, that all changes. But the the thing that that bothers me the most about the changes is, and I'm sure you guys, even when Parker was little, I bet you when those guys walked on the the on the court, there were players that would give you high five and sign your stuff. And now it's all >> I remember Greg Foster, there was an older couple, uh, Steve and Minnie were their names, and um, they'd always come down and bring us cookies and and pop before the games, and I remember they had asked Greg Foster to come over for dinner one night, and he did. You know, you you would never have that happen in today's world. >> And uh, but that was just the difference, you know, back in the '9s. the the the league, the players, everybody was approachable >> and um it it you know you had real fans and it it's not that way anymore now. It's just >> so how much did you go to other you know v like LA or were invited into that was it different cuz I think in the beginning when the jazz came it was more I would say folksy right it's there was like many and you know just the old people who they were there to watch the jazz and be part of the team and you know I think you get that in LA but it's Drake or you know some famous person want to be on TV and they want to put them on TV. So, you know, and I think I've been to one jazz game a year for the last couple of years and it is different. It's not the same, but I guess nothing is. This valley is not the same anymore. like small little LA with you know getting around and traffic and >> again that's you know just the old I mean this this used to be way out in the city right 70th south was like they didn't even have 215 that's where I used to ride my dirt bike but you knew a freeway was coming there but you know >> so it's definitely expanded a lot changed so >> we traveled a ton in the early days. I mean, he did he did appearances in other cities and then once he was it after you created the the mascot convention that you do those birthday parties. So, they'd do these birthday parties and like 10 mascots would show up for a birthday party. >> Well, I remember at jazz games and other games around you you would all get together, right? Was that to do with your group that you did >> birthday party? Yeah, it was just, you know, that we it was just a way for us to one, it was a way for us to get together and party technically, but we'd get together and we'd uh, you know, we called them birthday parties and then we'd have them sponsored. So, it was just another sponsor element for the sales team, >> But we would uh get together and and uh work each other's games and just hang out with each other. Just a way for us to all to get together. >> But you would come to the game together, too, when they did it, right? And you know, it uh yeah, I mean, it was a ton of fun. It's always fun hanging out with those guys. But the thing that's funny is, >> you know, we all started together and we all got older and I remember we would show up on a Friday and on Sunday, you know, the game was on Saturday. Sunday I'd be going home and I probably got 4 hours of sleep the whole weekend, right? You know, >> now we back in the day we'd get together. We're older and it'd be like 9:00. I'm just going to go to bed, you know? So, >> yeah. The cool part is there's there's there's like Testament John >> Kenny Solomon had two sons become mascots >> and they gave him more credit than they gave their dad. >> Very cool. >> So >> So how many teams have mascots in the NBA? All of them or >> like New York doesn't, LA doesn't, Golden State doesn't, uh New Jersey doesn't, but everybody else does. Uh, and what about other I mean is it like I know that smaller teams tend to have it more, right? Like >> Yep. >> B-lee baseball teams and stuff. Some of the major league teams have them, right? Baseball, but not all. Again, >> legendary ones like the Philly Fanatic and >> They're they're and and the San Diego Chicken was he was he was inducted either right before you or with >> Right before me. >> Yeah. At the mascot. has got to be the best known mascot. >> No, I love you for that. But the the famous chicken, the famous chicken is really well known. I mean, a great story to >> talk about him. I mean, I'm not >> the San Diego chicken. >> San Diego. Yeah. But and then after the San Diego chicken, he became the famous chicken because he he won the rights for that character, you know. Um >> Yeah. Ray Croc sued him. >> He said you can't you I mean that >> as a Kentucky colonel, you couldn't help out with that. All three of us are Kentucky colonels, just so you know that. >> So, but I wouldn't have helped. >> Um, but but yeah, the the uh the chicken was something totally unique. I mean, I used to go to games just to watch him. And that's I think the first realization I had of the power that this guy had was how many people came to the game to watch him and what he was going to do. Like they'd bring their family. The kids didn't give a rip except for him. >> Yeah. No. when you would climb up the railings and do all your, you know, mingling with the crowd, you you were like mob. You could have stopped anywhere and done anything to anybody. Sometimes you did. >> And they they stopped him. They basically said, "Look, man, you're taken away from the game. You have to pull back. You can't do this at this time. you can't do. So, every break he was like chomping at the bit to get out and do his stuff >> and and exchanging that with other mascots and and doing videos. Once the video thing came in, those guys would come in in the summer and I'd call them and say, "Hey, can you come do this?" I can't. We're we're filming. We've got Crunch in Town from the Timberwolves and and the Gorilla from from Phoenix. And and these guys would do it for each other. and they'd share ideas and it was so much more than just a guy in a suit, >> And as a matter of fact, and I I think I talked to you about this the other night. Um when in 2004, he had been mascot for 10 years and I went to a couple of my really good friends that had connections and I said, "We need to make it Utah Jasper Day." And uh there were I and I can tell you everybody that was in the room and I actually found the photographs. >> When it was uh John and I told him, "Bring your wife and kids." And he goes, "No, his anonymity meant that much to him." I said, "Nobody's going to know. They they see your wife and kids. They don't marry them to you." Um and and but we we kept them in the in the uh the governor's office. They didn't go out for the announcement and stuff. >> Neither did his wife's best friend Diana or or your sister and and brother-in-law, but but the point is Larry Miller, I invited him on purpose and I invited Grant Harrison, but they decided that Grant shouldn't be there. So Denny Hasslam, Jay Francis, and Larry Miller from the Jazz were the part that came. And uh the governor was she was she was an amazing woman and she talked about how much she loved watching him because no offense I mean it is the Utah Jazz but it for her it was more fun to watch him. She said that, >> Larry Miller when he made his speech said, "I'm going to protect the man in the suit, >> And I'm going to tell you this. People like him come along once in a lifetime." And the man in the suit has a heart as big as as they get. And he talked about, you know, how he actually fought to do charity stuff because they did they they wanted to, you know, sales department. >> They want him to be the they want so send him to birthday parties and stuff. San Antonio, didn't they have do they have two or three mascots? >> Three. >> They had three mascots. Two went and did ribbon cutings and and uh birthday parties and stuff and they charged for that. >> Right. He refused to do that with charities. I mean, he has a a very good friend who I won't mention his name, but he happened to be the Houston mascot. And I was there when the two of them were talking and the guy goes, "Buddy, you're missing the opportunity. Charge everybody." >> Right. And and so the when Larry Miller said that, he said, "When this man in this suit retires, the character will retire, too." So the way they've treated him, the lack of respect, I mean, look at he had the during the playoffs, he had an invitation from Indiana to do the finals. He had he actually did he was back at the Mayo Clinic and you know that and and the the Minnesota Timberwolves brought him on the floor. the the Sacramento Kings saluted him with a big giant sign on their jumbotron saying what he was going through and the Jazz have done diddly >> which is totally unfortunate because the sad part is what we we talked about the other night >> is that people start believing that the suit is the character and it's not >> right >> as a matter of fact when he was inducted into the mascot hall of fame uh the Houston mascot put his name and all that stuff and his stuff. And I'm reading the program and there was no brick and mortar. Then it was in Philadelphia. The mascot hall of fames in Indiana. And I'm reading this thing and it says the Utah Jes range. And I was like, are you kidding me? You're you're not putting anything down there. And that's how much his anonymity meant to him and how unimportant >> credit was to him. Yeah. >> And that's what you and I have talked about a million times. >> I owe 10 bucks for that one there. It's a $10 talk right there. >> Well, you know, so I'm involved in this boat racing thing and it's got a 120 year history. >> Right. And I I told one guy like >> like I call it a boat thing, >> boat racing. >> And you know, all these guys are great. It's grassroots, right? And that's why I love it. It's not that they don't get trophies. you know, if they do their stupid plastic $5 ones like you're going to give Andy >> and you know, so it's they do it for the love of the competition and all this stuff and >> you know, so everybody's mad at me because I supported us leaving and just forming our own racing group and you know, we've done it for four or five years now and you know the guy's like, "Oh, you know, you're I'm like, dude, I love the history, right?" But when it changes so much that you can't stand it anymore, it's kind of like Sears Robu. You know, you ordered everything on Sears Robu in the Sears store, right? But they get so out of date and force you to do stuff in a way where they don't have to evolve. And that's where you need to move on. And you know, as you get older, you only have so much time. Time is your most valuable asset. So why do you want to deal with, you know, people who don't get it, don't reciprocate, you know, move on and create a better place for you and them or you can just whine all the time. And you know, some of the guys that left with us were the biggest whiners. And now, you know, we've we've run our second event after the first event. this guy that I thought was a good partner, you know, he all he did was [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and complain and left and now he's back with those guys. And again, I don't care, right? But I just need to know, right? And in life, that's what most people need to know is what are you going to do when the chips are down? Cuz what you do when there's no pressure on doesn't really matter. Nobody ever has a claim. But when they have a claim, are you going to step up and take care of them the way you want to be taken care of or not? And that applies to, you know, sports you go watch, sports you involve yourself in, people you spend time with. And so, you know, when I was Parker's age, buddy that you're impressed with, you know, you think, I want that account. And then 10 years later, it's like that was the stupidest thing I ever did. That was the worst account I ever could have written. But you know, you don't know that stuff from school or books. You you know it from life and life experiences. So anyway, the Utah Jazz wouldn't be where they are today or anything without the Bear and John and Carl. John and Carl, you know, were the athletes, but you were as much as an athlete as they were. And I think they recognize it and appreciate that. Certainly a lot of old people like me know what you did and we appreciate it. So happy to do anything we can to be with you and stick with you. >> Thank you. I appreciate you. I really do. >> Appreciate you making the effort to come. >> No, thanks for having me. >> No. So anyway, you're getting the sauna and we're you're going to have lots of good stuff. Good news going forward. >> I'm hoping so. Yep. I'm hoping it's all good news from here on out. So >> once again, Rick, you've been a godsend and and I mean like that first time we came here and the first thing you did is got up, got your phone, got Reagan on the phone and put him on the phone with John and >> and >> well that's I mean you know again that's I just know good people and >> I think I told you at the same time I you know some people don't believe whatever you got to make your own decisions but I I I follow his advice because I trust him right and That's most >> and with some of the crazy stuff you do and you're feeling good. That's the biggest thing. >> Right. >> Yeah. And you got to feel like you have the freedom to make decisions that you want to. And so, you know, I think he is a leader in his field. And obviously, you want to have availability to every resource to, you know, make sure you have everything you need to get through a tough time. So, that's the goal. and we want everybody to help out as much as they can, but we all just do what we can do and I'm happy to do my part. >> Well, thank you for doing your part. I appreciate it. I really, really do. >> So, we got to figure out a time to get you up to the Goose Neck Preserve and let you hit a couple of golf balls. >> If he's if he's feeling good enough on Sunday, maybe. >> Yeah. Well, again, anytime you feel good, you want to drive up to the mountains, you can just hang out at the man cave or the pool and grab a club and a couple of balls and >> you can drive around Parker's ATVs. >> I'm not sure Parkers. He buys them, but I think I pay for them. I think >> Well, that would be awesome. >> I tell you what, you know, we had uh we had uh Lex and and Dr. Doug fly up the other night and they were just like, "Oh goodness, look." >> Andy introduces me to all these movie stars. You're probably the first star. You know, now I know Balance of Nature. I mean, I see his commercial >> more than anybody. You know, the only people I see more than him is lawyers. I know a lot of lawyers from TV. >> I'll give you a piece of advice. The lawyers on TV aren't the scary ones. Which reminds me, did you get the framed picture back? The the >> Oh, yeah. No, I got to go get it. I'm putting it right there. It's going to be the backdrop of the podcast. You see what he gave me? >> I gave him this I I You know how I go and buy all this stuff at all these charity auctions? And my brother's a lawyer. And I bought this deal and it's like 4 feet by 4 feet by a a pretty well-known artist named Todd Goldman that he does stuff that looks like a little kid painted it. >> It's a stick figure type. >> Yeah, it's he says and it says it's okay to lie. I'm a lawyer. >> That's awesome. >> So I gave it to Rick. >> So I got to go get that by the way. I forgot. Thanks for reminding me. But it is framed and you'll be proud of the job. >> Oh yeah. I'm sure I'm sure those guys do great work. Um, but once again, God bless you, Rick, and thank you so much. >> No, I'm blessed blessed to know you guys and great great people. So, let's stick together and make it work. >> Okay, you're the man. So, you influenced a lot of people and did a lot of good and now it's time for us to do whatever we can. >> I love you guys. I just had a good crew of people behind me. So, took an army. >> Okay, guys. The I Hate Insurance podcast. You've just met the insurance preacher. Well, he only showed up a couple of times. >> No, I love it. That was awesome. Thanks, guys. >> You bet.

  Top Comments:
  1. @IHateInsurancePodcast: 👉 What’s the biggest insurance nightmare you’ve faced?

- When Insurance Costs Force You to Leave: A Florida Flood Story | Datos Insights | Ep. 405: Kind: captions Language: en Nobody was sure where it was going to hit. And nobody was sure. Our local meteorologist, his guidance every year is that you run from the water and you hide from the wind. [music] [music] Hello, [music] welcome or welcome back to the Insect Podcast. This week, Matthew Grant is joined by Carrie Thomas from Datos Insights. This episode takes a slightly different angle, a firsthand look at what happens when the realities of climate [music] risk meet the insurance market. After moving to Florida, Carrie found herself navigating a system where insurers are pulling back, prices are rising fast, and even getting basic cover isn't straightforward. [music] It's a personal story, but one that reflects much bigger questions facing the industry. [music] Carrie, great to have you joining us. You come from the UK, but you actually have been living in the US for a while. >> Yes, I was born and raised in Southeast London and I've been in the US for almost 20 years now. Started in DC, moved down the East Coast and now I'm in Florida, >> which is why we're here. So, we were talking because you are one of my new colleagues in your Datoss role and you mentioned the challenges you'd had to get insurance in your new property. We thought what a great way to get a firsthand account of somebody who actually is on the ground trying to buy flood insurance. So, of course, we're going to talk a little bit about your day job, but most of all, just really fascinated to learn the trials and tribulations of getting insurance in the US. >> Absolutely. Yeah, it's been an adventure. >> You mentioned you've been around the US, a few states. You were in North Carolina for a decade and then you recently moved to Florida. When you move house, you want to get home insurance. What happened next? We'd lived in North and South Carolina for a little over a decade and we'd had the same homeowners insurance for that whole time. They also insured our cars. We had life insurance. We did everything with them. We moved down to Florida in September of 2022. And we went straight to our insurer to ask them about insuring our home that we had bought. They refused because we are in St. Petersburg. We're on a peninsula. The insurer we used in North and South Carolina were not picking up new policies here in Florida, actually pulling out of the state for homeowners. So, we were still able to insure our cars, keep our life insurance, but we had to find someone else to insure our home. We looked around for another homeowners insurance company. We actually ended up with Citizens, which is the governmentbacked insurer of last resort here in Florida. Florida has one of the longest coastlines in the states and we are on the west side of the state. We border the Gulf of Mexico and we have Tampa Bay on the other side of the peninsula that makes up St. Pete. We have an intra coastal waterway as well. So if you ever look at a map of Florida, St. Pete's sits out a little bit from the west coast and then we have an intra coastal and then we have the barrier islands but those are the Florida West Coast beaches. >> So you went out there going try to get insurance you end up with citizens and what happened with the flood insurance? >> So in the first house that we moved into down here we really didn't need flood insurance. We were nowhere near the water. This was just in April of 2024. And so we were able to get flood insurance through our broker that we work with and it was around $750 for the year. We'd heard how expensive it can be, so we were perfectly happy with that. What happened then was October of 2024, we have two large hurricanes, Helen and Milton. and we can talk a little bit more about them. But after that, our flood insurance dropped us. We didn't flood. We had no flooding at our house. And the reason we were given was that the company we had our flood insurance with was pulling out of Florida. So, another company not insuring for floods in the state of Florida. In the UK, most people tend to buy insurance for homes through an online portal, but I know in the US it still use a slightly more traditional market. So, do you have a broker helping you to identify the coverage? >> Yeah. So, when we first moved down, we went the same route we had when we lived in South Carolina, which was go straight to an agent that works for a large multinational insurance carrier. and then we called around ourselves. And then when we got citizens, we went through their portal through one of their agents. When we moved here, we decided to work with a broker because we needed to find multiple different types of insurance for the house. We wanted flood insurance and we needed boat and umbrella insurance. They give us a list of options. They advise us and then we pick and they write up the paperwork. What happened when our broker was able to find us some options for flood insurance and came back to us with those is that they were three, four, five times what we had originally paid that $750. And that was the biggest problem. It wasn't that we couldn't get it, though we could always be dropped again if those carriers pulled out of the state later on. It was more a case that it was really expensive and we weren't required to have it because we're not in a flood zone and so we had decided that for the time being we would not pick up flood insurance and then wait to see what happens in the future. So you sort of self-insure for a bit and then if you were in a flood zone would then that mean you'd ironically get insurance because you're in a flood zone or then you guess you'd be able to rely on what the NFIP National Flood Insurance Program for coverage is that part of the challenge because you're not in a flood zone you're not eligible for the government program. >> Right. That's correct. Because we're not in a flood zone we're not eligible. We're also not on citizens anymore. But if we were, they are phasing in required flood insurance regardless of being in a flood zone or not being in a flood zone. >> Well, that's a really helpful context. So, back to your point about Hurricane Hela and Milton, but let's talk about Hurricane Lane first of all. So, category 4 made landfall in September 2024. It's about 100 miles away from where you live. What did those 48 hours look like sort of around around the storm? Pretty hairy, I would expect. Yeah, it was such a strange storm because it made landfall so much further north of us up in kind of the panhandle basin of Florida because the way Florida is shaped around the Gulf of Mexico. For us, it was about 100 miles offshore. So, we're on the west side of Florida. It's 100 miles from our house because at the bottom of our street, all of those houses are on the water on the intra coastal. Nobody was sure where it was going to hit and nobody was sure what it was going to do because it was so far out to sea. Our local meteorologist, his guidance every year is that you run from the water and you hide from the wind. People said, "Well, it will be very windy." But then we started to get the storm surge predictions. Like as it got larger and larger, it didn't matter that it was 100 miles offshore. it was pushing so much water um that storm surge was going to be the biggest issue. And so it was kind of a weird time for me. I hadn't been through a huge hurricane like that before. And so I didn't really know what to expect from this hurricane that was sitting offshore and was not even predicted to come in land and hit us. And I think a lot of people felt that way because while a lot of people did evacuate, a lot of people didn't evacuate. And I think that was a big problem after Helen passed through. So those barrier islands, the Florida beaches that I mentioned, the storm surge was so great that it pushed the sand and the dunes up into the houses that were on the west side of the road and across the road and into the buildings on the east side of the islands. So it cut people off. You if you had not evacuated, you couldn't get off the island. And if you had evacuated, you couldn't get back on because there was just no way to get vehicles across until they could bring in excavators to move all of the sand. And the sand, in addition to the flooding, caused a lot of damage to a lot of buildings. So, the heaviness of the sand plus the water plus not being able to get all that wet sand out quickly enough, mold became a really big issue. >> And then two weeks later, you had Hurricane Milton. >> Yeah. So with Helen, the houses at the bottom of our street, they did flood. They were right on the water. They had four to five ft of water in the houses. It never made it to our house. We're 13 ft above water. But the bottom of the street, the cars, the trucks were flooded up to their beds. So it made me nervous when they said Milton was bigger. It was heading straight for us. it was potentially going to come up into the bay, which would have been a huge issue because it would have been contained in there as it came through. So, we decided to evacuate. We evacuated out to Orlando. We left pretty early in the week just to make sure that we could get out. Traffic was already bad. And so, we ended up in in Orlando [clears throat] for about 5 days because Milton slowed down. And so we had left and then it slowed down and then it took longer to get to the coast. It did hit and then it continued on. It actually followed us to Orlando, [laughter] but by the time it reached Orlando, it wasn't quite as strong as it was here. >> So you got off on that one, but again pretty unpleasant experience particularly when you haven't got the flood insurance. So just taking a higher level view then. So I know Florida is mandating flood insurance or certainly for many people by 2027 I believe. But it seems to be like a tension here. Something's not working, is it? Some point it does become unaffordable. Is there a solution that needs to be considered to resolve it? >> Yeah, it's a really hard situation. So the mandated flood insurance is for anyone who is on citizens. Our neighbors, they are an additional 2 ft above sea level from us. They still have their citizens insurance and they have had to get flood insurance at that higher premium. So it's anywhere from $2,000 to three or $4,000 a year for that flood insurance for us because we're not on citizens anymore. We're not required to have it, at least not yet. So citizens will move you off. They will shop around for you and they will move you off of their policies. If they find an insurer that is within 20% of the cost of what you're paying with them, that insurer by that they move you to is required to keep the cost the same for a year. After that, they can put the price up. And this is where it gets really sticky for people because just this month we got our new bill for the year and our homeowners insurance increased by 50%. So we had homeowners insurance that aligned with what we'd had with citizens before and now it is exponentially higher because that carrier is allowed to increase the price. It's you don't win either way is the problem. You stay on citizens, you have a lower insurance, homeowners insurance, but you're required to have expensive flood insurance. Or you're moved off of Citizens, you're no longer required to have flood insurance, but after a year, your homeowners insurance could increase exponentially. I think for a lot of people, it does start to get untenable. It becomes a huge part of what they're paying on their mortgages every year. If you have a mortgage, you have to have insurance. One person, we have a friend who lives down in Fort Meers area. He owns his home and so he self-insures, so he's pretty handy. He fixes up his house after it's flooded in the past. But the cost of insurance is going up and makes people's mortgages ever increasing over the course of the years. So for us, it was one of the deciding factors in now is the time to sell because our mortgage had basically gone up over $1,000 a month in the last few years based on the insurance. And it's hard for us because we've come from a state where it is relatively inexpensive for insurance and property insurance. Our property insurance here is extremely high. And we came from a state in South Carolina where our property insurance was $1,100 a year. So we have that comparison. I'm sure for some people who have lived here their entire lives, this is just normal. high insurance, high property tax. I was going to say, so we had already been thinking about moving, but it kind of pushed the timeline up because doesn't make sense. It just becomes ridiculous. >> Yeah, there's only so much sunshine you can offset against higher costs and higher risks. And what's your sense again you've got a perspective from your professional job of the insurance companies are charging so much because they just don't either want the risk. You said companies are withdrawing. They don't have good enough data or maybe they can't find the data because there's lots of companies now producing more and more high resolution data. Flood is a very difficult one to be able to manage when you add in you've got rain, you've got storm surge as you said. Nonetheless, the data is improving. Have you got a sense is there to look some rosy future where data gets more available and pricing insurance gets more localized and therefore incentivizes people to mitigate or not be in a flood plane. Is there something positive to look forward out there? >> I think so. You know, as you say, the data will get better. I have a unique view on it because I see it from both sides. So, I see it from a consumer side where I look at my insurance. I've not had a claim, but it's going up and as a homeowner, it's frustrating. But I also see it from the carrier side because I talk to carriers all the time and I understand that it's not just me who doesn't have a claim that they're insuring. They have to ensure the people like my neighbors down at the bottom of the street who had like say four to 5t of water in their houses and that has to be covered. And so every year we have these storms. Last year we were really lucky. We had a very quiet hurricane season, but you don't know if that's going to be the case. You could have a year like 2024 where you have Helen and you have Milton come through and now the insurance companies are having to pay out probably millions and millions of dollars to homeowners who they insure. I don't know what the fix is there. There has to be enough money to pay the claims, but you also have to make it so that people can afford the insurance, otherwise they won't get it. Something new that we have here in Florida after Helen and Milton is a program called Elevate Florida. And basically it is a governmentbacked program where if the cost to the repair the house is more than 50% of the value you would be required with help from the government to elevate your home and the government pays 75% of the cost and the homeowner is required to pay 25%. That can be a big burden on a homeowner still. So, it's not a magic bullet by any means for this, but it's been fascinating to watch around us. Some houses will demolish and build brand new and build an elevated structure. Some are digging the houses out of the ground from the foundation and raising them up and building underneath them. And then one house we've seen as well is building on top of the original structure. So, I'm guessing from what I've seen so far is that they will make the original house structure, the garage, and they've built a new house directly on top of what was there. And this is a way to help with flooding in the future or prevent homes from being flooded. Everything that gets flooded would be parking garage, storage space, things like that. And they have to elevate above the flood levels set by the government for the area they're in. So it's different for each house. >> That's so fascinating. The elevate Florida. I mean literally elevate. The same thing happened in the whole of Seattle. They basically gave up the ground story made the basement because of flooding. But the floor that wasn't street level is now underground and the floor that was one story higher up is now ground level. >> So I grew up in a house that was built for flooding. I grew up in an area called Temp's Made for anybody who knows it. It's at the end of the Elizabeth line now. And the house I grew up in was built with nothing on the ground floor because it was before the temp's barrier was built. So it was built in case of flooding. All the houses in the area that I grew up. So it's fascinating to see it happening here in Florida where these concrete block houses are built on the ground and now they're being lifted. >> Wow. I didn't know that. The elevate terms meet as opposed to elevate Florida figure out. So that's a good link into your day job. So at data insights you're a business development director for the insurance practice. You could summarize you what problem are you solving for your clients? >> Just for anyone who doesn't know who data insights is, we are the coming together of several firms with really deep roots in insurance and financial services. We have five companies now including InStech. I work in the insurance practice. You guys fall into my world. So we serve the insurance market in four ways. We have our advisory memberships which are ongoing access to our adviserss for research briefings, strategic sounding. You're trying to make a decision. Think of us as consultants down the hole as it were. Second is research and benchmarking. We have real data on what carriers are spending on technology, which vendors are gaining traction and where the gaps are. We just released our annual IT budgets and projects report which has been very well received and is every year. Third, we do custom consulting. So whether that's a vendor selection for a core system replacement, IT strategy development or process improvement work, it's scoped around the problem and grounded in what's working across the market. So best practices with a proven methodology that we have executed on for decades now. And then we have our events and community space. So I'm getting ready to head out to Boston next week for our annual insurance leaders technology forum where we'll have about 150 carrier leaders in rooms talking about what's working, what isn't, especially focused around AI right now. And I know this is where InStech really shines in creating that community and bringing together executives. something we're uh really learning from you a regional perspective of something that we're rolling out this year with bringing together some of the vendors and solution providers to meet with our carrier clients and and talk in kind of half-day sessions. Now, what ties all of it together is where our experts come from. Our advisers, our principles are ex techchnologists. So they've sat in the seats that we're advising on. They're former CIOS, their former heads of claims, former underwriting technology leaders. So they've sat in the seats and they're here working with DOS because they enjoy being able to help their peers in the industry. I get to speak with so many CIOS and their teams on a daily basis and and hear what's happening not only in the technology space but also in the overall insurance industry. I have a lot of fun having those conversations and then learning how we can help and how we can support their transformation efforts across the coming years. I'm certainly happy to talk forever about what it is we do here, but [laughter] I'll leave it there. No, that's great. Carrie, before we finally wrap up, always love to hear people's recommendation for something they're listening to, watching, or reading just now. So, anything you would direct people to? >> Yeah, absolutely. My favorite podcast right now is The Rest is History. So, I've been currently listening to their episodes about Jon of Ark and the story of Richard III and the Princess of the Tower as another part of his series. So, it's really interesting to see how that series ties back into real history. cast and I'm currently reading Tom Holland's book Millennium which is it's fascinating to read it. >> Well, I too am a great fan of the rest of his history and I'm actually reading Dominick Sambrook's book about 1970s 1974 as we do. I get great inspiration from what they do and then just extraordinary knowledge. My recent listen to one about the history or recent history of Iran and the sha of Iran and what Carter was doing and put sort of current situation into real context. No, great podcast. I also thoroughly recommend it. That was really helpful. Thank you for sharing that sort of personal story about your insurance. It sounds like it's a little bit traumatic might be too strong a word, but certainly stressful with insurance and then also having to be not quite the eye of the hurricane, but be exposed to it. So, I hope things settle down a bit with your next move somewhere maybe where insurance is easier to get and less risky exposed. Carrie, thank you very much. No, >> thank you for having me, Matthew. It's been great. I appreciate it. [music] Well, if you've made it this far, chances are you've enjoyed the episode. And if that's the case, we'd love to hear from you. A quick shout out to Dan Morris in particular, who sent Matthew a brilliant message on LinkedIn about the podcast. That kind of feedback genuinely means a lot to us. So, if you've got a favorite episode or a [music] thought to share, reach out to us on LinkedIn and let us know what's been resonating with you. Thanks for listening and we'll see [music] you next time. >> [music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @InsTechOfficial: Enjoyed this episode? More episodes on climate risk, flood insurance and the future of insurance on our YouTube channel 👉 https://www.youtube.com/@InsTechOfficial/podcasts

Subscribe and never miss a new episode 👇
https://www.youtube.com/@InsTechOfficial?sub_confirmation=1

- 10 Florida Cities Where the Insurance Crisis Is So Bad Owners Are Walking Away From Their Homes: Kind: captions Language: en Here is what the Florida real estate story is not telling you. The statewide numbers look fine. Prices up, people moving in, the Sunbelt narrative holding together on paper. But city by city, something different is happening. Homeowners are walking away. Not because the market collapsed, because their insurance carrier sent a non-renewal letter, because the replacement policy costs three times as much, because a house that penciled out in 2021 no longer pencils out in 2026 once you add what insurance actually costs now. This is not a prediction. This is not a future risk. This is happening right now across Florida. Today, we are counting down 10 cities where the insurance crisis is so severe that owners are abandoning their homes. If you own Florida property, you need to watch this. If you are thinking about buying, you really need to watch this. Let us get into it. Cape Coral is the largest city by land area in Florida outside Jacksonville. Over 200,000 people, miles of canals, waterfront lots, the kind of suburban Florida dream that brought retirees and remote workers flooding in during the pandemic years. Prices jumped hard. The median home that sold for 280,000 in 2019 was pushing 450,000 by 2022. Investors bought. Families stretching their budgets bought. And then the insurance industry looked at Cape Coral's flood maps, its hurricane exposure, its canal front density, and started doing its own math. The average homeowner's insurance premium in Cape Coral has gone from roughly $4,000 a year in 2019 to over $11,000 in 2026, according to the Insurance Information Institute. That is a 275% increase in 7 years. On a $400,000 mortgage at 6 and 1/2%, the monthly principal and interest is already around $2,500. Add $11,000 a year in insurance and you are adding another $900 per month. Flood insurance, which is separate and required for most Cape Coral properties, adds another $2,000 to $4,000 annually. The total monthly housing cost for a median Cape Coral home is now pushing $4,500 on a city where the median household income is around $68,000 a year. That math does not work. Over 19% of homes listed for sale in Cape Coral have had their prices cut, according to Redfin. Sellers are not cutting because they want to. They are cutting because buyers are running the full numbers now. Cape Coral is not emptying out, but the insurance crisis has permanently repriced what the canal lifestyle actually costs. Port St. Lucie sits on Florida's Treasure Coast, about an hour north of West Palm Beach. Population over 230,000. The pitch was always the same. Florida weather, space, a house that costs a fraction of what it costs in Miami, and close enough to the coast to feel like a good decision. That pitch worked for a long time. Then the insurance carriers looked at Port St. Lucie's wind exposure and its claims history after a string of active hurricane seasons, and they started leaving. Three major carriers have stopped writing new homeowner policies in Port St. Lucie's zip codes since 2023, according to the Florida Office of Insurance Regulation. When carriers exit a market, the homeowners left behind face a version of musical chairs where the remaining players charge more because they are absorbing more risk. Premiums in Port St. Lucie have risen an average of 41% in 2 years. The overvaluation rate sits at 14.2% according to Zillow, meaning homes are priced about 14% above what local income fundamentals can sustain. When you layer an insurance spike on top of an already overvalued market, you get exactly what Port St. Lucie is showing right now. 21% of all active listings have had price reductions. Days on market are stretching past 60 days on properties that would have gone under contract in a week 3 years ago. The sellers are still hoping the 2022 buyer shows up. That buyer is not coming back at these prices with these insurance bills attached. Lehigh Acres sits just east of Fort Myers, deep in Lee County, one of the hardest hit areas in Florida after Hurricane Ian made landfall in September 2022. The storm caused over $112 billion in damage, the costliest hurricane in Florida history. And in Lehigh Acres, the aftermath revealed something that had been quietly building for years. The insurance market was already breaking before Ian hit. Ian just accelerated everything. Seven Florida-based insurance companies went insolvent between 2022 and 2024, according to the Florida Department of Financial Services. Seven carriers gone. Policyholders were automatically transferred to Citizens Property Insurance, the state-backed insurer of last resort. As of early 2026, Citizens carries over 1.2 million policies, according to its own published data. That is not a safety net anymore. That is the primary insurer for a significant portion of the Florida market. And Citizens premiums are rising under a state-mandated glide path specifically designed to push policyholders back to a private market that does not want them at any price homeowners can afford. In Lehigh Acres, the median home price sits at around $260,000. That sounds affordable until you add an insurance bill averaging $9,000 to $13,000 annually. For a buyer putting 10% down, the monthly insurance cost alone can exceed $1,000. That is before the mortgage. That is before property taxes. 23% of active listings have had price reductions. Some have been reduced twice. The buyers who would have stretched for this market in 2021 are running the full numbers now, and the full numbers do not work. Seven insurers gone, 1.2 million policies pushed onto a state backstop that was never designed to hold them, and a median home that costs more to insure each year than many Americans spend on a car. Lehigh Acres is not collapsing, >> [music] >> but the insurance math here stopped working long before most owners realized it. The assumption most people make about Florida's insurance crisis is that it is a coastal problem. Stay inland, stay away from the beach, and you are safe [music] from the worst of it. Kissimmee is the city that breaks that assumption completely. Kissimmee sits in Osceola County, about 30 minutes south of Orlando. Population over 80,000 in the city proper. It is not on the coast. It is not in a named flood zone for most of its residential neighborhoods. By every intuitive measure, Kissimmee should be insulated from what is happening elsewhere in Florida. It is not. Homeowners insurance premiums in Kissimmee have risen an average of 63% since 2021, according to the Florida Office of Insurance Regulation. Not because of flood maps, because the statewide reinsurance market that backs every Florida insurer, coastal or inland, has repriced Florida risk as a category. When reinsurers, the companies that insure the insurance companies, decided that Florida as a whole represents outsized hurricane risk, every carrier in every Florida zip code felt it. Kissimmee homeowners are paying for the coast even though they do not live on it. The overvaluation problem compounds the insurance problem here. Kissimmee's median home price sits at around $310,000, according to Zillow, against a median household income of approximately $54,000. That is a price-to-income ratio of nearly 5.8. The general rule of thumb for a healthy housing market is three to four. Kissimmee is running nearly double that. 22% of all active listings have had price reductions, according to Redfin. The investors who bought for short-term rental income near the Orlando tourism corridor are now selling into a market where the next buyer is running the same broken numbers. Kissimmee is not collapsing. But the premise that inland Florida is immune to the insurance crisis just took a serious hit. The reinsurance market does not care where your street is. It has repriced the entire state. Ocala is a city of about 67,000 people in Marion County, roughly in the geographic center of Florida. Horse country. Known for its farms, its springs, [music] its relative affordability. During the pandemic, Ocala attracted buyers priced out of Tampa, Orlando, and Jacksonville. Home prices rose sharply. The median jumped from around 160,000 in 2019 to over 260,000 by 2022. A 62% increase in 3 years. And unlike coastal markets, Ocala's insurance picture looked manageable during that run-up. It seemed like the kind of Florida market that offered the lifestyle without the exposure. Then, the condominium crisis arrived. The Champlain Towers South collapse in Surfside in 2021 changed Florida law. New structural inspection requirements for condominiums over three stories and older than 30 years became mandatory. The inspections revealed deferred maintenance problems across hundreds of Florida condo buildings that associations had been quietly ignoring. Insurers, looking at the inspection reports, started either refusing to write policies on affected buildings or pricing those policies at levels that made monthly condo ownership in Ocala look nothing like the purchase price suggested. Condo owners in Ocala are receiving special assessment notices for structural repairs running from 20,000 to over $60,000 per unit, according to Florida Realtors. >> For retirees on fixed incomes who bought Ocala condos specifically because they were affordable, a $50,000 special assessment is not a line item. It is a crisis. The inventory of Ocala condos has risen 31% year-over-year. Days on market have stretched past 75 days on units that were selling in 2 weeks in 2022. Buyers are reading the HOA disclosure documents, seeing the pending assessments and the insurance costs baked into the monthly fees, and pulling out of contracts. Ocala is not crashing. But, the affordable inland retirement story that drove this market for years has been repriced by inspection requirements and insurance costs that no one saw coming when they signed. If you are still here watching insurance bills dismantle Florida's housing market city by city, we are the same kind of people. Subscribe. This channel covers Florida every single day, and the numbers only get more interesting from here. Daytona Beach sits on Florida's northeast coast, Volusia County, population around 72,000. One of the most recognizable names in Florida, synonymous with affordable coastal access that made it attractive to buyers who could not afford prices further south. The median home sits at around $240,000, cheap by Florida coastal standards. That affordability made Daytona Beach a consistent target for investors and buyers looking for value on the water. The problem is that coastal affordability in Florida in 2026 means something specific to insurance carriers. It means wind mitigation requirements, flood zone designations, and carriers still writing policies. Charging rates that reflect what a bad hurricane season actually costs. Annual homeowners insurance premiums in Daytona Beach coastal zip codes are now averaging between 14,000 and $19,000, depending on the age of the home, Insurance Regulation. For a buyer purchasing a $240,000 home with 20% down, the mortgage at 6 and 1/2% runs about $1,200 a month. The insurance alone adds between 1,100 and $1,500 per month on top of that. The total monthly payment before taxes and utilities is now between 2,300 and $2,700. On Volusia County's median household income of around $58,000, that [music] payment consumes over 50% of gross monthly income. Lenders cap debt-to-income ratios at 43% for most conventional loans. The insurance cost alone is pushing buyers out of qualification before they factor in property taxes. 26% of all active listings in Daytona Beach have had price reductions, according to Redfin. More than one in four sellers conceding that their original asking price assumed a buyer who could absorb these carrying costs. The cash flow that justified investor purchases here no longer exists once you run insurance plus management fees plus the softening of post-pandemic travel demand. They are selling. The buyers they hope to find are looking at the full monthly cost and choosing differently. The affordable coastal access story that drove this market for years has been fundamentally repriced. And in Daytona Beach, that repricing is showing up in every listing that just cut its price for the second time this quarter. The shock entry on this list is not a small coastal town or an overheated market. It is Jacksonville. The largest city in Florida by land area, population over 1 million, the economic anchor of northeast Florida with a deepwater port, >> four military installations, a financial services sector, health care, and logistics. Jacksonville is supposed to be the kind of city that weathers corrections because the economic base is too diversified for one factor to dominate. That assumption is being tested right now. Jacksonville's insurance market has deteriorated faster than most residents expected. The same reinsurance repricing that hit Kissimmee hit Jacksonville. The same carrier exits that stripped options from Port St. Lucie stripped options from Jacksonville neighborhoods east of I-95, where older housing stock sits closer to the St. Johns River flood plain. In Duval County, the number of active insurance carriers writing new homeowner policies dropped from 22 in 2020 to 11 in 2026, according to the Florida Office of Insurance Regulation. When you cut the competitive field in half, premiums do not stay flat. Average annual premiums in Jacksonville have increased 68% since 2021. On a city where the median home price is approximately $312,000 and the median household income is around 62,000, that increase is not absorbed quietly. It shows up in the monthly payment math that buyers run before they make offers. The military presence that Jacksonville residents cite as a stabilizing force has its own insurance dimension rarely discussed. Service members using VA loans are discovering that VA loan approval does not insulate them from the insurance market. The loan is guaranteed. The insurance premium is not. A service member qualifying for a $300,000 VA purchase in Jacksonville in 2026 is looking at an insurance bill that has no relationship to what that same property cost to insure in 2020. Over 20% of active Jacksonville listings have had price reductions, according to Zillow. Days on market have stretched to an average of 61 days, up from 23 days in 2022. Jacksonville has not lost its economic momentum, but it has lost the buyer confidence that defined it for half a decade, and the insurance bill is the primary reason why. Sarasota has spent years at the top of every best places to live in Florida list. The art scene, the Gulf beaches, the relative sophistication compared to other coastal markets. It attracted affluent retirees, remote workers with equity from California and the northeast, second home buyers who wanted Gulf access without the chaos of Naples. For years, that premium demand kept Sarasota insulated from corrections hitting cheaper markets. The logic was that premium buyers could absorb higher costs. Premium buyers have limits, too. Sarasota County sits on the Gulf of Mexico. Hurricane Ian made landfall roughly 60 miles south in 2022. The storm track spared Sarasota from the worst of the surge, but the insurance market did not spare Sarasota from the aftermath. Carriers that had been underwriting Gulf Coast exposure for decades looked at Ian's damage totals, looked at their reinsurance costs for the following year, and began repricing or exiting. Annual homeowners insurance premiums for a median Sarasota home, valued at approximately $550,000, according to Redfin, now range from 18,000 to $31,000 annually, depending on the home's age, construction type, and distance from the water. On a $550,000 and 1/2% runs approximately $2,700 a month. Insurance at the median of roughly $20,000 annually adds another $1,667 per month. The total monthly payment before property taxes is now pushing $4,400. Sarasota County property taxes on a median home add another $600 to $750 monthly. The full carrying cost of a median Sarasota home in 2026 is approaching $65,000 a year. That is more than the median household income of most American cities. Entirely spent on one house. The ultra-wealthy end of the Sarasota market, homes above 2 million, is still moving. Buyers at that level are not financing and are carrying insurance as a rounding error, but the broad middle of the market, $500 to $900,000, where retiring professionals and equity-rich relocators were competing 2 years ago, is showing real strain. 31% of active Sarasota listings have had price reductions, according to Redfin, nearly one in three sellers. The insurance market does not grade on a curve for desirability. It prices for risk. And Sarasota's Gulf Coast risk profile is expensive, regardless of how beautiful the sunsets are. If you are still watching at number three, as Florida's most desirable market start showing up on this list, subscribe. The top two are the ones that will change how you think about this state entirely. Tampa is the number two entry, and it is the one that shocks people. Major League sports, a booming downtown, financial services, healthcare, the University of South Florida. Tampa's economic story over the past decade has been one of the most compelling in the Sunbelt. The median home price hit approximately $400,000 at the peak in 2022. In 2026, it feels like a number the market cannot sustain. Tampa sits on a bay that the National Hurricane Center has identified as one of the most vulnerable major metropolitan areas in the country to a direct hurricane strike because of the bay's geometry and the density of low-lying development surrounding it. Insurance carriers are not ignoring that research. They are pricing it. Average annual homeowner's insurance premiums in Tampa have reached $14,000 to $22,000, depending on location and home age, For a buyer purchasing a $400,000 home with 20% down, the mortgage runs approximately $2,200 a month. Insurance at the median adds $1,500 per month. The total monthly payment before property taxes is $3,700. On Hillsborough County's median $66,000, that payment consumes 67% of gross monthly income. That is not a mortgage. That is the entire paycheck. Realtor.com projected a negative 2.1% price decline for the Tampa metro in 2026, the first projected annual decline for a market that spent years as one of the fastest appreciating in America. On a $400,000 home, that is $8,400 in lost value in a single year. For homeowners who bought at the peak with minimal down payments, that decline is not just a paper loss. It is equity that no longer exists as a cushion between what they owe and what the home is worth. 24% of active Tampa listings have had The condo market is struggling under the combined weight of structural inspection requirements, rising HOA fees, insurance costs that have made older Tampa buildings nearly uninsurable at rational prices, and a buyer pool that has stepped back entirely. Tampa is not going to stop being Tampa, but the math of owning property here in 2026 is a fundamentally different calculation than it was in 2021. And for anyone who bought at the peak expecting Tampa prices to only go up, that negative projection is not just a number on a screen. It is real money that is no longer in their pocket. Number one on this list is the entry that will surprise people, not because Miami is unknown, because Miami was supposed to be the exception, the international city, the luxury destination, the market that foreign buyers, hedge funds, and wealthy relocators from New York and California turned into one of the hottest real estate stories in the country between 2020 and 2023. Miami was supposed to transcend the problems hitting everywhere else because demand was global, supply was constrained, and the buyer pool had no ceiling. That story is changing right now. Miami-Dade recorded a negative 4.3% median home price decline in 2025, according to Redfin data. In a county where the median home price sits at approximately $620,000, negative 4.3% is $26,600 in lost value in 1 year, gone on paper. That is a down payment on a home in most American cities, evaporated from the balance sheet of owners who bought at or near the peak. And the force driving that decline is the same force that has appeared in every city on this list, scaled to match Miami's price points. Homeowner's insurance premiums in Miami-Dade now average between $24,000 and $42,000 annually for properties at the county median, according to the The range is that wide because it depends on the age of the building, the floor, if it is a condo, the distance from the coast, and which carrier is still willing to write the policy at all. For many Miami properties, particularly condos built before 2000, the answer to that last question is Citizens, the state-backed insurer of last resort, because the private market has effectively exited those buildings entirely. A 40-year-old Miami condo carrying a $600,000 price tag and a $42,000 annual insurance bill is not a $600,000 asset. It is a liability structured to look like an asset until the renewal notice arrives. The Surfside collapse and the subsequent Florida condo inspection laws have layered a specific additional cost onto Miami's condo market that does not exist in the same way for single-family homes. Remediation costs in Miami are running from $50,000 to over $120,000 per unit in the most severely affected buildings, according to Florida Realtors Association reporting. Owners who cannot afford the special assessment are selling. Owners who can afford it are questioning whether a building that just levied a $100,000 assessment is a sound long-term investment. The condo inventory in Miami-Dade has risen 43% year over year, according to Zillow. Days on market for condos now average 89 days, up from 26 days in 2022. That is three times as long to find a buyer. Three times as long means three more months of insurance premiums, three more months of HOA fees on a building that may levy another assessment before the current one is paid off. The international buyer who was supposed to insulate Miami from domestic corrections still exists at the luxury tier. Cash buyers from Latin America, Europe, and the Middle East are still [music] closing deals in new construction with modern wind mitigation and known manageable insurance figures. But the resale market, the broad middle of Miami-Dade, where working professionals and first-time buyers were supposed to participate, has lost [music] that buyer pool almost entirely. A household earning Miami-Dade's median income of approximately $68,000 cannot qualify for a mortgage on a $600,000 home and cannot absorb a $30,000 annual insurance bill. The math is not close. It is not a matter of stretching. It simply does not work. 38% of active Miami-Dade listings have had price reductions, according to Redfin. More than one in three sellers acknowledging that the price they started with assumed a buyer who no longer exists at that number. Some of those sellers will eventually find their buyer. Many will not. Miami is not going to become affordable. It is not going to stop being Miami, but the idea that Miami real estate is a one-way ticket took a direct hit from an insurance market that does not care about the view from the 42nd floor. A negative 4.3% decline in the most celebrated market in Florida is not a footnote. It is a signal. The insurance crisis is not a coastal problem, or an inland problem, or a condo problem, or a single-family problem. It is a Florida problem, and it has reached the top of the market. Those are 10 Florida cities that owners are walking away from their homes. From Cape Coral to Kissimmee to Miami, the statewide headlines about population growth and rising prices are real. But behind those numbers, there are real cities, real insurance bills, and real people making the calculation that the home they bought is no longer the financial decision they thought they were making.

  Top Comments:
  1. @martingainty9623 [1 likes]: I looked at Sarasota Jan 2025
In April 2026 ALL of the properties are STIll on the market and have lost 100k in Value
The lowest home insurance I found was 12k/year or 1k/month
Its a bloodbath for RE agents and sellers alike

- Florida Car Insurance Explained PIP, Bodily Injury, UM and More: Kind: captions Language: en-US David, I got to tell you a story. And it's a sad story because it starts off with one of my clients on a normal day, bright and sunny, on their way to work. My client has a seatbelt on. He's early. He's got his morning coffee. He's stopped at the light waiting to make a turn. And what happens next is unthinkable. He gets rear ended. He spills his coffee. And that's how his morning starts. And how it starts and how it ends. Maybe very similar, unfortunately for my client, but it's something that we need to discuss because I want to make sure that everybody's aware of what can happen on that treacherous day. Got any guesses for me? No one had insurance, did they? Well, that's part of the story, David. Yes, insurance does play an important part. But it wasn't just the other side's insurance that was really frightening. It's what insurance? My own client had. That's the true reality of what's out there today. That I think that we need to discuss and talk about. So, yes. Is it important for the other side? Is it important for you to have insurance to cover other people if you cause an accident? Of course. Right. Because it protects you if you make a mistake, if you. Your foot slips off the glass of the gas, or if you make that left hand turn and you didn't see that car coming and you hurt somebody else, you do want to have protection. But what about your own insurance, David? What do you know about your own insurance? So I'm David, not a lawyer. I'm here with Armando Edmonson, and he is a lawyer. Personal injury law has an office here in Tampa and in Saint Pete. Covers all of Florida. So what we're going to talk about today is car insurance in plain English, not just what you would have to protect other people if you cause an accident, but to protect yourself when someone else causes an accident and they don't have the right kind of insurance. So what's the basic thing that you think everybody already knows and where they're wrong? Just to start us off. I think one of the things that I hear all the time, David, is that I have full coverage. That's one of the things that I hear all the time. I'm like, what is full coverage mean? Is there a universal meaning for full coverage? And I think that that should be the starting point. And I think the other thing that's really important, David, is you need to look at your insurance policy. You should review your insurance policy yearly to make sure that it covers what you want to cover, and that it protects you in case you're involved in an accident that you didn't cause. So I think that's part of the topics we're going to cover right now in the conversation. Right. What Florida actually requires of people and how it's the absolute bare minimum, what the coverages in someone's declarations page actually mean and what it's going to cover for them, and kind of why we're both almost obsessed with uninsured motorist coverage. Because I have it on myself. And I'll tell you later a story on thank God I did have it. All right. So if you own a car in Florida, stick with us for the next 20 to 30 minutes, David, and you're going to learn more than you've learned in the last 20 years. So let's start at the beginning. If someone owns a car here in Florida, they have to get it registered. But they actually have to have insurance, right, to be able to register that car and be illegal. So before you leave the car dealership, actually the car dealership has to make sure you carry the minimum requirements in Florida. And so you know that that begs the question, David, what are the minimum requirements? Right. What is it that we have to have? What is it that we require of citizens of Florida to own a car? And that's two things. First, it's going to be Pip personal injury protection. And the second one is property damage. Those are the two things that you must carry if you own a vehicle in Florida. So I think what most people are going to ask, well, if I have Pip and a property damage coverage, I'm fully covered, right? Good. That's what most people think. Like I have coverage. Well, that's actually the basic coverage. And really I like to talk a little bit more so that you understand what are those two coverages and what does it cover. So first is let's talk about Pip. You know do you know what Pip stands for personal injury protection. Correct. And so do you know where that came from where it stems from. I don't actually so Pip actually came about because the citizens of Florida decided right through the legislature that we did not want to clog the system up with minor crashes. So they invented the insurance company, came up with this personal injury protection benefits. And what it was designed to do is if you get involved in a minor car accident, irregardless of fault, you regardless of fault, you would have up to $10,000 to pay for your medical bills, right away. That's what they mean when they say no fault coverage. That's what they mean when they say no fault. Really. So it's that really no fault. It's just irregardless of fault, you're regardless of fault. You have $10,000, right? You don't have to wait. You don't have to figure out who's at fault. You don't have to let the insurance companies make a claim against each other, or you make a claim against an insurance company. You have an automatic $10,000 that will be paid by your own insurance company. So that 10,000 that covers medical bills, covers medical bills. What about lost wages? So they offer a benefit that allows them to cover up to 60% of your lost wages. But you have to elect that coverage as part of your Pip or personal injury protection. Also, David, it's important to note that Pip does not cover 100% of your medical expenses. Okay. So the way Pip works is you have to choose a deductible and that can be either zero. It can be $500 $1000 or $2000. So if you have, for example, a $1,000 deductible of Pip, Pip will not pay anything until you've at least exceeded $1,000 in medical bills. So the first thousand dollars is on you. That's your deductible. And after that, Pip is going to pay 80% of reasonable medical expenses. There's still will be a 20% copay or deductible, up to 10,000, up to 10,000. So I have a $12,500 bill. I'm still stuck with the first thousand and the remaining 2500. Not only the first thousand and 2500, it's not paying 100% in the middle. Remember, it's going to pay 80% of the bill. There's going to be 20% along the way. Yeah. And, what about the 14 day rule that goes with Pip? So I'm glad that you brought that up. One of the things that we get a lot of calls about, David, is that people are involved in a fender bender, right? Which they think is like, no big deal. Like, has minimum property damage, maybe scratches on the bumper. And they're like, I'm sor. And they think that they're going to tough it out. You have 14 days from the date of the accident to be seen by a qualified medical provider, which is defined by the law, who is a qualified medical provider to be a chiropractor, urgent care hospital. Right. These are it could be a nurse practitioner. Once these people check you out, they have to certify that you suffered an emergency medical condition to open up those Pip benefits. If you fail to be seen within those 14 days. Then the insurance company is off the hook. And they have do not owe you anything under your personal injury And this is where somebody gets rare and they think I'm okay. I got a headache, my neck sore, but it'll be fine a couple days later. They're not fine, but they think it'll go away a week later. It never went away. They hit the two week mark. It's gone. That's that's it. Or you have the other senior, right where people are in pain or discomfort. They like to use that word discomfort. And they're busy, right. They can't miss work. They can't they don't have childcare that that they have numerous reasons why they can't get to the doctor or they don't know where to go, believe it or not. So not every place will see you for a car accident. So I know family practice doctors. That's one of the places, right? If you get sick, typically you would call your family practitioner and say, hey, I was above an accident. They will probably not see you, which is interesting to me right there. Why can't why wouldn't your family practice doctor? See, you ever thought about that? That is pretty interesting. Well, here's the reason why. Right? First, if. If he sees you for the car accident. Now he knows that Pip is supposed to pay for your visit, which is personal injury protection. Well, most family practice offices do not have a builder that knows how to build car insurance. So if I was a family practice doctor and I wanted to see car accident victims, I would probably have to have two builders. And so they don't want to do that. So instead they just say, you know what? We're going to refuse to see you go see either a chiropractor that has a that knows how to bill Pip or another physician's office or an urgent care. So these medical bills, they rack up really fast, whether it's X-rays, MRI's, E.R. visits, any of that. They get up really quick. So you hit that 10,000 fast right? When does the other person's insurance then take care of that? All those medical bills. So the other person's insurance only becomes liable above and beyond the first $10,000. Right. Because you're required by law to have Pip. So they're they're not responsible for any, any of the your first $10,000 medical bills except your deductibles. Right. You have a deductible and your co-payments, which would be the 20% that you owe. So in your example, right, the 12,500, let's say if you're responsible for the first thousand or 500 or 2000 for the deductible, and then they would be responsible after the $10,000. So the 2500. So if the only things that are actually required in Florida is personal injury protection to cover myself and property damage to cover, I back into your car, I hit your car. I have to have property damage to cover damage I caused to your car. What about the damage I caused to you? Well, the damage you cause to me would would be covered under what's called bodily injury. If you elect to have bodily injury, if you don't have it, you just have the state minimums, which is Pip personal injury protection and property damage. Then you personally would be responsible for my damages to my person. So people are not required in Florida to carry insurance to protect people, only people's things. It's kind of weird. Doesn't make any kind of weird to me. It doesn't make any sense. So you can legally drive in Florida and and have zero protection if you hurt somebody else. So you could permanently change somebody's life and not have coverage for it, and then you would be on the hook personally, potentially with a judgment in future wages to help compensate the person that you injured. That's that's a really odd way to go about it, I think, where we're forcing an insurance policy on people to protect physical things moreso than individuals, and that's an election that you have to pick to have. And, you know, we did try to pass mandatory bodily injury coverage in Florida this past year. And it passed the House and it passed the Senate, but the governor vetoed it. And we were trying to pass $25,000 to be the minimum mandatory coverage that everybody would have to have. So if you don't like it, right, your congressman, your congresswoman, your Senate, let him know. Like, you know what? This is not right. People's lives are impacted every day. And to allow somebody to drive a dangerous instrumentality, a car and have no coverage to compensate somebody else, it's just not fair. Okay. So we'll break it down. Pip is to cover medical billing for yourself. No matter who was at fault in the accident. Up to $10,000, 80%. Then we have property damage in case we damage somebody else's vehicle or property in general. Like their fence, their house. Whatever happens to be. Beyond that, like, where's the safety net for insurance? Actually come in for people if they're going to be shopping for a new policy? Well, David, then you have to look, if you're going to get coverage to protect other people, that would be bodily injury, right? You need bodily injury coverage to keep everybody else safe on the road in case and to protect your assets in case you injure somebody. Bodily injuries. What covers those people in the last coverage that's very important is underinsured or uninsured or aka right. Covers you in case you're minding your own business and then underinsured or uninsured motorist causes an accident and hurts you. Now your own insurance company steps into the shoes of the defendant, okay? And will and will be required to pay you will compensate you for your for your injuries. Now, I actually had that happen to me that three years ago right down by Curtis Park downtown. I was out by, you know, where the fountains are by the Children's Museum. It's right there. Somebody's rear ended me at a red light, backed up and took off. So what do you do? Cars damaged. I ended up, I had a herniated disc and a bulging disc. So I went through some treatment. But, yeah, under insured, the, coverage is what I had to dip into for that because it went beyond the cost of the Pip coverage. Well, so I mean, Pip is $10,000 and people are like, wow, that's a lot of money. Well, let's think about it. An ambulance ride. Typically Mullins rides $1,100. Go to the urgent care. They do a couple of CT scans. Right. And you get checked out by the emergency room physicians. You're there for a few hours. That's typically 6 to $8000. You have. Typically after that, you go see a chiropractor, right? Chiropractor visits typically can be $500, 250 to $500 per visit. You need an MRI. One MRI is $2,200. They said, so $10,000 could be gone in a matter of ten days. It could be in the first day. If the hospital goes crazy and they take it a lot of X-rays and they do a lot of imaging, your whole $10,000 is gone. So when people are actually looking at their insurance policies or their shopping price isn't really the thing they should be worried about, is it? Well, I would I would love to say that price isn't what they look at. David Price is important, but what they need to understand are the coverages, right? How can they protect themselves the most for the best price. And that is what is critical. So a statistic for Florida, Florida has what we consider in the insurance reporting. The most uninsured drivers on the road up to 24%. That's that's an average of they're expecting 1 in 4 people driving right now don't have an active insurance policy, even for their own Pip or their, property damage, let alone anything else. Wow. I mean, I can just tell you from our statistics, we lose approximately 30 to 40% of our cases. Monthly payment to no coverage, no coverage or state minimums, which means no bodily injury. So my client's left holding the bag, right, for the medical bills, for their pain and suffering and their future care because the other side did not have bodily injury and my client did not have uninsured motorist. So you could still you could get hit by somebody on the road who has the legal insurance, and you're still completely left with all of the billing in your own lap. Sad truth, David, but yes, I mean, so you need to check your insurance policies, right? And so, you know, you brought up an interesting point. Like everybody's so obsessed with trying to save money. But really what we want to teach people and what I want everybody to learn is, well, how can I get the best rate in the most coverage for me to protect me? That's that's really what I think is the most important thing that we, we need to teach people. So I was going to ask here when, when people come in here and they call you after a car accident, that wasn't their fault. I mean, you're going to ask them about their insurance. What what when they when they answer you about their own insurance policy. What gives you that relief knowing. All right, they'll be taken care of. And what goes inside of you goes, oh, man, oh, man. Well, you know, the first question I always ask is, do you know what coverages you have? And 90% of the people do not know what coverages they have, right, David. And so I ask them to send me a copy of their declarations page. And if I look at that declarations page and I see uninsured motorist or uninsured motorist and they have that coverage, I feel a lot better because I know that my client will at least have this amount of protection. They're not 100% relying amongst that other vehicle that hit them and their insurance policy. They took out their own protection for themselves. But if I look at that declarations page and my client has the state minimums, right, property damage and Pip, then I'm 100%. It gives me a little bit of a second, because now we are 100% relying amongst that person that clearly can't drive. Now I have to rely on the person that can't drive to have had enough insurance. Funny enough, since living here, I've been here in Florida seven years now and, you know, I've, I've updated and changed my insurance policy throughout the times. To that's why I have the uninsured now, make sure I have that always the bodily injury. I always make sure I have that on my policy, too. But I've never had an insurance agent tell me. Hey, you should get uninsured motorist coverage because this is how it's going to help you. Because there's so many people without policies. I've never had an agent tell me that. I've heard you don't need it. It's going to save you money if you don't have it. Why do you think agents might tell people that and say, I don't have an answer and I'm just speculating, David, I don't know why that is. I think part of it is for lack of education. And I think that the uninsured motorist part really doesn't, doesn't drive money to the bottom line. So I think that the insurance companies don't push it. Right. If it's a product that doesn't make me a lot of money, why do I want my agents selling it? When you think of what are agents, agents, it's just a sales force. It's a sales force. Right. And if I'm an insurance company, I'm a for profit corporation, which means I want to make the most profit I can. Then I want to push products that make me the most money. And one of the things that's interesting about uninsured motors, right? When you think about what how an insurance company calculates your rate. And I pondered this. And, you know, they take into consideration your credit score. They take into consideration your zip code, they take into consideration your accident history. your driving record. The one thing they can't really calculate is how likely are you to be hit by an uninsured or underinsured motorist. So I think it's the one thing they can't really quantify. And remember, insurance companies are really good with numbers, David. I mean that's right. That's where I got the statistics. Was the insurance reports that were showing anywhere over the past several years, between 16 and 24% of drivers are uninsured. And what they're noticing and the claims that are filed. So they know that that's how many people are driving without insurance even. But they can't calculate. What is your specific risk of getting hit by that 24%? Yeah. So I think that it's it's not it's not a big moneymaker for them. David. That is my best educated guess as to why they don't push it. I mean, I could almost I think this is just my assumption right. If I'm going to sell you a product knowing that 1 in 4 people don't have insurance, and if you happen to get in an accident with that one out of four, well, I'm going to have to pay out even more because you bought this thing that doesn't make me much money in the first place, so why push it? Why tell you and educate you on why you should actually have it to protect yourself? That's just me and my assumptions. Although I, I think I think that they should, David. I think that, you know, but that's why we want to educate the public, right? That's why we're making these talks in these videos, that to really provoke thought on people and, and help them make better decisions to protect themselves. So we have Pip mandatory if you have an insurance policy, it covers your own medical up to ten grams. You have bodily or not. You don't have bodily injury unless you elect for it. Which protects people that you may hurt, that you write if you cause an accident, but now you're going to pay. Other people are required property damage coverage to protect their things. Which is again, super weird to me that we're concerned more about people's things than people's lives, but only up to $10,000. And I don't know if you looked at the price of vehicles, when's the last time you've looked out your window and saw a group of cars that are worth less than $10,000 to go replace it? Well, here's the interesting part, right? It's been $10,000 for 20 years. But what is the price of cars done over the past 20 years? Which gets us now to the comprehensive and collision portions of people's insurance policies. Right. So you're financing a car, your leasing a car. You have to have comprehensive in collision. Why protects the person giving you the loan so they can get their money back. The banks. But it doesn't protect other people. It protects the bank. The person loaning you the money. Correct. Right. But who who do you think should have comprehensive in collision and then other the other than people leasing a car or financing a car right now there's there are people that you think should have it. Well I think that okay. So let's go over the covers because really I want to make sure everybody knows well what is collision coverage. Right. Collision coverage is the coverage that replaces your car or fixes your car if you get into an accident regardless of fault, right. So if I cause an accident, I'm going to use my collision coverage to fix or replace my vehicle. Right? If I don't cause an accident, then we actually have a choice statement. I can go in. I can use the other person's insurance company if they have enough coverage, right? They have enough coverage for property damage. So when we were talking about that $10,000, that's the minimum. If they have 25,000 and 50,000, 100,000, okay. Or do they have the state minimum of ten. So if I'm if I'm in a car accident, it's not my fault. I can use their coverage if they have enough. If they don't have enough, then I have to use my, my collision coverage. So that's collision coverage. And typically there's a deductible. It's either 500 1000 or 2000. So that means that if my car is totaled then and I have a $1,000 deductible, then the insurance company will pay me the value of my car -$1,000, because that was my deductible. The other type of coverage is comprehensive, right? So comprehensive covers damage to the vehicle caused by fires, hail, tree falling on it, things like that. Vandalism, theft, vandalism. And so that's also has a a deductible. It could be 500 1000 or 2000. So what I recommend or what I tell people is like, look, if you can't afford to replace your car that you should have collision. Right. And comprehensive. Now what I do look at is I don't have to have a $250 deductible or $500 deductible. Maybe I can maybe for 2000. If I have a $2,000 deductible, it's only going to cost me $50. That seems like a good deal to me, right? For $50, something happens in my car. They're going to pay me the value -$2,000. So I think if you have a vehicle that's, you know, let's say less than five years old, they've it's probably worth it if you have a vehicle that's older, then maybe it's not worth it, right? I mean, if my vehicle's worth $3,000, $4,000 and collision is going to cost me $1,000 every six months, I'm going to pay two grand a year to replace a 4000 car. I rather run the risk that I'll drive that car more than two years. You're leasing a car, you're financing it. You have to have a car. Don't have a choice. But that's to protect the loan money that was given to you in case it was destroyed. But that's going to cover it. Doesn't matter whose fault it really was in collision. Comprehensive. All the other stuff. Tree falls on it. Someone vandalized, is it? It gets caught in a flood. These basic things, right? Yes. One of the other things that goes along with that, though, David, that we haven't talked about is gap insurance. So if you put very little money down on a car, right, there's no money down a lot of people to sign and drive. Those are very famous. Not sign and drive. Right. Just come buy new car, sign it. Boom. Well you're probably going to be upside down on that car. So gap coverage is an is an extra coverage. You can either get through your car insurance or you can get it at the time you take out the loan. And that coverage will protect you in case whatever value that other insurance company gives you for your car doesn't cover the amount to pay off your loan. So that's also important if you put very little money down. Now, if you put 20% down on your car, you don't need gap insurance right between the 20% and the payments that you pay every month, you're not going to be upside down. It's the people that put zero to no money down or very little money down on the car, because around when you buy a car, you have tag taxes, right? You have all these things that add up that have nothing to do with the purchase price. Now what about med pay? That's the coverage I've heard about. Yes. So med pay is another add on coverage. I like to say you have your basic coverages, right, that are required. We've already talked about Pip. We talked about PD. Those are required. You have your elective but very important coverages bodily injury right. And uninsured motorist. So now you have an add on which would be med pay okay. So med pay is another form of money that is used to fill the gaps right of your deductible for Pip. Right. Whether it's 500,000 or 2000. And to help pay for the 20% that Pip is not going to pay, and to also go above and beyond the $10,000. So med pay you can get it typically in a thousand, 2000, 5000 or $10,000. And that will be in addition to the Pip. And then the person is always extras, Roadside assistance, rental car towing coverages. These are just options that people can add on. And I think these are things that people can consider depending on their own personal situation. Yes, I think these are things that are that you can consider, but I don't think you should give up these essential coverages for the add on coverages. Right? Yeah. So I think that everybody's situation is different. Right. And I think that you should speak with somebody qualified to give you advice on what, you know, go over your particular situation. But again you have to have Pip you have to have PD. But I would not recommend getting med pay. I wouldn't recommend getting towing. I wouldn't recommend getting, what's the other service? Roadside roadside assistance, right. If you don't have bodily injury, you don't have uninsured motorist. So let's talk about the budget insurance plans that we see advertised everywhere. Drive for only $29 a month and be insured and covered. What's the reality of that? There isn't a plan for $29. I think the hook is they want to have you call them, right? They want to put you in the most basic plan for a couple reasons. One is they tell you it saves you the most amount of money. But the reality is they make money on that plan, right? Obviously. And they leave you exposed. So I'm not sure that that they're they're really looking out for your best interest, which you know, brings me another good point, David. You know, one of the things that I always want to ask an insurance agent is, is there a fiduciary obligation to me? Do you have a fiduciary obligation? Because if they do, they're supposed to put you in what's best for you. But I can't think of a time when an insurance agent for car insurance is ever like, well, let me understand your assets. Let me understand what you own. Let me understand your situation. All they want to know is what is your budget? And I don't think that's the right question. Right? The right question needs to be, what do we need to protect? Because if you're asking me what is your budget? And that's the only thing I know about you, how can I recommend the right coverage for you? I think that's the wrong question to ask. It should be what is important to protect. And let me explain to you what the different coverages are so that you can tell me more about your situation. I can tell you what I think would fit your situation the best, because if we think about it for you, get that budget plan, the smallest, lowest coverage possible, the state minimum, lowest price. But you're at a red light, you get rear ended, your car is totaled, you end up in the hospital. Yes, you have the lowest price now. You have the most regret because unless the other person has bodily injury coverages that are high enough to cover your bills, you're done. You're left holding the bag. You're done. So even though they caused the accident so that so you know where a lot of those people end up. David. Okay, not only do they have a lot of regret, but they end up in bankruptcy, David, because how else are you going to get rid of 100,000, $200,000 of medical bills? So $29 plan doesn't sound good now. Okay. Right. I mean, you were paying the least amount, but now you've left with debt. You have pain for the rest of your life. You're on the hook for your own future care, and you may have to file for bankruptcy. I look at you, and you were just minding your business, going to work. All right, so let's talk like examples of situations over all these things that we've been talking about in coverage. We have a young driver with an old car completely paid off. Maybe the car costs them $2,000, yet they have no need for comprehensive That's going to cost them a lot of money, right? That's really something they should be concerned about. I would not recommend that they should more or be more concerned. Instead of paying the 50 bucks for a comp and collision, to worry about a $15 uninsured motorist policy and adding some bodily injury just in case they hurt somebody. Yes. And just to be clear, and just so everybody knows, the insurance company will not sell you uninsured motorist or uninsured motorist if you do not have bodily injury. So you have to have bodily injury. You're going to have to protect everybody else. If you want to protect yourself. Now you can. The other interesting part about it too, David, that you know, we haven't really covered is in the uninsured motorist, you can elect less coverage than what you're electing and bodily injury. Would I recommend it? No, because I'm not going to protect you more than I protect myself. David. Yeah. Especially knowing that you're protecting yourself when someone else is the reason you're in this situation in the first place. 1 in 4 drivers. Well, let's get into another example. How about a family who has a mortgage on their house? One car? Is this a person that should look at these add on comp collision things you think. Absolutely. Because one they can't be without a vehicle right. They have one car for the family. So they're going to need that rental car coverage. They're going to need bodily injury because they're going to need uninsured motorist. Right. Typically have one breadwinner right. You want to protect the breadwinner if that breadwinner can't get to work, how are you going to pay the mortgage? How are you going to pay the bills next month? Right. And they have to get to work. So, you know, one of the biggest issues that we see in our clients, David, is not only are people injured, but they're worried about how they're going to get to work, how are they going to get to work. So if you don't if I if I can't get that other insurance company to take responsibility right away, you're going to be without a car for a little bit. And that average time is about 7 to 14 days. So if you don't want to pay for the rental car coverage, then you better have $30 a day times 15 days in a bank account so that if it ever happens, you can dip into that. A third scenario would be like a retiree who only drives a few miles a week, mostly local. This is a person has an older car fully paid off. They're not really going to be concerned with comp collision themselves, right? Unless it's a very high value car, right? Assume. But same thing. I would think this is a person who would still want uninsured motorist coverage and bodily injury. They're retired. They want to protect their assets. Yes. But they want to protect their own self when it's somebody else's fault. Right? Right. So I think, you know, that person is not going to want compensation. Probably. Right. It's already paid off. If they were looking to save money nowadays, David, you can ask your insurance company, they can give you these I don't know what they're called, but they put them in the cars and they detect your driving pattern. How often you drive. I've had a lot of clients save money with those, but they need bodily injury and they're going to need uninsured motorist and they're going to have to have property damage. They're going to have that pit. The rest are add ons optional. All right quick quick rapid fire question round okay. Let's do it. If I have great health insurance I don't need the uninsured motorist coverage. Right. Myth and wrong. David, I know we just talked about this last week. We we did. So let's let them make sure they know it's not in this one myth that I don't know why they say that your health insurance has nothing to do with your pain and suffering, right? With your future care, with things that you're going to need. Health insurance only covers you for health benefits within the health network, right? As long as you pay the premium. What if you can't afford to pay the premium anymore? You don't have health insurance, so uninsured motorist compensate you not only for medical bills, pain and suffering lost wages and future care. What about full coverage? People say, don't worry, I have full coverage. Does that actually mean there's really no meaning? Full coverage typically means you have personal injury protection. You have, property damage. The $10,000 they're going to have comprehensive and close. That is what 99% of the people mean when they have full coverage. What they're missing is bodily injury, the most important one to cover other people if you injure them. So if somebody rear ends you and they say, don't worry, I have full coverage, what they're actually saying is, don't worry, I can take care of my own medical bills. I can get my car replaced, and you can get ten grand for that bumper at best. Right? Well, that's really what they're saying. What they're saying is I have full coverage for myself and you. I'm going to leave holding the bag. Yeah. I'm sorry about your $80,000 car. I have ten grand to help repair that bumper. That's all I have for I hope. I hope you have good coverage. That's full coverage. Yeah, I hope you have. Good. I hope you have good coverage yourself. So don't be fooled by. David, it's, it's a good marketing phrase, though, right? Great marketing. Right. It's a great market. You have full coverage. So how much do you think, someone should carry an uninsured motorist coverage? Like, obviously everybody's situation is different. There is no standard rule. But if you were to evaluate a person and look at their situation, how would you tell them to consider this? Much of, I think, you know, one of the main things I would do is, well, what how much are you cover in other people's for? I'll give you an example. Right. If you're carrying $100,000 of bodily injury coverage, that means your your coverage will cover somebody else that you injure up to $100,000. Typically it's 100,000 per person, 300,000 per accident. That coverage that your insurance company will cover other people, you should at least be covering $100,000 for yourself. Don't fall into the trap of covering $100,000 for everybody else. And $10,000 for yourself, because I see that a lot, too. So that doesn't make any sense, right? So if I'm covering everybody at 100 and I only have one vehicle, my car insurance, right, then I should cover myself at 100. If that's too expensive, then why don't I cover everybody else at 50 and cover myself at 50? Don't cover everybody else at 100, and leave yourself at 0 or 25,000 or 10,000 or 50,000. Cover yourself as much as you want to cover everybody else. I think a good rule of thumb, David, is, you know, try to cover your salary. I think it's a good rule of thumb, like, what do you make in a year? Because if you're going to get injured in a car accident, it's unlikely you're not going to work for a year. But you could miss two, three, four months. So I think one year salary is a good rule of thumb for uninsured motorist. Last one here. Does the Pip only cover the driver or does it cover the passengers in the car too? So it's situational. David Pip is complicated in the sense that your Pip coverage will cover people in your household, right. So a resident relative that they know of. So if you have anybody that's 16 or more in your 16 or older in your household, you need to disclose that to your insurance company. And they either have to be included as a driver, excluded as a driver, but if they know about it and they live in your house, Pip will cover your resident relatives. It may cover people in your vehicle at the time of the crash. If they do not own a car and they do not live with a resident relative, and Pip will also cover a pedestrian. So if you hit a pedestrian and that pedestrian doesn't own a car, right? Or he's on a bicycle, then your pip will cover them as well. Okay, it's good to know if you get in an accident, you need to call a lawyer, right? And let them walk you through what? Who's covered? Who's covered by the Pip? Just that option, right? So that at least you know. All right. So let's bring it back. If people are only going to remember three things this entire conversation, what do you think the most three important things they should take away from it is three most important things is the cheapest. Insurance isn't the best, right? And look for bodily injury coverage and uninsured motorist get them. They will keep you safe. They will protect you. And if anybody harms you, you have something to protect yourself. If anyone's watching right now, they've been in a crash recently. They're unsure what to do. How can they reach out to get in touch with you to get some answers? So you can go to our website at Dot Armando Injury law.com. Or you can call us at (813)&nbsp;321-0000. Thank you David for having me. Thanks. Stick around for the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @MdAbidHasan-g1w: Such a clear and thorough explanation of car insurance in Florida. Armando Edmonson really breaks down why having the right coverage matters and how easily people can be left exposed without it. This deserves more views, but YouTube isn’t pushing it because the metadata, keywords, and overall structure aren’t fully aligned with what people search for. A few tweaks to the title, description, and tags could help it reach the right audience—happy to share some ideas if you’re interested.

- After the Hurricane, Insurance Became the Only Option for Florida Families...: Kind: captions Language: en Florida, 2022. The hurricane arrived in the middle of the night. Winds over 120 mph. Homes torn apart. Roofs flying like paper. And within hours, entire neighborhoods were gone. But what destroyed the lives of thousands of families wasn't just the hurricane. It was what came after. People who had been paying for insurance for years suddenly realized that in the moment they needed it most, everything depended on details they never fully understood. While some lost everything, others were able to rebuild. The difference wasn't the storm. It was the coverage they chose. And if at any point you think this can't happen in the United States, stay with me until the end. Because when you feel what this is like, you'll start to see how fragile that sense of protection really is. Florida, Fort Myers area. The Carter family had lived there for over 10 years. A modest home, two kids, one financed car in the driveway, and a mortgage still far from being paid off. Michael Carter worked in [music] building maintenance. Lisa, his wife, worked long shifts at a local hospital. Their life was simple, predictable. Medical bills, school schedules, mortgage payments, car insurance, and homeowners insurance. Every month, about $220 left their account. "It's expensive, but it's necessary," Michael used to say. He believed he was [music] protected. And for a long time, he was. Or at [music] least it felt that way. Years earlier, when they bought the house, the insurance agent had been reassuring. "This plan covers pretty much everything. You'll be fine." Fire [bell] damage, structural damage, liability. A $1,000 deductible, something they could handle. At the time, that sounded like security. But the promise wasn't protection. It was the feeling of protection. And those are not the same thing. Life moved on. Work, school, bills paid on time, no claims, no problems. Until the hurricane warning. At first, it felt like any other. Florida sees storms every year. People prepare, board up windows, stock food, and then wait. But this one was different. The intensity, the path, the speed. And when it finally hit, there was no doubt. The Carter home didn't survive. Part of the roof was ripped [music] off. Water flooded every room. The structure compromised. In less than [music] 12 hours, the place they had lived in for years became unlivable. Michael did what [music] anyone in America would do. He called the insurance company. "I need to file a claim." The process began. Claim number, adjuster assigned, inspection [music] scheduled. And for a few days, everything seemed normal. Almost reassuring. Like the system was working. But the problem wasn't [music] the hurricane. It was the contract. Two weeks later, the decision came. "Michael, we need to talk." "What is it?" "It's about the deal. It's off." "No." Partial coverage. The reason, damage caused by wind is covered. Damage caused by flooding is not. Michael paused. "But the water came [music] in because of the hurricane." "I understand, sir, but technically, that's considered flood damage. >> [music] >> And flood requires a separate policy." That was the moment everything changed. Because the house wasn't destroyed only by wind, >> it was destroyed by water. And that difference was worth tens of thousands of dollars. In the United States, standard homeowners insurance does not cover flood damage. It sounds like a small detail, but it's one of the most expensive gaps in the entire system. Flood insurance is usually sold separately, often through a federal program. And millions of [music] Americans don't have it. Not because they're careless, but because no one clearly explains the difference. Or because the risk feels distant until it isn't. While Michael was still trying to process everything, something else became clear. Neighbors with different coverage were getting full payouts. Homes being rebuilt, claims approved, checks arriving. Same street, same storm, completely different outcomes. That's when the reality set in. The system doesn't fail randomly. It works exactly the way it was designed. Insurance companies calculate risk. They decide what to cover, and more importantly, what not to cover. Every exclusion is a financial decision. Every clause protects the company. And every detail in the policy can decide a family's future. Michael tried to fight it. He called again. "Is there any way to review this?" "Sir, your policy does not include flood coverage." "But no one explained that." "It's in the contract." That was it. In the months that followed, things got worse. The family had to leave their home. Temporary rent, extra expenses, debt starting to build. [music] And at the same time, the system around them kept moving. Insurance companies reporting profits, [music] executives discussing risk models, spreadsheets, numbers, predictions. For them, it was business. For families like the Carters, it was survival. This is the invisible system. [music] Insurance is not designed to cover everything. It is designed to cover specific [music] risks and avoid others. That's how the business works. The more predictable [music] the risk, the easier it is to insure. The more uncertain, the easier it is to exclude. And that's not an exception. It's the rule. After the hurricane, thousands of claims were processed. Many approved, many denied. And the line between them was almost invisible to those outside the system, but crystal [music] clear for those who built it. Stories like this began to appear everywhere. A family in Naples lost everything. Another just miles away rebuilt [music] completely. Same disaster, opposite outcomes. Over time, investigations began. Journalists analyzing patterns, lawyers building cases, regulators applying [music] pressure. But the system stayed the same. Because it wasn't designed to be fair. It was designed to be sustainable. And in this industry, sustainable means profitable. Michael gathered every document he had. Contracts, [music] emails, inspection reports. Everything pointed to the same conclusion. The exclusion [music] was there. It had always been there. He just never noticed it. And that's more common than people think. Millions of Americans sign policies [music] without fully understanding what's included, and more importantly, what's not. >> Today, the Carter family is still dealing with the consequences. The house hasn't been fully restored. The debt is still there. And their trust in the system is gone. But this story isn't just about loss. It's about [music] difference. Because in the same city, in the same storm, other families were able to rebuild. Not because they were lucky, but because [music] they had the right coverage. In the end, the hurricane was the same for everyone. But the outcome wasn't. Because insurance isn't [music] just about having a policy. It's about understanding what it actually [music] covers. And more importantly, what it doesn't. Because when everything goes wrong, that difference decides everything. Everything you just heard, it actually happened. And the truth is, it could happen to anyone. It could happen to you. So if this story made you stop and think, even for a second, take that seriously. Because the difference between being protected and losing everything is hidden in details most people never question. And by the time [music] those details matter, they've already cost you everything. And if you want more [music] real stories like this, hit the like button. Subscribe, >> and turn on notifications. Because the next story might be closer to your reality than you think. I'll see you in the next one.

- Florida's Insurance Problem Just Got Complicated!  Here's Why: Kind: captions Language: en Insurance rates are taking a nose dive. Just last week, the Florida insurance market officially flipped. Governor DeSantis stood at the podium in Davyy and announced for the first time in a decade, citizens property insurance rates are going down, an average of 8.7%. If you've been stuck with your carrier for the last three years, bleeding money on premiums you couldn't escape, this feels like the moment you've been waiting for. The carriers that abandon the state, they're coming back. 17 new insurers have come into the market. And according to the Florida Office of Insurance Regulation, 83 different rate filings for price decreases have already hit the regulator's desk. They want your business again. But here's what nobody is telling you in these press conferences. There's three specific traps hidden in the new market that can turn a $400 savings into a $1,000 loss. Today, I'm not just reading the headlines. I'm showing you the fine print. If you pick up the phone today to cancel your policy because you saw a cheaper rate, you might trigger a hidden penalty called the short rate that wipes out your savings instantly. And if you get a letter in the mail from citizens this week, don't throw it away. That letter could force you into a more expensive policy whether you want to switch or not. And stick around because in the second half of this video, I'm going to show you how to stop playing defense and go on the offense. I'm giving you my rate optimization checklist. Three specific changes you can make to your home that can lower your premiums today and make your home more valuable in the future. Let's get into the numbers. First, let's look at the scoreboard. The headline is citizens. The governor announced an 8.7% statewide drop. But if you live in Miami Dade or Broward, that triount area that used to be the lawsuit capital of the world, you're seeing almost double that. Some of you will see 14% drops. That's real money back in your pocket. But the bigger story is the private market. According to OIR filings, companies like Patriot Select are filing for 11.3% drops. Florida Peninsula is down over 8%. Security First and Universal are all cutting rates. Why is this happening now? It's not charity, it's just math. You've heard the stat. Florida had 8% of the claims, but 80% of the lawsuits. Well, that is finally changing. First, the state killed the assignment of benefit scams. The days of a roofer suing your insurance company for $50,000 over a $5,000 leak are over. Second, we had a mild hurricane season in 2024. Carriers actually made a profit. Third, reinsurance costs dropped. The insurance for the insurance companies got cheaper. So, the gap between cheap citizens and the expensive private market is closing. You finally have choices. But choices do come with complexity. Here's the first place you're going to get tripped up. You see that Patriot Select is $300 cheaper than your current policy. You think, "I'll cancel today and switch." In insurance, there are two ways to get your money back when you cancel midyear. Pratta and short rate. If the insurance company cancels you, they have to give you a prata refund. That means if you used 50% of the policy time, you get exactly 50% of your money back. That's pretty fair. But in Florida, if you cancel the policy midterm, meaning before your renewal date, the insurance company is legally allowed to use a short rate cancellation table. That's a penalty. They keep a percentage of your unearned premium to cover their administrative costs. Here's the math that ruins your day. Let's say you have six months left on a $4,000 policy. That is $2,000 of unearned money you expect back, but they hit you with a short rate. They might keep 10% of that remaining balance. That's $200 gone. If your new policy only saves you $150, congratulations. You just paid $50 for the privilege of filling out some paperwork. The strategy is simple. Shop now. Lock in the new rate, but set the effective date for the exact day your old policy expires. This is called nonrenewing. There's no penalty for non-renewing. Only switch midterm if the savings are substantial. I'm talking 15% or more. Now, losing $200 on a cancellation fee is pretty annoying, but getting kicked off your insurance against your will, that's happening right now to thousands of people, and many don't even realize it until their mortgage payment goes up. Citizens was never meant to be permanent. It's the state's backup plan, the insurer of last resort. So when private carriers come back, the state actively pushes you towards them. And here's the thing, they can legally block you from renewing your citizens policy, even if the private option is more expensive. I want to know if this has happened to you. Have you received a letter that looked like junk mail only to find out it was a depopulation notice? Did you get booted off of citizens? Leave a comment below. Tell me your story. I'm reading all of them because we need to document what is actually happening on the ground, not just what they say in the press conferences. Now, let's talk about that letter. The state wants citizens property insurance to shrink. It's too big. So, they created the 20% rule. Here's how it works for most homeowners. If a private insurance carrier like Slide or Florida Peninsula offers to ensure your house and their price is within 20% of the citizens renewal price, you are ineligible for citizens. Let's look at some math. Say your citizens renewal is $3,000. A private company offers you a policy for $3,500. Now 3,500 is exactly 16.7% higher than 3,000. that is under the 20% threshold. The result, you must take the $3500 policy. You cannot stay with citizens. You just got a forced $500 rate hike. Now, there are some exceptions and an appeal process, but for most homeowners, this is how it works. And here's the kicker. If you don't respond to that letter, if you throw it away thinking it's spam, you're automatically switched to the private carrier. You wake up one day and your mortgage company is paying a higher rate to a company you've never heard of. This brings me to the teaser rate risk. Some of these new carriers are offering rates that are strictly designed to be just under that 20% threshold to pull you away from citizens. They get you in the door in 2026 and then in 2027 they jack up your rate 30%. Once you're out of citizens, you can't go back unless private rate gets insanely high. You're stuck in the wild west of the private market. Before we get into the optimization strategies, let's talk about how to tell if your carrier is actually stable or just cheap. You will see a lot of carriers advertising low rates, but the cheapest rate isn't always the best deal. Here's what to look for. First, look at the rating agency. Most Florida carriers are rated by Demote Tech. It's the industry standard and honestly, it's relatively easy to get a good rating from them. Weiss safety ratings are much tougher. They're the ones that actually predict financial trouble before it happens. If a company has a great demo tech rating, but a terrible Weiss rating, that's a red flag. Second, look at claim denial rates. Some carriers approve 95% of claims. Others deny 40%. If a storm hits, you want to know who actually pays out. That data is public. We just don't talk about it enough. Third, look at years in the Florida market. A carrier that's been in Florida for 20 years and survived multiple hurricane seasons, that is different than a startup that's only been here 18 months. I'm going to give you a full breakdown of the major carriers in the report card I mentioned at the end. But just know if a rate seems too good to be true, dig deeper before you sign. Okay, enough about the traps. Let's talk about how you can take control. If you're tired of waiting for the governor to lower your rates, here are three things you can do to force your premiums down yourself. Optimization number one, the 5-year expiration date. Most people don't know this, but your wind mitigation inspection expires. In Florida, this inspection is the golden ticket. It proves your roof is nailed down properly and your trusses are strapped. It can save you 40% or more on the wind portion of your premium. The catch is that it's only valid for 5 years. If you had an inspection done in 2020 and it expired in 2025, when your policy renews this year, the insurance company's computer will automatically remove those discounts. Your rate could jump $1,000 overnight. Not because rates went up, but because your paperwork expired. The fix is simple. Check the date on your windmill form. If it is 5 years old, pay the $150 to get a new one. It pays for itself instantly. Optimization number two, the plumbing investment. If your home was built between the late '7s and the mid90s, go look under your sink. If you see gray pipes, you likely have polybutylene. Insurers hate these pipes. They burst from the inside out. Most preferred carriers, the ones that offering the low rates, they will deny you outright or hit you with a massive search charge if you have poly pipes. You're forced onto expensive substandard policies. The insider tip here is that you're going to have to replace these pipes when you sell the house anyway. No buyer in 2026 will touch a house with poly pipes without a massive price reduction. A whole home repipe to PEX cost about $6,000 to $15,000 depending on the size of your home. If you do it now, you unlock the cheap insurance rates immediately. You save money every month and you increase the resale value of your home. Don't wait until listing day. Get the savings now. Optimization number three, the roof age sweet spot. Finally, the roof. In Florida, a shingle roof over 15 years old is a liability. You're paying a search charge just for having it. If your roof is approaching that age, do the math. A new roof might cost $15,000, but it could drop your insurance premium by $2,000 a year. Over just 7 years, that roof pays for itself, and you still have eight plus years of savings after that. Plus, newer roofs qualify for the best mitigation credits. If you have the cash, a new roof is one of the best financial investments you can make in this insurance market. There's a lot of moving parts here. New carriers, expiring inspections, depopulation letters. You need to know which of these 83 companies filing for rate cuts are actually safe and which ones are just cheap. I've compiled a 2026 Florida insurance report card. It lists the major carriers and their Weiss safety rating, which is much tougher than the standard demo tech rating everyone uses. I also included the claim denial rates for 2024, so you can see who actually pays out when a storm. Click the link in the description or scan the QR code on the screen to download that report card for free. And if this feels overwhelming, I've also linked to independent insurance agents I trust in the description. Sometimes you need a professional in your corner to navigate this stuff. But here's the bottom line. Don't just autorenew this year. The market has changed. The rules have changed. Remember that announcement from the governor's office? The headline said, "Rates are dropping." And they are, but only for people who know where to look, what to avoid, and how to position themselves. Everyone else, they're paying for the recovery. Take out your policy right now. Audit it against the list. Check your wind mitigation inspection report. Look under your sink. Make sure you aren't the one subsidizing everyone else's savings. Hey, I'm Tom McNamera, the Florida Real Estate Insider. Stay dry, read the fine print, and I'll see you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @hansgruber2509 [3 likes]: Another scam so you pass wind mitigation and its only good for 5 years? Why? do you truss straps fall off or nails on your roof deck popped out🤣. Pay off you mortgage and tell the insurance companies to cram it
  2. @hansgruber2509 [3 likes]: What a joke rates increased 200% and they give you a 10% cut ,BFD
  3. @joe8188 [2 likes]: The FL home insurance rate decreases are a scam. Yes, there are new traps. But, you failed to mention the biggest trap. DeSantis and the FL legislators have made it very difficult for home owners to sue the insurance companies in FL. You're at their mercy. Over the past few years there's been numerous articles on insurance companies stiffing customers in FL. That's the real reason insurance cos are coming back or lowing rates. DeSantis and the FL legislators have caved to big business instead of protecting Floridians.
  4. @winstonjames2583 [1 likes]: Short rate is only on minimum earned premium policies, the advice with any policy is to keep it for a year n not a mid term change...especially if its commercial or a liability policy because they will have minimum earned premium charged at up to 50% which could offset any savings
  5. @FloridaRealEstateInsider: The market has officially flipped, but the "teaser rates" from new carriers are real! 🚩 Have you received a depopulation letter from Citizens or seen your rates drop yet? Drop a comment below—I'm reading every single one to see what's actually happening in your zip code! 🏘👇

Want the 2026 Carrier Report Card? Grab it here: https://tinyurl.com/InsReportCard
  6. @TrueSkoolMusic: OHHH PLEASE -    i have given insurance companies 300k over the years -  they have given me 0 . . .  i could have rebuild my home with that if it was saved in an account.  instead i have nothing to show for it as they continue to drop me.
  7. @winstonjames2583: Wind mitigations dont expire in the carrier computer if a wind mitigation report is on file...but everytime they reroof or upgrade openings...like doors or windows they OUGHT to get a new wind mitigation inspection
  8. @larrycox6614: We're not from Florida & we just closed on a home. Not knowing all the nuances, we went with Progressive Ins. I don't see them on the list... Is that a problem? Hoping for another quiet hurricane season so I can reassess my insurance needs
  9. @jdiaz1791: Thanks..mine actually went up, 17%, Citizens kicked me out to Slide, $19,578
  10. @HEHE-dx9og: Huh, Never seen roof truss brackets dissapear.
  11. @TS-qe6gp: Citizens depopulated me.  They renewed me this year but said that we would file any claims with Slide.
  12. @cathymatthews5147: 2024?

- Florida home insurance market stabilizes early in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en MEETING. BUT VILLAGE LEADERS WILL NOT BE VOTING ON THE PROJECT JUST YET. >> INSURANCE RATES ARE STABILIZING WITH SOME COMPANIES EXPECTED TO DROP RATES THIS YEAR. THE GOVERNOR CREDITS THE STATE'S LEGISLATIVE OVERHAUL OF THE INSURANCE INDUSTRY. >> I THINK WE HAVE THE RIGHT TO INSIST THAT CITIZENS IS DOING ALL IT CAN TO BRING RELIEF TO ITS CUSTOMERS. THEY WEREN'T IN A POSITION TO DO THAT. ADMITTEDLY A COUPLE YEARS AGO WHEN WE WERE IN A MUCH MORE DIFFICULT ENVIRONMENT. BUT SINCE THESE REFORMS HAVE REALLY STABILIZE THINGS, MAN PASS ON THE SAVINGS TO THESE FOLKS. >> CITIZENS IS THE STATE-BACKED INSURER OF LAST RESORT. FLORIDA'S INSURANCE COMMISSIONER SAYS MORE COMPETITION MEANS MORE OPTIONS AND LOWER PREMIUMS. HOMEOWNERS HERE, THOUGH, ARE STILL PAYING SOME OF THE HIGHEST RATES IN THE COUNTRY. REPORTER DAVE ELIAS, WHO COVERS THE INSURANCE INDUSTRY EXPLAINS WHAT IT MEANS FOR YOUR WALLET. THIS YEAR. FOR YEARS, FLORIDA HOMEOWNERS FACED A PERFECT STORM. HURRICANES LAWSUIT AND INSURANCE COMPANIES LEAVING THE STATE. IN FACT, AT ONE POINT MORE THAN A MILLION POLICYHOLDERS ARE ACTUALLY PUSHED INTO THE STATE RUN CITIZENS. THAT'S FLORIDA'S INSURER OF LAST RESORT RATES, SPITE AND OPTIONS DISAPPEARED. >> BUT AS WE MOVE INTO 2026, STATE LEADERS SAY THE MARKET IS TURNING A CORNER AFTER THE RATES JUST WENT OUT OF CONTROL. LAWMAKERS CRACK DOWN ON FRAUD, LIMITED COSTLY LAWSUITS, MAKING FLORIDA MORE ATTRACTIVE FOR INSURERS. THE RESULT MORE COMPANIES ARE NOW WRITING POLICIES. IT WAS SO SCARY BECAUSE >> YOU HEAR STORIES OF PEOPLE THAT. >> DO THEY PAY THEIR DID THEY GET THEIR MEDICINES? BUT RATE INCREASES ARE SLOWING. IN FACT, 6 COMPANIES ANNOUNCED THEY'RE CUTTING RATES SOME AS MUCH AS 11%. A WELCOME FOR RETIREES LIKE MARION, A MEDIA AND HER HUSBAND. BOB, WANT TO FIXED INCOME. >> YOU KNOW, WE'RE BOTH RETIRED AND IT'S SCARY BECAUSE YOU DON'T KNOW WHAT TOMORROW'S GOING TO BRING. WE'RE HEADING INTO 2026 WITH A POSITIVE NELLANS PREDICTS EVEN MORE RATE DECREASES IN THE COMING YEAR. IT PUTS PRESSURE ON THE OTHER CARRIERS TO FOLLOW SUIT AND FILE RATE DECREASES OF THEIR OWN AND CITIZENS INSURANCE IS SHRINKING. FROM 1.4 MILLION CUSTOMERS IN 2023. NOW DOWN TO JUST OVER 396,000. NOW IS A GREAT TIME TO SHOP THE MARKET BECAUSE COMPANIES ARE WIDE OPEN FOR BUSINESS. HOWEVER, FLORIDA STILL HAS SOME OF THE HIGHEST HOME INSURANCE COSTS IN THE NATION. THERE'S STILL PLENTY OF ROOM FOR IMPROVEMENT PAYING ON AVERAGE NEARLY 5,000 A YEAR. OLDER HOMES, JEWELERS AND COASTAL PROPERTIES BEING EVEN MORE MARRYING IN URGING LAWMAKERS NOW TO DO MORE. THEY COULD. >> JUST GO ONE MONTH ON WHAT WE GET FROM SOCIAL SECURITY. GUARANTEE THINGS WOULD CHANGE 2026 BRINGS MORE STABILITY. EXPERTS SAY IT'S A RESET, NOT A ROLLBACK. NOT IMPORTANT EXPERTS SAY THAT FLORIDA HOMEOWNERS SHOULD NOT EXPECT PREMIUMS TO DROP BACK TO PRE-PANDEMIC LEVELS ANYTIME SOON. >> LAWMAKERS SAY THE GOAL NOW IS STABILITY WATCHING HOW THIS YEAR'S HURRICANE

- Big Changes for Florida Insurance? Orlando Homeowners MUST See This!: Kind: captions Language: en The Orlando area is once again facing a shortage Skyrocketing premiums, companies going belly up, and people across the area caught in the middle [music] as the state's homeowners insurance market enters what some are calling a free fall. So, what is the state doing about this? A little more than two years ago, every single news outlet in the country was reporting how Florida's insurance market was literally collapsing. Insurance companies were going insolvent left and right. Citizens Insurance, the insurer of last resort for Florida, was bloated with more than 1.4 million policies, way more than they're supposed to manage. It was not unheard of for homeowners to get a 60% rate increase in a single year. Stories abound how people were literally being forced out of their homes. Well, folks, I'm back with an update. And I've got to tell you something that's going to literally sound absolutely insane [music] after everything the Sunshine State has been through as it relates to insurance. For the first time in over a decade, insurance rates in Florida are going down. The population of folks relying on Citizens is shrinking. New insurance companies are now flooding back to the state. And if you live in Orlando, you might actually catch a break this year. But before you pop the champagne bottle, we need to talk about what's really happening because there's a massive threat brewing in Tallahassee. There are things in the works that could literally reverse everything we know about insurance. Because today we're going to talk about exactly what it's like to get insurance today throughout the state and specifically in Central Florida. So, that if you live here now, you can analyze whether or not you're fully receiving all the benefits. And there is a lot of new and interesting laws coming down the pipe this year that you absolutely need to know about because they're going to be game-changers for your life. And for some, not in a great way. So, if you're here for it, let's get right into the update. For those of you that are new to the conversation or you weren't in Florida, let me give you a quick recap of exactly how broken Florida insurance really was. When this crisis reached its peak, Florida alone had more than 80% of all homeowner insurance lawsuits in the entire country happening in just one state. Now, we only had 9% of the claims, but 80% of the lawsuits. Now, the math doesn't work unless something's deeply wrong. So, what was it? Four things. Attorneys gaming so-called one-way fee structures, roofers running AOB scams to defraud insurance companies, general contractors doing the exact same thing, and frankly a whole lot of homeowners who got talked into filing bogus claims. Billions of dollars were getting siphoned out of the insurance system every single year, and it all got passed back onto us in the form of skyrocketing premiums. What happened next was a perfect storm. A literal series of hurricanes combined with massive COVID inflation, and all of this cost bogging down the system, and you had insurance going insolvent left and right. Many others completely pulling out of the state and not even competing for business here. The state-backed Citizens Insurance ballooned to 1.42 million policies because no one else would write coverage. If you could even get insurance, you were paying $6,000 to $8,000, sometimes more than $10,000 a year. And at this time, if you tried selling your house, good luck because buyers couldn't get mortgage without insurance, and insurance companies were rejecting applications or demanding full roof replacements. Roofs that had 12, 14, 15 years of life left, they're saying it's time to put a new roof on if you want me to cover it. It was a nightmare, a complete and total disaster. But, let's jump to where we are today. Well, Citizens Property Insurance Corporation just approved in a statewide rate decrease of 8.7% for 2026. Over 330,000 policy holders across all 67 counties are seeing their rates drop. Get this, more than 150,000 of them are actually getting reductions of 10% or more. And in South Florida, Miami-Dade, Broward, Palm Beach, where litigation was the absolute worst, homeowners are seeing average decreases from 11 to 14% and just for citizens alone this marks the first meaningful rate decrease going back to 2015. Get this for over a decade the trajectory of Florida insurance by and large year over year has been up. It's only one way every year it cost you more and now the trend is being reversed and that's not even the craziest part. The craziest part is what happened to bloated insurance population. There were way too many people enrolled on the state backed policy way too many for it to be safe for the state. There are almost 1.5 million policy holders as we approach the year 2023. Now as of January 2026 the number of policy holders is down almost 400,000 policies in just over 2 years. Now why did that happen? Where did they go? There was actually a massive move in the private insurance market. Remember at the peak of the collapse we had around 40 insurers in the entire state. a healthy number for the entire market for you to go and shop and get competitive numbers. Well, that number with collapsing insurance companies and companies leaving the market it was cut around half and many of the ones that remained themselves were on the brink of collapse. So my friends for the first time in years there's more business here wanting to do business in Florida again because of the protections and reforms that were passed. 17 new companies have entered the market. Companies like Orion 180, Mainsail, Tailrow, Mangrove, Trident. These are carriers who looked at Florida saw the reforms working and said okay, we'll come back. We'll take the risks on at this point. My friends are not just entering the market. They're competing. Florida Peninsula filed for an 8.4% rate decrease. Patriot Select filed for an 11.3% rate decrease. Heritage Property dropped rates by 10% and many of their inland counties. Universal Property and Casualty cut rates by around 5%. State Farms reported cumulative reductions of nearly 20% across multiple filings for the counties they cover. The data doesn't lie, but here's what you need to understand. This didn't just happen because insurance companies suddenly became more generous. This happened because two very specific things aligned at the exact same time. Number one, the tort reforms that passed in 2022 and 2023 are finally working. When the legislature eliminated one-way attorney fees and killed the AOB assignment of benefit scam, the lawsuit industry collapsed. Insurance litigation in Florida has dropped by over 70% since those reforms took effect. And you'll remember how I told you that attorneys were running billboards all over the state promising free roof replacements through your insurance. That has all but stopped. And many of you that live here now, you'll remember that after every thunderstorm or hail storm came through, you had a roofer knocking on your door saying, "You might qualify for a new roof." That has dropped off immensely. The floodgates of fraudulent claims and frivolous lawsuits closed, and suddenly insurance companies could actually predict their losses again. And when you can predict losses, you can price policies accurately. Orlando area homeowners, don't pay too much when you list your house. I'm Jared Jones and I list your home for just 3% so you can save thousands. Make one call, that's all, and start packing. Jared Jones is the way to go. [music] Call 706-5000. Jared, you said two reasons, tort reform and what's the second? Well, the second reason's not one that we really want to talk about or say out loud very often, but we got lucky. The 2025 Atlantic hurricane season produced 18 named storms, seven hurricanes, four major hurricanes, and exactly zero made landfall in the United States. Not one. Insurance companies, of course, didn't have to pay out billions in insurance claims last year, so they rebuilt their reserves, they stabilized the books, and now they have the capital to lower the rates and expand coverage. And how is the Central Florida market cost different in relation to insuring my home versus living in Tampa or living in the Southeast or anywhere else in the state of Florida? And I get this question. If you've been sitting on the sidelines because you think you need a thousand dollars a month to pay for your insurance, here is the real world math on exactly what I'm seeing today in Central Florida insurance rates and what you should expect if you live here now or if you're looking at buying. For newer, low risk homes, these are newer houses, newer roofs, a decade or less, expect twelve hundred to two thousand dollars a year in homeowner premium. For a moderate risk home in Central Florida, this is going to be built around 1980 to around the year 2000, expect anywhere from two thousand to thirty-four hundred dollars a year in insurance premium. Now, for a higher risk home across Central Florida, this is going to be a house that's maybe older than 1980, so it's considered 60s, 1950s, mid-century. Considering something that has older plumbing or an aging roof, maybe even something that's in a flood plain, you are going to expect to pay three hundred to four hundred dollars a month for your homeowner insurance premium. Again, that's the higher end of the range that I'm seeing in Central Florida. Now, let's say you live in Central Florida now and you're saying, "Jared, I hear all those rate estimates you just gave and I'm going to tell you I don't have that number. Mine is higher." And I'm going to tell you it's time to shop your carrier. And if you don't have anyone solid in order to get a quote from, drop down below, my email is there, ask me for help. I'll give you a great insurance broker who knows all the residential companies in Florida. Be more than happy to provide his info to help you with the process. One of the other new factors to consider is roofs. A few years ago I told you that you could not get coverage often times unless the roof was less than ten years old, at max twelve or thirteen years old. Well, thanks to new legislation, if you can prove that the roof has at least five more years on it, you can actually get insurance coverage. That means, "Jared, I I have a nineteen year old roof on this house I'm going to buy." Yes, you can, but understand the insurance company will likely give you an actual cash value policy for the roof. They will, for instance, say, "That roof is almost in the end of its life. If it needs one next week, we might only insure what that roof is worth with its 5 years left. So, for instance, they might give you an actual cash value for the roof for $5,000. You might You mean, Jared, I buy the house and um a year later I need a roof? I might have to pay for a half of it or 2/3? Yes, that is correct. Under an actual cash value policy, you would. But, here's my advice. You're in this position, you're buying a house with a roof near the end of its life, don't walk away, negotiate it. The sellers used the majority of the roof's useful life. The price that you purchased the home should reflect it. So, even if you have to come into the situation of a year or two, you're going to replace the roof, and obviously your insurance is only going to cover a fraction, you want to make sure that that's built into how you buy the home. Now, let's compare Central Florida to what I'm hearing is happening in Palm Beach County or Miami or the coastal areas. The same comparable insurance cost you get here might run you in from 7 to $9,000 on the upper end in those other areas. Higher risk coastal properties are still paying double or triple what inland properties are actually having to pay, and the gap has actually widened over the past year. The insurance companies have gotten very sophisticated about risk modeling, and they know exactly how much more dangerous it is to insure a home that's 5 miles from the coast versus one that's 50 miles from the coast. So, if you're in Orlando, you're 50 miles from the coast, you're in the sweet spot. You have lower wind risk, and you have a lower risk of flooding. Now, I just had the chance to interview one of the most knowledgeable insurance brokers I know who has a thorough understanding of all the current residential carriers. Scott Deutsch from Insurance Express, and he confirmed what I'm seeing in the data. He said, and I quote, "Home insurance rate trends have become more consistent in the past 12 to 18 months. We're seeing many carriers level off or have smaller renewal increases, whereas a few years ago you'd see $1,600 increase of renewal, now it's more like 400 or maybe 800." He also mentioned, when you compare Central Florida to the coast, the rates can be twice as much when the risk is closer to the water. The other thing that I asked Scott is, Scott, what are the big pitfalls right now? What should homeowners actually do with this information? And the answer was, the first thing is shop your insurance. If you haven't shopped your insurance in the past year to 18 months, you need to. The market has changed so dramatically that you could be saving a thousand dollars or more because maybe just maybe the carrier you're with doesn't specialize in the area you're in. Just my own personal advice, call an independent broker, not a captive agent who only sells one company's policies and tell them that you want quotes that include existing and new market entrance. Second piece of advice, make sure you understand exactly what you're buying. Scott mentioned this as well. He said that a lot of homeowners will ask for the least expensive policy, but your house is probably your largest asset. And to make sure you get good advice to balance the cost with correct coverage. Don't just chase the lowest premium if it means you're under insured. Ask your insurance agent if there are endorsements on your policy that you just don't need. Some agents will pad policies to increase premiums with items that aren't necessary. Third, and this is crucial, if you have a Citizens policy, understand that you are now required by Florida law to carry flood insurance, even if you're not in a flood zone. This is a law that passed back in 2022 that's now taking effect in 2026. The new law states that if you have a replacement cost of over $400,000 on your house, you must have flood coverage if you're with Citizens insurance. So, pay attention to that. It's kicking in this year. All right, team, the next thing we need to talk about is the new laws coming up in 2026 that are going to affect your insurance, plus some special hacks and grants that you've got to know about. They're out there right now that you can take advantage of, fully funded with millions of dollars to help you save on your insurance. First up, there is a new requirement for full replacement value insurance. And what does that mean? It means that your insurance company has to provide a policy that will actually cover the cost to completely rebuild your home, not some depreciated value. This, of course, will protect homeowners from being under insured, which has been a massive problem after people's home values surged and they didn't adjust their policies. Then they finally find out they get hit by a hurricane and they're surprised to find out they don't have enough money coming from the pockets of the insurance company to fix their home. It's a travesty. The insurance companies would say, "Hey, you just had to call us and change it." And most people don't know to do this. But my friends, the trade-off with flood replacement is that it costs more, and that's why people weren't calling in to actually change it in the first place. You get better protection, but you're also covering a higher amount to replace your house, which will in turn cost you more money. The new laws also changed the cancellation rules for roofing contracts. The reason why is because insurance companies were notorious for canceling policies or refusing to renew people because of roof age. So, even if the roof was in perfectly good condition, people were getting stonewalled. Now there's stricter requirements in state law as to how and when they can actually do that. Now on the positive side, homeowners can now get premium deductions. We're talking about 1.75% off your premium if you meet certain requirements. I was telling you earlier, if you meet certain income requirements, there is help of up to $10,000 in grant dollars to help improve your house to lower your insurance cost. There are some catches besides your income qualifying. Homes can only be valued up to $700,000 or less to get a grant. And a huge thing to watch this cycle in 2026, some legislators want to bring back one-way attorney fees. Governor DeSantis says he'll fight any attempt from any Florida lawmakers that might try and reverse the reforms, arguing that it would harm the insurance market again. One of the laws coming through 2026 is asking for a cap on insurance prices of 10 to 15% max. Now you've probably heard me talk about this on the channel before. This has been proposed a couple of times. The rate cap proposal has concerns, probably has limited chance of passing here in Florida. California has had rate caps and now their insurance market is on the brink of disaster with companies pulling out of that state and people unable to get coverage. So, we obviously know that is not a good idea. Now for many of you, you will ask in the comments after we're done, Jared, what is the grant program? It's the My Safe Florida Home Program, and it's been hugely successful, and the state has put over $600 million in this program since 2022. Again, this is the one, $10,000 per incident, help you lower your cost, house price has to be under 700k, you have to have an income qualifier, you'll get a free home inspection, they'll come out, they'll review it, and if you qualify, grants of up to $10,000 to do things to reinforce lower insurance, like adding hurricane shutters, protecting openings, mitigation measures. I've heard of things like window treatment, replacement, all these kinds of things. Now, get this, as of October 2025, the program has completed 122,000 inspections and approved over 63,000 grants totaling $385 million. Now, participants in the program are expected to see their premiums go down by almost $1,000 per year. So, think about that, a $10,000 grant saves you around $900 per year is what they're averaging. So, over 10 years, you're going to save just shy of $9,000, and your home is significantly safer. The program has been so popular that the funds have been exhausted multiple times over. Now, I know, I know, many of you are going to drop down in the comments, Jared, how do I get information on that $10,000 grant? Very simple, my safe florida home.com. That's my safe fl, not spelling out Florida, home.com. We'll drop that on the screen. If you're watching this from around Florida, drop in the comments, city, state, let me know what your insurance policy was for the past year. Curious to know, did I help you understand the marketplace better here in Orlando? And if I did, make me this promise, that when you're ready to buy or sell in Florida, you'll remember this moment and give me the opportunity to earn your business. Even outside of Orlando, I can help you by connecting you with a trusted agent. I honestly do not make these videos for ad revenue, I make them to build a relationship with you before you need me. So, please, if I've added value, do me a favor and commit right now to give me a chance when the time is right. And if you haven't done so already, do me a favor, drop down below, smash the thumbs up, it'd mean a lot to me and help the channel. Consider subscribing so you don't miss these regular updates on growth, housing market, and data news across the Orlando market. Jerry Jones [music] is the way to go. Call 706-5000.

  Top Comments:
  1. @csdriggs [11 likes]: I cancelled my home owners insurance last year after paying off my house.  I live inland and have never seen more than 65 MPH winds in 20+ years of owning my home.  Insurance is a scam.  Was paying $280 a month.  Now I save that money in a separate account for home repairs.
  2. @noldaker [9 likes]: Thank ou for the info...I'll believe it when it happens...Ours 1500 sq ft house jumped from $1,550 to $4700 in less than 4 years...We live in a non-evac zone - 7 miles inland and 65 ft above sea level, and we never made a claim.
  3. @garycurtright1104 [7 likes]: What about car insurance?  When is that going to go down?
  4. @dtrsh [3 likes]: Central homes roofing in longwood will replace a roof and allow it to be paid at closing, when they are in contract of course.
  5. @the_smoking_Patriot [2 likes]: Look at all these home insurance companies moving into FL! hurricane hits sorry we are pulling out now
  6. @datanewt6938 [2 likes]: Thank you Ron Desantis to continue to deregulate the insurance industry. The lawyers and legislators creating more regulations created this issue and deregulation is the only solution.
  7. @jamesjohns4464 [2 likes]: Got dropped by mine this year. They don’t want the exposure in Florida is what they said. Haven’t searched for a new one yet.
  8. @ericwilliams7775 [1 likes]: Thanks to the bottom-feeders, the lawyers of Florida get richer & we the citizens pay for PIP & HOI. 
I GOT A GOOD LAW, NO MORE LAWYERS
  9. @OldJackWolf [1 likes]: Insurance only works well in stable climates, not when its abruptly changing complete with catastrophic and wildspread losses from the accelerating impacts from global warming.  And don't expect the Gulf to cool off anytime in the next tens of thousands of years, so prepare for steambath conditions too.  But, yeah take the risk that thousands of climate scientists are wrong.
  10. @jaredjonesorlandoliving: 𝐓𝐡𝐢𝐧𝐤𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐨𝐟 𝐛𝐮𝐲𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐨𝐫 𝐬𝐞𝐥𝐥𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐚 𝐡𝐨𝐦𝐞 𝐢𝐧 𝐆𝐫𝐞𝐚𝐭𝐞𝐫 𝐎𝐫𝐥𝐚𝐧𝐝𝐨? 𝐈'𝐝 𝐥𝐨𝐯𝐞 𝐭𝐨 𝐡𝐞𝐥𝐩!
𝐑𝐞𝐚𝐜𝐡 𝐎𝐮𝐭
Email: info@jaredjones.com
Text: 407-706-5000
Website: https://jaredjones.com
Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/jaredjonesorlandorealtor/
  11. @AlwaysLearning1234: I was a little shocked to see the quotes come back on our home insurance - anywhere from $2,500 to $14,500! Windermere, built in 2007, roof 2022, water heater 2023.
  12. @TrueSkoolMusic: OHHH PLEASE -    i have given insurance companies 300k over the years -  they have given me 0 . . .  i could have rebuild my home with that if it was saved in an account.  instead i hav enothing to show for it as they continue to drop me.
  13. @TheHeadman: Our premiums just went up another 1000+ this year. We just had to pay our escrow shortage because of that. We definitely need a different company.
  14. @arnaudwauters4390: Very interested in the comments here.  I am looking to relocate from a state where insurance is even higher than Florida coastal communities.  Wondering if metal roofs are more of thing now as a result of insurance companies playing games with conventional roofs.
  15. @SacredJade_5: Help! I need a quote for Broward n Sarasota
  16. @lolamento7058: So how do I get in contact with your insurance broker?
  17. @grunyonthoughtsfromagrunt8264: For Veterans always check out USAA. Not always the cheapest but consistently rated one of the best or stated w I upd be one of the best if it wasnt for its inclusiveness.
 Ive herd people complain sone about it saying they had problems with it. But almost without fail these have always been that type of persin that create there own problems out of thin air for no other reason then they are morons.
  18. @BrightHiveCC: Great insight and video!
  19. @jeancuello6304: Give your contact for insurance broker
  20. @deesea2025: Brand new house in Groveland. $900 a year for homeowners insurance. A lot less than my NJ house.

- Challenges in Florida's Insurance Market and Their Impact on Homeowners: Kind: captions Language: en Florida homeowners are facing yet another wave of rising insurance premiums sparking fresh concerns across the state after a brief period of stabilization in early 2024 recent data shows Insurance costs are once again climbing at an accelerated rate the average premium for a single family home policy in Florida Rose by 3.1% in the third quarter of 2024 reaching 3 , 668 this marks a 31% increase since the second quarter of 2022 reversing the trend of slower growth seen in the previous two quarters several factors are driving these premium increases inflation plays a significant role counting for about 2/3 of the recent hike the average insured value of single family homes in Florida climbed to 72757 in the third quarter of 2024 a two .3% increase from the previous quarter ongoing recovery efforts from recent hurricanes in the Gulf Coast have also contributed to Rising costs the demand for building materials and labor has surged pushing prices higher additionally changes in reinsurance requirements are forcing insurers to buy more private coverage further driving up premiums while single family homeowners are bearing the brunt of these increases other segments of Florida's Insurance Market show varied trends condo unit Insurance costs Rose by just 1.3% in the third quarter now averaging $1,737 interestingly commercial coverage costs for condo associations actually decreased slightly after doubling between 2022 and 2024 the impact of these changes varies widely among insurers some companies reported significant premium increases with centor specialty seeing an average jump of 37.8% on the other hand Nationwide Mutual customers experienced a 6.6% decrease during the same period for homeowners navigating this volatile Market it's crucial to explore coverage options carefully investigate potential discounts or bundling options that may offer some relief from rising rates ensure that your premiums align with your actual coverage needs looking ahead inflation and Global reinsurance costs will likely continue to play a critical role in shaping Florida's Insurance landscape as the state prepares for future storm seasons and economic shifts strategic management of rebuilding resources and long-term risk mitigation will be essential in stabilizing Insurance costs for Florida homeowners thank you for watching Insurance news with us do you think homeowners insurance rates ever go down we'd love to hear your thoughts drop a comment below and join the conversation and don't forget to hit that subscribe button to stay updated on all things insurance

- Florida Homeowners Insurance in 2025 – What’s Changing and How to Save: Kind: captions Language: en Hey, Jeff Reaper with Pursuit Real Estate. Here with a longtime friend and business partner in the insurance world, owner of two Brightway agencies, Brightway Sands, in both Duvall and St. John's County, Danny Sands. Danny, fill in any gaps that I did not cover there in the intro. >> Yeah. No, that's at uh we got one location off Beach Boulevard in St. John's Bluff and then the second is off County Road 210 in St. John's County. So, >> been in business for 15 years and I have the two locations in Jacksonville. >> We are not getting any younger. Um, because yeah, been real estate for even longer than that. It's a weird thing to say. That said, we're going to talk about insurance, specifically homeowners insurance in the state of Florida. If you own a home in the state of Florida, if you're thinking of buying a home or condo or any other type of real estate in the state of Florida, this is going to be relevant and interesting. And so we'll we'll start right off with Danny, what's changing in the homeowners insurance market and world in 2025 uh that people should be aware of or know maybe recently has changed or what's coming in the near future? >> Yeah. So biggest impact this year in 2025 is we've been through a hard market for the last 5 years um with the property insurance market in Florida. A big cause of that was a lot of roofing uh contracting fraud going on across the state and then uh a lot of other legislative issues that needed in statutes that needed to be changed to prevent a lot of the fraudulent claims and things that were going on that were bankrupting a lot of the property insurance companies in Florida. So, uh we we're coming out of that 5-year hard market that started in 2019 and we are seeing the market shift to a softer market. uh which is good for homeowners because you're going to see uh more competition in the market. Uh companies will loosen up their underwriting guidelines, make it a little easier uh to get insurance in the state. And then also uh they'll come in with more competitive pricing. When companies want to get more market share, they'll often times undercut the market. Um which is good in the short term. Uh but that typically only lasts a year or two and then they're going to raise rates to level out with the rest of the market once they get the market share that they want. >> Yeah. And I saw somewhat recently that the governor had signed a bill or uh legislative piece aimed at the Florida homeowners insurance market. Hit me with the highlights of that like I'm a fifth grader like in a way that I can understand it. What what were the bullet points of that bill? >> Yeah. So biggest thing is um you had roofing contractors that were door knocking and canvasing neighborhoods uh basically telling everybody they could replace their roof for free uh through their insurance companies. Um so that is technically illegal now. Um >> wow interesting >> solicit that business in that way. Uh it hasn't prevented all of them from doing it but it has slowed that down. Um, and then another big piece of the legislation was, uh, you used to be able to open up hurricane damage claims, um, 5 years out after the hurricane. So, you had these roofing contractors canvasing the neighborhoods and then they would just give homeowners guidance of, hey, we'll just pick this hurricane 5 years ago and we'll say that is what caused the damage and then we'll get the insurance company to pay um, through those claims. They were also assigning benefits over to the contractors as well, which that has stopped. U it used to be called assignment of benefits. So contractors could go doortodoor, get um homeowners to sign a form that signed all of their insurance benefit over to the contractor. When they did that, uh, the contractor then had full control of that claim and they could replace the roof and then bill the insurance company two or three times the fair market value. Um, and then the insurance companies had to decide, do we take this to court and potentially lose or have to pay all the litigation fees or do we just pay um above >> two or three times what it's worth and move on. And so that started bankrupting the insurance companies and with Governor DeSantis passing the law of 2022 to stop that now it took about two to two and a half years and it looks like the legislation is working which is bringing more competition into the market. >> Nice. So, on that same note, um I guess with legislative changes, hopefully pricing gets a bit better in the insurance world, but if I'm a an individual homeowner trying to make sure I've dotted my eyes and crossed my tees to save some money on homeowners insurance, what would be a few things that you see people miss that they could do to lower their insurance costs? So starting out just from a discount perspective, any home that is built prior to 2002, uh 10 out of 10 times you should always have a wind mitigation inspection completed. >> Um that's going to give the largest discounts on a homeowner's insurance policy and that pertains to the roof. So when the roof was last replaced, does it meet the Florida building code? Does it have hurricane clips? Does it have a certain uh tie down with roof deck attachment and the nail spacings? There's seven different discounts within that inspection. But anybody looking to purchase a new home. One of the most important things from an insurance perspective to look at is number one, when was the roof last replaced? And number two, what's that wind mitigation inspection look like once it's completed? And I would get that done within that 10day period where you really have the free look when you um sign a real estate contract. >> Y >> so then you can know from an insurance cost perspective what you're getting into and then you can make an educated decision before you move forward. >> Cool. Love it. Uh, anything else on the insurance savings that you see like if I maybe not buying a home but have lived there for some years and I call up Brightway Sands and you're like, "Oh, you didn't do this thing to save yourself money on your previous insurance policies. Is there anything else like that?" >> So, smaller discount would be like an alarm discount if you're monitored for fire and burglary. Um, but then from there, it's really looking at your coverages and your deductibles that you have on the policy. There's defaults set within the insurance companies. So, for example, if you insure your home for $500,000, uh you're going to get 50% of that for personal property coverage automatically. >> 5050. >> Yeah, 50%. So, that would be $250,000 that you're covered for on the personal property. Not everybody needs that much. Uh >> I certainly don't. Unless I've got like a rim brand in my living room uh that I don't know about. I don't need $250,000 on personal property. But okay, carry on. >> So there's So you could knock that down to 25% or, you know, you could even go lower. Um you can change endorsements to where you can insure it for actual cash value rather than replacement cost. And then a big thing I would say if if it's a uh homeowner that you know has six months reserve set aside in an emergency fund and um they can withstand a larger claim or coming out of pocket more in the deductible area, always look at potentially raising that deductible to 2500 or $5,000. Um that can make an impact as well um to get that premium down. >> Nope. Good. Love it. Uh, next question that I had was if I am buying a house and I'm looking at maybe maybe older home versus newer home and then you're telling me and we talked about briefly some of these houses need wind mitigation inspections and fourpoint inspections. How do you think about that from an insurance perspective? like what what do you see that comes up often with older homes that people should be aware about or look uh uh be aware of or looking at as they're going through these houses? And then vice versa, newer homes, what's more common typical to be problematic? Uh that's a very long winded question, but take take that wherever you will. >> Well, in a nutshell, uh the newer the home, the less expensive the premium is going to be. Typically, a brand new construction is typically going to be you know, half the price of um older construction, but it also depends on where you want to live in the city, right? Because if you're in San Marco or Riverside or certain areas that are established and >> really no more land, you're going to have to buy an older home, right? And you're either going to have to do some renovation to it or it's already been renovated. But the two things that I would um as a buyer look at from an insurance perspective on the older homes is number one, when was that roof last replaced? That's a huge factor uh when calculating an insurance premium because a lot >> what's the hard stop on that one these days? I know there's a trip in the uh insurance algorithm on if the home is older than X and the roof is older than X or Y, then we're just flat out not going to write a policy. So what where where is that these days? It's changing constantly. >> Yeah. Rule of thumb, 15 years. If you're going over 15 years, you're really limiting yourself in the marketplace and you're not going to have many companies to choose from. >> Do you think that'll change as more companies come back into the insurance world? >> I do. Yeah. I think those guidelines loosen up in the future. Okay. >> Um but rule of thumb right now is really 15 years on shingle roofs and then if they're metal or tile, they go a little longer than that. But yeah, so as far as that goes, the roof is the number one thing that I would want to know as I'm looking at older homes. And number two would be the water heater. The most prevalent claim in Florida is is water damage and number two is wind damage with roofs. So those are the two hot buttons for insurance companies. So if you have a water heater that's over 15 years old, that would be potentially something you want to negotiate in the real estate contract to have that replaced due to insurance reasons. Yep. >> And same with the roof. >> No, that that makes total sense. And and then on the insurance claim, getting things replaced note, tell me about deductibles. Uh we've got a new deductible option in the world of homeowners insurance. So I'm used to two general hurricane. What's So how do those work? A and then B, what's our new deductible column? So, there's a third line item for deductibles that uh insurance companies have come out with. And what I see a lot of times is if someone's shopping insurance, especially for a new purchase or they're a first-time homeowner, they're just looking at the bottom line as far as what the price is um that's being quoted. But not all insurance companies are created equal and they're not all quoting the same deductibles with only having two deductibles because some have come out with the third deductible now. So, what you need to look for is number one, the all other peril deductible. That typically is going to be $1,000 or $2,500. Um, that is for any type of peril that could cause damage to your property. So, for example, a lightning strike or a water damage or fire. Those are perils that can cause damage. That's just a flat per occurrence deductible. So, anytime you have a claim, you'd be responsible to pay that deductible. insurance company would pay everything above and beyond that. Um the next one that everybody is pretty familiar with is hurricane deductibles. Um the stand higher than your general deductible. >> Typically going to be higher unless you have newer construction. You can often times get them at a,000 or 2500, >> okay, >> on the hurricane deductible. But most companies in the industry are going to give a 2% hurricane deductible, which they calculate that off of your dwelling coverage. So if you're insured for 500,000 on the dwelling, they're going to say you're responsible for 2% of that before we pay anything. And that's for a category one hurricane or above. If it's a tropical storm, a windstorm, or anything lower, that falls under your all other peril deductible category. And the third one that's pretty new to the industry, um, some companies are coming out with, uh, wind/hale deductibles for a third line item. >> Um, so you got to be very careful when you're looking at that because that used to fall under the all other peril deductible, but now oftent times to be more competitive, insurance companies will bump that up to 2% or 3% of your dwelling coverage. So, you think you're getting this great price, but if you have a claim, you're going to be out of pocket a lot more money. >> Right. They're they're treating the uh wind and hail deductible the same way they are a hurricane deductible. So, that's right. >> Uh they've lowered their risk as the insurance company, which has lowered your coverage as the homeowner, to your point. No, that makes sense. >> Yeah. >> Um all good stuff. And I don't want to overwhelm myself or those listening. So, I anything else really on any of those questions if you're current homeowner or soon to be homeowner that you would want to mention in today's insurance world? >> Yeah. And I would advise anybody looking, especially firsttime homeowners or those that aren't familiar with owning a property and then having to insure it, um, just know that your costs are going to be more the the older the property that you're looking to purchase. And that's where I would just really do my due diligence on the front end to make sure that things have been updated and you're not going to have a bunch of additional cost after you close on the property. And then on the flip side on the newer construction, um you know what we see typically on those less claims usually, but then you may have some warranty issues or things that you have to go through um as you're buying newer newer construction. And um you know, theoretically won't have to put as much money into it. Uh but uh a lot of times on the newer construction the warranties pass and then um you know a lot of homeowners think homeowners insurance pays for everything that has to be repaired within a home which just isn't the case. You know there's uh routine maintenance and wear and tear um that a homeowner has to account for and insurance companies don't pay for. Um >> right. No, that's right. Um well this was great. Appreciate all of the insight. If somebody wants to reach out and I don't know, recquote their existing policies or maybe they're buying a home, want to uh get something rolling with Brightway Sands, what's the best way to get in touch with y'all? >> Yeah, so best way to contact us is uh our telephone number is 90499-3250 option 4 or you can email me at danny.sands sds brightway.com. >> Love it. And if you've got real estate questions, you can give me a shout. 9044051995. Email jeffpursuitrealestate.com. Thanks for watching and we'll catch up soon. [Music]

- How to prep for hurricane season while on a budget: Kind: captions Language: en Right now. 10 Tampa Bay is your hurricane headquarters right now at six. Not only are we preparing you to keep your community safe? But this morning, we're also looking after your wallet. If and when a storm comes through 10 Tampa Bay reporter Andrea Lyon is live from ST Pete this morning with a breakdown of how to survive a hurricane on a budget. Good morning, Andrea. Hey, good morning, Jamison and Caitlin. We all know that you shouldn't wait until the very last minute to buy all those supplies, right? But Fema says you actually shouldn't buy them all at once either. And here's why they say that if you figure it out, all the things you need as far as essentials and you've made a list, then Fema says getting things throughout the hurricane season can more budget friendly. And that's because you are able to look for bargains price check or even wait for those tax free holidays to save and for certain items. It's also more than ok to take advantage of used items, shop at discount stores like Goodwill or the Dollar Store. And if it makes sense, think about buying in bulk and I really like this one too because we're always talking about expensive pallets of water. Water can get very expensive and it's something we all need, especially if we lose power. So fema also lists bottling your own water, especially if you have those BP A water bottles. Not a bad idea to fill those up, have drinking water on reserve at no extra cost. And I do want to mention since we brought up that tax free holiday, uh, the next one coming up to stock up on those hurricane supplies is happening during the most active part of the season, which is in August. It starts August 24th and runs for two weeks. That's at the end of August. If you want to stock up on anything expensive to get that break, live in Saint Pete Andre Lyon in Tampa Bay.

  Top Comments:
  1. @DimplesGenX: HAVE THE GOVERNOR MAKE TAX BREAKS NOT DURING MORTGAGE AND RENT WEEK!  SOME PEOPKE GET PAID EVERY 2 WEEKS!
  2. @sbprime2483: i bet Caitlin could beat up a hurricane,if she got mad
  3. @altha-rf1et: Buy a little at a time,  long buying extra can good each time you go into a store helps, buy a sawyer water filter for under $25 that filters out over 100K water get flash lights for everyone with enough batteries for a month,

- Preparing for a hurricane on a budget: Kind: captions Language: en It is the peak of Hurricane season. We have a system in the Gulf that's going to come very close to our coastline this week. So now's a great time to make sure you are prepared for any emergency. But it's hard to do when you're on a budget, right? Without spending money left and right. So consumer reporter Heather Sullivan and meteorologist John Dawson teamed up for this one. All right. Welcome to the hurricane gear test. Or maybe it's a Sullivan smart sense. Either way, it's going. We're going to be fun talking about hurricane preparedness, which is what I'm always excited about. And you always like to talk about saving some money. Yeah. You know, we've all been through Barrow. We know what it is now to go without power. But, you know, budgets are so tight. So we want to help you get ready for a lot less money. And we're going to focus on the five categories that I always talk about when getting ready for hurricanes. They're kind of a short list, but they can really kind of dive in deep. It's going to start with food and water. You're going to need a good light source, like a flashlight or a lantern. Everyone has power, needs the minimum for everybody is going to be a phone charger, but some of us need even more than that. And then a first aid kit. Yeah, and let's dive into it. Because right now everybody's buzzing, you know, about these ultimate apocalypse dinner kits that you can get at Costco and other places. This one in particular, Readywise, has 150 different servings of freeze dried food, sells for about $100. You can get it right now at Costco for about 80, but I also wanted to show you, let's just do a little grocery shopping in case you don't want to have to. That's you have to add a lot of water to those, right? Sure. Yeah Water is definitely going to be a big focus when you're dealing with dehydrated food. I like the idea of just stocking up on some of these more traditional nonperishable items. Yeah So what I did was I went shopping for a family of four for three days, and for the nonperishable essentials, I spent about $57. And then right before the storm, you can still go to the store again and get some perishables that will last a few days. We're talking about apples, oranges, cucumbers, tomatoes, things that can sit out. I spent another $18 some bread, but so $75 got got me through three days. Yeah. And remember, don't be the last one in line at the store though, because those not those, those perishable items are also going to kind of thin out pretty quick. But you did a great job on your shopping there. And then you, you got a few other things here on a budget. I like the lights that you got because you've got a lot of them here and the batteries are included and it was pretty inexpensive. Yeah, the batteries are in there. It was about $12. Gives you multiple lights you can set out around the house or use as you need. All right. And then next up was the phone charger. This is a very economical way to the convenience. But again you're just going to have to figure out how to make it work when we have disaster, right? If you know if your car is working, you can charge your phone in the car. So these things run about 6 to $30, or you can buy an emergency cell phone charger for as low as eight on up to about 100. All right. And the last aid kit. I always encourage you to look for one that has scissors inside of it, because it has a lot of other uses besides just medical needs. When you have a disaster. And I also like first aid kits that have a cold compress. So I'm impressed that you found one that has that right. Break it and it turns cold. It's an instant ice pack. How cool is that? Totally right. We're ready. We're ready for any emergency here. We've got a full list of all of these ideas for you on Fox26houston.com with Sullivan Smartsense I'm Heather Sullivan, and if you want to look for my hurricane gear, just

  Top Comments:
  1. @TundraDude04 [2 likes]: Not gonna affect us in Houston. Why are they just now discussing the “essentials”? Just plain weird…

- Here's how to build a hurricane kit on a budget: Kind: captions Language: en l community or inland community is affected by a hurricane. >> We have shown you the danger of storms. Even how to stock up your home. It is also important to have a go kit you can grab with your most essential supplies. >> Start now. Don't wait until a storm is announced. >> Start by making a list of what you need in a hurricane cap . Batteries, flashlights, a weather radio, and most importantly, water. With the price of everything going up, using our reserves -- reusing what you have can cut costs. >> People can take milk jugs and put regul water in them and store them in the back of their refrigerator. >> Storing jugs in freezer helps. >> If they did lose power and have a joke on a shelf, that will turn to ice and keep their food cold. >> Picking up one or two items during every grocery store trip can spread the cost out over time. For a quick option, their complete kids ready to buy in back pack or bucket with items you might overlook. >> They contain everything you need to be self-sufficient for 72 hours including food and water, first-aid items, emergency blankets, tarps. Anything you need to keep you safe and happy until Red Cross or FEMA can come. >> For food, telling the kids to your own taste. We found five minute meals that steam themselves in the box. >> A lot of these emergency meals are convenient but they are not -- they don't taste very good. Hours, the biggest thing was the taste and the flavor.

  Top Comments:
  1. @novarossi7: How do those meals steam themselves?
  2. @monkeyboy4746: This is nothing new, the media is just recycling all the civil defense/cold war ideas from the 1960's.
  3. @anthonygomez446: The cholesterol in those meals will definitely be bad for you
  4. @skullandbones1832: ❤️

- What Are Essential Hurricane Supplies On A Budget? - Your Emergency Planner: Kind: captions Language: en What are essential hurricane supplies on a budget? Imagine preparing for a storm without emptying your wallet. When a hurricane is approaching, having the right supplies can keep you safe and comfortable, even on a tight budget. Let's go over some simple, cost-effective items you should gather. Now, first, water is your top priority. Store at least one gallon per person each day for at least 3 days. Use clean, reusable bottles like old juice containers to save money and cut down on plastic waste. Next, stock up on non-p perishable foods. Affordable options include canned vegetables, beans, tuna, peanut butter, rice, pasta, and energy bars. Buying in bulk or during sales helps keep costs low. Remember to include a manual can opener so you can access your food easily. For health and safety, assemble a basic first aid kit. Items like bandages, antiseptic wipes, pain relievers, scissors, and any prescribed medicines are essential. Many of these can be bought cheaply at dollar stores orarmacies. Lighting is also important. Get a small flashlight with extra batteries or a headlamp for hands-free use. Candles are risky because they can cause fires, so avoid relying on them. Pack some sturdy clothing and rain gear like ponchos or inexpensive rain jackets. Protect your feet with sturdy shoes to walk safely through debris. For sanitation, include soap, hand sanitizer, toilet paper, feminine hygiene products, and plastic trash bags. These lowcost items help keep you healthy during power outages. A multi-tool with a knife, pliers, and screwdrivers can be a lifesaver for small repairs. Keep copies of important documents and some cash in a waterproof container. Electronic devices might stop working, so paper backups are smart. Also, have matches or a lighter, plastic utensils, and a batterypowered radio to stay updated on weather alerts. To stay within your budget, buy a few items each week or during sales. Rotate your water and food supplies yearly to keep everything fresh. Focus on items your family already uses to avoid waste. Customize your kit to include needs for infants, elderly members, or pets, but keep it simple. Building your supplies gradually makes it easier to afford and less overwhelming. Having these essentials ready means you can face a hurricane with confidence, knowing you're prepared without overspending. Remember, preparedness is about being resourceful and staying safe during weather extremes and natural disasters. [Music]

- Here’s how to build your hurricane kit on a budget: Kind: captions Language: en COVID-19. >> Lisa: OFFICIALS ARE URGING RESIDENTS TO GET SUPPLIES TONIGHT, IF NOT, BY TOMORROW MORNING AT THE LATEST. >> Ginger: THIS IS THE FIRST TIME FLORIDA HAS HAD TO DEAL WITH A HURRICANE DURING A PANDEMIC. AND FOR MANY, THE THOUGHT OF BUYING MORE SUPPLIES ON AN ALREADY TIGHT BUDGET CAN BE STRESSFUL. BUT AS NEWS 6’S AMANDA CASTRO FOUND OUT, YOU DON’T NEED TO SPEND A LOT OF MONEY TO PREPARE FOR THE STORM. OUR TEAM COVERAGE CONTINUES NOW FROM LAKE COUNTY WITH A CLOSER LOOK AT HOW TO GET READY ON A BUDGET. >> YEAH, WE KNOW A LOT OF FAMILIES ARE STRUGGLING TO MAKE ENDS MEET DURING THE PANDEMIC. WE FOUND OUT YOU REALLY DON’T HAVE TO BREAK YOUR BUDGET TO PREPARE FOR THIS STORM OR FOR THE REST OF HURRICANE SEASON. IN FACT YOU MAY HAVE WHAT YOU NEED ALREADY INSIDE YOUR HOME. YOU JUST NEED TO GET A LITTLE CREATIVE. >> AS FLORIDA BRACES FOR HURRICANE ISAIAS, GOVERNOR RON DeSANTIS WANTS YOU TO START PREPARING NOW. >> NOW’S A GREAT TIME TO MAKE YOUR DISASTER SUPPLY KIT IF YOU HAVE NOT ALREADY. WE RECOMMEND SEVEN DAYS WORTH OF FOOD, WATER AND MEDICINE. >> Reporter: GETTING READY FOR THE HURRICANE SEASON IS DIFFERENT THIS YEAR BECAUSE OF THE COVID-19 PANDEMIC. MANY FAMILIES STRUGGLING TO MAKE ENDS MEET. EVEN AS FUNDS ARE TIGHT, CENTRAL FLORIDA ACE DEALERS SAY YOU CAN STILL PREPARE. >> BUILDING A HURRICANE KIT OR GETTING PREPARED DOESN’T HAVE TO BE EXPENSIVE. THERE’S RELATIVELY INEXPENSIVE WAYS TO PREPARE. >> Reporter: YOU CAN GET ESSENTIALS FOR THE HURRICANE KIT FOR LESS THAN $30. ITEMS LIKE BATTERIES. >> THERE’S SEVERAL OFF BRAND BATTERIES THAT WILL GET YOU THROUGH THE HURRICANE JUST FINE. >> Reporter: YOU ALSO WANT A FLASHLIGHT IN CASE YOU LOSE POWER AND YOU NEED WATER, BUT YOU DON’T NEED TO BUY BOTTLES WATER. >> IT’S MUCH MORE AFFORDABLE TO BUY GALLONS OF WATER AND USE CUPS. >> Reporter: FILL UP YOUR BATHTUB WITH WATER AND CHECK YOUR PANTRIES FOR NON-PERISHABLE FOOD ITEMS. IF YOUR GENERATOR IS NOT WORKING, CARTER SHARES THIS EASY HACK. >> THE WAY TO MAKE YOUR FOOD IN YOUR FRIDGE LAST LONGER RIGHT NOW, YOU CAN GET GALLONS OF WATER, FREEZE THEM, AND IF THE POWER GOES OUT YOU CAN PUT THOSE FROZEN GALLONS IN YOUR FRIDGE AND THAT WILL STORE THE FOOD A LITTLE BIT LONGER. >> Reporter: ONE GOOD THING IS IF YOU STACK UP ON THE HURRICANE KIT ESSENTIALS RIGHT NOW, THEY SHOULD LAST YOU FOR THE ENTIRE HURRICANE SEASON. WE KNOW WE STILL HAVE A LONG WAY

  Top Comments:
  1. @letsprayandfasttogether9618 [1 likes]: Better buy everything now before money collapses
  2. @kimmyca3138: Thanks for helping guys!
  3. @keepyour2cents218: the most useless information I’ve ever heard, oh wait the news is about to begin hold up on that thought

- Financial impact of Hurricane Ian: Kind: captions Language: en SORRELLS. THIS IS NEWS 6 AT 5.30, GETTING RESULT >> MATT: WELL, TONIGHT, PEOPLE ON PINE ISLAND ARE CONTINUING TO DIG OUT OF THE MESS LEFT BEHIND BY HURRICANE IAN. IT'S THE BIGGEST BARRIER ISLAND ON THE GULF COAST AND HAS BEEN LARGELY CUT OFF FROM THE OUTSIDE WORLD AFTER DAMAGED. THE CAUSEWAY, MEANING IT CAN ONLY BE REACHED BY BOAT OR PLANE. MANY ON THE ISLAND STILL DON'T HAVE POWER EITHER. THIS COMES AS THOUSANDS OF BUSINESSES ARE REPORTING STRUCTURAL AND FINANCIAL LOSSES. >> LISA: AND MILLIONS FOLLOW. THE LATEST DATA COMES FROM THE FLORIDA DISAST SURVEY. DEO SECRETARY DANE EAGLE TOOK SOME TIME DURING HIS TOUR OF THE DAMAGE IN SOUTHWEST FLORIDA TO TALK TO NEWS 6 INVESTIGATIVE REPORTER MIKE HOLFELD. >> IT'S LIKE SOMEONE JAR TO CHART A NUCLEAR BOMB ON NOT JOKING. DEO SECRETARY DANE EAGLE OFFERING A PERSONAL ASSESSMENT OF THE DAMAGE HE SAW AT FORT MYERS BEACH THIS WEEK. THESE ARE BUSINESSES THAT I GREW UP GOING YOU KNOW, DAIRY QUEEN MOM AND POP PLACES. MY EARLIEST MEMORIES AS A CHILD OUT THERE GOT EAGLE HAS BEEN REVIEWING A SURVEY OF SMALL BUSINESSES LIKE THAT POSTED HERE ON FLORIDA DISASTER DOT BIZ OF THE FINANCIAL OPTIONS OFFERED IN THAT SURVEY, THE BRIDGE LOAN TOPPED THE LIST OF LIFELINES. BUSINESS OWNERS WANTED MOST. HE EMPHASIZED THAT FINANCIAL HELP DURING A NEWS BRIEFING IN SARASOTA COUNTY TODAY. THAT IS 0% INTEREST SHORT-TERM LOANS TO BUSINESSES GET BACK ON THEIR FEET. EARLY DATA OBTAINED BY NEWS 6 SHOWS 284 MILLION DOLLARS IN REPORTED DAMAGES. >> BY MORE THAN 1800 BUSINESSES SO FAR, INCLUDING ORANGE, HILLSBOROUGH, SARASOTA AND LEE COUNTIES. WE DID SEE A LOT OF CENTRAL FLORIDA ALONG THE TAMPA BAY AREA. WE KNOW THAT NBER IS GOING TO INCREASE AND THAT'S THAT'S SIGNIFICANT IS IT IS ALREADY EAGLE TELLS NEWS 6 THAT SURVEY DATA LED TO 50 MILLION DOLLARS IN NO INTEREST EMERGENCY BRIDGE LOANS. OBVIOUSLY WE'RE TO ASSIST FAMILIES AS MUCH. WE HAVE A NEW GOT LEAKS IN THE HOUSE WITH ALL THAT'S HAPPENED. SOUTHWEST FLORIDA HAS SEEN INSURANCE VILLAGES FOR FAMILIES IN NEED OF FOOD AND FINANCIAL ASSISTANCE. IT WOULD BE DIFFICULT IF THERE WASN'T SUCH A NEWS 6 ASKED IF THE STATE WILL BRING THOSE CENTERS TO HARD HIT AREAS HERE IN CENTRAL FLORIDA. IS IT POSSIBLE THAT YOU COULD BRING SOMETHING LIKE THAT HERE? >> IT'S POSSIBLE. YEAH, WE'RE ASSESSING THAT AS WE SPEAK. LIKE I SAID, THE GOVERNOR HAS NOT FORGOTTEN THE COUNTY'S. WE KNOW THERE'S A LOT OF FLOODING THERE. OBVIOUSLY THE DEVASTATION IS IS VERY SEVERE. AND WE COUNTY WE'RE LOOKING EXPANDING OUR FOOTPRINT OF THE INLAND COUNTIES AS WELL. >> MATT: THAT DEO SURVEY OFFERS ONLY PART OF THE STORY, THE NATIONAL INSURANCE CRIME BUREAU TELLING NEWS 6 THAT 150,000 INSURANCE CLAIMS HAVE ALREADY BEEN FILED BY HOMEOWNERS AND BUSINESSES. ANOTHER 80,000 IN AUTO INSURANCE CLAIMS THE NEXT BIG CONCERN, BOGUS CONTRACTORS,

- The impact hurricane Ian is having on the Florida housing market | Ep. 03: Kind: captions Language: en how hurricane Ian is impacting the housing market in Florida is compass preparing for a private Equity takeover and how to use one of the most underrated sales skills of all time to set more appointments over the phone with potential sellers all that and more coming up welcome back to the real estate Daily Show so let's start this conversation off this morning with hurricane Ian and the impact that it's potentially going to have on the Florida housing market so I've been doing a lot of research on this for the last couple of days I've been talking to Industry professionals and really there seems to be two camps forming when it comes to this storm specifically on the impact it's going to have on the housing market so the two camps are really this one believe that the storm's not going to have a huge impact on the real estate market and then obviously one that says well it's going to crush that housing market so let's first look at some of the people that are making the argument that the storm won't negatively impact the housing market and why they say it might even raise home prices so the first thing I want to look at is an article that came out from the Sarasota magazine and it says how will hurricane Ian affect the local real estate market it says for Real Estate experts talk uh when they talk natural disasters risk factors and probable increased demand for new construction that's could happen so let's look at what the the article had to say so it says as we slowly get back to normal after Hurricane em the big question in the real estate industry is whether there will be a sudden drop in prices in a panicked flood of fresh inventory from people who want to get out of the way of future storms so the magazine in uh interviewed this Craig saretta who's a local managing broker for one of the Sotheby's real estate brokerages down in the Sarasota area and here's what he had to say he said people have short-term memories so if you look at the other instances like this or other big storms you typically see a short-term impact with reduced demand then it back to where it was before he says so some people will say they don't want to live in Hurricane area but just as many buyers and investors are watching to see if prices will dip how many we don't know but it's just what happens every time after Hurricane Irma in September 27 real estate sales in Sarasota in Manatee counties were down almost 17 percent where when compared to September 2016 largely due to the closures and evacuations the storm caused so new listings also decreased according to the local MLS so this real estate broker is under the belief that listen this is just what happens every time there's a storm we have a very short-term blip in the real estate market and then lo and behold it kind of comes back to normal and in some cases even better than it was before and so Forbes came out with a with an article that shared this opinion and so they call it the bounce back report or something like that but the study was done by a company called veros Real Estate Solutions which is a provider of real estate property valuations for the real estate industry it showed that property prices jumped by an average of seven percent above the national average after storms like hurricane em hit so if you look at the screen right now it looks at Hurricane Katrina Harvey Andrew Charlie and Hugo and what it appears to to show is just that that one year after these storms hit there's a small blip in the housing market and they come back stronger so that will uh we'll kind of have to wait and see what happens so there's obviously a lot of people that have the opinion that is quite the opposite and so as I was doing research on this one was pretty strong strong opinion that after the hurricane this area of Florida specifically the housing market is going to be hit very very hard and so this was from a YouTuber the name of the channel is re-venture Consulting so listen to what he had to say after this hurricane after all this destruction we are going to see two big effects especially in Southwest Florida number one is going to be fewer people moving in specifically fewer people moving in to buy a house but number two another effect we're going to see is a mass migration out of these areas this is something a lot of people aren't thinking about right now but it's going to happen over the next six to 12 months the reason I feel confident in predicting this is because if we look at past hurricanes in Florida they were really bad like hurricane Michael that hit Panama City Beach in 2018. we see the next year in Panama City Beach they lost 12 000 people due to outbound migration that was seven percent of the Panama City Beach Metro that left so something very similar is going to happen here in Southwest Florida now an interesting so that's an interesting point and you know the interesting thing really that I find is that you have these these parties that have opposing views that both have data that that really uh go against each other which I don't get how both of those two things can be true but it will be interesting nonetheless to kind of see what happened now in addition to um a lot of people thinking that the housing market will be will be devastated as a result of the storm specifically there's one thing that is undeniable that homeowners insurance in Florida is going to be a major major issue so much so that the average homeowners insurance policy in Florida is about forty two hundred dollars which is some of the highest homeowners insurance premiums in the country now what is super interesting about that is there's an interview done um that that Bloomberg did on their YouTube channel where they interviewed one of these insurance companies CEO and he talked about he believes Insurance prices or premiums rather are going to go up to ten thousand dollars per year for these properties and in some cases some of these insurance companies are getting out of uh South Florida all together meaning that they're not even going to insure properties they don't even care how much the premium is they're simply just not going to insure properties here's what he had to say about the housing market what impact do you think this is going to have on the housing market Bruce it's this is going to kill the housing market if there's no Florida homeowners market then our insurance Market there's there's no real estate market no construction Market it's going to have a big big hit on on home sales we're already dealing with the highest premiums in the history of Florida our customers for example on average we're paying about four thousand dollars a year and left unabated without some government intervention I think that'll be eight to ten thousand in the next 24 months higher insurance rates if you can even find it means that you can afford Less on the home purchase so this is going to be a big hit to the housing market without some type of government intervention so that's interesting right and I I think he yet again has a great point you know if homeowners insurance premiums are call it nine ten thousand dollars a year they also talked about in this interview the fact that property taxes are also uh most likely going to go up as a result of having to rebuild the infrastructure in this part of Florida so you have taxes and insurance alone could potentially be a thousand or twelve hundred a month just for those two things we're not even talking about the mortgage payment we're not talking about principle we're not talking about interest we're talking about potentially a thousand or more per month just for homeowners insurance just for taxes so it'll be very very interesting so listen with opposing views I personally wanted to get the opinion of someone that I trusted so I reached out to one of the real estate agents that I coach in southwest Florida who serves that real estate market to get his personal opinion so here's what he had to say okay so joining me now to discuss the effects of the housing market after Hurricane em is local real estate agent local real estate professional Robert Wilson or Robert appreciate you coming on with me this morning I appreciate you uh taking the time to talk about it absolutely yeah absolutely first off just give us an understanding of the severity of the storm some people have called hurricane Ian the worst hurricane the worst storm in decades there in Florida sure um I've been in Florida six years so when I first moved here was for Hurricane um sorry uh or uh Irma was the first hurricane I've lived through um that seemed to cause a little more widespread damage throughout a lot of Southwest Florida Naples Fort Myers hurricane Ian really focused on the beach and if you were anywhere within two to three miles of the beach the storm surge was just massive it it caused such devastating Destruction for everybody along the beach area if you lived four miles away from the beach most people did really well it's just like some landscape issues maybe some roof issues but nothing compared to um if you live near the beach I have friends that live on the beach in Fort Myers and there they went back and there's no house there's just sand so um it's not even like you can rebuild there's it's massive Devastation over there so oh it's just it's it's so sad it's so unfortunate you know and you know I want to talk to you about the storm's effect on now the housing market in those areas specifically I want to start off with Robert the current transactions what have you seen what have you heard you know if there is no house I would imagine a lot of these transactions are pretty much falling apart is that is that what you're seeing there is some there's there's a lot of issues with discussions with lawyers with that forced major um content in in contract so there's a lot it's it's interesting because Florida is a title State and and now there's a lot more lawyers getting involved that have never you know I'm not used to being involved with a lot of lawyers and attorneys and now your phone's ringing with attorneys that you've never dealt with before so it's it's been a little change uh that way um one of our biggest issues is roofs um because we use those tile roofs down here so they can be anywhere from you know 60 to 150 000 to replace um and homeowners insurance in Florida is is a disaster right now we have a lot of companies leaving um so our homeowners insurance already is the highest I think in the country or very close to it so a lot of people are even getting concerned about that and the biggest issue also now is will if you are getting a mortgage can they even get insurance because policies aren't being written right now so all of our closings are delayed until we can figure out um if the house is even going to be insured or what's going to happen uh so it's it's been it's been challenging it's been it's been interesting well I bet I bet I bet you you know the number of you know current transactions to your point that are all kind of on hold you know that that's going to crush home sales uh in that in that part of Florida and to your point what's interesting is Bruce Lucas who has a company called slide Insurance made a couple comments he was interviewed I think last week they are in that part of Florida and Fort Myers he said it would kill the housing market and here's what he said he said it's going to kill the housing market Robert because if there's no insurance Market meaning no companies will insure these properties there is no housing market he said premiums on average are the highest in the country to your point of about forty two hundred dollars he expects those insurance policies to go up to about ten thousand dollars per year which as a result would be under just under a thousand dollars a month just for homeowners insurance not to mention the property taxes that will likely get increased to rebuild that part of Florida so let's talk about that and I think you hit it there's a lot of insurance companies that are pulling out of that that area and so if people can't get insurance what effect do you think that's going to have on people's ability to purchase real estate well the the good and bad thing is uh the Naples Market has about a 60 cash transaction and Fort Myers is about 53 cash transactions that helps a little bit we don't we don't overly rely on interest rates and and stuff like that so Insurance isn't a major you know it's still going to affect you know a lot of a lot of transactions a lot of people but I think that we do have a lot of cash in the market we also have a huge secondary Market down here we have a lot of people that own rental properties or people that like to get away from Michigan in the winter time and like to come down here and enjoy the warm weather so we do have a lot of secondary housing market so and those are usually bought in cash or close to or a large percent in cash so I think those people are still going to be coming down here I think it's going to mostly affect the people that live here full-time the your average working people that need a house to live and and uh you know go to work every day I think that's going to be our biggest hit in our housing market it's not going to be our out of state people it's going to be our our local people and obviously now with homeowners insurance going up our price points are the highest they've ever been you're we're just you know we're gonna make our local market more and more Out Of Reach for our the people that live and work here full-time that's yeah that's the thing I'm worried about the most sure makes sense and there's a lot of people that believe just based on you know past data like hurricane uh Michael that hit Panama City uh a lot of the people have migrated out of those areas do you worry about a lot of these people saying I can't deal with this I can't live knowing that this type of thing can happen again as an example when hurricane Michael hit Panama City in 2018 that City the the next 12 months lost a huge chunk of population 12 000 people said I'm out of here uh do you are you hearing that in the marketplace is that something you guys worry about well of course you worry about it um but I don't think we're worried about it long term I think we're more worried about it short term only because short term everything that the lifestyle people come here for is gone um the beaches are closed for and then you know we don't know how long the boardwalks are destroyed the Naples Pier is gone the Fort Myers Pier is gone the Fort Myers downtown area is gone all the restaurants that people like to go and eat on the water and relax and and have a good time is gone um but like downtown Naples our our um tourist areas like our Fifth Ave third third street all those restaurants and stuff are opening up again so it's coming back faster than we thought the governor you know got it Bridge up and going back up to Pine Island within like a week I mean it's unbelievable so there's actually buses that are allowing people over there so I think short term we're nervous like I don't know what our we call it season when everyone comes down for the winter I don't know what that's going to look like but Florida is still like a really attractive place to live I mean we have no income tax um housing prices are a little high but our tax rates pretty low compared to most of the country um the weather is awesome um so there's still a lot of really good reasons for people to come here um so we're not afraid long term but we're definitely nervous for the next year so yeah yeah and those are some uh really good points that you bring up you know and so maybe not a lot of people potentially leaving do you worry about that maybe Florida being less attractive in the short term as hurricane Ian is on people's minds where they say I don't know if I'm going to put my money down there I don't know if I'm going to retire down there I don't know if I'm gonna you know purchase a home there any longer is that something you guys worry about yeah I mean you worry because with the insurance rates and people not getting insurance that scares a lot of people away however this area in in of Florida in particular we we don't get hit very statistically we don't get hit with hurricanes nearly as much as other areas like Louisiana and and um you know the upper part of the state so the Naples Fort Myers there is usually protected our last hurricane was six years ago so it's not like uh you know an every year thing statistically we're in a good spot um so but of course I mean you got to worry I mean uh no I mean houses that were worth 15 million dollars got destroyed I mean there's two million dollar McLarens swimming down the road I mean um so people get nervous about there there's there's going to be huge insurance issues here and and people are going to think twice about about especially owning property I think near the beach maybe people are going to maybe want to stay a little bit more because like I said I live four miles from the beach and I had no damage at all so I never lost power the worst thing was we lost internet and my kids would drive me crazy so that was the worst thing that happened to me thankfully I mean I'm blessed but if you live near the beach uh you know it might be a place that you might not want to be hustling back to so that's the only thing I I think that's going to be concerning yeah well we we hope and wish the best uh for you and every and all the residents that um a comeback is is fast speedy recovery and we want to thank you Robert for taking the time with us this morning thank you I appreciate it so only time will tell what happens but but all that we can do is is Hope and and wish that the residents of that part of Florida have a quick and speedy recovery that the housing market I hate to see it get crushed uh due to something like this because Florida has a lot a lot of benefits for people that have been moving there over the past couple of years so let's move on let's talk about the uh Compass real estate for a second so there's just been a lot of chatter around this company and so if you're not familiar uh with compass they're they're another real estate company that has a they're trying to disrupt the the traditional real estate market and what have they what they've been doing now for the last couple of years is they've been going out there and recruiting real estate brokerages real estate teams High producing real estate agents and incentivizing them as a recruiting incentive to come to their company by giving them a couple of things they've been giving them Equity options stock options in the company they've been giving them very very lucrative compensation packages and in some cases they've even paid people out of pocket to come to to entice them to come to their company to treat it almost more like a Business Partnership rather than maybe the traditional agent broker relationship now what is interesting as of of late is you know when we when we really look at the uh the stock price for Compass you know there seems to be a lot of turmoil a lot of trouble that the company is facing right now if you look at the screen right now as of today there's stocks trading at 2.74 cents and it's all the way down over the last call it since since uh April 1st of 2021 when it was trading for over twenty dollars a share and so what is happening with this company there's a lot of what I call chatter or people thinking that uh there's some big big trouble with compass and there's a lot of new stories coming out about the company one of them is from uh the real deal who shared that the company's no longer going to be offering Equity to to these real estate agents as an incentive to get them to join the company which was a major major pull from a recruiting standpoint so the article reads Compass loses a hundred and one million dollars will no longer offer Equity to new agents and so when we go through the uh the article there's some really really interesting things to consider here so Compass suffered losses of a hundred and one million dollars in the second quarter the Residential Brokerage said Monday noting that it would look to slash costs as the industry grapples with a slower housing market The Brokerage reported losses of 289 million dollars for the first half of the Year according to the earnings release on Monday projected full year revenues of 2022 to be between 6.1 and 6.4 billion well below the earlier guidance which was between 7.6 and 8 billion dollars and so in the second quarter of 2021 with the residential Market hitting record highs Compass lost seven million dollars even as Revenue tripled now however the Outlook is not a compass said it would would act accordingly so here's what they said they said given the challenges the real estate market has faced so far this year and the likelihood that this difficult environment will continue for the foreseeable future we are announcing a significant cost Reduction Program this is what the CEO Robert refkin said in the release in subsequent earnings call reference uh ref Kim said that never in the time at Compass have we seen such a big downturn in such a short period of time so he dropped a bombshell about the compass most effective recruiting tools going away that the company no longer offers Equity or cash incentives to new agents coming to the market and so it's pretty concerning to see that a company like compass going through these challenges there's other companies too laying off people left and right the real question then becomes okay well what is next for Compass and so there was a new report that came out that uh potentially talked about a private Equity company taking over the company and so when we looked into this Compass denied that a private company was was taking over the company and so a lot of people think okay is comp is going to sell out are they selling to another company are they going under what is happening and um here's here's what here's what they said so Compass has not been contacted by any private Equity firms expressing interest in taking the company private this was a spokesburg spokesperson for the firm that told the real deal there have been no talks with private Equity firms on this matter so Robert refkin again the CEO he'd have to approve any sale given that he holds shares that give him about half the company's voting power so Insider reported that Vista Equity Partners founded by billionaire Robert F Smith was exploring taking Compass private citing three Anonymous sources the publication reported that another private Equity Firm could also be involved in the transaction as well as a a property startup that could boost Compass digital chops so we have to really look and see okay what's What's Happening Here uh beneath the surface with this brokerage and what seems to be happening almost on a daily basis is that real estate companies that are maybe going against the grain with non-traditional brokerage models are really struggling as this real estate market shifts and like I said in other videos it's what we see all the time as real estate markets get hot more and more outside money invest that money inside the real estate space trying to uh disrupt this this this industry and people have been trying to do this for decades now and what happens often is that as a real real estate market strengthens and as home prices go up these companies seem to do well all the eye buyers Zillow even got into that business model Open Door got into that model was the real estate market shifts the interesting things uh thing is that these models start to really really struggle a lot of them have a very difficult time turning a profit so we'll keep you guys up to speed with what is happening with compass and other real estate companies as this real estate market continues to shift so now talking about shifting let's shift our Focus to one of what I believe is the most underrated strategies when selling over the phone which is curiosity so this is something that I'm working a lot on with the real estate uh sales people that I'm coaching that I train because here's what I hear most often when I train and Coach a real estate salesperson and they come to me in the beginning we start to look at some of their sales calls we start to record their actual prospecting phone calls so we can really look and hear what is it that we're saying and how we're saying it and for most new sales people this is true that we get kind of this nervous overly enthusiastic what I call sales Voice or or phone voice and it sounds something like this right so a prospect picks up the phone hey Bob Bob this is Brandon uh with Billy Bob's real estate how are you today and that overly enthusiastic voice is only only comes from what telemarketers and when a prospect picks up a phone to hear something like that we automatically start to raise that resistance of the Prospect and the call doesn't doesn't uh doesn't go very far because the prospect thinks nothing but man I wish I didn't pick up this call what do I need to do to get off this call and so they start to give you sales resistance immediately because we've come off to salesy like we have something to sell and the prospects just don't want to hear it you could have a million dollars that you're giving away to that Prospect because they answered the call that day and it wouldn't matter because of the tonality in which we are using so what we have to do is this we have to invert that we have to think to ourselves and we've tested this for years and years and years there's all kinds of studies and research behind this as well we have to communicate in a way that elicits the prospect's Curiosity we have to communicate in a way that pulls the prospect into so that they start to say hmm I what is this call about and I might be open to hearing this person out and so what we have to do is we have to communicate in a way where we almost appear like we're struggling a bit and so here's the analogy that I gave a lot of my coaching clients that I'm going to give to you here on this video so so just imagine a world for just a second you go to the grocery store and you see a little old nice lady struggling to put her groceries in her inner trunk and she sees you coming and she says hey you know uh would you help me with these how first off how does that make you feel when you see the old lady struggling to to do something that maybe you find so easy to do and then that person then asks you to help it probably empowers you to do something for someone else that maybe makes you feel good about yourself at least that's what most people how most people would feel so what do we have to do to be the old lady on the phone this is the analogy this is the the vision I want to I want to uh have you think about so that you come across to the prospect as someone that not only is struggling but here's the key thing that the prospect wants to help out you see when most salespeople are prospecting and they're talking to people over the phone they are eliciting something called Psychological reactants which is simply when somebody feels as though their freedom to make their own decisions is being taken away and when that occurs somebody starts to resist that other person so what we have to do is communicate in a way that lowers that reactance and best case is remove it all all together so we do that by communicating as such where we are almost confused like that we're struggling on the call so the prospect feels that come through the phone call where they want to help us where we elicit their curiosity so let me give you a couple uh scenarios or give you an example of what this could sound like in a role play so that you might be able to use this on your next sales phone call so rather than calling a prospect and getting all over overly enthusiastic which we know doesn't work very well let's pretend we're calling a prospect and that Prospect of course his name is Bob and a man picks up the phone and that person says hello here's how you might respond to that to elicit some curiosity lower sales resistance you might say something like hey you know I'm not even sure if I if I have the right number I was looking for for Bob and you act confused now what do you think that person is going to do they don't know necessarily they don't feel as though rather that's the key thing they don't feel as though it's a sales call so they start to get curious hmm who is this and what is this call about so they say yes and then the next thing you say to keep playing or to keep eliciting that Curiosity from the prospect don't get all overly enthusiastic you say listen I'm not even sure uh this call is appropriate or if you can help me out or not I was really hoping just to maybe ask you a quick question and then you could tell me if we need to talk or not would that be okay and now when we go permission based now we're playing to something called the principle of consistency where we've given all of the perceived control to the prospect so the prospect has a decision to make they can either engage in the conversation or not and they're the ones that get to make that decision and what you will find is that most of the time the prospect says sure uh what's this about go ahead something like that because their curiosity is so high that now when they verbalize to have the conversation and that principle of consistency which researchers have shown that when people verbalize a commitment the likelihood for them to behave incongruency with that commitment is much higher that you're now able to get into a much better conversation with a prospect when you approach it this way where you are assuming uh as though they might not be interested in what you have to talk about because all we're looking to do when we make an outbound prospecting phone call is to sell not an appointment not your product not your service but simply a conversation because isn't it true that we have to have a conversation with a prospect to determine if the prospect has a need if the prospect has Point uh pain if the prospect is open to what it is that we're selling and so hopefully that makes sense try this on your next phone call let me know how it works so that's it for today's show if you got any value I hope that uh you do hang out you subscribe if you're a real estate professional you're looking for consulting or mentoring or coaching I will put a link underneath this video feel free to schedule a coaching consultation with our team we'd be happy to have a conversation with you and what it is that we can do to help you build a listing based real estate sales business and then you can decide if working with me at this point makes sense or not so we'll see you guys tomorrow appreciate all your support and we'll talk to you guys soon

  Top Comments:
  1. @jibberjabber-fm6pb [2 likes]: i can tell you marco island residents are scared. we just got flooded but sanibel got distroyed and its connecting bridge gone. thats whats gonna happen to marco island if hit directly. i think marco islanders will sell and move
  2. @maaatefi [2 likes]: If you could make these Daily Show episodes in podcast format, that would be awesome!
  3. @truthaboveall7988 [2 likes]: Florida was already experiencing 4 out 10 counties w the highest vacancies owned but empty homes private equity hedge funds were sadly free to buy up housing w help from the gutting of Dodd Frank in 2018
  4. @Dave-zl2ky [2 likes]: Insurance companies have long-term memories and all the big companies already left. Huge increases are coming that might affect future sales.
  5. @Bobby_716 [2 likes]: Great show! I’m a high producing LO myself, housing market is clearly in shambles at the moment..
  6. @BrandonMulrenin [1 likes]: ▶ ▶ ▶ WANT ME AS YOUR COACH ?
Schedule a One-on-One consultation here: http://bit.ly/3uEuE5r
  7. @Prospecting.with.cristian [1 likes]: Prayers for everyone
  8. @century21edge [1 likes]: Hurricane Michael was worse, and we didn't see an impact in Florida overall. Near the impact zone, it will cause rents and purchase prices to rise due to the sheer number of homes destroyed and supply chain constraints.
  9. @sacredmailbox [1 likes]: Brandon you always have great content. Have alerts set up and listening to your videos is part of my routine now.
  10. @TheThomaspreciado [1 likes]: Great show!
  11. @iamGrowing: We were about to go into contract to buy a home in Jupiter. We called up for home owners insurance and got a quote for $8500.  Needless to say, we backed out and won’t be doing Florida. We were going to use this as our vacation home.
  12. @alext802: Bruh you definitely ripped of the actual daily show font lol
  13. @patientmagnet5348: Seems dramatized.  Doubt much will change in market looking out 6-12 months.
  14. @Aaron_R: I think it's going to raise prices. Unless you live near a hurricane flood zone - prices are going up.
  15. @illuminaughty2929: Hope they open up a Chick fil A in Ft Myers.   We don't need anymore gay chikin.
  16. @luirepairmastertech2243: lol you dont know nothing about florida market i just close and my house is worth already 63k more at closing date the storm only damage beach area dont be foolish the market will raise and raise in florida stop reading articles and do your own investigation lol lol

- Economic Impact of Hurricane Halen: Costs, Insurance, and Living in Florida: Kind: captions Language: en six months ago I made a video about Florida and I said this is going to be the worst hurricane season ever and it's going to mess up so much stuff in this video we're going to talk about hurricane Helen and we're not going to talk about how bad it's going to be we're talk about the economical impact it's going to have you and on your family because I got ripped apart for the last one I made I got emails saying people you don't know what you're talking about and you need to go off yourself and all this kind of other stuff what's completely fine with me but I noticed a pattern and this pattern is is when stuff happens you are always hoping that it happens to your neighbor and not yourself and this is a common problem across the United States probably even the globe right when St stuff like that happens and we're going to go over all that is that you never think it's going to happen to you it's always like oh this this was once in a lifetime occurrent and I got emails like that saying I got emails saying exactly that that this is a once- in a-lifetime occurrence there is never ever going to be another hurricane like that again and now let's watch what's coming if this storm surge measurement is any indication of what's to come with approaching hurricane Helen here in Appalachia Cola we need to brace for the worst this shading of blue represents what could be the storm surge ination of a landfalling category 4 hurricane this is a landfalling category 3 and this is a storm surge in foundation for a category 2 that shading of red and with over 10 ft of storm surge predicted where I'm standing here that's over twice my Heights this may be the storm that people here have feared for Generations the area is so susceptible because of the shallow Gulf of Mexico that you could go out 50 miles from here and still only have 10 ft of water underneath you so once that storm surge gets pushed up it has nowhere to go but inundate this very very uh lowline area of Appalachia Bay now this storm doesn't stop here it moves well Inland and we're concerned about the threat of hurricane and tropical storm Forest winds as far north as Atlanta and then we've got to talk about the rain over a foot of rain National Weather Service coming out of Atlanta talking about unprecedented amounts of rain with this system as it approaches the region for this Thursday and Friday everybody in Florida my heart goes out to you because I don't want anybody to be hurt and it's just it's just sad because when you have to evacuate and I was there when I lived in Orlando and for Myers when there was hurricanes and it cost you money so a lot of people don't know that once you need to evacuate it costs you hundreds of dollars and you don't evacuate um if you don't evacuate you just gamble with your life and it is absolutely crazy to just stay put when there's stuff going on around you that you don't know so to evacuate a family during a hurricane cause costs per family up to $5,000 and when you are already low on budget you don't have that money you don't have that money so you need to put that on credit cards and trying to get out and they probably put in an order where they can't price gou you on on gas and all this other stuff but yeah it is absolutely bananas 5,000 bucks that's what you're that's what you got to deal with and to top it all off citizen Insurance in August said hey we're not making enough money we need to increase premium so they asked the state how about a 15% increase that's about $670 so that's going to be coming and they haven't even included this storm yet so and Florida is facing a whoin 24% insurance car premiums increase um this year and next year because all these cars are getting flooded so you're going to spend 24% more on your car insurance right and now you're like hey if I make 20% more a year with my salary and all this other stuff I might be fine and you're probably right you would be fine but you're going to make a whopping how much is it 3.9% let's call it 5% you're going to make a whopping 5% more than you did this year than last year and so all these costs are starting to pile up all these costs are starting to weigh in if it is a good move for you and if you can still afford to live in Florida and if you are one of the super wealthy ones that have a house on the beach and that has another one in the Hampton's and an apartment in New York don't worry about it I'm not worried about you I'm worried about these people that are minimum wage or have just like me that are middle class upper middle class that just can't do it that just move their hoping for a better life and all of a sudden the cost is just driving them out again and you thought like hey Florida cheap place to live cheap place to retire and all of a sudden you come to realization that oh man this changed and when you're looking at all these wet patterns you can call out what you want it's not going to get any better that's the problem it's not like you can say oh in two years this is over and we're going to be done no the water's getting hotter and if the is over fishing global warming who knows but it's just getting warmer El Nino whatever you want to call it it's just getting worse and then sea levels rise makes it harder um you know mangroves they killed the mangrove so when I was living in Florida they said when the mangr leaves that was like a natural protection barrier and we put just everything in the ocean it kills the ocean and then the ocean gets hotter and hurricanes take more speed they're they're more severe and then that causes everybody to lose their house floods it all out and then you need to make a citizen Insurance claim and now you're like ha citizen well citizen has a bunch of fine print what they don't cover floods they don't cover this they don't cover that and then they only cover for certain amounts and I've seen people now online actually saying that citizen covered um like only major appliances and everything else they said nope and for their appliances they only had a certain amount coverage and now you're looking at it like oh man and if they can pwn you off to another um provider they will do that I think you need to have 20 if there's another provider that can offer the insurance for 20% more then they're like yep you're out go move over there and so that's why they're constantly increasing the RIS right and now if you're living there you got to go naked you got to either pay for your house and get out or just cough up all this money and the problem is which jobs in Florida are going to pay that that well that you can still live because when you're looking at all these price hikes you're kind of starting to make six figures to just pay your bills and not drown in debt because $5,000 dis evacuation $5,000 next time next year and then oh trees Got U trees got fell on my property I got to get that removed oh my car's flooded so Insurance of the car went up and all these things will cost you so much money and even if it wasn't just you it was your neighbor's car your neighbor lost the roof and all these other things and that's going to make your cost go up too and then you got to you got to see all these people that are leaving and saying hey let me just make one more Insurance claim because I'm leaving anyways and then I'm out so they make one more Insurance claim and say I got this repaired on their insurance because I'm leaving anyways and then that's going to drive your insurance up even more so it is absolutely crazy and what I've also noticed that I spoke a little bit about in the earlier of the video it's funny that when stuff happens to us it's always like haha happened to my neighbor not me and you're like just laughing and we're like we're like a herd of just sheep just running after each other and one falls down the line haha and happened to him hopefully not me it's like these these water buffalos that almost get eaten by the crocodile huh got Charlie thankfully didn't get me and you see that in politics also you see that with Donald Trump when he got indicted and now the mayor of New York got indicted so now we're going to see how that all plays out because it's funny when one party does it and it's whole screaming out and now the other party does it and now we're going to see what's going on and it's always funny to see the boomerang come back because everything is just so toxic now we're not like lenient and say hey you know what maybe maybe this is not the right place for me maybe this is not the right direction that I want to take my life with my family in and then people get really mad and say you need to leave so if you don't like Florida and if you don't like what's there people in the comment section scream you need a leavea and it's like no that's the absolutely wrong part of doing it you need to voice your opinion and say hey this is wrong and you need to go out and vote and try to vote in Not a Crook and it is hard to do because it's mostly run by Crooks but you got to figure out people that have the best interest of the country in mind or your state and your legislator and that is a hard thing to do because everything is so corrupted so about money so you just got to figure out trying to figure out who has the best in mind for your time being and if you have kids you got to do it for them and that's hard to think because everybody's just in it for themselves they're like let me be five minutes early let me let me go to this road rage real quick to because they blocked me and I was one of them so I'm had issues with that because I'm like so impatient and I was working on it but I'm telling you you got to you got to start just being more like lenient and say hey yeah this might not be the right spot for me and my family to be in this environment where it's all just toxic and you got to see all the num and I feel like living in a spot a lot of people have a lot of emotions attached to it and I get it your family lives there everything else and people ask me hey why I can't move my family lives there then I say well then tell your family to start pitching in for your bills oh I can't do that they're not going to do that then move then move somewhere where you make the most amount of money and you can actually afford a good life because you probably have student loan debt and you got to pay your bills and if you can't do it in one city you need to find another place to do especially in this competitive job market and people say h I'm just going to hold out well the time is coming and running out the time for you to get another job this year is coming to an end all these people that are on the job search right now Thanksgiving coming up Christmas holidays are coming up and all these holidays are coming up so people that are in companies that have PTO use it or lose it are going to go on vacation if they haven't and it's going to make it really hard to schedule interviews and hiring kind of slows and so if you're looking at Selling Houses this kind of the same situation when you're trying to get out get out of Florida and get another spot because you just need to but man it is brutal and I did it I moved from Florida to California for a better life and it worked out great and maybe I'm maybe I'm the exception but man I sure worked hard and I'm still doing it and trying to trying to figure out where can I with my family live the cheapest life and make the most amount of money so I can provide the best for my family and talking about it online and talking to you guys about it I feel like I'm hoping that other people kind of look at my content and say hey this is just something just opin just another opinion to take into consideration so if you take my opinion into consideration you watch other YouTubers and you're like hey they did it I can do it too and then you do it and you build well for your family and you build well for your children and then you can provide them a better better place to live then they're happier and hopefully you inspire them to do good in the world and I'm just like man you just gota you just got to move to a place where you are appreciated and where they don't just pass you on all the bills and just hand you through U like trickle down economics it's trickle down taxes where you just yeah you have no state income tax in Florida man you got all these other things going against you now with hurricanes with insurance with insurance crisis and just all that stuff in general and you don't have these high paying tech jobs because nobody has these frankly anymore so you are just trying to make it and yeah I don't know where you're going to go but you got to figure something out and I feel like where there's less natural disasters it's going to be way way cheaper for you in the long run yeah it might be hard because your family not there but I'm interested to see if the if the pool to Florida in a year or two is still going to be the same as it was during Co where everybody was like I'm remote I'm remote so let's get out and the data hasn't come up yet and the data always lags but we're seeing stuff just stay on the market when you're looking at Florida when you look at one of my last videos you're looking at all these places that have such such high um discounts now that they've motivated seller trying to get out so all these things are affecting the housing market are affecting the economy and yeah we'll see it's going to be really really interesting to see where this is all going to end and I really hope with this storm no lives get lost and they all move out but man paying $5,000 unexpected on your budget in times like this holy macaroni and I was surprised to see that it was that much I thought it's going to be a few hundred doll to get out of the way but no 5,000 bucks that's what you're about to pin it makes sense because you got to fill up your car you got to boarden up your your house you got to make sure that the water doesn't come in you fill up your sandbags you do all this other stuff and you trying to get the heck out of Dodge and so do all the other people and hotels if they haven't declared a state of emergency they're just going to say hey we're almost full so we're going to the last few rooms are going to be way way more expensive than the earlier ones so you got to got to get out and maybe want to come to Las Vegas hang out over here and take a few days scamble relax at the casinos relax at the Cabanas it's 89 so mornings are starting to get chilly a little bit but hey it's nice I'm telling you it is very nice the scenery is gorgeous and the people are amazing but don't move here because it's full we have no more room so come to visit though and yeah that is it for this video like And subscribe and yeah this is this is no hurricanes no storms might come though they flood down downtown because all it's in a valley so it floods to the deepest point but we will see the only thing here is that these are when when it floods it's these billion dollar Corporation casinos that flooded not these other not houses that people actually live in and casinos have maintenance Crews they can kind of work with it and floods at the link but nowhere else really so we will see what this pattern's going to bring of winter time and rainy season it's going to be interesting because the weather's 100% changing let me know what you guys think about all this and I appreciate you guys a lot so let me know and I'll see you in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @Jrodzay [5 likes]: Poverty everywhere
  2. @TennantMary [3 likes]: Film production from Hollywood going to Las Vegas it’s going to be crowded soon
  3. @TennantMary [3 likes]: Flooding, sinkholes, water sprouts, tornadoes and hurricanes is Florida. And beaches slowly going away. What do you expect!!! Oh yeah HAIL!! Lightning strikes hitting people. Number 2 thunder storms.
  4. @violetlightburst [2 likes]: Rico your gonna be very busy making videos cuz everything is going to hell.
  5. @Michael-kx7im [2 likes]: USAA pulled out of Florida for home insurance
  6. @IndependentManInTheHills [2 likes]: I ask Kamala about the hurricane and her response was she grew up middle class. 😂
  7. @MarcBKLYN [2 likes]: Do you have Store with the truck 🛻 Hat?🎩
  8. @Jrodzay [2 likes]: Just here to comment about my homie rico !!!
  9. @jannoyes6248 [1 likes]: Well that economy has been built how many times on everyones money. Thinking kinda ran out.
  10. @evotechproductions [1 likes]: Dunno why anyone would want to live in Florida lol
  11. @TennantMary [1 likes]: High tech is going to Boston. Making my city worcester cost of living going up now.
  12. @TennantMary [1 likes]: Walk away from negative avoid it.
  13. @jamesnewberry1191 [1 likes]: What's Hurricane Halen ??
  14. @CEA9234: Lol. Simple minded fools only like the weather and eye catchhing nature of florida. Not a good choice of where to move to
  15. @deano1593: Its doesn't matter where the Hurricanes hit. Everyone will be paying for it with higher rates. The insurance companies will spread out the risk to Everyone. They are not going to pay for it with their profits. 😮
  16. @jeffs9850: When I was laid off in 2002, I had gone back to college to finish my bachelors. The day after graduation I flew out west for an interview. I’d had several others before. But was offered a job in Wyoming. We packed up the family & moved 1,200+ miles to WY. It was very hard to do but worked out far better financially than we could have ever expected.
  17. @jeffreycheng5984: Whoever is (S)Elected as the next US president, Jeffrey Epstein will be the real winner.
  18. @jeffreycheng5984: Birds of a feather flock together. Jeffrey Epstein. Ghislaine Maxwell. Bill Clinton. Donald Drumpf. Bill Gates. Elon Musk. RFK Jr. Jamie Dimon. Larry Fink. Stephen Schwarzman. Alan Dershowitz. Prince Andrew. King Charles III. US Supreme Court Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. Ehud Barak. Joe Biden. Hunter Biden. Camel Toe Harris. George W. Bush. GHWB.
Sheldon Adelson. Miriam Adelson.
Peter Thiel. Benzion Mileikowsky. Sean P. Diddy Combs. Barack Obongo. Jared Kushner. Hellery Clinton(Trump's 14th cousin according to genealogists).
Klaus Anal Schwab(WEF).
Anthony Josef Mengele Fauci.
Melania Knavs. 
Pfizer CEO Albert Bourla.
  19. @BriarwoodHoldings_49: listen things get very very lenient during the holidays let me tell you.
  20. @MarcBKLYN: 😂

- In-Depth: The cost and impact of major hurricanes: Kind: captions Language: en hurricanes and other clim caused nearly $2 trillion last 40 years. The worst was 2017. When hurricanes Harvey caused over $125 b damages. Irma. The storm after Harvey is the stron to ever form in the Atlan Gulf of Mexico and the Ca The costliest was Hurrica New Orleans lost their jo of nearly $3 billion doll storm also damaged countl in the region, Pushing th the US to over $3 a gallo The state also lost count and lost tax revenue as i tourism, had to cease ope forced hundreds of thousa of the city. The 2010 US population dropped from o to just over 230,000 and than half of the city's p Katrina displaced some 40 in Louisiana, Mississippi went to large cities like and would never return. O called the big easy home. of Louisianans fled to Co storm. According to our p Post. Between 12 and 15,0 Left New Orleans to come Some 6000 evacuees still city home, some are still exact number is unclear. coverage of tropical stor half hour with the latest You can also check out al on the storm on our free app. Just download it fro device. For those of you on Denver seven plus, all

  Top Comments:
  1. @jonathanbenson7873 [2 likes]: Who saw the cloud seeding explosion from satellite!??? Yeah… we could control the weather in Vietnam but but they’ve abolished the haarp facilities 🤦‍♂️
  2. @justinsane7128: That's still less than the weapons we left Taliban terrorists
  3. @greysonturney1370: Hi

- 19 Things You Should PACK & DO to Make a Long Flight Feel Short: Kind: captions Language: en here are the top things I would do to avoid the worst parts of flying so that your next flight especially if it's Long Haul is comfortable anxiety free and feels shorter than it is I'm going to cover everything you should pack and wear as well as airport tips you may or may not know and things like seat selection and how to minimize jetl first let's start with the 12 things that I recommend you pack for your next flight and these are all things that I personally use and have tested myself number one is this new style of travel pillow I recently tried it on a couple of flights and it is a complete GameChanger for sleeping on the plane it's more of a head and neck stabilizer instead of a traditional pillow but it's perfect if you're prone to the dreaded head bobbing here's how it works you just attach the back part to the headrest on your seat so the person behind you isn't affected at all and then you velcrow on this eye mask part so essentially your head and neck stays perfectly stabilized and then you get to use this blackout eye mask so no more neet Kinks I slept hard with this thing on and honestly the only reason I woke up was because I could start to hear the flight attendants kind of slamming the doors as they were preparing meal service I would say it does take a little bit of getting used to because you're essentially just kind of strapped in and you do feel a little bit of pulling as you're kind of just settling in and getting comfortable but after a couple of minutes you're in complete blackout you're comfortable you'll fall right asleep now if you don't like this style of pillow I still recommend bringing an eye mask to use and this is for a couple of reasons number one is if you want some sleep but your neighbor has the window shade up or their reading light is on but the second reason is I find it never fails that when the cabin is dark someone around you is watching an action movie and so their screen is 90 minutes of bright flashing light so a blackout eye mask is a must along similar lines I like bringing lightly shaded Sunglasses if a lot of people have their windows open it can be really bright at 30,000 ft so this really helps alleviate eye strain next is my foot hamic to elevate my feet on a long flight it is so much more comfortable if you can do this I've talked about this Lots since I use it all the time all you do is just slip it over the metal bars behind the tray table on the seat in front of you you can adjust the length for depending how short or long your legs are and as long as you're not swinging and kicking your feet which you shouldn't be anyway you'll just be resting them in the actual hammock part the person in front of you will have no idea that you're using it I think this is way less disruptive than kicking children behind you or people who are constantly grabbing your seat for leverage to help them stand up I've never been asked to not use this I've used this for probably 3 years now but just know that you cannot use it during takeoff and Landing noise cancelling headphones are a must either over the ear or earbuds will do I prefer the over the ear since they're more comfortable but if I don't have a lot of room or weight allowance in my personal item bag these little earbuds work perfectly fine just make sure they have the noise cancelling feature this is pretty standard on most newer models of earphones and earbuds even if you don't plan to watch a movie or listen to music or an Audi book that drone of the airplane noise is pretty exhausting after a while so blocking out that really helps with minimizing fatigue if you do bring your own wireless headphones many planes still use the cord plugins so you'll have to bring a Bluetooth adapter if you want to watch the inseat entertainment I'll link to the one that I use I just got it off of Amazon it's pretty small and really easy to use and you can connect two sets of headphones to it so you and your travel companion can watch the same movie together my latest favorite travel Gadget is this ultra slim charger if you have a bulky phone charging block like mine if you come across some well-used plugins they get really loose and sometimes this brick won't stay in especially on planes because sometimes the plugin is at a bit of an in angle so this little guy is the size of a few credit cards put together and then it's got two USBC ports so if there's only two Chargers between three seats on the plane it's not a big deal and then it's great once you're in your destination so sometimes when you're at the hotel you'll find that the closest plugin to the bed is actually behind the bed frame so when you've got like a thick charging block that sticks out it literally doesn't fit versus this little slim guy will fit perfectly fine or like on my recent trip to Cancun the plug-in at the bedside table was was so loose that my charger literally wouldn't stay in I plugged it in and it would just fall right out of the wall so we had to get books and the TV remote and just stack it up underneath so that it would stay held in all right now what type of clothing or outfit should you wear this is really subjective but the most important thing is that you want to be comfortable and so for this I recommend layers pretty much everyone will tell you that so here is a standard flying outfit that I wear I'll wear either these travel pants which are loose and flowy or black leggings and then a T-shirt and a sweater with a hood now for the pants I usually hover between the two choices but it really depends I usually like a tighter fitting legging because they just kind of keep everything snug and for me that's more comfortable but some days I'm not feeling it and I'll wear this style of pant either way whatever bottoms you choose make sure your pants don't drag because at the end of a long flight the bathroom floors just get so gross like wet everywhere so just make sure your pants aren't dragging on the ground and then I like Hood so that I can be cozy and hide myself when I don't want to be bothered so just make sure you have some sort of short sleeve underneath in case you do get hot and ideally a good thing to think about is either a sweater or a jacket that has deep zippered Pockets this is important if you're traveling solo and you want to get up to go to the bathroom this way you can keep your valuables with you speaking of getting hot a handheld fan can be a lifesaver if you're prone to getting hot on the plane I used this on two different flights on my recent trip the first time was because our connection through the Paris airport was super tight so unfortunately we had to run to the gate and so by the time we sat down we were just sweating almost since the air vents didn't get turned on until takeoff it makes a world of a difference to have a few personal hygiene items with you I like these little single-use toothbrushes they have toothpaste in the middle and you don't need water or you don't need to rinse they're so much more convenient than brushing your teeth in the laboratory I also pack some body wipes and deodorant and use this when I just feel the need to be freshened up at any point during the flight I also wear compression socks usually on any flight over 4 hours not only do they help prevent or at least minimize swelling which can be really uncomfortable but they're also really important to help decrease the chance of developing blood clots as well and one trick I like to do to also prevent swelling is to draw the alphabet with my legs when I'm sitting in my seat this just helps you get a little more movement in and staying hydrated is also really important for not feeling so tired and lifeless at the end of a flight so either bring a refillable water bottle with you or buy one in the airport I like Fiji Water it's expensive but it does have electrolytes and minerals and it's just something that I like and also having to go pee is good because it does force you to get up and move every so often and finally my little vix vapo inhaler it's no fun being stuck sitting next to someone who may or may not smell the freshest at times so if that happens I'll usually pull this out and breathe in a bit of minty freshness and it also helps kind of wake you up too honestly one of the worst Parts about flying is going through security particularly because you never know how busy or slow the lineup is going to be so that's why I recommend that if you don't have TSA pre-check or are flying internationally check online to see if the airport you're flying out of offers some sort of Express option where you can pre-book yourself a spot in the security line so for example at Toronto Pearson this program is called YYZ Express and it's completely free you just book yourself a spot and you'll get a QR code to scan to enter a separate lineup now some airports do charge a small fee for this service recently I flew out of Lisbon in Portugal and so I bought the FasTrack pass for €9 to me this was super worth it because we saved ourselves at least 20 or 25 minutes to find out if the airport offers this I would just Google the airport name plus something along the lines of Express security line or fast track or something similar not every airport will offer this but it's definitely a growing Trend so you never know now choosing where you sit on the plane can also make all the difference first we have the window or the aisle SE argument this is really personal preference if you like being able to get up to go to the bathroom whenever you want without having to disturb anyone the aisle is going to be the place for you but if you tend to stay seated and do your own thing the window seat is best since you only have to move when you need to get up however there are big differences within the plane itself for example the bulkhead Row in economy usually means there's the most leg room this is usually the front front row when there's no seat in front of you but with this seat you won't be able to store your personal item bag under the seat in front of you because there is no seat so for takeoff and Landing you will have to have your bag stowed up above emergency exit row seats also have extra leg room and some Airlines allow you to board earlier if you're in this row because you do have to be briefed if you're traveling as a pair in a widebody plane where the middle row has three or four seats you might want to consider the two end seats since this means a stranger won't have to ask you to get up to go to the restroom they'll probably use the other side if you're not sure which seat to choose find a seat map for your aircraft to do this just head to flightaware.com and type in your flight number the website seatguru.com isn't updated anymore but it still might have some relevant information for your particular flight I still like to check it just in case there's still valid information for my aircraft because there are also usually comments left by other Travelers on particular seats here's an extra tip to consider though I also like to browse this for not just information on seat pitch and leg room but also to see if there are any issues with overhead bin storage directly above the seat for example I searched a Boeing 7879 WestJet flight and I found this comment seats 1D 1f 2D and 2f do not have overhead storage the bins above them are reserved for aircraft equipment so you must share overhead bin space with the window seats in rows 1 and two I'm also going to mention Flight Aware again because it's also a great website to check the status of your flight especially if you're on a connection sometimes the gate can change or doesn't get updated on the boards right away and Flight Aware is always up to date so if you're sitting at the bar and you don't have a flightboard in plain sight you can keep an eye on this and it's totally free now let's talk about jetl as far as how to beat jet leg this is a tough one but there are a few things that I do to minimize the effects if it's an evening or overnight flight I try to get up as early as possible on that day and do a decent amount of exercise to Tire my body out this will vary for everyone but for example for me personally I'll do a heavy weightlifting session and then a nice long walk or get in as many steps as I can that day so that by the time I'm on the plane my body is physically tired and wants to go to sleep if possible I also try to not plan anything for the first day in my destination so if you can give yourself a bit of a buffer day to just chill that really helps and if not walking getting sunshine and staying hydrated will definitely make a difference and finally I always recommend traveling carry-on only if you can do it I find this just saves you from all kinds of extra stress or anxiety no need to wait in line to check your bag at the airport and not having to worry about your luggage making it to your destination especially if you have connecting foots and if you're new to this idea don't worry I've got you covered because that's what my channel is all about so I invite you to explore some of my other videos with practical tips about packing lighter thank you so much for watching and I'll see you in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @alysmalls [39 likes]: These are my long-haul flight travel essentials, must-haves and tips for navigating the airport, choosing the best seat & minimizing jet lag! All products listed in my shop here or linked individually below! https://www.amazon.com/shop/alysmalls/list/1HVV5ET2B3OZS?ref_=aipsflist 
► Products in Video: 
Travel pillow/eye mask combo: https://amzn.to/3UqGQ8v 
Blackout eye mask: https://amzn.to/4dYPdze 
Sunglasses: https://amzn.to/3NAniuG 
Foot hammock: https://amzn.to/4eWtuJw 
Noise-canceling headphones (over ear): https://amzn.to/3AauR8i 
Noise-canceling earbuds: https://amzn.to/48pd4Hc 
Headphone Bluetooth Adapter: https://amzn.to/3Acm2uy 
Ultra slim charger: https://amzn.to/4hfOA79 
Outfit (sweater): https://amzn.to/3BVcggV 
Outfit (flowy pants): https://amzn.to/4eVS0u7 
Outfit (leggings): https://amzn.to/3BXnNMN 
Travel fan: https://amzn.to/3C7i1Ii 
Disposable Toothbrushes: https://amzn.to/4e8wMIw 
Body Wipes: https://amzn.to/4dYRHh2 
Compression socks: https://amzn.to/4eXxVn9 
Vicks VapoInhaler: https://amzn.to/3Yzr65w 

► Carry-on Luggage in Video:
Bric’s Spinner (blue): https://amzn.to/3UmPOUu 
Cream-colored hardshell: https://amzn.to/4hizxtg 
Monos Carry-on (olive green): https://shrsl.com/4q551   
Green Personal Item bag: https://amzn.to/3C7nJKe
  2. @jettschenker [2 likes]: Single used toothbrushes that have toothpaste in them you don’t need water or you don’t need to rinse. What the hell are you supposed to do? Swallow all that crap?
  3. @huyto9494 [1 likes]: Man white people have lots of accessories to survive long flight!
  4. @OztralaHats [1 likes]: I love this 😍🥰 You're great
  5. @beztoop342 [1 likes]: I often opt for a longer loose dress when flying and always have a silk jumper, silk cardigan and a silk wrap in my carry on so I can use layers if needed. Even a very thin silk wrap is surprising warm.
  6. @lucybecker8 [1 likes]: I used to get sick-- dizzy, malaise, nausea, really miserable when flying. After 3 and a half hours I was done, was restless, miserable, frantic. The last hour on these shorter trips were awful and hard on my husband who watched me go through this and not able to help. I have motion sickness and thought it was just getting worse as I got older. What changed was once by chance I ate well before the flight and bought a lot of healthy food to take with. Now I make sure to eat regularly and well ( not snacks or candy or bready cakey stuff) and  keep drinking water, Evian was the best, really worth it. I eat well before boarding and make sure to buy a lot of the best food available at the ( overpriced) kiosks. Eating every hour and a half, or every couple of hours completely stopped the misery. I always have taken and still take ginger Gravol and wear acupuncture wristbands for motion sickness. Next flight I plan to take some sort of relaxant, either natural or a mild prescription med.
  7. @heleneg525: I happen to love the sound of the engine noise. Heaven help us should we suddenly stop hearing it!
  8. @DarronHolecz: As an Aircraft mechanic I would worn against using the foot hammocks that attach to tray tables. Tray ables are not designed for that and worst case you could brake it and accidentally cause a delay. Just my 2 cents. (Also I looked into it they are being banned from major airlines anyways for those reasons and for safety reasons. )
  9. @JakeGrindstaff: I prefer my outer layer to be a zipper or buttons, it's easier to take off or put on while sitting in your cramped airline seat.
  10. @2RR: Pretty sure foot hammocks are not allowed. What airlines are you using that do allow them? Cause, Delta and other big carriers do not. Believe me, if they did, I would have one!
  11. @FOHguy: Don't fly economy
  12. @ErikaColeman-l9x: I believe YYZ Express has been discontinued
  13. @Ikhan-z7j: Airlines really need to increase the legroom on all flights a 32” pitch (79cm) is way too small. 

The Standard sofa depth (from the very front to the very back) is 89cm, but most sofas are 81 to 100cm in depth so where are the knees supposed to go? And how can I stand up/sit down without bumping my hips into the seat in front. Make it make sense.
  14. @nwilson-washingtondc117: I always pack some laytex gloves as well as the sanitizers you mentioned.
  15. @cameronstyles69: That neck pillow is awful for strap muscles.
  16. @vivianimbriale3446: What ever happened to a handheld fan.  I have multiple fans to use here in Florida.  I also gave 2 that fold into itself for travel.  No charging problem.
  17. @crseabrk: Great tips Aly! I really appreciate you not begging for subscribers, comments and smashing the like button. Mine got smashed a long time ago and I haven't been able to find a replacement ,-) Great content attracts subscribers naturally.
  18. @sunnystarry918: how do you make your eyebrows look great
  19. @18564864: The staff at united airlines would not let me use the foot hammok they said it deforms the seat in front so thats a nono.
  20. @IHeartNationalParks1: Wouldn’t all these gadgets take up a lot of valuable space in your bag?

- Nuclear Survival Day Nine—Tier Two Food, Radiation Math, and Staying Sane: Kind: captions Language: en Most people think the flash is the end. They think&nbsp; if the big one drops on a midsize town like yours,&nbsp;&nbsp; you just evaporate and that is that. They are&nbsp; wrong. The flash is the mercy. The real bill&nbsp;&nbsp; comes due on day nine. That is when the silence&nbsp; stops being eerie and starts feeling heavy.&nbsp;&nbsp; You were sitting in a basement or a reinforced&nbsp; hallway listening to the dust settle and you&nbsp;&nbsp; realize the world you knew did not just break, it&nbsp; was erased. Survival isn't about the blast. It is&nbsp;&nbsp; about the math of what is left behind. Go back to&nbsp; hour zero. You were probably at the grocery store&nbsp;&nbsp; or sitting in traffic on Fourth Street. Then the&nbsp; sky turned a color that does not exist in nature.&nbsp;&nbsp; It was not white. It was a searing predatory&nbsp; blue that burned right through your eyelids.&nbsp;&nbsp; You felt the heat before you heard the sound. That&nbsp; is the physics of it. Light travels faster than&nbsp;&nbsp; the shock wave. You had exactly 3 seconds&nbsp; to wonder if you were already dead before&nbsp;&nbsp; the pressure wave hammered the air out of your&nbsp; lungs and shattered every window in a 5m radius.&nbsp;&nbsp; The first 4 hours were pure chaos. People did&nbsp; not run to shelters. They ran into the streets&nbsp;&nbsp; screaming, looking for their kids, their spouses,&nbsp; anyone who could tell them this was not happening.&nbsp;&nbsp; You saw a guy trying to use his cell phone,&nbsp; staring at the dead screen like it was a&nbsp;&nbsp; holy relic that had failed him. Downrange, the&nbsp; horizon was a wall of black smoke and orange fire.&nbsp;&nbsp; The grid went down instantly. No&nbsp; sirens, no emergency broadcasts,&nbsp;&nbsp; just the sound of car alarms dying one by one as&nbsp; the electromagnetic pulse fried their electronics.&nbsp;&nbsp; This was your new SOP. Denial is the first&nbsp; thing that kills you in a gridown scenario.&nbsp;&nbsp; You saw it in the neighbors. They stayed in&nbsp; their living rooms with the windows blown out,&nbsp;&nbsp; waiting for the National Guard to roll down&nbsp; the street with bottled water and blankets.&nbsp;&nbsp; They thought this was a temporary glitch,&nbsp; like a bad storm. But you knew better.&nbsp;&nbsp; You saw the direction of the wind. You knew that&nbsp; black grit falling from the sky was not ash from&nbsp;&nbsp; a house fire. It was pulverized concrete and&nbsp; fallout. It was the clock ticking on your internal&nbsp;&nbsp; organs. You had to move. You dragged your family&nbsp; into the basement, not the center of the room,&nbsp;&nbsp; but the corner furthest below ground level. You&nbsp; grabbed the heavy oak table and tipped it over,&nbsp;&nbsp; piling every book, every gallon of water, and&nbsp; every suitcase you could find on top of it.&nbsp;&nbsp; Mass is your only friend when gamma rays&nbsp; are looking for a host. You were not just&nbsp;&nbsp; building a fort. You were building a leadlined&nbsp; coffin that you hoped would keep you alive.&nbsp;&nbsp; The kids were crying, asking why they could&nbsp; not turn on the lights. You had no answer.&nbsp;&nbsp; By hour three, the thirst set in. Not&nbsp; the kind of thirst you get after a jog.&nbsp;&nbsp; This was a metallic, dry heat in the back&nbsp; of your throat. You looked at the tap,&nbsp;&nbsp; but you did not touch it. You knew the city&nbsp; water towers were sitting ducks for fallout.&nbsp;&nbsp; Every drop in those pipes was a potential delivery&nbsp; system for iodine 131. Your daughter looked at you&nbsp;&nbsp; with cracked lips, holding her empty water bottle.&nbsp; That is when the guilt hits. You realize you spent&nbsp;&nbsp; years worrying about your 401k when you should&nbsp; have been worrying about 5gallon stackables.&nbsp;&nbsp; Outside the wind began to howl. It was a strange&nbsp; flat sound. There were no birds, no dogs barking,&nbsp;&nbsp; just the wind whipping through the&nbsp; skeletal remains of the neighborhood.&nbsp;&nbsp; You peeked through a crack in the cellar door and&nbsp; saw the sky had turned a sickly bruised purple.&nbsp;&nbsp; The fallout was coming down like heavy snow. But&nbsp; it didn't melt. It just piled up on the porch,&nbsp;&nbsp; a silent killer, waiting for a breeze to carry&nbsp; it into your lungs. You sealed the door with duct&nbsp;&nbsp; tape and prayed the seal held. That first night&nbsp; was the longest of your life. Every creek of the&nbsp;&nbsp; house sounded like a looter. Every cough from your&nbsp; son like the onset of radiation sickness. You sat&nbsp;&nbsp; there with a flashlight you knew would eventually&nbsp; run out of batteries, staring at the wall.&nbsp;&nbsp; You realized that the town was not coming to help.&nbsp; The police were at home with their own families.&nbsp;&nbsp; The fire department was overwhelmed. You&nbsp; were an island of four people in a sea of&nbsp;&nbsp; radioactive dust. Self-preservation had to shift&nbsp; to total protection. You were the only wall left.&nbsp;&nbsp; In the dark, you went over your inventory.&nbsp; Two cases of water, six cans of peaches,&nbsp;&nbsp; a bag of rice. You had no way to cook without&nbsp; making the basement smell like a target.&nbsp;&nbsp; You realized your gear was not a force multiplier&nbsp; because you did not have a force to multiply.&nbsp;&nbsp; You were just a guy with a backpack. If you&nbsp; wanted to survive to day 30, you needed a system.&nbsp;&nbsp; You needed to understand the physics of what&nbsp; was happening outside that basement door&nbsp;&nbsp; or you would be just another statistic by&nbsp; the end of the week. Looking at your wife&nbsp;&nbsp; sleeping on a cold concrete floor, you felt a&nbsp; new kind of fear. It was not the fear of dying.&nbsp;&nbsp; It was the fear of failing them. You realized&nbsp; that hope is not a strategy. It never was.&nbsp;&nbsp; If you had spent 10 minutes a week learning the&nbsp; actual protocols for a nuclear event, you would&nbsp;&nbsp; not be guessing right now. You would know exactly&nbsp; how many Renkins that basement war was blocking.&nbsp;&nbsp; But you didn't. You waited until the sky fell&nbsp; to start learning. Hope is not a strategy.&nbsp;&nbsp; Most people guess they have enough&nbsp; food, but the math says otherwise.&nbsp;&nbsp; When the grid goes dark, your intuition will&nbsp; fail you. You need hard data and a proven plan.&nbsp;&nbsp; Go to protocols survival.com right now.&nbsp; Calculate your survival score using our&nbsp;&nbsp; proprietary assessment tools. Do not wait&nbsp; for the flash to realize you are unprepared.&nbsp;&nbsp; Enroll in our free catastrophe survival 101 course&nbsp; and get the training before you actually need it.&nbsp;&nbsp; Your family's life depends on your competence,&nbsp; not your luck. Get the command center ready today.&nbsp;&nbsp; Welcome to day nine. This is the milestone that&nbsp; separates the survivors from the casualties.&nbsp;&nbsp; By now, the adrenaline has burned out. Your&nbsp; body is running on cortisol and stale crackers.&nbsp;&nbsp; The basement smells like unwashed skin&nbsp; and desperation. But something major has&nbsp;&nbsp; happened in the invisible world. Today marks the&nbsp; first halflife of iodine 131. Approximately half&nbsp;&nbsp; of that radioactive poison that blanketed your&nbsp; town on day one has decayed into stable zenon.&nbsp;&nbsp; It is a win that do not start celebrating yet.&nbsp; The invisible war is just changing its tactics.&nbsp;&nbsp; You are moving from the sprint to the marathon.&nbsp; Iodine 131 is the sprinter of isotopes. It hits&nbsp;&nbsp; hard and fast, targeting your thyroid and trying&nbsp; to cause permanent damage in the first week.&nbsp;&nbsp; But because its half-life is roughly 8 days,&nbsp; day 9 is the first time you can breathe a very&nbsp;&nbsp; small sigh of relief regarding your water and&nbsp; food safety. The hot iodine is diminishing.&nbsp;&nbsp; However, the ground outside is still a&nbsp; minefield of cesium 137 and strontium 90.&nbsp;&nbsp; Those isotopes do not care about a 9-day&nbsp; milestone. They are planning to stay&nbsp;&nbsp; for the next 30 years. Cesium 137 is the&nbsp; one that should keep you up at night.&nbsp;&nbsp; It is highly water soluble. It does not just&nbsp; sit on the ground. It moves with the rain,&nbsp;&nbsp; soaking into the soil and the muscle tissue&nbsp; of anything that eats from that soil.&nbsp;&nbsp; Strontium 90 is even more insidious.&nbsp; It looks like calcium to your body.&nbsp;&nbsp; If you ingest it, your bones will&nbsp; grab it and lock it in for decades.&nbsp;&nbsp; This is why day 9 is not an all clear. It is&nbsp; just a shift in the food consumption hierarchy.&nbsp;&nbsp; You have to be tactical about what&nbsp; you eat. Now, during the first week,&nbsp;&nbsp; you should have burned through your tier 1&nbsp; supplies. These are the pre-sealed packages,&nbsp;&nbsp; canned goods, and the stuff in the fridge&nbsp; that was still cold when the power died.&nbsp;&nbsp; Now, on day nine, you move to tier two. These are&nbsp; your pantry staples: rice, pasta, beans, flour.&nbsp;&nbsp; But here is the catch. They must have been&nbsp; stored in sealed containers away from the air.&nbsp;&nbsp; If that bag of flour was open on&nbsp; the counter when the fallout hit,&nbsp;&nbsp; it is no longer food. It is a delivery system&nbsp; for strontium. Be ruthless with your pantry.&nbsp;&nbsp; You might be tempted to look out the window and&nbsp; see the river. You might think about catching a&nbsp;&nbsp; fish to supplement your rations. Do not. Fish in&nbsp; contaminated water are bioaccumulation machines.&nbsp;&nbsp; The larger predatory fish have been eating smaller&nbsp; fish that have been eating contaminated algae.&nbsp;&nbsp; By the time it gets to your hook, that&nbsp; fish is a radioactive concentrate.&nbsp;&nbsp; The same goes for any fresh produce or&nbsp; dairy. If a cow ate contaminated grass,&nbsp;&nbsp; that milk is a poison cocktail. In the early&nbsp; weeks, if it grew outdoors, it is dead to you.&nbsp;&nbsp; There is a smell in the basement that&nbsp; is more dangerous than the radiation.&nbsp;&nbsp; It is the smell of human waste.&nbsp; Without functioning sewage systems,&nbsp;&nbsp; your toilet is now a biological hazard. You&nbsp; cannot just flush it and hope for the best.&nbsp;&nbsp; On day nine, sanitation becomes a life or death&nbsp; community priority. If you do not manage your&nbsp;&nbsp; waste, you will not die of radiation sickness. You&nbsp; will die of chalera or dysentery in a dark corner&nbsp;&nbsp; of your own home. This is where the carne nuclear&nbsp; war survival skills protocols become your bible.&nbsp;&nbsp; You need a system that doesn't involve your living&nbsp; space. If you have a yard, you need a covered pit&nbsp;&nbsp; latrine. It has to be as far from your shelter and&nbsp; your water source as practical. You dig it deep&nbsp;&nbsp; and you keep it covered to prevent flies from&nbsp; turning your waste into a neighborhood plague.&nbsp;&nbsp; If you are stuck inside, you use the two&nbsp; bucket system, one for liquids, one for solids.&nbsp;&nbsp; You use cat litter, sawdust, or even&nbsp; shredded newspapers to manage the moisture.&nbsp;&nbsp; You use lime or ash from a fireplace to treat the&nbsp; waste. It is disgusting. It is grueling. and it&nbsp;&nbsp; is absolutely mandatory for survival. Ventilation&nbsp; is the most overlooked requirement in a shelter.&nbsp;&nbsp; You are worried about the air coming in, but&nbsp; you should be worried about the air staying in.&nbsp;&nbsp; Without proper air flow, carbon dioxide levels&nbsp; rise, making you sluggish and making poor&nbsp;&nbsp; decisions. You need an improvised carne pump or&nbsp; at least a staggered vent system that lets air&nbsp;&nbsp; circulate without giving fallout a direct path to&nbsp; your lungs. Every breath you take in that basement&nbsp;&nbsp; is a calculation. You are balancing the risk of&nbsp; radiation against the certainty of suffocation.&nbsp;&nbsp; It is a grim math, but it is yours to solve.&nbsp; You might think this is overkill. You might&nbsp;&nbsp; think the National Guard or FEMA will roll in&nbsp; by day nine with chemical toilets and MREs.&nbsp;&nbsp; That is the common objection to doomsday&nbsp; prepping. But think about the scale.&nbsp;&nbsp; In a nuclear escalation, there is no outside&nbsp; help coming. The National Guard units in your&nbsp;&nbsp; town are made of people whose own homes were hit.&nbsp; Their families are in basement just like yours.&nbsp;&nbsp; The supply chains for fuel, food, and medicine&nbsp; are not just broken. They are vaporized.&nbsp;&nbsp; No one is coming to empty your bucket. You&nbsp; are the government now. Act accordingly.&nbsp;&nbsp; Day nine is when the psychological wall hits. The&nbsp; novelty of survival has worn off. The adventure&nbsp;&nbsp; is gone. Now it is just the cold reality of a&nbsp; world that is broken. You start to hear things.&nbsp;&nbsp; Maybe it is the wind. Or maybe it is a&nbsp; neighbor trying to get into your garage.&nbsp;&nbsp; Your nerves are frayed like an old&nbsp; rope. You have to maintain discipline.&nbsp;&nbsp; If you stop the sanitation SOP, if you&nbsp; start eating the tier three food too early,&nbsp;&nbsp; or if you leave the shelter because you just need&nbsp; some air, you are inviting death into your circle.&nbsp;&nbsp; On day nine, you might hear a knock. Not a loud&nbsp; one. A weak, desperate tapping on the basement&nbsp;&nbsp; window. It is the guy from three houses down. He&nbsp; did not prepare. He has two kids and no water.&nbsp;&nbsp; He is begging. This is the hardest part of the&nbsp; curriculum. If you open that door, you are not&nbsp;&nbsp; just sharing your water. You are letting in the&nbsp; fallout he is covered in. You are compromising the&nbsp;&nbsp; seal. You are choosing between your child's life&nbsp; and his. Guilt is a weight you will carry forever.&nbsp;&nbsp; But fear will keep you alive. You have to&nbsp; watch your family for the latent period.&nbsp;&nbsp; Many people who receive a lethal dose of&nbsp; radiation feel better after the first few days.&nbsp;&nbsp; It is a cruel trick of biology. By day nine, if&nbsp; anyone starts showing signs of recurring nausea,&nbsp;&nbsp; hair loss, or small purple bruises under the&nbsp; skin, you are looking at systemic failure.&nbsp;&nbsp; There is no hospital to go to. All you can&nbsp; do is keep them hydrated and comfortable.&nbsp;&nbsp; This is why you stay in the shelter.&nbsp; You are not just hiding from the rays.&nbsp;&nbsp; You are hiding from the heartbreak of seeing the&nbsp; fallout work. In the silence, you clean your gear.&nbsp;&nbsp; Your knife, your flashlights, your containers.&nbsp; Maintenance is a form of meditation.&nbsp;&nbsp; It keeps your hands busy and your mind sharp. If&nbsp; you let your tools rust, you are telling yourself&nbsp;&nbsp; that the future does not matter. But it does. You&nbsp; are cleaning that 10-in blade because on day 15,&nbsp;&nbsp; you are going to have to leave this basement.&nbsp; You are going to have to scout. And the world&nbsp;&nbsp; you step into will not be the one you left.&nbsp; It will be a scavenged, desperate landscape.&nbsp;&nbsp; You start calculating the calories again. You are&nbsp; at 1,200 a day for yourself, 1,500 for the kids.&nbsp;&nbsp; You are losing weight, but you're not starving&nbsp; yet. The rice is the backbone of your tier 2 plan.&nbsp;&nbsp; You have to figure out a way to soften it without&nbsp; using too much of your precious water. Maybe&nbsp;&nbsp; you soak it for 12 hours. Maybe you have a small&nbsp; butane stove, but you only use it for 3 minutes at&nbsp;&nbsp; a time to minimize the oxygen burn. Every meal is&nbsp; a tactical operation. Every calorie is a victory.&nbsp;&nbsp; The hardest thing to get used to is the silence.&nbsp; No humming from the refrigerator, no distant sound&nbsp;&nbsp; of the interstate, just the sound of your own&nbsp; heartbeat and the ragged breathing of your family.&nbsp;&nbsp; You realize how much of your life was built on&nbsp; the noise of the grid. Now that the grid is gone,&nbsp;&nbsp; you are left with the raw components of existence.&nbsp; Day nine is the day you stop being a consumer&nbsp;&nbsp; and start being a survivor. You are learning to&nbsp; live in the gaps. You are becoming something the&nbsp;&nbsp; old world wouldn't recognize. When the&nbsp; grid goes dark, the cloud goes with it.&nbsp;&nbsp; Your digital manuals, your bookmarked videos,&nbsp; and your saved maps will be gone in an instant.&nbsp;&nbsp; You need a command center that works offline,&nbsp; built into the hardware of your survival strategy.&nbsp;&nbsp; I built the protocol survival app to be that&nbsp; system. It allows you to secure your inventory,&nbsp;&nbsp; track your supplies, and access your free training&nbsp; modules even when there is no signal. Do not wait&nbsp;&nbsp; for the towers to fall. Secure your offline&nbsp; backup now while you still have a connection.&nbsp;&nbsp; protocols survival.com. Day 15. You have survived&nbsp; the most dangerous 2 weeks of the nuclear age.&nbsp;&nbsp; The iodine 131 is mostly gone, decayed&nbsp; into that stable xenon we talked about. The&nbsp;&nbsp; immediate gamma threat from the ground has dropped&nbsp; significantly, not because the isotopes are gone,&nbsp;&nbsp; but because they have settled and decayed.&nbsp; It is time to see what is left of your town.&nbsp;&nbsp; You put on your thickest clothes, your gloves,&nbsp; and your mask. You are not going for a stroll. You&nbsp;&nbsp; are going on a scouting mission. The goal, tier&nbsp; three food and a better sense of the perimeter.&nbsp;&nbsp; Walking out your front door is&nbsp; like stepping onto another planet.&nbsp;&nbsp; The neighborhood is a monochrome graveyard. The&nbsp; trees are gray, covered in a fine layer of dust.&nbsp;&nbsp; Your neighbor's car is still in the&nbsp; driveway, its tires melted or blown out.&nbsp;&nbsp; The silence is even louder&nbsp; here. You keep your head down.&nbsp;&nbsp; You are looking for hot spots, areas where&nbsp; the wind has piled up the fallout into drifts.&nbsp;&nbsp; You avoid the low ground where the rain might have&nbsp; concentrated the cesium. You move like a ghost.&nbsp;&nbsp; Your target is a local warehouse or a&nbsp; distribution center on the edge of town.&nbsp;&nbsp; You avoid the small convenience stores. They&nbsp; were looted or burned in the first 48 hours.&nbsp;&nbsp; You want the big industrial spaces.&nbsp; These are the locations of tier 3 food,&nbsp;&nbsp; sealed commercial inventories. You are looking&nbsp; for pallets of canned goods, bulk grains,&nbsp;&nbsp; and medical supplies that were protected&nbsp; by thick concrete walls and steel roofing.&nbsp;&nbsp; This is the fuel you need to get through&nbsp; day 30 and beyond. This is the mission.&nbsp;&nbsp; As you move, you are assessing the threats.&nbsp; It isn't just the radiation anymore.&nbsp;&nbsp; It is the other people who emerged. You see a&nbsp; group of three men near the old hardware store.&nbsp;&nbsp; They aren't looking for food.&nbsp; They are looking for power.&nbsp;&nbsp; You stay in the shadows. This is&nbsp; where your tactical training kicks in.&nbsp;&nbsp; You are not looking for a fight. A single scratch&nbsp; in this environment can lead to a fatal infection.&nbsp;&nbsp; You are a gatherer, not a warrior, but you carry&nbsp; your sidearm with a new kind of familiarity.&nbsp;&nbsp; The rule of law has been replaced by the rule&nbsp; of the prepared. You run into another survivor&nbsp;&nbsp; near the pharmacy. He looks like a skeleton. He is&nbsp; coughing a deep wet sound that tells you his lungs&nbsp;&nbsp; are full of fallout. He asks you for help. This&nbsp; is the test of your resolve. You have a choice.&nbsp;&nbsp; Help a dying man and risk your own health or keep&nbsp; moving. You remember your family in the basement.&nbsp;&nbsp; You remember the child with the cracked lips.&nbsp; You realize that you cannot save everyone.&nbsp;&nbsp; You can barely save yourself. You nod once and&nbsp; move on. The world has become a zero sum game.&nbsp;&nbsp; You reach the warehouse. The doors&nbsp; are heavy and the power is dead.&nbsp;&nbsp; You have to use a pry bar to get in. Inside, the&nbsp; air is cool and smells of cardboard and dust.&nbsp;&nbsp; It is a cathedral of supplies. This is the&nbsp; difference between surviving and thriving.&nbsp;&nbsp; You find a pallet of bottled water that hasn't&nbsp; been touched. You find cases of canned tuna.&nbsp;&nbsp; You feel a surge of hope, but you keep&nbsp; it in check. You can't carry a pallet.&nbsp;&nbsp; You have to be selective. You fill your pack&nbsp; with high protein, high calorie density items.&nbsp;&nbsp; The walk back is harder. Your pack is&nbsp; heavy and your legs feel like lead.&nbsp;&nbsp; You are constantly checking your back. You realize&nbsp; that your town has become a series of territories.&nbsp;&nbsp; Every street corner is a potential ambush. You&nbsp; take a back alley route through the skeletal&nbsp;&nbsp; remains of a park. You see the playground&nbsp; equipment rusted and covered in gray ash. It&nbsp;&nbsp; looks like a relic from a lost civilization. You&nbsp; realize that your kids will never play here again.&nbsp;&nbsp; The world didn't just break. It was replaced. When&nbsp; you get back to your shelter, the work isn't done.&nbsp;&nbsp; You cannot just walk in. You have a strict&nbsp; decontamination protocol. You strip off your&nbsp;&nbsp; outer layers in the garage. You wipe yourself down&nbsp; with a damp cloth, careful not to spread the dust.&nbsp;&nbsp; You dispose of the cloth in a sealed bag. Only&nbsp; then do you enter the basement. Your wife looks&nbsp;&nbsp; at you with wide eyes. You drop the bag of food&nbsp; on the table. It is the first real win in 2 weeks.&nbsp;&nbsp; But the price of that win was the realization&nbsp; of how dangerous the outside world has become.&nbsp;&nbsp; You spend the evening looking at your maps.&nbsp; You have to plan your next moves around the&nbsp;&nbsp; cesium 137. You need to find a way to&nbsp; get more water that isn't contaminated.&nbsp;&nbsp; You start thinking about rain catchment systems&nbsp; with sand and charcoal filters. You are no longer&nbsp;&nbsp; just reacting to the blast. You are building a new&nbsp; life in the ruins. You are thinking about months,&nbsp;&nbsp; not days. You are thinking about how to keep your&nbsp; family sane when the world outside is a graveyard.&nbsp;&nbsp; You are the architect of their future. By&nbsp; day 30, the realization fully sinks in.&nbsp;&nbsp; The grid is not coming back. You see a plane&nbsp; in the distance high up, but it doesn't land.&nbsp;&nbsp; It is probably a reconnaissance flight from some&nbsp; part of the country that wasn't hit as hard.&nbsp;&nbsp; But they aren't dropping supplies. They&nbsp; are just watching. You are on your own.&nbsp;&nbsp; The midsize town you lived in&nbsp; is now a survival laboratory.&nbsp;&nbsp; You have passed the first month, but the challenge&nbsp; is changing. You are moving into the long hall.&nbsp;&nbsp; This is where the true character of a survivor&nbsp; is forged. Welcome to day 31. You have outlived&nbsp;&nbsp; 80% of your neighbors. The ones who are left&nbsp; are either like you prepared and disciplined&nbsp;&nbsp; or they are the predators who survived by taking&nbsp; from others. The social collapse is complete.&nbsp;&nbsp; There are no more nice people. There are only&nbsp; those who have something and those who want it.&nbsp;&nbsp; Your world has shrunk to the size of your&nbsp; house and the two blocks surrounding it.&nbsp;&nbsp; This is the long hall where the real battle&nbsp; for survival shifts from physics to psychology. The rules of society have evaporated. In the old&nbsp; world, if you are hungry, you went to the store.&nbsp;&nbsp; In this world, if you are hungry, you look for&nbsp; a weakness. You see it in the way people move.&nbsp;&nbsp; Quick, nervous, always looking over their&nbsp; shoulders. You have to establish a perimeter.&nbsp;&nbsp; You and the two families you trust&nbsp; have formed a small security detail.&nbsp;&nbsp; You watch each other's backs while someone&nbsp; scavengers or works the filters. Trust is the&nbsp;&nbsp; most valuable currency you have left, and it is in&nbsp; very short supply. Money is paper. Gold is heavy.&nbsp;&nbsp; On day 40, you realize that the real B items&nbsp; are salt, antibiotics, and clean water.&nbsp;&nbsp; You trade a spare flashlight for a bottle of a&nbsp; moxicylin. It is a high price, but your daughter&nbsp;&nbsp; has a fever and a cut that won't heal. You are&nbsp; making deals in the shadows of burnedout houses.&nbsp;&nbsp; You realize that the economy is just a way to&nbsp; quantify desperation. Every trade is a risk.&nbsp;&nbsp; You never show your full hand. You never let them&nbsp; know how much you actually have back at the house.&nbsp;&nbsp; Even with your tier three scavenging, the food is&nbsp; running low. The starvation is not a sudden thing.&nbsp;&nbsp; It is a slow grinding ache in your&nbsp; stomach. Your muscles start to waste away.&nbsp;&nbsp; You become irritable. Your judgment clouded by&nbsp; the lack of nutrients. You have to be disciplined.&nbsp;&nbsp; You weigh every portion. You eat the&nbsp; things you hate because they have calories.&nbsp;&nbsp; You realize that a human body can go a long time&nbsp; without food, but the mind breaks much faster.&nbsp;&nbsp; You have to keep the morale up,&nbsp; even when the bowl is half empty.&nbsp;&nbsp; As the days turn into months,&nbsp; the weather becomes a new enemy.&nbsp;&nbsp; Without the urban heat island effect and&nbsp; the heating systems of a modern city,&nbsp;&nbsp; the cold is brutal. You are huddled around a small&nbsp; wood stove you improvised from a 55gall drum.&nbsp;&nbsp; You are burning the furniture to stay warm. You&nbsp; realize that survival is a series of tradeoffs.&nbsp;&nbsp; You burn the dining table to keep the kids&nbsp; from freezing, but that means you are losing&nbsp;&nbsp; a piece of your former life. The house is&nbsp; becoming a shell just like the world outside.&nbsp;&nbsp; There are no dentists. There are no&nbsp; doctors. A simple tooth infection can become&nbsp;&nbsp; a death sentence. You spend your evenings&nbsp; reading the medical manuals you scavenged,&nbsp;&nbsp; learning how to stitch wounds and treat&nbsp; infections with the meager supplies you have.&nbsp;&nbsp; You realize how much you took for granted. The&nbsp; simple ability to get a shot of lidocaine is a&nbsp;&nbsp; fantasy. Now you are practicing 19th century&nbsp; medicine with a 21st century knowledge base.&nbsp;&nbsp; And the gap between the two is where the fear&nbsp; lives. You pray no one gets seriously ill.&nbsp;&nbsp; You walk past the house of the neighbor&nbsp; who begged for water on day nine.&nbsp;&nbsp; The windows are broken and the door is&nbsp; hanging off its hinges. They didn't make it.&nbsp;&nbsp; You feel a pang of guilt, but it is quickly&nbsp; replaced by a cold sense of validation.&nbsp;&nbsp; If you had helped them, you&nbsp; might be in that house with them.&nbsp;&nbsp; Survival is not about being a good&nbsp; person. It is about being a living person.&nbsp;&nbsp; You have to harden your heart to the&nbsp; suffering of those who didn't listen.&nbsp;&nbsp; It is the only way to keep your own family&nbsp; safe. By day 90, you have a routine.&nbsp;&nbsp; You wake up, check the perimeter, check the&nbsp; water filters, and plan the day's forage.&nbsp;&nbsp; You don't think about the old world much anymore.&nbsp; It feels like a movie you saw a long time ago.&nbsp;&nbsp; Your kids don't ask about the internet or the&nbsp; TV. They ask if the traps caught anything.&nbsp;&nbsp; They have become scavengers too. You see the&nbsp; hardness in their eyes and it breaks your heart.&nbsp;&nbsp; But you also know that hardness is what&nbsp; will keep them alive in this new world.&nbsp;&nbsp; They are the first generation of the&nbsp; ruins. You hear a rumor from a traveler,&nbsp;&nbsp; a guy passing through who traded some news for&nbsp; a meal. He says there are organized communities&nbsp;&nbsp; three counties over. They have a working&nbsp; well and a garden. They are building a wall.&nbsp;&nbsp; It sounds like a dream, but you have to decide.&nbsp; Do you stay here in the safety of your cellar,&nbsp;&nbsp; or do you risk the open road for&nbsp; the chance of something better?&nbsp;&nbsp; This is the ultimate survival dilemma. Staying&nbsp; is certain decay. Leaving is uncertain danger.&nbsp;&nbsp; You look at your map and your dwindling&nbsp; supplies. The decision has to be made soon.&nbsp;&nbsp; As you sit in the quiet of day 100, you realize&nbsp; you have changed. You are not the person who&nbsp;&nbsp; panicked in the grocery store traffic.&nbsp; You are leaner, tougher, and more aware.&nbsp;&nbsp; You have learned that human beings are incredibly&nbsp; resilient, but only if they have a plan. You have&nbsp;&nbsp; turned a nightmare into a manageable reality.&nbsp; You are still here. Your family is still here.&nbsp;&nbsp; You have defied the odds of the nuclear age. You&nbsp; are the proof that preparation is not paranoia.&nbsp;&nbsp; It is the foundation of the future. We spend&nbsp; our lives worrying about the wrong things.&nbsp;&nbsp; We worry about the stock market, the Wi-Fi speed,&nbsp; and the opinions of people we don't even like.&nbsp;&nbsp; But when the sky turns blue and the&nbsp; grid goes down, all of that evaporates.&nbsp;&nbsp; You were left with the only things that ever&nbsp; truly mattered. The health of your family and the&nbsp;&nbsp; knowledge in your head. The grid isn't what keeps&nbsp; the lights on. It is what keeps the monsters out.&nbsp;&nbsp; And once the lights are gone, you find out very&nbsp; quickly which one you are. Are you the victim&nbsp;&nbsp; or the protector? Day nine was the milestone of&nbsp; the isotope, but every day after is a milestone of&nbsp;&nbsp; your will. Do not wait for the flash to decide who&nbsp; you are going to be. Start the training now. Get&nbsp;&nbsp; the systems in place. Secure your family's future&nbsp; before the world decides to take it from you.&nbsp;&nbsp; Go to protocols survival.com. Get the app,&nbsp; take the course, and build your command center.&nbsp;&nbsp; Because when the silence comes, the&nbsp; only thing you will have to rely on&nbsp;&nbsp; is the preparation you did today. The&nbsp; clock is ticking. Stay alert. Stay safe.

  Top Comments:
  1. @JeffCooper-bb5rs [9 likes]: Seriously... Do you really think that you're going to find a massive warehouse full of canned food that nobody else knew about? And you're going to be the first person to find it?

REALLY???

I hope this isn't your plan....
  2. @Simple_But_Expensive [1 likes]: Studied nuclear effects in the Navy.  Primary, secondary, and tertiary blast effects, thermal, neutron, and gamma wavefronts, alpha and beta particles, decay rates and secondary decay products.  This guy was dead so many ways it isn’t funny.
  3. @phonyalias7574 [1 likes]: Maybe something to consider for a couple videos.  First is strategy of isolation vs community.  Different catastrophies, at different stages would want to prioritize either.  The other would be where and when you flee.  Such as when you drive out of town, but where do you go?  In the collapse that would follow a nuclear war there's likely pockets of destruction everywhere, but still places that would make sense to flee to.  Climate, access to water (fresh or salt), possibility of growing any crops, natural disasters, reliability of fuel and transit routes, and so on.  Could make an interesting topic to cover.
  4. @CheeseTriangles [1 likes]: blowout soon fellow stalker
  5. @questionablebackyardmeows: If the warehouse thing did happen - it would actually be better to move in there, especially if you could rig getting power to the doors. With the reduction in radiation, it would be safer and have more space than the basement and be far better a place to make into your base than a home
  6. @Aranimda: What is with the order you post these nuclear day ... videos in? It's all over the place. Plz make a playlist with the correct order of them.
  7. @DocpickaloTodd: Why no mention of potassium iodide ?
  8. @discdoggie: Ugh.  This channel’s videos have become fantasy wannabe strongman hero porn, lol.

You can relay important info without making every woman (“wide-eyed wives”) helpless dependents.   

I bet all the dudes driving trucks in my neigjborhood watches these, praying for the day their wife and family will finally respect them because they tell ill and wounded neighbors to screw off while they find a warehouse with canned tuna and penicillin.  🙄
  9. @lousstudio2911: Watching these like I have a chance of surviving 😂 My destroyed right leg and limp would be the end of me
  10. @daniellegler4011: This n!gga is literally retareded
  11. @daniellegler4011: Ever house has a 40-80 gallon purified water tank. It's called a water heater. You're stupid and bad at your job. You're welcome.
  12. @erwin643: "Carrying a load of guilt"? Not me.

Stupida$$ and his two kids who never prepped for anything can kiss my a$$.
  13. @comfortouch: If you loot a Costco, and you walk out of there with just a backpack, without a flatbed cart stacked 3ft high, then maybe your DNA Should be removed from the gene pool. #DarwinAward
  14. @gzuzsavz: Good installment, thanks. Fabulous verbiage & storytelling goals and I dig the quirky ai graphics 
at times, aha. info is very well presented. the folks with a basement have a leg up on me, 
but i am in a rural area, which i prefer. 
though..a trailer court with about 18 other houses and most of them retirees and a couple of bachelors..
idk how much for supplies/stocks folks have? I bet generally less than my 30 days worth. and so..as i've 
no basement to barricade/hide in..how long before folks start pounding on my door, asking if i can spare anything? i give it 4 days, tops. then what? and fallout..yikes. 30mi north of a fair size city..it it is hit, the prevailing winds will do their worst to us. my elderly/barely mobile mum & i will be on 
God's good humor, straight away. ..perhaps it'll be an airburst..and/or a different wind direction? 
some folks will be bless and/or lucky..many, many..will not. Quite the subject. I've long thjought we 
need a new version of the excellent movie, The Day After, set in the modern era..40+ years ago, 
things were vastly different, of course.

- I Found the Most Broken Ship Build in Windrose!: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome. I just finished my frig and now I'm out there onehitting enemy ships. And during boarding, my crew are absolute demons, especially when you have to kill 20 enemies. That's quite important. In today's video, we're going to talk about the best ship loadouts because there are multiple. And which brick and frig you should be building and why it's definitely not the Blackbeard variet. And you made a mistake. By the way, looking at these three beauties, I can't wait for the next region and an even bigger ship. First, the basics for the new people. Where do we get new cannons, a new hull, tactics, that kind of stuff? The smugglers of Port Royale provisioner does sell you the three different hulls and also five different tactic books. Then to the right of him, we got the provisioner from the Rogue Buccaneers. And they do sell you the 12, 24, and also 36 pounders. The first catch you're getting is going to wield the 12 pounders. You could upgrade it to the Blackbeard's catch to put on the 24 pounders, but that will reduce your HP from 50,000 to 35,000. I absolutely can't recommend that because often you're punching upwards being level three upgraded or level two and you have to fight five, six, seven, eight ships already. On top, repair kits are based on the HP of your ship. Restore 30% ship health over 10 seconds. Well, if your ship does have less health, that's less restored per second, making you more vulnerable in these 1v5 ship battles. We can now choose between three different cannons. And that goes from 12 pounders all the way to 36 pounders. It's always the tempered, perfectly ordered, and devastating, the same as 24 and 36. The devastating says, "Hitting a target with more than 50% of a volley applies ragged effect for 25 seconds. All damage dealt to the affected target is increased by 10% stacks up to three times. This base effect is already very good. If you now go to your ship's workshop and ascend said gun, you're going to get reload speed increased by 15%. Insanity. By the way, if you're struggling on the Tumbaga ingots, I have 32 already. I found the most in the foothills region, which would be the level 6 to 10 area. Here you're going to look for locations that say ruins. Ruins. Ancient fire sanctuary. Also a ruin giving you a lot of Tbaga ingots. The perfectly ordered 12pounder says after reloading, hitting an enemy within 4 seconds increase reloading speed by 30% for 22 seconds. Quite nice. That's twice the reload speed that you get compared to the ascended 24 pounders. And if you then ascend the 12pounder, you get aiming speed increased by 30%. What the hell? That's completely useless. It It's not just bad, it's just completely useless. They might as well remove this from the game. Our third option would be the tempered cannon. After reloading, waiting 6 seconds before firing increases the next volley's damage by 40%. My problem I have with this one is that you're going to reload, that's 12 seconds, and then you have to wait another 6 seconds, 18 in total, to get 40% more damage. where after reloading I could instantly spam the shoot button with the devastating for example to shoot and then after 12 seconds I could shoot again but it actually wouldn't be 12 seconds because I have faster reload speed due to ascending the gun. So in total I would just get more shots out in a respective amount of time that might not deal the 40% bonus damage. That being said if we now ascend the tempered we're going to get 20% bonus damage against weak spots. And by the way, weak spots on ships is when you're shooting them in the booty hole because that is always critical strike. So if you're hitting there, you would technically deal more damage. And also then if you're waiting, you would deal more more damage, which could help with one-shotting opponents. I mean, before you approach the enemy, you pretty much shoot your first volley, reload, wait, and then do a massive amount of more damage. However, if we're looking at the devastating 12pounder and ascended with a better reload speed, it just has the best reload speed, apart from if you then actually hit with a perfectly ordered, but also after the first shot with the devastating, I already have 10% more damage. That's half the damage from the tempered pounders, right? If I then hit another time, I have 20% more damage everywhere on the ship, not only on the weak spot. So, I'm on par with the damage of the 12 pounders with actual better reload. Right now, I just don't see a reason why you would not be playing the devastating 12pounders. They're just the chosen ones. And this gets even more important as we're upgrading to a frig because the frig goes from a main battery only to main and second battery. So, I'm going to shoot for example then with my 24 pounders in devastating to apply the effect. And my second 12 level pounders are bonus going to pound on top of that instantly having more more damage. Right. Okay, if the enemy is taking more damage, he's taking just more more damage. Good. With cannons out of the way, what about your hull now? And there's one clear winner, and it's unarguable. We got the iron resolve hull. As ship health drops, damage resistance increases, reaching up to 25% at 30% ship health. I personally do not ever want to be this low on my ship because I'm going to be panicking, heavy breathing already. The ascension of this one is interesting though because it says that your rear pair kit effectiveness is increased by 30%. Then we get the Stanfast Hull Racing. Grants five stacks of stunfast effect over time. Taking damage consumes one stack and reduces incoming damage by 25 for 3 seconds. I do believe that's better than the iron resolve because it instantly grips, right? I just have instantly damage reduction whereas the iron resolve only really shines as you drop and drop and drop more in HP. The Stanfest just applies, but it's kind of bad because it stacks. If you then ascend it, you get three more stacks. Okay, fine. However, we get the kill hold bracing. Taking damage no longer affects the duration of repair kits. Your repair kit say restores 30% of ship health or 60% of ship health over 10 seconds, and taking damage reduces the remaining effect duration. Now, if you're in a combat, especially against multiple ships, you're going to use your repair tool and then pretty much instantly get hit or two seconds later and then get hit again. So, reducing that duration is terrible. You want to have it as long up as possible. And that's simply where the keyhold hull bracing is insane, especially because it also increases the repair kit effect duration. So instead of just 10 seconds, it's 30% more, allowing you to stay alive even longer in a combat against as many ships as you wish to. The Stanfast and the Iron Resolve can simply not compete with the kill hold. Go for that one. And this gets emphasized even more with the naval tactics. We get five different ones. Silence the gun says, "If I hit an enemy 30 seconds long, they have reduced reload and damage." That's pretty good to be honest. You just have to hit each enemy ship once and you'll be the fastest reloading and most damaging ship on the battlefield. With ship shape, while out of combat, you would repair. That one doesn't really make much sense to me because for that you have the repair kits themselves. And well, we have combat repair kits also more than we could ever want. So, we don't struggle with those repairs in or out of combat. Then there's stretch the supplies repair kits duration increased by 30% and Grock by 200 which will allow you to reload even faster and do more damage because that's what Grock pretty much does. Uh-huh. With no quarter, destroying an enemy ship within 50 m restores 30% health over 10 seconds. Not bad. But again, with repair kits and kill hold already, we can kind of stay nicely up. So, we don't actually require no quarter. And then there's ambush. If you neither deal nor take damage for two minutes, the next volley deals 130% increased damage. If you pair that one together with the I just recently reload tempered cannons. You could do a massive damaging hit. The issue is though, if you're approaching enemy ships and you get shot while you're approaching before you can shoot yourself, ambush is gone. You won't get a single bonus of this in the whole combat, which then again makes it kind of terrible. I did used to play silence the guns most of the time and it was super fun. Honestly, up to the frig, I really enjoyed it. But I got to say, I swapped over to stretch the supply because repair kits are 30% increased again, which is the 30 and 30% increased with a kill hold, making them run forever and you absolutely ultra tanky. Plus, your Grock just lasting longer allows you to go over the waters and battle more things in one run. And if your repair kits are now running for 16 seconds on a ship like the Brethren Brick with 90,000 HP or the Brethren Frigot with 200,000 HP, yeah, you're going to heal forever. Even if you're facing four, five ships at the same time, just heal up and no one can break that healing, which is the most important part, right? Your killer prevents that, you're a monster. Before we now go to what break to choose, the last thing you put on your ship is the boarding party gear, and there's no blue one or even a purple one. It it simply doesn't exist. The most important part with the boarding party gear is upgrade that The higher the level on your boarding party gear, the stronger your troopers are going to be. As a heads up, I used to use a level six boarding party gear to board level 10 ships and that worked very nice. But then I had to board a level 12 ship and there were 20 opponents. Yeah, it was a frig. It was huge. I needed to upgrade. So at that point, you want to board a level 12 ship, have a level 12 party gear. You want to board a level 15 ship, have a level 15 boarding party gear. It's that simple. Get that one up. It's even more important than your cannons to be honest because if you're then boarding for the double rewards, that's why we're boarding. It needs to be there. It needs to be good. Fantastic. We have arrived. Which type of brick did I build? Which type of frig would I recommend for you to build? The big difference between the normal brick, the brethren brick, and the Blackbeards is that Blackbeards can always have bigger cannons. And it is also the fastest with the least cargo size, though. Now, cargo size should technically never be a problem because you can really make sure that your flagship is not loaded up with a lot of because you consistently go for selling. However, at some point you will just get lazy and really stack up your ship like crazy as you can see here. So, I do value cargo space a lot. Also, consider that the Blackbeard's brick has less HP than the other two and that by a margin. The brethren has 90,000 hit points while the Blackbeard's brick only has 50,000. And the knot difference is like two knots faster, two knots slower, four knots faster in total. It's not that much. For bricks, I would personally go for the brethren run. Simply for those 90,000 hit points together with a killhole bracing and your naval tactic stretch the supplies, you're just not going to struggle on any mission. It's going to say rescue Jack Arno. Suddenly you have to beat three to four ships, destroy some raiders, three to four ships. Again, you just want to have the HP. You don't want to get blasted into smitherreens. Now, for the frig, you would say pony brethren frig, right? 200,000 HP. And you're not wrong. However, I feel the need to mention something. Yes, the Blackbeard's frig can have the 36 pounders and they deal the most damage. So, if you really want to go out there and destroy things, if you want to be agile and dip in, bop bop, shoot, dip out again, repair, dip in, dip out, the Blackbeards is definitely the chosen one here. The breath and frig does have a ginormous cargo hold that I have full at any given time. And it has 24 + 12 pounders, so that's nice. And those 200,000 HP are obviously super juicy getting repaired. However, the brethren Brig does steer like a fridge. Yes. Yes, a fridge. It's lying in the water. Turning is very slow. Acceleration is very slow. I don't personally see that as a problem. Yes, my enemies might be faster rotating around me, but I got so many cannons on every side. I'll just shoot left. I shoot right. I shoot front. I don't care if they're turning faster than me. I'll still demolish them while they can't destroy me. If that maneuverability though makes you feel sluggish, because it it will, right? It will. You should definitely go for the Blackbeards because it's going to make you feel more like, you know, an actual battle cruiser going around really quick and fast, but you might actually die because enemy ships at that point at level 15 do quite some damage. You are going to do most damage to those, especially if you then apply that rake effect with the devastating cannons. It's a personal choice for you to make. Do you want to be that slow, cumbersome dude just destroying everything, or do you want to be fast flitting around? No matter which frigate you choose, you have a main and a secondary battery. So, what are we going to combine? You definitely want to have the 12, 24, or 36 pounders, one of the three be devastating because you want to stack up that effect with the nice reload speed you're having to just have the enemy take more damage. Now, the thing is that I don't think you want to play the tempered anymore because we have a ship with two batteries and you're just going to spam away like crazy. You're not going to wait, right? That that's the whole thing. You have two batteries. Now, if you're waiting bonus 6 seconds to get that 40% bonus damage, you're going to wait with both batteries. So, you're going to have even less damage per second, even with that 40% bonus and the 20% bonus. I'm sorry. So, devastating as one. Yes. And you could add the perfectly ordered, which says still after reloading that you have that bonus reload speed for 22 seconds. And that's that's nifty. That's just going to have you shoot more. However, you could go for too devastating because then you're just going to apply the rake effect even quicker. Your 24 pounder applies the rake effect and then your lower or higher pounder also applies the rake effect, making it so that instantly the ship takes the maximum damage and you always have that 15% increased reload speed. I mean, just devastate away, I guess. This finally brings us to boarding. What weapon do I recommend there? And should you be using guns? As you can see in the game play, I am swinging a hellbard. And the reason for that is pretty simple. It sweeps, right? Sweeping motions. I can hit three, four, five sailors at the same time. The same goes for two-handed swords. Same sweeping motion. It is a bit less of a sweep. And if I go for the heavy attack, it's going to be that poke. However, that poke is nice to poke through your own sailors. While the Hellbart has the problem that sometimes the tracking is a bit odd with the overheads heavy attack swing and you might actually do miss an enemy. So, you're going to mostly light attack spam. Those two are definitely things I always have with me with boarding. While the one-handed weapons just do not have the sweeps required to hit everyone and to hit through your own sailors and the railings and that kind of stuff. What about guns, though? I've been experimenting with a pistol, especially when you're then on the railing and you're shooting over it and just hitting one sailor. Bob bob, shoot him in the face, get a bit damage and have him like already dropped to half HP. I guess what would be better is just taking a blunder buff with you. A blender bus is a shotgun and you can partially shoot right into the stairs right when they're trying to scroll crawl out and then you just blast into them is beautiful. Especially if you're then swapping over to your actual weapon and you're swinging out your gun will get passively reloaded in your quick bar. If you then also take a talent like over penetration where you're actually shooting through enemies and that with a blunder bus, you can just shoot down these stairs and hit them all at the same time. That being said, the same is kind of accomplished with your Hellbart as we're just sweeping down those stairs or through the railing and hitting everyone as well. So, you could get the best of both worlds with a Hellbart and a blunderb just absolutely plowing through your enemies. What you 100% should not miss out while boarding is having proper food that grants you a lot of endurance and also vitality because if you run out of life, the boarding is over, right? You never really want to die on a ship. It's so annoying to get back with your other boats to then repeat the boarding. And don't forget to craft yourself the Grock for either increased damage or reload speed. I do personally enjoy reload speed more because increased damage nice and so on, but I'd rather fire more often, especially with those devastating cannons already having improved reload speed. And if you don't know how to use Grog, you got to pull it into the action bar of your ship, just like you have the repair kits. Boop. Then you can use Grog. It's 30 minutes, but we have a 200% increased duration. Yeah, Grocks are running for I can roam the seas for quite a while. Ladies and gentlemen, what are you using? Which ship did you build? And if you have more questions, I got you covered. Take care.

  Top Comments:
  1. @VocationalScienceofFreedom2 [1 likes]: A sailors beer is not a neutered AI ye landlubber!     Groggggg   not Grok
  2. @BlaqjaySama: Built the base frigate and loaded her with the 12 pound devastating cannons and 24 pound tempered cannons, keelhold bracing ascended and stretch the supply book which combined make repair kits last 60% longer and can’t be interrupted. This allows you to keep a constant health regen with regular repair kits and recover from big hits with combat kits when needed. The combat kits and regular kits have different cooldown timers so using both under the right timing will make you unsinkable. 

The cannon loadout order is key. Your frigate fires the secondary battery first and then the main battery (which also has more cannons) so you want to devastate with the first round, lowering their defenses by 30% and your second round being even bigger guns boosted with 40% damage can more often than not disable or sink a ship on your first pass. It’s insanely effective. 

If you ascend both sets of cannons your secondary set will fire first and load faster than your main battery so you’ll find that second cannon able to utilize that Tempered bonus more frequently than you think because you’re always having to reposition yourself to get an actual clean shot. It’s a naval battle, not an urban gunfight. Take your time, make your shots count and pray to Maggie May for glory in battle 😂
  3. @masterdoge: The ships are too slow and wind doesn't effect travel speed so I won't use brethren ships.
  4. @Olaf_ggz: fun guide but I use 36lbs canons and 1 shot lvl 15 ships. You can keep your little pewpews but i prefer to put a mf down. Also your hull choice is ass.
  5. @woogicreate8876: Cargo hold is really not a problem. When you go sailing your own inventory should be near empty so after your ship's cargo is full you can always move 20+ items to yourself. If both ship and your own inventory is full then just teleport back to your house/camp/base and unload into (my) endless wall of cargo bales where I have now thousands of items. Then jump back in the ship, teleport to anywhere close to where you want to continue and repeat. 16 cargo hold is a bit cramped, I do sometimes tend to throw wood over board but that's it. I sank once in my Blackbeard Brig. Because I sailed into another group of ships and didn't use any grog yet for longer repairs. In all other 100 encounters I wasted the ships. Not even talking about the lower level ships which are one shot 80% of the time when they're broadside to me. Note that the cannons have 2 extra stats which a lot of people seem to overlook ; range and accuracy. The A/B/C 'level'. It can matter for you. However I think range is less important since at long ranges it becomes pretty difficult land shots reliable. Rather be closer for a 90% hit chance than at max range for 50% chance or less. You want to constantly hit ships to keep the (de)buffs going.
  6. @Paktofonika1989: Do you have your pirates singing shanties? Its essential for winning the sea battles
  7. @MarketMakerMario: Got my frigate blackbeard and its insane how fast i blow up ships. I drop 2 to 3 at a time quickly.  Had 4 sets of 5 coming after and they are all coral reefs.
  8. @probablyfalcon: Highlights by TinaMind:
00:29 The Smugglers of Port Royale provisioner sells the three types of ship hulls and five tactic books, while the Rogue Buccaneers provisioner offers 12, 24, and 36-pounder cannons.
01:40 The 'Devastating' cannon variant is recommended for its ability to apply a damage-increasing effect and its synergy with upgraded reload speeds, making it ideal for both the Brig and the Frigate.
06:03 The 'Kill Hold' hull is superior to other options because it prevents damage from reducing the duration of repair kits and increases their effectiveness, significantly boosting survivability in combat.
09:34 Boarding party gear should be kept at a level consistent with the enemy ships you are boarding to ensure combat success and secure double rewards.
14:37 For boarding combat, use Halberds or two-handed swords for their sweeping area-of-effect attacks, and consider pairing them with a blunderbuss to damage multiple enemies climbing stairs.
  9. @luca-q5x2z: Your head look super aerodinamic
  10. @pawfullz: Honestly by the time the reload is done and I've repositioned for the next best shot tempered are ready to go
  11. @tommyarbour4627: I can still hit like 5 ennemy at the same time with a rapier, just need a little bit of combat and space awarness
  12. @Rouzuki: Blackbeard Frigate + ascended 36 and 24 Tempered cannons = who needs reload speed when they're gone in one volley?
  13. @SeikoInduction: I've been using the standfast hull, keeps my nice and tanky. It's instant like you said. Then shipshape to repair outside of battle for free. On a frigate I sink enemy ships way before they can really touch me so I'm tanky plus I have no repair expenses.
  14. @ro6742: So Bretheren Brig ,Devastating Cannons and Keel Hold bracing.
  15. @Kaizelot: One cool thing you didn't touched was fleet tactics, like me amd my friends do, one had the devastating cannons, and other the tempered, and other just rapid fire, so one was applying sthe weakness and increasing reload speed, and i was timing my reloads and aiming to the butt, to execute them, i was lvl 6 and my friends lvl7, and we wrere against 4 lvl 10 blackbeards ships, oh sweet sweet loot ❤
  16. @Gyledresch: Hull bracing take is way wrong. Why would you ever use the regular hull repairs in combat when every ship you kill gives you free combat repair kits?
  17. @philiphuffman2585: IT'S NOT A HELLBARD
  18. @nightdagger: I'd make an argument for the standard frigate over the variants to get the best of both worlds. You're neither super tanky and slow with a huge hold or super damaging and fast but fragile and small.
  19. @JasonBurnett42: You don't have to choose which grog...you can use all 3 simultaneously.
  20. @kedalin: Blackbeard with constant heals is fine, too.

- Ergonomics Expert Explains How to Sleep on a Plane | WSJ Pro Perfected: Kind: captions Language: en - [Narrator] Sleeping on a plane is hard, especially if you're in an economy seat. So we asked an expert for advice. - I'm an Occupational Therapist, Industrial Designer, and Certified Professional Ergonomist. With seated-sleep posture, not only do you fall into these awkward postures, but you're also compressing the vertebrae and your spine at the different levels. You have to plan ahead. - [Narrator] Here's what a professional ergonomist recommends for sleeping in an economy plane seat. First, you might consider using the tray table, but. - The position when using the tray table, if you're propping up on your forearms, that awkward positioning, the contact pressure against the tray table, all that's gonna irritate tissue and sleep just like it would during your waking hours. - [Narrator] Contact pressure happens when soft tissues are pressed against a hard surface for too long, slowing blood flow to your extremities, and often causing numbness or tingling. - With soft tissue compression, you can compromise circulation. You can impinge nerves, which can lead to numbness or tingling, which will often wake people up. - [Narrator] Then there's your posture. - [Carla] It's going to be difficult for you to maintain that posture very long because you will be experiencing excessive flexion at your hips and knees. Your spine will be rounded. You'll be putting pressure through your forearms. - [Narrator] The solve? - There are both inflatable and memory foam cushions available that start to at least address some of those risk factors, such as the contact pressure against the hard surface of the tray table by providing a soft surface for your body to rest. They can hold your arms and then it also cradles your head and neck and your face in a way that attempts to at least position your head and neck in some sort of a neutral posture. - [Narrator] But depending on your height, and how far back the person in front of you reclines, the tray table might not be your best option. - I think it's probably gonna serve you well just for sort of a short stretch for a nap. I don't think you'll be getting the highest quality of sleep in that position. - [Narrator] So what about leaning back in your seat? - If you have to sleep in an economy class seat in a seated position, you are up against some challenges. Ideal state, your body would would prefer to sleep in a fully-supported lying down position. Your body already has to endure weightbearing and force through your spine, your hips, your pelvis, your lower extremities. Whenever it's sleeping, ideally, it is great if you can steal a couple degrees of recline from your seatback just to put your body in a little bit more of a supported sleep position. - [Narrator] Just be mindful of your neighbors. You can also adjust your back position. - Putting just a gentle cushion behind the seatback to support the spine is beneficial. The more head and neck support you can provide, the better chance you have at achieving some restful sleep. - [Narrator] And here's where a travel pillow comes in handy. - A lot of these supports are not all created equal. There are the tried and true U-shaped neck pillows. You wanna keep your head and neck as neutral as possible against the unfortunate barrier of gravity and upright positioning. A lot of the ones that I like wrap around the neck and have a support just so they don't shift during sleep. They can sort of provide full neck support, so not just forward flexion, but lateral flexion, even some extension. It can hold your head in like a comfortable, yet supported position for sleep. - [Narrator] And if you don't have a pillow, as a last resort. - You can try to make do with layers of clothing. I think the thesis here is that if you are in a scenario where you have to sleep or you're flying during evening hours, you have to plan ahead. - [Narrator] Besides pillows and posture, there are a few other helpful tips for sleeping on planes. - You might think about limiting light exposure with an eye mask, or having layers or a blanket for thermal comfort, noise-canceling headphones just to limit some of the auditory stimulation on a plane. - [Narrator] When it comes to picking between the aisle, middle, and window seats, there isn't one best option for everyone. - It's gonna be a bit subjective in terms of what people find most comfortable sleeping on an airplane. - [Narrator] If you need to use the bathroom or stretch frequently, the aisle might be your best option, but it also means you'll be woken up every time your seatmates need to get out as well. - I think if you can avoid the middle seat, that's probably the best advice. - [Narrator] And while the window seat can provide support, just make sure to add a pillow or piece of clothing as a cushion. Importantly, flyers should find a position that allows them to move around a bit while they sleep, like they normally would in bed. - The body is built to be dynamic, and your body needs those movement breaks in order to lubricate joints, to release muscle tension, to mitigate strain. - [Narrator] But for those people who still really can't snooze mid-flight. - It's always worth it to get an upgrade. (bright music)

  Top Comments:
  1. @jeff13379001 [1 likes]: My way of sleeping comfortably on economy class is by taking advantage of the head rests that usually are allowed to be folded inward. When you learn in one of them, at least the head feels like it's sleeping on a bed. Will it solve the timezone issue? Probably not. But I think it does give at least decent quality sleep. Not to mention that if you're tired, you'll be able to sleep no matter the discomfort. The video also mentioned the advantage of crossing your arms while sleeping. This also works for me. I don't know why though. But I don't have any answers for converting timezone easily.
  2. @MaxGomezMusic [1 likes]: 5 minutes of zero information - thanks!
  3. @SS-yw7vo: Stay home
  4. @MsSkipperkim: If ergonomics was all I needed to sleep on a plane then I wouldn't be so tired coming back from Hawaii.
  5. @VictoriaRoseTravel: 4.51 min of my life I'll never get back :hand-orange-covering-eyes: Shame on you WSJ. Do better.
  6. @graceforalways6445: Short answer- you can't. 

You're welcome.
  7. @AppreciativeViewer: My favorite part is how the economy headrest pushes your head forward so you can never relax your neck 🙃
  8. @ssbarlow2424: “Thermal comfort” “audio stimulation”???  This is how we make pretentious idiots feel like experts.
  9. @curtrapp5291: On long haul flights I pay for lay-flat seat. I also take some Tylenol PM and/Benadryl. I do not consume Coke and sugary drinks or alcohol. Water with some favoring is all.
  10. @rafaelmora6184: My advice , make more money and upgrade to business class. That's the only real solution here. All these suggestions are nonsense. These seats are uncomfortable because they are cheap.
  11. @benji1775: no I never sleep in the economy seat. Most of the time  my eyes are closed but never slept more than 10 minutes.
  12. @darwin_sc: Useless bs
  13. @Chicagocubbiegirl: Tl:dr buy a neck pillow
  14. @ru_c_la: I often fly from Cape Town to Northern Norway which equals to 20 hours of flying in 24 hours. The first day upon arrival is usually a write off because I'm not able to get more than 1 hour sleep in total and have to do it when I get to my destination.
  15. @ThonyGG-sk: 0% advice, 100% observation.

tldr; dont use economy class. WOW
  16. @Anonymou5No1: Someone at wsj needs to answer for this awful video
  17. @AjayChauhan-cr4td: I did not learn anything out of this expert’s video
  18. @woodersonandmelbatoast6043: This was useless. We’re scraping the bottom of the YouTube barrel for content
  19. @Petit-Jose: What is the point of this video ?
  20. @gorbalsboy: Intelligence and beauty

- How to BOOK CHEAP FLIGHTS (Tricks that ACTUALLY work): Kind: captions Language: en I've saved well over $10,000 on flights over the past several years of travel and I know we've covered the best websites to find cheap flights before on this channel which I'll link to below but today I want to share some extra outside of the box tips that you can use to book cheap flights on your next trip whether you barely ever book flights or you've booked 100 I guarantee you'll learn a new strategy or two by the end of this video tip one is to take advantage of positioning flights a positioning flight is basically adding an extra flight to your itinerary just to save some money there are several different ways that this can save you money first if flights are too expensive to your target destination you can search for cheaper flights that will get you as close as possible then you just tack on an extra budget flight to the end here's a quick example that I just found on the Fly let's say you live in Detroit and you want to go vacation in Malta prices for your dates in October are $1,021 but if you look in Google flights explore feat you can see that you can travel to Vienna for just $677 I then popped over to ryion Aire and saw that flights from Vienna to Malta are just 20 to 30 lbs per Direction so if you wanted you could stop in Vienna for a couple days get to explore a whole new destination and still save around $300 on flights this also works on the other end of the flight if you don't live near a major airline Hub you can take a cheap budget flight from your home to a major airline hub to save money on your main flight lastly you can sometimes apply this same principle if you're buying flights with points or miles some Airlines price their award flights based on distance ranges you may be able to pay less points for your flight if you're willing to take an extra positioning flight that decreases the distance of your main flight by decreasing that distance you may be bumped down to a cheaper award range now if you want to squeeze every last ounce of value from your points and make them stretch as long as humanly possible then this can help you especially if you do it often but if you don't care quite that much then the savings you get may not be worth the hassle next up is less of a tip and more of a myth busted and it may be a little bit controversial now let me tell you I've used incognito mode for years when searching for cheap flights many people swear by the strategy and they claim that if you don't use incognito mode then the airlines will track you with cookies and see that you're searching for flights and then increase the prices that said recently I stopped using incognito mode to search for flights for one Incognito windows are just a little bit annoying to use but more importantly I learned from going that this is a myth over at going they're literally searching for thousands of flights per day and their entire business model rest on being able to find crazy cheap flights and yet they do not use incognito mode since they have way more data to work with than I do I think they know what they're talking about what do you guys think about incognito mode let everyone know Below in the comments by the way if you want cheap flight deals from your home airport sent straight to your inbox I'll link to Going's free plan and a free trial of their Premium plan Down Below in the description the next tip is to take advantage of Airline rules and laws there are a couple rules that every traveler should know the first is the 24hour rule this rule states that you can either freeze a price for 24 hours or you can cancel within 24 hours for free and get a refund most airlines offer the second option the requirements for this rule is that the flight needs to be either to or from the US booked directly with the airline website and the US version of the website and booked more than 7 days before the flight so if you meet these requirements and see a killer deal or see a mistake fair or something just book it right away without even thinking then you have 24 hours to figure out if it actually works for you or not if you wait to figure everything out before you book you may miss out on the price the next rules to know are the cancellation rules and the rescheduling rules most people dread the thought of a cancelled or rescheduled flight but if you have enough advanced notice it can actually be a blessing in disguise if an airline cancels or significantly modifies your itinerary they either have to book you on a new flight or refund you with cash the benefit for you is that you can choose which flight you want to be rebooked on so for example if you originally booked a red eyee flight in the middle of the night that kind of sucked just because you wanted the cheapest prices now you can change the time of your flight and choose one that's earlier in the day or that has less layers and so now you get the benefit another important note is let's say you book a non-refundable ticket and it turns out you want to cancel this ticket instead of calling up the airline and getting screwed because you have a non-refundable ticket you you can just wait it out and see if the airline ends up changing the itinerary or canceling it themselves and then you get your cash refund note that Airline regulations vary by country and these are regulations in the US but if you're traveling to or from Europe you may have even more benefits and perks which I explain in this video give me a like if you've learned something from this video so far and the next tip is to use the Goldilocks window this is actually another tip I learned from going and it turns out that there's no perfect day or date to buy cheap flights but there is what going calls a goldilock window where you're more likely to find better deals this is 1 to 3 months before a domestic flight or 2 to 8 months before an international flight and if you're planning to travel during Peak Seasons like summer or December you can tack on an extra couple months on top of that now this isn't a guarantee that if you buy flights during this window that you'll get the best prices possible it's just that during this window your chances of finding a deal are higher the further you pass those windows the higher the chances that you'll overpay if you wait until the last second keep in mind that prices usually jump at the 21-day Mark the 14-day Mark and the 7day mark before the flight so make sure to time your purchases before the next hike before we get into the last couple tips I made a handy cheap travel hacks cheat sheet with all my best ways to save money traveling you can grab that in the description below for free next up is to make sure that you pay for your flights with a credit card that offers travel insurance this may not save you money on the price of the ticket but it could save you tons of money if something ends up going wrong during your trip that could include things like trip cancellations delays and lost luggage for example one time one of our flights was delayed which caused us to miss a connection and made us have to stay overnight in a destination in this case the airline wouldn't cover the cost of accommodation and so we had to find accommodation for ourselves luckily we had friends in the city but if we hadn't this could have cost us well over $100 or $200 by paying for the flight with a credit card that offers insurance for delays and overnight stays this would have been covered I'll link to my goto travel credit card below that offers some awesome extra travel perks but if you're looking for a free card that offers travel protection I'll link to one of those as well speaking of travel insurance if you're worried about getting injured or sick on the road check out my video on travel insurance tips that every traveler needs to know so this next tip is a bit Advanced and really only makes sense if you're a frequent traveler under specific circumstances that said even if you're not a frequent traveler now it's a good tidbit to tuck away plus it's just kind of interesting so it turns out roundtrip tickets that originate outside of the US are often way cheaper than roundtrip tickets between the same destinations that originate inside the US well at least with European destinations for example I just did a quick search for round trip flights between Detroit and London on random dates if you start in Detroit the price is $884 but if you start in London the price is only $678 for the same dates that's over a difference of 200 bucks which really is nothing to sneeze at especially if you're able to do this multiple times per year after this I continued searching for flights between the Detroit and about 20 other European cities and every single time it was the same it was cheaper starting from the European side with other parts of the world my results were a little less consistent anyway if you travel a ton between the US and Europe you can take advantage of this if you're in the US now you'd basically have to take one one-way flight over to Europe to set the plan in motion from there you would just keep buying roundtrip tickets that depart for the US and return to Europe it's kind of a mind twister isn't it now this obviously isn't for everyone but I thought it was too interesting not to share to make it work you'd either have to know ahead of time when you need to take the return leg that leaves the us or buy a ticket that allows you to change the date of the return leg if necessary or just have the flexibility to be able to organize your life around whichever return date that you choose these six tips just scratch the surface on how to find cheap flights for more step-by-step tutorials check out this cheap TR travel playlist next and don't forget to follow project untethered on Tik Tok and Instagram for more bite-sized travel hacks see you guys byebye

  Top Comments:
  1. @ProjectUntethered [56 likes]: What are your best tricks for finding the cheapest flights? Share with everyone else in the comments! 🤑

Also, hit the SUBSCRIBE button to get all the new travel hacks I discover to travel smarter for less 😎 See ya in the next one!
  2. @Michellevanderbung: "See Vienna for a few days". And what about the cost of airbnb??    Dumb
  3. @emmahnsonjo-t3k: Hands down the best tutorial I’ve ever seen!
  4. @ouuuaburger2093: Man f rynair, we all know its cheap asf
  5. @EldaLargo: Really good content, keep it up.
  6. @Mdgsgiwhw: This was a great watch.
  7. @CuffXhsj: Thanks for simplifying this topic.
  8. @Aida-l8j: This was so well delivered.
  9. @TimothyRoss-k7r: I could watch this all day.
  10. @Loris-n2u: Good job on this video.
  11. @JisanKhan-m9x3w: This clarified a lot for me.
  12. @IjsojejIsjdbjdj: Very well thought out.
  13. @JohnLee-kl4tc: Going is probably hands down one of the Worst travel apps I've ever used. The App barely works, you have to pay a premium monthly subscription just to access the flights, and the customer service is terrible
  14. @animemage-f8f: This content is very useful.
  15. @CunnyMunny: I’m glad I found this video.
  16. @ABIRHASAN-v3y: This was so clear and simple.
  17. @FychrDfhcvb: This is a solid explanation.
  18. @IreneAtteberry: This was really helpful.
  19. @RosarioMestro: I appreciate the clarity of this video.
  20. @ronniejlesh: Very useful and well presented.

- Auto Insurance: Cancellation vs Non-Renewal: Kind: captions Language: en receiving a letter or notice regarding a cancellation or non-renewal for your auto insurance can make things a bit tense but there are some significant differences between the two and knowing what those are is very important here are some of the ways that you can plan on moving forward after getting a cancellation or non-renewal notice from your insurance carrier hi my name is Liam and I'm vice president here at Joy Insurance where we're seeking to educate our clients and others on different sorts of insurance topics that makes you a more well-rounded insured who's knowledgeable about their policy about the different sorts of companies different sorts of coverages and everything in between feel free to reach out after this video and ask us more about this topic or other things but back to the difference between cancellation and non-renewal when it comes to your auto insurance so like I said these things can be a little bit frightening at first glance when you receive a notice related to either a non-renewal or a cancellation but there are some differences um when it comes to non-renewal you will get ample amount of time to respond to any sort of notification meaning that if a carrier is non-renewing you you'll get that communication prior to your policy expiring um and if you think that there is for some reason an argument for why you should be reinstated and you're able to get a renewal you're able to reach out to that carrier and see if you can justify those reasonings I keep in mind that when it comes to most insurance companies they deliver these notices by mail whatever mailing address you have on file that you included at the quote at the time of the quote so um if you aren't checking your mail frequently enough make sure you are because that excuse doesn't typically fly with most companies it doesn't have to come electronically and the reasoning behind non-renewal can vary but typically it's for things like the company is writing less auto insurance in your region or less auto insurance this year in general or perhaps they've actually moved outside of that market meaning that they've discontinued their book of business when it comes to auto insurance at the last reasoning which is probably the least ideal uh factor for being non-renewed is that there have been a significant number of claims throughout the policy period meaning that there have been accidents or violations where you've needed to seek compensation from the insurance carrier because of your driving habits and history and if those add up enough uh carrier see the insured as someone who is too high of a risk and when your policy period it expires it ends then the policy will not be offered a renewal because of those large amounts of claims now non-renewal believe it or not for the most part is a less concerning outcome when it comes to these notices rather than cancellation you're typically able to find a new company that will write a policy for you albeit it could be more expensive because of the reasoning behind the non-renewal however your chances of finding another company especially within an office like ours where we have a handful of carriers that write auto insurance is no um no difficult sort of endeavor on our part we'd be happy to help out but uh when it comes to cancellation on the other hand this is usually for more um severe reasoning the number one uh reason for why we see Insurance of ours receive a cancellation notices because they fail to pay the premium during the policy period no matter the frequency if they're paying monthly or if they pay it all at once they have missed that payment period and due to that fact they received a cancellation notice this can happen at any time during the policy period This is a valid form of cancellation so make sure you're keeping tabs on those payments the next one would be uh they're more litigious meaning that you've committed some sort of fraud or you seriously misrepresented uh oneself during the application process and it was later discovered further down the line while your policy was in effect those are the main reasons for cancellation because of that it becomes much more difficult to put you in what is referred to as a preferred carrier or company afterwards because the cancellation can happen mid-term or during the policy period whereas a non-renewal will happen just whenever the current policy expires it becomes a bit more difficult to place somebody after a cancellation but there are other markets just probably more excess where you're probably going to have to pay more however it is obtainable to receive auto insurance after a cancellation so those are some of the causes and the the considerations for canceled policies versus non-renewed policies when it comes to auto insurance if you have questions on these causes and outcomes and the path forward always feel free to reach out to us we'd be happy to help our phone number here at Joy insurance is 845-342-488 thanks for listening I look forward to hearing that from you soon and make sure to recommend any topics if you're interested for future discussions like this one thanks thank you

  Top Comments:
  1. @chrismalins5688: What a waste of time, I want to know how to cancel auto insurance renewal, had I k own I was going to hear a a story I wouldn’t have bothered to
  2. @fredrickmason5777: I have had continuous auto coverage for 40 years now but at this time I no longer have a running vehicle and won’t for about 6 months. I turned in my plate and went down to the lowest coverage on my auto policy however realized it doesn’t make sense to even keep that if I won’t be driving it at all for a while. Will I be penalized once I do have my vehicle running when I go to start insurance back up?
  3. @dawn2974: I was told I was canceled, and another person said they weren't going to renew my policy

- [Own Experince] Best Car Insurance Policy in India 2025🔥Low Premium, High Coverage & Fast Claims!: Kind: captions Language: en Insurance should not be cheap but good. If you are planning to buy car insurance then let me tell you one thing, you can face problem from any company. Like my experience, we bought a car in 2023 and on the recommendation of friends and family, we also bought insurance from the same agency, whereas we knew that we can buy insurance from outside as well and it will be cheaper and there will be no problem in making a claim. Still he said that insurance will be easy. Claim settlement is easy so we took it and believe me this was a big mistake. Because the claim took 5 to 6 months. The name of the insurance company is National Insurance and the broker through which it has been taken is Maruti Suzuki Broking Company. Both are trusted. Many people take it and I also took a claim in which there was no problem. So what is the story? I took my first claim for Rs 20,000. There was no problem in that. When the claim reached Rs 2 lakh. It became a huge amount. There was a problem in that and the problem lasted for 5 to 6 months and I am still facing the problem. The accident happened on 24th January and today is 27th May. And still haven't received a full refund. Untill untill I will not go to consumer court. And there's not a very good Obsession scene either. RBI allowance is a good thing. I did not find the insurance subsidies that helpful at all. But I have to renew the car insurance. Keep one thing in mind before renewing. If there is a small claim, you will not face any problem with any company. When the insurance claim is big, you will face problems. Be prepared for any company. One more thing you can do in this is that if you are taking term insurance then you can split it. For example, if you took a term insurance of Rs 1 crore, then you took a term insurance of Rs 50 lakh with one company. If you take a policy of Rs 50 lakh from one company, you will have two term insurances, so your risk will be less, tension will also be less and you will get the claim easily. Although you may buy the policy from anywhere, do compare it. There are many platforms in the market to compare policies. I use this. You will find the link in the description. Enter the car number. After that you will get the prices of all the insurances. And this is my previous insurance policy and in this only you will see the expiry date. 30 May 2025. Yes, I made a claim. Now you have to pay attention to IDB. IDB is generally less than 10%. If you are not able to calculate it then you can take the previous IDB value from your existing insurance and enter it here. After that the IDB value is calculated. Now along with this there are some add ons. You must take zero depreciation. Yes, it was in my old policy. Engine protection was there. I have had all these four add ons before and I still have to get them. Now after this filter I have five best plans. This is the cheapest plan of Digit Insurance. Only ₹7400 something. But keep in mind that this insurance is valid till 15,000 km. But till the year. After that you will have to recharge the kilometers. It is written here. You can read all the details here. I had National Insurance previously. It is very useless. Not recommended, I will not consider it at all. Shriram Oriental Not really the best two options I see. One is Reliance General Insurance has a 98% claim settlement ratio. Only 2% of claims are rejected and ICICI Lambor has a 96.7% claim settlement ratio. This is also quite good. Ideally, I can buy either Reliance General Insurance or ICICI LBR. There is a slight difference between the two. Let me tell you. 15,500 km in a year If your vehicle runs till then it is valid. After that you will have to recharge the kilometers. As soon as you feel that you are running out. In this you get zero depreciation, engine protection, consumables, invoice to price everything. That too for ₹11,240. And here you can buy the ICCI Lambor plan. In this the price increases slightly to ₹13.55. You do not get any limit in these cases. Along with this, you get zero depreciation, engine protection, invoice price, consumables, everything. There are three cashless garages in my area. This is being seen. This is an authorized agency with which I did not have a good experience at all. Something else. There I see five cashless garages with Reliance, which is another good thing. Apart from authorized service centers, there are other options where you can get the repair done at a lower price. And the biggest problem with Natural Insurance was that there were only two garages. Yes, one more thing to keep in mind is that this amount is excluding GST. This means you will have to pay 18% GST on this. Let us tell you if you want to buy Reliance General Insurance. You clicked on the amount, no. You will cross verify these things once. And this GST amount has been added to it and the total amount you have to pay is ₹13,263. Your experience with a company can be both good and bad.

  Top Comments:
  1. @NurulIslam-of9ft [7 likes]: PolicyBazaar is the worst, they will only respond to you or call you at the time of renewal .
  2. @parmeetsingh2381 [6 likes]: Sir HDFC ergo ka settlement ratio best dikh raha hai. but mera experience bahut kharaab tha sirf 20 hazaar ke claim me bhi. their zonal head was talking like a goon. kehta hai, hume lagta hai ye damage accident se nahi hua so no claim. likha kar nahi dunga, jo karna hai karlo. 
and the funny part is, the inspection was done over phone 2 to 3 times.
  3. @AshokSamrat1919 [5 likes]: HDFC ERGO Fraud company hai, don't buy insurance from them
  4. @yogeshpalival6393 [3 likes]: What about zurich kotak...pls tell me
  5. @mayursuryawanshi804 [3 likes]: Icici Lombard faltu hai . Policy name change karne ke liye one month de peeche pada hu . Claim settlement me kya ghanta help karenge
  6. @sanand3091 [3 likes]: Fraud RelianceI insurance company.. That how Ambani become rich by cheating with customers.. These Gujrathi’s will looted Indian customers.

Don’t buy any car insurance policy from reliance.. They are fraud. They always try to find small problem for not covering insurance for any accidental damages. Even you have recorded dash cam video they will try not to cover under insurance policy..


Very bad experience from reliance
  7. @ZerodhaCloneE [2 likes]: Sir agle 2 week baad mera scorpio N z8s diesel manual 2wd ka delivery hai mujhe wo 17.79L ex Shwroom pd rha mujhe insurance konsa lena chaiye abhi recently Venoms Tech naam ka youtuber ka xuv 9e ka accident ka video dekha usme icici Lombard and mahindra ka after sales Boht bekar bataya infact wo gari pura khrb krdia hai unlog accident hone k baad repairing mai... Toh mai kya kru sir konsa insurance lu konse company ka aur kitna charge ayega IDV kinta rakhu showroom wale insurance ka 70k bata rhe hai
  8. @vasanthakumari250 [2 likes]: ICICI Lombard is stupid, never clear settlements
  9. @RDeepakmalik1 [2 likes]: Universal sompo general insurance company kasi h sir
  10. @mangesh6381 [1 likes]: insurance pe poora video bana diya par icici lombard bolna nahi aaya...
  11. @prakashpatel7448 [1 likes]: how is united india car insurance company ?
  12. @ashwinagrawal9567 [1 likes]: Never go for ICICI LOAMBARD worst experience
  13. @mannuseth4210 [1 likes]: Koi hdfc to icici ko kharab bol raha. Koi gyaani batayeaga lena kisika hai?
  14. @akashpandey6001: Bhai Zurich kotak general insurance kaisa rahaga , plz reply
  15. @TechnicalRaj95: Tata aig very bad
  16. @Tech-ww5ih: Aap Etawah se ho mai bhi hu
  17. @MohitYadav-zc2br: Shree ram oriental kaisa h
  18. @beautybyshi_official: What do u suggest should which one should I take for my car insurance renewal? I am so confused. Have heard bad reviews of actually every company on YouTube. Should I go for SBI general insurance or HDFC ERGO or kotak?
  19. @SOURABHGHOSH-y1t: Oriental ghatiya hai... 20000 k claim me 14000 deta h
  20. @kashishd1182: Why reject shri ram

- Which insurance is better for old car? | Can a 15 year old car get comprehensive insurance? | Groww: Kind: captions Language: en Are you wondering whether your old car needs insurance? You're not alone. This question comes to many people's minds. You might think that because you don't remember your car value, you don't need to pay for extra coverage to protect against theft, fire, vandalism, and natural disasters. But that's not true. If you're deciding to give up your comprehensive coverage, then definitely watch this video first. Perhaps you'll be able to make an informed decision if you watch this video completely. In today's video, we'll discuss whether older cars need comprehensive car insurance. In this video, we'll discuss what comprehensive car insurance is, what are the advantages of getting comprehensive car insurance for older cars, and what factors should be considered before getting comprehensive insurance for older cars. So, let's begin today's video. [Music] [Applause] But before continuing, don't forget to press the light button and subscribe to our channel to stay updated on all our informative content. Let us first understand what comprehensive car insurance is. First of all, you must know what car insurance is. Just like life and insurance pays a fixed amount to your family in case of your death, similarly car insurance pays for the damages to your car. In India, there are basically two types of car insurance. The first is third- party insurance, which is compulsory, and the second is comprehensive car insurance policy. As you all know, it is necessary for car owners in India to have a third-party car insurance policy. This policy also covers the expenses of any third-party accident caused by the injured car. Now, let's talk about comprehensive car insurance policy. This policy not only covers third-party liability, but also covers international disasters like earthquake, fire, etc., if there is an accident with your car. Apart from this, if the policyholder dies or becomes disabled due to a car accident, the policy also provides compensation. In simple words, this insurance provides total coverage to your car. But the question is whether you should buy comprehensive car insurance for old cars. You might have heard that according to the recent Motor Vehicle Rules in India, a commercial vehicle is considered fit for only 15 years, and a passion vehicle for 20 years. If you're using your car for 15 years, you'll need to get a fitness test done. If you pass the test, the car's life will increase by 5 years. If your car is very old, meaning above 15 years, you might consider not buying insurance. But if that's not the case, then you should buy comprehensive car insurance. Let's find out why. While car insurance is necessary, there are several reasons why older cars will usually be lower than older cars. However, there are several reasons why you should consider comprehensive insurance. It reduces your financial burden. And it provides peace of mind. When it comes to an old car, it can cost more, which can put a financial burden on your pocket for repairs. In such situations, you can take care of this by purchasing comprehensive car insurance for your old car. This insurance will help you cover losses due to unexpected events like accidents, fire calamities, and it will also provide you peace of mind. Secondly, comprehensive insurance also protects you against theft or vandalism. Usually, older cars are easier to steal because they do n't have the advanced anti-theft systems found in newer models. For example, if you have a 10-year- old car that gets stolen, comprehensive car insurance will help cover your losses. Third- party liability insurance doesn't help, so it's important to have comprehensive coverage. Third-party protection against fire also protects against fire-related damages, including angelfish and accident burns. This is more likely to happen in older vehicles. Suppose your 10-year- old car catches fire due to a faulty electrical system, then comprehensive insurance will cover the repair and replacement expenses. However, this Protection Against Natural Disaster Compliance (PDCA) insurance also protects you from car damage caused by natural disasters like hills, storms, floods, or wildfires. Imagine your 10- year-old car is parked outside during a fire, causing water to enter the car's engine, causing significant losses. The chip and insurance in this car will help you cover the repair expenses. Fifth, it is true that third-party liability coverage is another advantage of buying comprehensive car insurance. It provides protection against any third-party liability arising from the injured car. Furthermore, this comprehensive insurance policy also fulfills the legal mandate of third-party insurance. The benefits of advanced car coverage increase with the increase in the number of car insurance claims. Therefore, as the car ages, its depression increases. This depression is not covered under a standard car insurance policy, which can cause you significant losses at the time of a claim. Therefore, to reduce the depression in your old car, you can turn on or off the Zero Depression add-on, which will help you escape the burden of depression at the time of your car's loss. You will get the full sum and security of the claim. If you want to know more about the benefits of car insurance, you can click on the link given in the description box. The Seventh Ahead provides personal accident insurance. Apart from protecting your car, imagine what happens if you die or are seriously injured while driving? Personal accident insurance also provides you with personal accident insurance, which can be useful in paying hospital bills or even helping to cover loss of income. Now, suppose you have considered comprehensive car insurance, what things should you keep in mind before buying insurance? Let's find out some factors you need to keep in mind before buying comprehensive car insurance. This ensures you get the coverage you need and minimizes expenses. Older cars have a lower market value, which impacts your insurance decisions. Let's consider some important factors. First, market value is an important factor for your car type because older cars tend to be quite depreciated. You should consider whether comprehensive coverage is appropriate. If the car value is lower than the premium cost, comprehensive coverage may not be cost-effective, and you may rely solely on third-party liability coverage. Before purchasing used car insurance, consider how often and for what purpose you use your old car. If it's a secondary or occasional vehicle, you may need less coverage than your primary vehicle. If you're not using cars extra, you can save money by reducing coverage. Third, location can also impact your premium rates. If you live in an area with a high risk of vandalism, comprehensive coverage is essential. Whether it's for an old car or not, consider personal finance. Before buying insurance, you should analyze your financial situation. You should also check how much insurance premium you can afford. If you're on a tight budget, you can save money by choosing a plan with less coverage. Compare plans. Apart from this, you should carefully compare plans by taking courses from different insurance providers. Rates can vary significantly between insurance plans, so it's important to compare options and find the best coverage at the most competitive price. Policy Limits: Now, after finalizing the plan, you should carefully review the policy limits and coverage options. See what's included and what's not in a comprehensive insurance policy. This can protect you from last-minute surprises. So, these were some factors you should consider before buying a comprehensive plan. Finally, where is the insurance for an old car? Insurance can be another balance, but it covers accidents and other circumstances. Against valuable protection of an old car, it is discovered that your old car will be financially secure and you will get peace of mind. However, before buying comprehensive car insurance for your old car, you should analyze the value of your car, your budget and your needs properly. Apart from this, the value of your car changes with the future, hence you should review your insurance needs from time to time. So with this, let's finish today's video here. Before knowing, do tell us whether you have taken insurance for your car and if you found this video helpful, then like it and share it with your friends. Subscribe for such interesting and amazing gardens.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Arunshinde08 [1 likes]: My car is 6 years old.. I have 0 dept insurance but they giving half amount.. what to do,,? Car insurance giving 1 lakh rs but car company doing 1.70k estimate bill of work.. what to do?
  2. @arunsenanpoojapura [1 likes]: Mera pass 2004 ka wagnor hey, renewal of registration done for 2029, konsa insurance acha hey... comprehensive
  3. @ashoknikam3961: Thanks madam
  4. @sachinatram7915: Sond ka hai
  5. @rajkumarisobhani9257: Thanks for useful info
  6. @SanjayPatel-op1cb: Very nice information mam God bless you ❤❤🙌😇🙏
  7. @anilpandey813: हमारी गाड़ी का वैल्यू बीमा में तीन लाख अस्सी हजार रुपए है इस पर गाड़ी डैमेज होने पर कितने प्रतिशत का कवर मिलेगा।
  8. @rattanstudio4376: Which insurance i will take my car is 2014 model wagon r and want to but the new zero dep insurance after 10 years complete. Nice smile.. And speech.
  9. @maxmumbai1234: My Hero Maestro is 2014 make, when I tried to renew, it says vehicle age more than 10 years, toh kya insurance nahi hoga?
  10. @mihirghantiwala7402: Mare pass 2010 polo hai 4000 me 3rd party hai aur 4500 me comprehensive insurance hai to 500 bachana chaiea meri car ka use occasionly hota hai but longhota hai like 200 km 2-3 monhine me please guide me through this

- What should I do if my home insurance canceled or non renewed?: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] what should I do if my home insurance is canel or non-renewed canceling a homeowner's insurance policy and choosing not to renew are two different actions an insurance company can take your insurance company can choose to either cancel or just not renew your homeowner's policy depending upon the situation but non-renewal is the most common of the two let us look at why your policy might be cancelled or non-renewed a homeowners insurance company can cancel your policy for any reason within 60 days of the policy's Inception once your policy has been active for more than 60 days a cancellation will only occur in one of two circumstances non-payment of premiums and breach of policy terms missing payments can also put you at risk of being dropped by your insurance carrier as well as any instance of fraud can be grounds for cancellation this includes lying about a claim or misrepresenting information on your application a non-renewal will usually occur at the end of your policy term you will be notified before hand if your insurance company decides not to renew your policy by law insurance companies are required to notify customers between 30 and 60 days before your policy ends reasons for non-renewal include filing too many insurance claims changes in company's options or areas of coverage your insurance profile no longer meets the company's requirements including changes or renovations to your home or a home inspection finds unacceptable risk if you find yourself at risk of losing your insurance policy on your home we recommend calling your trusted adviser as soon as possible here at verost insurance we work with many carriers that can provide coverage that fits the needs of your home should the unexpected happen don't wait until the cancellation date to call call today

- My insurance company non-renewed my policy – what does this mean?: Kind: captions Language: en what does it mean when you get a non-renewal notice from your insurance company either you or your insurance company can decide not to renew your policy when it expires this can come as a shock when it is a company that decides to non-renew especially if you have paid your premiums on time and have had no claims hello my name is amanda yanus and this is the conklin blog it's important to understand that a non-renew is different than a cancellation a notice of cancellation means you or your insurance company plans to cancel the policy during the coverage term if the company is cancelling the coverage the notice will come with amp a warning and will list the reason the policy is being cancelled common reasons policies are cancelled are non-payment of premium discovery of fraud or material misrepresentation often a result of incorrect information on the insurance application if it is an auto policy it may be cancelled if your driver's license is suspended or revoked or you have received certain driving penalties such as an sr-22 if your policy is being cancelled due to non-payment many insurance companies will accept payment of past due amounts or allow you to pay the policy in full by a specified date to keep the policy active after a cancellation it can be difficult to find a replacement policy as insurance companies may view you as high risk a notice of non-renewal means you or your insurance company does not plan to renew your policy after the current term has completed similar to a cancellation notice you will be given ample warning by the insurance company and the notice will include the reason why they are non-renewing your policy common reasons for non-renewals include the insurance company is no longer offering that line of coverage or are no longer offering it in your location the insurance company has decided to offer fewer policies for that line of coverage the insurance company has determined that your risk has increased significantly this is often the result of the insured having multiple claims during a policy period the insurance company did not receive requested information or verification such as proof of repairs if you received a notice of cancellation or non-renewal and have questions about what this means for you and your insurance going forward give us a call we are more than happy to explain these concepts in more detail and offer you any assistance we can you

- What You Need to Know Before Moving to Florida: Kind: captions Language: en the first thing you want to do if you're considering moving to Florida is to narrow down where in Florida you might want to live pick the major metropolitan area you want to live in or decide if you want to live in a rural part of the state Florida is a big place it can take you about 13 hours to drive from one end to the other like from Key West up here to Pensacola and the far end of the Panhandle I have so many people contact me and they want to move to Florida but they really don't know where in Florida so I've got 12 things for you to think about most people are moving to the city or the suburb so you'll want to look at Miami Tampa Orlando Jacksonville Tallahassee or up there in the Panhandle it's a whole different vibe up there so you might want to divide up the state that way or sort of decide what section of the state you want to live in and do you want to live along the coast or Inland so then number two and this is going to help you narrow down which part of the state you want to move to and it's to consider the climate differences in the different parts of the state as I said Florida is big big and while anywhere in the state is warmer than most other places in the country we do have a little bit of variation when it comes to climate it's going to be hotter and more humid down here in Miami and in all of South Florida including the southwest Florida coast we do get some cooler weather up here in Central Florida you might even get a little Frost in the winter up here in Okala or in the Gainesville area and farther north and if you're up here you might even see the leaves change in the fall so decide how tropical you want to be or if you think you're going to want that little bit of change of seasons without the snow in the spring or the fall anywhere in Florida you're going to love it so consider the weather and the climate when you're deciding where in Florida you want to live the number three thing you want to know before moving to Florida I don't even like talking about this here but politics there's been some change over the years some places that would lean one way might be leaning a different way now you might see overall more conservative Tendencies but there are certain cities that might be more liberal so if this is a thing for you you might want to look more into politics Florida is a swing state your vote in presidential elections carries a lot of weight and that's all I have to say about that the fourth thing you should know about moving to Florida is the terrain or topography you might already know that Florida is pretty much flat we don't have any mountains but there are a few areas where you might see some Rolling Hills the first place that comes to mind is Claremont about 25 Mi west of or Orlando not far from there is a place called Mount Dora it's not a mountain but it's a really cool small town with a lot of character and up around the state capital you might see some of the hilliest areas the highest peak is 200 feet above sea level when I'm driving around Talahassee it reminds me of the pedmont in North Carolina or even parts of Ohio so you can consider the terrain if that's important to you number five you'll want to consider the salary differences for your job or profession any of the major Metro areas might vary depending on the business you're in so you can check that out online maybe on one of the job listing websites and see what kind of salary you might expect and that ties into number six the cost of living in the place that you're looking at moving to and the median home price and all that can vary a lot in different parts of Florida so check it out in Fort Lauderdale the cost of living is 20% higher than the state average but if you go up to Palm Coast the cost of living there is 14% lower than the state average so check out the cost of living and home prices when you're deciding what part of the state to call home the number seven thing you want to consider if you're moving to Florida is if you want a newer home or if an older home is okay in general you'll find more older homes closer to the downtown area of each City so if you're looking for a new home you'll need to look farther out a lot of this is going to depend on where you work or if you work from home and probably probably a lot of other factors so if you want a newer home how far are you willing to commute and how does the price of that newer home or a nicer older home in a desired location closer to your work how's all that fit into your budget you'll find some really amazing places close to the big cities Winter Park is just North of Orlando some really upscale homes there and a smalltown posh shopping district and not far from downtown Tampa there's the hide Park neighborhood with some incredible homes and awesome dining and night life number eight now once you start zeroing in on the part of the state you want to move to you'll want to check out the schools this is especially important of course if you have schoolage children but even if you don't good schools can affect the value of your home the quality of schools can vary depending on what part of the state you're in do a quick online search using websites like Great Schools public school review Niche and schooldigger.com you can find out how how test scores compare with State averages student to teer ratios graduation rates and a lot more number nine there are a lot of seniors and some parts of the state might be more popular for retirees than others now Florida is not the state with the highest median age but seniors flock here because of the warm weather and the tax benefits for retirees if you're a young person that doesn't mean you should give up on the idea of moving to Florida the state has a lot to offer people of all ages and when it comes to the party atmosphere that might be attractive to a lot of Millennials that's not really an accurate picture of the state either there's that and there's that there's everything in between tourists are a part of life in Florida and that's the 10th thing to consider tourism is everywhere in the state but some areas get a lot more tourists than others the Orlando area with Disney and all the other themed Parks gets packed with tourists from around the world and a lot of the beaches are magnets for tourists so if you're moving to Florida be prepared to deal with an influx of tourists during the more popular times of year for people to visit the state when it's cold and snowy in the Northeast they want to come down here for some warm sunshine those tourists spend a lot of money here and help our economy 11 snowbirds flock to Florida every year snowbirds are what we call people who come to Florida to live for part of the year and then go back home they might stay for two or 3 months or even four five or six months they might rent or they might own a home in Florida but they mainly live up North this means yearr round residents have to deal with busier roads and restaurants until the snowbirds go back home some parts of the state are more popular than others for the annual migration and number 12 you want to consider the overall population some places in Florida are getting crowded there's not enough affordable housing and there's too much traffic you need to weigh your tolerance for all that with your desire to be in a certain location did you know of the top 150 most populated Metro areas in the US 14 are located in Florida and 11 of those are among the 25 fastest growing cities in the country so do you want to live in one of those more densely populated areas or do you want to live in a smaller town with less traffic and fewer people do you want to live in one of the big cities or just close enough so you can see Big League Sports BigTime concerts theater and the Arts do you want to live in a small Beach town or do you want some acreage or do you want a place where you can ride horses well Florida has it all except snow narrow down your choices let me know if I can help thanks for watching see you next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @Moneypower572 [2 likes]: I prefer Hallandale beach Florida beautiful city good beaches and restaurants and growing businesses and communities, and good nightlife.☀️
  2. @homevibes4U [1 likes]: As always, excellent content that is interesting to watch. So many great points to think about. Florida is such an amazing state wich so much to offer! I always look forward to the next video😎
  3. @noorislam-ri2tf [1 likes]: Great video
  4. @VitUkraineUSA: What do you think of Pensacola or Pensacola area? Where are you living and where have you lived?
  5. @Chris-u4b8r: Sarasota 😊

- Should YOU Retire in Florida? 10 Things You MUST Know Before Moving: Kind: captions Language: en If you're planning to retire in Florida, here's the truth. It's not just beaches and sunshine. There are 10 things you must know before you pack up and move, including a hidden tax benefit that can save you thousands and a scam most retirees don't see coming. Let's start with the first tip right away. Everyone thinks Florida is endless sunshine. reality, we get daily thunderstorms and we have a hurricane season and that's a real factor why it matters for you. You've got insurance costs, stress during storm season and you got to figure out how to choose your home. A retirement here works best when you're prepared, not surprise. Now for the good news, Florida has no state income tax. That means no tax on social security, pensions, or IRA. For retirees, this can free up thousands of dollars every year. But here's the catch. You must claim Florida as your primary residence and spend 183 days here. So, plan ahead. Yes, Florida homes are still more affordable than many northern states, but prices have risen over the years. Why it matters is that you'll need to balance your budget with lifestyle. Do you want lowmaintenance condo living or space for grandkids to visit? Think lifestyle first, price second. One surprise for many retirees is how high insurance can be between homeowners, flood, and hurricane deductibles. It's a big line in the budget. The reveal. You can save with a wind mitigation report or by buying a home outside of a flood zone. By the way, Florida is full of 55 plus communities with HOAs. They can be a blessing. Maintenance-free living, activities, security, but the rules can be restrictive. Before signing, ask, "Does this community fit your retirement lifestyle or will it limit you?" Not everything here is paradise. From mosquitoes to the occasional gator in the golf course pond, pests are part of life in Florida. And here's why this matters. You got to budget for pest control and learn the basic of safety here. Once you're prepared, it becomes a background noise instead of a big worry. Florida has,00 miles of coastline. But most retirees don't actually live on the beach. Some of the best retirement communities are 20 to 30 minutes inland with more space, less traffic, and lower insurance. The reveal. You can enjoy the beach lifestyle without beachfront prices. Traffic spikes in season, especially from December through April. Why this matters is choosing the right town can mean peace and quiet versus frustration. Locals learn when and where to avoid tourist heavy areas. The Florida sun is gorgeous, but it's also dangerous. Skin cancer rates here are higher and overexposure can mean health issues. Why it matters is because retirement is about enjoying life longer, not cutting it short. Sunscreen and shade are not optional here. It's part of a lifestyle plan. Florida ranks near the top for fraud. Retirees are often targeted with phone scams, fake officials, or false investment opportuners. Protecting your nest egg is as important as growing it. Rule of thumb, if it sounds urgent, it's probably a scam. Hang up, delete, and walk away. Here's the bonus. Most people overlook the happiest retirees in Florida aren't just in great homes. They're in the right community. Whether that's a 55 plus neighborhood, golf club, active, familyfriendly town, community determines whether you feel at home. So, there you have it. 10 tips plus one bonus to help you prepare to retire in Florida. If you want a deeper dive into neighborhoods and lifestyles, check out my playlist right here. And don't forget to subscribe so you don't miss the next step in your Florida retirement journey.

  Top Comments:
  1. @SouthFloridaRealEstateTips: Are YOU considering retirement in Florida? What’s your biggest question or concern? 🤔

- Should I Move to Florida for Cheaper Housing?: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] stephen is in phoenix hi steven welcome to the ramsay show hi dave how you doing today better than i deserve what's up so i've made it to becoming debt-free except for my mortgage in arizona but we're thinking about moving to florida and i want to know if i should sell my house in arizona and pay off on cash in florida uh if you're moving to florida yes okay what's the sole purpose of that question are you moving to florida just for cheaper housing or are you moving for for purpose for professional for family what's going on so i run a crypto mining business out of my house here but i'm in an hoa and we're looking for states that are i guess more leaning towards the red side more freedom oriented but i just have to convince my wife to sell our house here because we currently have a mortgage to just pay for one cash out right in florida without an hoa so i can grow the business as well have you done your homework on a specific spot in florida that you got in mind here is this is this all theoretical no so i've done research i'm looking north of orlando kind of near the deland area for about around an acre or so is what we're looking for to set up like a mining shed it's just kind of convincing my wife to get on board with the whole idea because it's kind of like a big it feels like a big risk why is it a big risk uh it's just a big change i think and she's just worried about it um maybe the mining business not working out in the future because it flows with the market so it's not always profitable right but that's true in arizona and in yeah exactly so so having no mortgage in while you're in an unbelievably high risk business would be less stressful than having a mortgage in arizona while you're in an unbelievably high risk business how old are you i think your wife's telling you she doesn't like what you do for a living for risk-wise i think that's what's happening i could be wrong could be some family involved you know doesn't want to leave family i mean this is this is a marriage issue here this is some communication sit down and get on the same page are we together the problem is is you're trying to reduce um your entire life which is your relationships your church your where you shop for groceries where you uh how how close you are to relatives um all of that down to a decision on whether you have a shed or a mortgage and um it's not it's not that simple there's more variables involved and even one of the variables is it that you're in an unbelievably high risk business and um the uh your your wife um uh uh is i think she may be saying that to you uh maybe she doesn't even know she's saying that to you but that's scaring her um because you know but but it's not as simple as housing's cheaper north of atlanta north of orlando an hour than it is in phoenix which it is but there's parts of orlando that are not cheaper than phoenix so you know if you go north of phoenix well not north of phoenix but if you go outside of phoenix an hour probably not north towards sedona but if you go a different direction you might find land that's very very cheap there too without an hoa and if you sold your house in phoenix proper like if you're sitting in scottsdale which is a very expensive market you could move out of there and probably pay cash for something an hour outside of phoenix so i i don't care where you live yeah and i just want to point out that uh what it feels like dave is that okay this is really risky it's making my wife nervous but i can buy some more time to keep going with this risky business if i remove my mortgage and i just need a little more time and and and i i feel like there's something there that's that's right and i would also point out that knows the governor of arizona is a very very strong liberty champion so arizona is not the politics in arizona florida blue state no no they're not different so i just want to point that out i'm trying to take away the excuses

  Top Comments:
  1. @kbullies9702 [2 likes]: On behalf of Florida we are FULL!!!
  2. @dradden1556 [1 likes]: I work across the country regularly. And I can tell you cause I have a house in Florida. It absolutely is not cheaper housing in FL  from the mid western states.
  3. @bigcahuna42366 [1 likes]: LOL, cheaper housing in FL????  No sir, Florida is one of the most expensive states in the country for housing.  Really doesn't have much to do with the politics, but the cost of homeowners and flood insurance there is going up into the stratosphere, which is required if you have a mortgage.  Some are paying more than $10,000 per year just in insurance for their abode.  Also about 45% of all housing in the state is governed by HOAs, who are money hungry.  This guy will be under some really intense competition if he's looking for a decent non-HOA house in Florida.  They are getting harder to find because the majority of home owners in FL hate HOAs.
  4. @gypsybelle-swfl [1 likes]: How funny I'm in SW Florida and I thought about moving to Phoenix LOL
Also one word   HUMIDITY
  5. @bulletpoint728 [1 likes]: Ive been thinking of doing the same thing but from California to Florida. Eliminate my mortgage in the process, plus I have twins coming and the coat of living as well is more reasonable.
  6. @revrobbins693: this has to have been a troll call right
  7. @Mr_Gabbles: Isn’t the key to crypto keeping it cooled? And this man wants to do it in the desert and the tropics.
  8. @dradden1556: He's telling the truth.  More or less. The further south you go from central FL the more expensive it is.   On the east coast like Orlando south is more $.  And on the west coast of FL south of Crystal River FL. is more $ the further you go south.
  9. @dradden1556: It's a lot more expensive cost of houses alone . Not to mention cost of living. You don't need an expert finance guy to know that
  10. @FloridaCoastHomes: Daytona beach realtor here!!! 🎉🎉
  11. @ticonice1745: Females ruin everything
  12. @jimflagg4009: Casa Grande Arizona is much cheaper.
  13. @jimflagg4009: Does his wife have a job in Arizona. If so you might want to stay for the income.
  14. @bossblck6399: Housing isn’t Cheap in FL😂😂 and the wages here are terrible! And auto insurance, home insurance is sky high it’s ridiculous. And the caller thinks Moving to a red state like FL is freedom!😂😂😂 That’s a lie!
  15. @scottlowman.1044: No, I should move to Florida because it's warmer there.
  16. @jasoncrandall73: HOAS?!
They are abundant in Florida unless you are not buying in a new subdivision. Buy acres of land in a more rural area in Florida. How much would this man clear if he sold his home Arizona? More than $300k? If not then he needs to stay in Arizona.
  17. @MrWilliamrjohnson88: You won’t be debt free in Florida wait till you pay auto insurance in Florida no fault accident state dude mine went from 120-280 when I moved here from Kansas
  18. @imienazwisko9188: Florida?  Extreme heat, humidity, heavy rains, tropical storms, hurricanes, bugs, mosquitos, high crime rate, etc.
  19. @toddryan0108: Plenty of Freedom in Arizona my man.
  20. @youtubevaccine2044: The city he’s talking about is in Volusia County. There’s a $13 average income there. Take that into consideration.

- So You Want to Move to Florida… Now What? | Budgeting & Apartment Hunting Tips: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Hello everybody and welcome back to my channel. I'm Christopher with Plan Your Adventures and in today's video we are answering the question, so you want to move to Orlando, Florida, but now what? Where do you even start? I'm really excited to share just a couple thoughts and ideas, share my experience with you. I can't tell you the amount of people. Well, let me quickly just in case you are new here. I moved across the country from Pennsylvania to Orlando, Florida to chase my dreams and begin my dream life here, growing my business. I'm a travel planner. I'm a content creator and I just loved it here and I felt at home always every time I traveled. So, I I could not wait to live here full-time and really start growing my business. So since I have done that and since I have taken that journey, I can't tell you the number of people that have commented or messaged me whether it's here or on Instagram saying that they want to do the same thing or some people already have. They say I already was inspiring them and they made the move and I cannot literally hundreds of people which I think is so interesting that this is such a a a popular idea. You know, I almost thought I was alone. Everybody in my close family like not saying they thought I was crazy, but they were like, "Why would you want to move away from your family and friends and go live hours and hours away?" it's almost comforting to know that there are so many of you out there that feel that same draw so I don't feel as crazy. So, in today's video, I'm going to just kind of talk about the first steps that you need to take if this is something that you're interested in doing. I also have a ton of videos here on this channel that document my moving journey and I also have some just like chitchat videos that talk more in depth about my journey, my experience, my fears and expectations. um things like that. So, if you're interested in that type of content, make sure to hit that subscribe button because we will have more coming as I'm still here in my first year and sharing that experience with you. So, I do have off to the side my laptop. So, if I glance over, that's what we're looking at. Um so that I don't miss a single thing. The very first step is kind of some inward reflection. Let's figure out what your why is. Why do you want to move to Orlando? This is perhaps the most important part of the process because maybe you're going to have people that think you're crazy for doing it. Maybe there's going to be, I'm telling you, obstacles in your road or in your in your path. Any big goal or any big dream that you have, there's going to be obstacles. And the only thing that is going to get you past those obstacles is an internal motivator. And that starts with your why. Why do you want to move to Orlando, Florida? For me, it was it started from a place of every time I was here, I felt at home. I just felt it. I love it here. I love the the palm trees. I love the sunshine. Obviously, I love Disney. Disney is my happy place. So, the idea of going there as often as I wanted was really appealing. But in my experience, that is not necessarily enough of a reason. My like the thing that put it over the edge for me is that I wanted to grow my business and the best way to do that was to be here. Uh most of the travel that I plan is either Disney or Universal or a cruise out of Florida. I do other things as well. Um but those are like the majority of my clients are somewhere around Florida. uh that's where the travel begins at least. And uh so it was important to me to be here to create the content to go to the media events to do different things to really grow my business and and be the best travel agent and content creator in this realm that I could be. However, everybody's reason is different. And so just take some time to reflect on what is your why. Is it because you are just always happy here? This is your happy place. Do you have family or friends here that you want to be closer to? Is it Disney or Universal or, you know, cruising or like are you a big traveler? Those things will impact the rest of the decisions that you need to make. You know, location is really important. So, if you're moving here for Disney, let's make sure you're like closeish to Disney. Or if you're moving here for travel like like and and you want to be able to travel a lot and or do cruises out of Florida, well then let's get you in a location that's closer to the airport or the cruise terminal. So this why can also help affect other decisions in this journey. So once you know your why and let's say you're here, right? You you've made the decision, this is the move you want to make and you feel passionate and motivated and excited about it. Now, where do you start? Like, what do you do? This is the question I've been getting a lot lately. And there's no magic answer, but I'm going to share like we're going to talk about two of the main things that need to be considered and talked about at the very beginning of this process. Number one is money, money, money, money. That is unfortunately the way of life. And so you need to be able to afford a the move itself, but then also life once you're here. Those are two separate things. And I didn't fully realize that. I had a little nest egg of savings. Not as much as you should. So I'm going to tell you to do what I didn't do and save more than me. I had a little nest egg. That nest egg like barely covered the move itself. Moving across the country is expensive. Whether you're hiring movers or whether you did it like me and you just did a U-Haul and that was still expensive and buying new furniture and new things for the apartment or house or whatever. It's expensive to move. So, budget. The first thing in that realm is your job. Do you have a remote job? If so, you're probably fine. You can just relocate with your current job and you don't have to even worry about this step too much. Do you have a job that maybe has a branch in Florida and you can relocate there? Or maybe it's worth asking your job if you could go remote. Is there any opportunities or flexibility in that realm? If those are not possible, then you need to start thinking about leaving that job and getting a new job. Um the how you should do that is first finding a new job before obviously quitting your old job. again telling you what to do that's different than what I did cuz I didn't make the smart decisions. So, I also want to say that with a caveat. All of the things that I'm saying in this video, at the end of the day, you have to do what feels right. So, everybody told me, "No, you can't move without a job. No, you need more money." I just knew that I needed to be here and and things would start to fall into place. So, take it with a grain of salt. Okay. Um the the tricky part that I ran into was finding a job down here. Places weren't taking me seriously or even considering my applications because I wasn't living here. I was living, you know, 3-hour flight away. So there are certain careers and jobs that absolutely are a are able to help you relocate and able to talk to people across the country, but for the types of jobs I was looking for, it just was not an option. So I made that choice to kind of move here on a leap of faith. But that's not the smart move. I would say your first step is definitely to to make sure your job can transfer or looking for a new job. Um, and I would just put on your resume or whatever, like relocating March of 2027 or whatever as you're applying for the jobs. If it's that far out though, depending on when you're watching this, if it's that far out, don't apply for jobs yet. But anyway, um, a lot of times this can be a journey. Like, you can be thinking about this and planning this for 2 years. If you're looking for a house, I watched a couple on YouTube that documented their whole move to Orlando and they did a new build house and it took years like they it it's a journey to get down here potentially. So anyway, money. So we talked about the job situation, maybe looking for new jobs, hopefully relocating your job, also just having a nest egg, having some money saved. All of the professionals and and financial advocates out there are going to tell you to have multiple months of bills ready to go just because this is a big life change. So, it's good to have a little bit of nest egg and savings ready to go. The amount is just going to depend on your life. You know, like for me, in a studio apartment, I can say, "Oh, sure. $10,000 or whatever." If you're moving into a fourbedroom house, $10,000 may not even get you through a whole month of bills. I I don't know your life. So, do that math. Think about what would feel right to you. Maybe if you do have a financial adviser, you can chat with them. I I it was back to the why for me. I just knew I needed to be here, that draw, and I knew that the money would increase with my business once I was here. So, anyway, that's the the the money piece. I I didn't even want to talk about, but it's an important part of the process, knowing your job and um and beginning to save for this move to your dream life. The next piece of it is starting to think about apartment, house, location. Now, this is where the job piece of it may come back into play because certain I would say most apartments you do have to have proof of income in order to be approved for set apartment. But let me not start there because let's say you're still in the research phase. How do you There's so many areas like when you say you're moving to Orlando, there's legit like a 2hour bubble that that could mean. Are you moving to downtown Orlando, the suburbs? Are you moving like to Lakeland? Are you moving to Windmir? Casemi, there's so many options. So, I know that that can be overwhelming. Um, something that most people consider when you're looking at different areas of Orlando is the school districts. Now, I don't have a lot of experience with this cuz I do not have children, but I know that this is a huge factor for most people because some school districts here are fabulous and others are not as fabulous. So, do that research if you do have children. My biggest thing was location. And what I mean by that is proximity to the areas that I knew I would be traveling and want to go to a lot. So for me that was Disney, Universal, and the airport. Those were really the three things that I I wanted to be as close as possible to, but I didn't necessarily want to be like right there in the middle of this huge touristy area. I wanted a little bit of separation. So, I actually what I did is I printed out a map, okay, of the Orlando area. I highlighted the locations that I really wanted to travel to often. So, for me, it was Disney, Universal, and the airport. It kind of made a little triangle. So, the first places I looked were like in the middle of that triangle. Then I looked a little bit outside of the triangle and I ended up kind of doing a little bit further away from the triangle for a couple of reasons. But that is a really good starting point thinking about if you a place of employment if you know where that is going to be that can be one of your highlights. If you go to Disney or Universal a lot or the cruise terminal or whatever, right? Think about those places you you want to travel to a lot. Uh or if you have family here and maybe want to be close to them. So, that was the first step for me is kind of figuring out what location would be closest proximity-wise. Now, that could get thrown out the window if you are on a tight budget and that area that that you ideally want to move to either is out of budget or maybe the school district isn't good there. So then you just kind of keep looking for something that's in your budget or has a good school district or whatever one of those other factors are that you need to consider as you are moving. I used like something I think I used apartments.com to just begin my search because I could actually put in like zip codes and really narrow down areas and just see all the apartments in that area and I would compare like I made a spreadsheet. Okay. So, I would compare like rent pricing and fees and how far it was to Disney, stuff like that. So, that's how I started. I had a list of I probably have looked at like over a 100 apartments in this process of just kind of looking at different areas, looking at what I was looking at mainly for me was pricing amenities of the complex as a whole. like I wanted to make sure there was a pool and it felt like a safe not necessarily gated but like a safe community, a safe environment. Um how far it was to Disney. Those were like the main things I was looking at. Um and I just kind of kept comparing kept narrowing down areas. And then my next step was narrowing it down to the places that were in budget, that were close proximity, that looked nice, maybe for you that has a good school district or is close to your work. And I actually drew that on the map that had that diamond or the triangle of where I liked to travel. So I also drew like apartment A, highlighted that, apartment B, so that I could see them all together on this big old map. that helped maybe narrow some out like oh actually that's further than I want to be. But that is also how I made my apartment hunting trip itinerary. So this is I believe a really important part of the process if you can. So let's say you already are doing your apartment research or your house research. I think it's really important to see places in person because places I thought were at the top of my list ended up not being on my list at all after I did my apartment hunting tour. So, I planned a trip and I made it a cheap cheap cheap trip because I didn't have the money to do it. But, I thought I knew it would be important to fly down here and do some apartment hunting in person. I rented a car which was also cool cuz I could get the vibe of living in Orlando and driving around. I did a little bit of like not sightseeing but like in these areas that I was apartment hunting. I also recommend looking at the areas like how close is the Publix or the Target, you know, like just kind of looking at the areas, the people that you see or the cars that you see, like just how does the area or the neighborhood feel? So, um I had this map and what I did was I would put like I had three days. So, I did this area on Monday. I did this area on Tuesday, I did this area on Wednesday, right? And then I would map out the times and how long it would take me. It was a whole process. But I love doing it cuz I'm a huge planner. So, I do, if you can, I do recommend coming down and actually touring the places in person. Most places, in my experience, did require appointments. So I a lot of that work was done in advance of setting up those appointments so that I was ready to go. Um I I think it's an important part of the process. Now I looked at too many apartments on my trip. I think I looked at 20 to 30. I don't recommend that. I was just so excited and wanted to look at all the different options. I looked at a couple different areas and I just was really excited to move down here. So, I looked at too many. I think you should narrow it down. And there's not a magic number, but at a certain point, they all kind of blend together. So, do as much research as you can in advance, narrow it down and maybe pick a shorter list. I don't want to I mean, 10 maybe depends on how long you're here. If you're here for if you can do one day, then no, not 10. I would say like five is probably the max. It just it get they all blend together and it gets a little tiresome. Um, I also should say that this is not the only way to do it. If you can't get down here, I have a friend that just moved here and she did not tour um the apartment that she moved into in person. She just did it all sight unseen. She had great conversations with the apartment complex and whatever. So, that is an option. I just really made it a priority to spend a little bit of money to get down here and do that apartment tour. Okay, we just we just rambled so much. So, I need to look at my notes. Have I even covered everything? Who knows? Please hold. Okay. Yeah. No, we're we're we're kind of on track. Um, it's going to be a longer video than I intended cuz we're just rambling. Hopefully, you don't mind. I love a chitchat. Um, but yeah, so money, location. When you're looking at these locations and apartments, it's not just price and it's not just looking at that apartment. It is also looking at the neighborhood. And the price can be tricky. Pro tip, it's not just the rent. You're also wanting to look at like there are often other things that you have to pay like valet trash. Some apartments come with a technology package included or pest and like and those are all typically add-on fees. So, just get all the information because I had an apartment that I thought was the cheapest, but when I added in all those things, it was like the middle of the pack. So, um, yes. Also, think about traffic. Orlando traffic is in general not it there's a lot of traffic here, so take this with a grain of salt, but some areas are worse than others. I decided to not let that impact me because a lot of the areas I was looking at had bad traffic. So, I did not use that as a factor. But if you do care about that, maybe look at places that don't take you on the four or other busy congested areas and there's back roads or whatever. So, just another thought or thing uh to think about. There are also a ton of Facebook groups where if you want more advice about a specific area or ideas, you could join those Facebook groups that are about like I would just search in Facebook like Orlando apartments hunting or like moving to Orlando, stuff like that. Um, and you can kind of start to maybe even build a community, which is really important to have once you're down here. But in terms of first steps, it's a lot of research and figuring out locations that feel right and the money piece of it. Going back to that, it's not just about rent price that you need to figure out financially. It's all those other things. So, I did a lot of budgets. I looked at like what the car insurance would be down here, rental insurance, um medical insurance, um other bills like utilities. See if you can in these Facebook groups or if you know somebody, ask about how the utility costs compare. If maybe the gas prices are more expensive here in Orlando than you're used to. There are also a lot of toll roads. So maybe, you know, just think about all of those things cuz it can add up. You know, maybe you have $30 a month of tolls. That can add up. Um you're going to Disney very often. So that's a budget item. Now is snacks in Disney or eating out in Disney or Lightning Lanes if you're big into Lightning Lanes. So just kind of think about all those factors. Make a budget. Not saying you have to stick to I'm not your financial adviser, but like at least I I hate the word budget. Write down on a piece of paper all the things you think you'll spend money on and how that is different from where you are living currently, too. Just so you have an idea. At the end of the day, like I started the video, there's going to be obstacles. There's going to be fears. There's going to be people that maybe don't understand. So, you have to want it. You have to believe that you can do it, and you have to make it happen. So, if you want proof that this is possible, I am your proof. I did it and I didn't even do all these steps I'm talking to you about. Financially speaking, you can do it. So, if you need that person that is motivating you and inspiring you, I am here for you. I'm so excited for this journey. I understand it. I really understand it. I literally did it. And give yourself grace. I pushed back the date. I pushed back my move in date multiple times. I originally wanted to move in like August of 2024 and it ended up happening February of 2025. So, it got pushed back a couple times. Give yourself grace. If the if the apartment of your dreams falls through, there's another one. Like, it's going to be okay. It's all going to work out. Oh, another quick note about apartments. Where I was in Pennsylvania, apartments were set prices, right? Like, this one-bedroom apartment right now is going for 1,700. here. Pricing fluctuates in every single apartment complex I looked at. Just so you know, it depends on lots of factors. The same exact apartment within the same amount of time could go for 1,600 or 1,800. It's so crazy. It depends on like when the apartment's available, when you can move in, how far out it is. So, just be ready to play that game a little bit and do your research. If you see, oh, yay, that apartment right now is going for 1,600. Let me write that in my spreadsheet. Do a little more research because next week the same apartment may be going for 1,700 or if you if you book it 2 months in advance, it may be going for 1,800 if you want to lock in that apartment way in advance. It's a stressful game. I've done it, but it's worth it in the end. If you have any questions, leave them down below. I'd really appreciate it if you hit that subscribe button as well to stick around and see all of my moving to Orlando content. Update us on your journey down below, too, so we can all cheer you on in the comments. Also, if you enjoyed this video, please hit that thumbs up button. I really appreciate that, and I will see you all real soon. Thanks so much.

  Top Comments:
  1. @KrisInspirations [3 likes]: Great vlog! I have been wanting to move from NJ to Orlando for years but keep letting fear get in the way. Is there anything that you’ve encountered that you didn’t expect living there? I am a mental health therapist with a dream of starting a private counseling business near the magic❤ I also want to get into content creation! My family thinks I’m crazy for wanting to leave a great job and affordable house to start over somewhere new. The quote you said in your other vlog “It’s time to stop building someone else’s castle when I have my own to create” really resonated with me!
  2. @urika01 [2 likes]: Update, we just got approved for our place in Orlando!!!❤🎉❤
  3. @booznonlife5165 [2 likes]: Planning on doing this very thing in may
  4. @sb7526-j2x [2 likes]: Well this is perfect timing as someone lookin to move to FL!
  5. @tencraftyfingers [1 likes]: Excellent points! Keep up the great work.
  6. @user-vc9or5uc4x: Is it cheaper living there than Pennsylvania?
  7. @user-vc9or5uc4x: How did u find ur apartment
  8. @WanderingPotterheads: Omg thank you for this! We are thinking of moving from NJ.
  9. @krysrose2927: This is some great advice Chris!!
  10. @sb7526-j2x: -& maybe apt hunting in 3-ish weeks when i visit Orlando
  11. @soniacoe1884: Was waiting at my desk for a video to pop up ❤❤❤

- Is Moving to Florida a Mistake? Avoid These 3 mistakes before deciding to move.: Kind: captions Language: en hi everyone there seems to be three major mistakes&nbsp; that people make prior to moving to florida and i&nbsp;&nbsp; just wanted to share this with everyone today&nbsp; because i don't want you to make the same&nbsp;&nbsp; mistakes that so many other people do florida is&nbsp; not for everyone it's a beautiful state there's a&nbsp;&nbsp; lot of pros to it but what i am finding is that&nbsp; about 40 of people that move to florida end up&nbsp;&nbsp; leaving florida and with the cost and time and&nbsp; expense everything that goes into making a move&nbsp;&nbsp; i want to make sure that you're prepared before&nbsp; you decide to make this big move so stick around&nbsp;&nbsp; because today i'm talking about the three biggest&nbsp; mistakes people make before moving to florida hi everyone i am lisa mcbride with kelly williams&nbsp; realty select in sarasota and lakewood ranch thank&nbsp;&nbsp; you so much for joining me today we're diving&nbsp; into the three mistakes that a lot of people make&nbsp;&nbsp; prior to moving to florida the first one is&nbsp; the cost now most people think you're going&nbsp;&nbsp; to save a lot of money moving to florida because&nbsp; there's no state income tax however we don't have&nbsp;&nbsp; state income tax but the cost of living has risen&nbsp; incrementally in just a few years i have been here&nbsp;&nbsp; almost five years and i can see a big difference&nbsp; in that time also i don't know that i've done all&nbsp;&nbsp; the research that i needed to do before moving&nbsp; especially regarding the cost of living here&nbsp;&nbsp; the housing market is hot and when more people&nbsp; moving in we're not seeing that decrease&nbsp;&nbsp; florida and sarasota in general are just growing&nbsp; exponentially with that growth is going to come&nbsp;&nbsp; the increased cost because we have the demand it's&nbsp; not going to slow down and then tell something&nbsp;&nbsp; slow down i don't see our prices going down too&nbsp; much the average price of a home whether you're&nbsp;&nbsp; renting or owning has increased substantially over&nbsp; the past 12 months for instance home prices have&nbsp;&nbsp; increased over 30 percent and rent prices are up&nbsp; almost the same amount i've seen rentals that were&nbsp;&nbsp; once two thousand dollars now going for almost&nbsp; four thousand dollars a month because the demand&nbsp;&nbsp; is so high for annual rentals so it is hard&nbsp; to find a rental i'm just gonna caution you i&nbsp;&nbsp; hear people talk about it all the time i get asked&nbsp; about it all the time currently a two bedroom two&nbsp;&nbsp; bath apartment is over fifteen hundred dollars&nbsp; and single family homes they're renting in the&nbsp;&nbsp; twenty five to three thousand dollars a month&nbsp; if you're looking for a condo close to downtown&nbsp;&nbsp; it's going to be close to four to five thousand&nbsp; it's amazing what i've seen these apartment&nbsp;&nbsp; complexes how they've almost doubled their prices&nbsp; because the demand is so high so before moving and&nbsp;&nbsp; thinking oh this is going to be affordable please&nbsp; know what the housing costs are but not just&nbsp;&nbsp; housing costs the cost of insurance car insurance&nbsp; and homeowners insurance remember florida is full&nbsp;&nbsp; of tourists and they're tourists year-round with&nbsp; that brings a lot of people to the area that may&nbsp;&nbsp; or may not know what road to take or which way&nbsp; to turn we also have a lot of teenagers and&nbsp;&nbsp; people aging and so that is just bringing a lot&nbsp; of traffic to the roadways and a lot of accidents&nbsp;&nbsp; so our insurance is definitely a little higher&nbsp; here in the state of florida as well as homeowner&nbsp;&nbsp; insurance our homeowner insurance has increased&nbsp; over 15 percent year-over-year in the last decade&nbsp;&nbsp; it is some of the highest in the nation and again&nbsp; that is something that's probably not going to go&nbsp;&nbsp; down anytime soon but along with all of these we&nbsp; still have the high cost of food of entertainment&nbsp;&nbsp; utilities and so much more so be prepared when you&nbsp; move to florida make sure you know what the cost&nbsp;&nbsp; of a home is going to be you know you may be used&nbsp; to paying a certain amount two thousand dollars&nbsp;&nbsp; for the same amount of money you're not going to&nbsp; get nearly the amount of homes so just be prepared&nbsp;&nbsp; on the cost and i do recommend that you speak to&nbsp; your accountant or your financial planner before&nbsp;&nbsp; moving to florida the next mistake most people&nbsp; make is if they're not really prepared for the&nbsp;&nbsp; weather yes i understand we all want to get out&nbsp; of that cold and the snow and the slush and i&nbsp;&nbsp; agree with that i do not like cold weather at all&nbsp; however i have a lot of people that call and tell&nbsp;&nbsp; me they just can't handle the heat and humidity&nbsp; as much as they like it in the winter months it&nbsp;&nbsp; gets to be too much when it comes to august and&nbsp; september it just gets old it gets stifling and&nbsp;&nbsp; it's not fun to be around so a lot of people have&nbsp; started moving which they call now like half back&nbsp;&nbsp; which is to south carolina north carolina georgia&nbsp; tennessee so they have a little bit more change&nbsp;&nbsp; in temperature the weather as much as we like to&nbsp; think it's perfect it's not always perfect and&nbsp;&nbsp; there's many people that have decided hurricanes&nbsp; or threats of hurricanes is just not for them&nbsp;&nbsp; either once you've been in the path of a hurricane&nbsp; you totally understand and for some people it's&nbsp;&nbsp; just too much to deal with so between the heat&nbsp; humidity and hurricanes weather is a big thing to&nbsp;&nbsp; keep in mind and a mistake most people don't take&nbsp; into consideration the final mistake people make&nbsp;&nbsp; before moving to florida is not being prepared for&nbsp; the lifestyle of florida lifestyle of florida is&nbsp;&nbsp; definitely a little bit more laid back a little&nbsp; bit more relaxed and again we have a lot of&nbsp;&nbsp; snowbirds we have a lot of retirees we have people&nbsp; of all ages here but the lifestyle is definitely&nbsp;&nbsp; low-key we don't have everyone running to work&nbsp; in the morning we don't have you know things just&nbsp;&nbsp; going on on the weekends we really cater to a lot&nbsp; of daytime events and activities and it's just a&nbsp;&nbsp; very different lifestyle specifically if you have&nbsp; a family i want to point out i hear this a lot&nbsp;&nbsp; where people move into neighborhoods and they're&nbsp; hoping to move with other families and close to&nbsp;&nbsp; schools well there's definitely a possibility&nbsp; however i've heard people ask about where are&nbsp;&nbsp; all the kids why aren't there people riding their&nbsp; bikes and out running around well i'm gonna kind&nbsp;&nbsp; of refer back to the weather comment it's hot out&nbsp; and a lot of times children aren't just running&nbsp;&nbsp; around they're in their homes playing or they're&nbsp; playing in their pools in the backyard or they're&nbsp;&nbsp; in the middle of a lot of planned activities so&nbsp; it is a little harder to find communities that&nbsp;&nbsp; might just be filled with children maybe not i&nbsp; mean there's a lot of wonderful schools but every&nbsp;&nbsp; neighborhood will have a plethora of empty nesters&nbsp; a few snowbirds a few rentals or short-term&nbsp;&nbsp; rentals and airbnbs there's just more diversity&nbsp; in the neighborhoods and so you may not feel like&nbsp;&nbsp; you're just in a neighborhood with you know all&nbsp; your friends and you're gathering at the end of&nbsp;&nbsp; the street and you know walking around and having&nbsp; just socialization in your neighborhood so i think&nbsp;&nbsp; it's something that you need to be prepared for&nbsp; because it definitely is different now don't get&nbsp;&nbsp; me wrong we have beautiful neighborhoods really&nbsp; really friendly people but the diversity in a&nbsp;&nbsp; neighborhood is probably a little bit more than&nbsp; you may be used to where you come from all of&nbsp;&nbsp; these things are major factors in making a move&nbsp; to florida and i think it's really important to&nbsp;&nbsp; be prepared for these and not make the mistakes&nbsp; that other people do as i said i'm not dissuading&nbsp;&nbsp; anyone from moving to florida i love it it's&nbsp; beautiful there are so many pros there's a few&nbsp;&nbsp; cons but i wanted you to be prepared do you have&nbsp; questions about florida about moving to florida&nbsp;&nbsp; about neighborhoods anything that i can do to help&nbsp; i'm here for you please reach out let me know i&nbsp;&nbsp; do appreciate you calling i want to help and i&nbsp; just wanted you to be prepared because moving&nbsp;&nbsp; is a lot of work and a big financial obligation&nbsp; and so if i can help somebody make that choice&nbsp;&nbsp; then that's why i keep putting out more and more&nbsp; videos thanks so much for watching don't forget&nbsp;&nbsp; to subscribe leave a comment and let me know&nbsp; how i can be of help until next time take care

  Top Comments:
  1. @DannyPerry160 [2 likes]: Diversity should be a plus. Are there actually a lot of folks looking for communities that do NOT have diversity?
  2. @Coconutbeaches26 [1 likes]: Buy a condo, get a electric car.
  3. @HT-ww3zg [1 likes]: Florida is the best place on Earth, warts and all.  Moving here was the best decision we ever made
  4. @octzone [1 likes]: I'll be flying to Sarasota next month for the Thanksgiving holiday for my vacation. I'm looking forward to seeing Sarasota in person. It's gonna be a major factor for to decide to move to Florida and leave behind the stressful ny life.
  5. @Twobarpsi [1 likes]: Always informative 👍!!
  6. @ripjones5294 [1 likes]: Very true and pertinent information, along with examples.
  7. @beautifulflorida: Very helphful information for new Florida residents! We were surprised to hear about HOA and CDD when moved here. Great video!
  8. @pinkcat8855: Home many homes do you need to sale...
to pay your bills in Florida?
  9. @pinkcat8855: Buy a condo and electric chair.
  10. @rong9758: Great info on affordability. We saw tons of different rentals and some are actually worth the money and some are not yet they are the same price. Be careful. We ended up at Cityside Apartments on Cocoanut downtown, and they are expensive but they are worth it. We looked at several that were just not worth the price. Hey Lisa, we just went and checked out Lakewood ranch this weekend and besides Lakewood Ranch Boulevard did we miss something? Is there a little downtown area with all the restaurants and city buildings?

- 10 REASONS YOUR HOME LOOKS CHEAP | INTERIOR DESIGN MISTAKES: Kind: captions Language: en hey everyone welcome back to my channel my name is Kristen and today I'm going to be sharing with you 10 things that you may be doing around your home that are making your space look cheap now you know me I'm all about decorating on a budget but I do believe that you can decorate on a budget and really achieve that high-end luxurious look so if you're trying to do the same thing in your home without breaking the bank this video is just for you if you enjoy watching and find this video helpful make sure you give it a big thumbs up and hit that like button and I want to give a huge thank you to Walmart for sponsoring today's video let's go ahead and jump right into it so there's one curtain style that I think you should absolutely stay away from if you're trying to create a luxurious high-end look around your home and that's curtains with grommets you can do all of the curtain hanging tricks hanging your curtains high and wide adding double panels making sure that the curtain goes floor to ceiling but if your curtains have grommets it's just making them look cheap instantly the best looking curtains are usually custommade curtains so you're always trying to create that customade look on a budget and you can do that with curtains that don't have grommets you can use pleat hooks you can use clips and rings and do all of these amazing tricks to make your more affordable curtains look more expensive but you can't do that with curtains with grommets so I think just stay away from them Al together because they look store-bought they look like they're straight out of the package and they don't look custom they also usually come in a metal finish that maybe you aren't trying to tie into your your space so that little detail can sometimes throw things as well they don't hang the same way they don't pull across the same way so I think they are just one detail that you should stay away from because they're making your space look cheap curtain panels without grommets are not any more expensive than curtains with grommets so it's not even about spending more money or anything like that it's just that extra detail that can be removed that make them look so much more luxurious now I'm sure you've all heard about using a pop of color or picking an accent color for your space but I think we need to take this a step further and actually choose more than one accent color for your home I think when people get stuck on that one accent color and use it all over their home in the exact same shade it tends to come off a little bit too matchy matchy and can potentially look cheap I think it's better to either choose one color but many different shades of that color as your accent color or use three different colors that really pair together nicely this is going to give you variety depth it's going to allow you to use color in multiple ways in one space without it looking like it's too much so it's a great way to create balance in your home and flow from one space to the next you can have depth in darker colors you can mix in lighter colors and pair them together really nicely there's something about using one accent color in the same tone that just comes off a little bit to primary or Kitty good design is all about pairing instead of matching so as long as you keep that in mind as long as your items and your Decor pieces and color schemes pair nicely together I think you're off to a great start now if you want to elevate the look of your kitchen without renovating or decorating all you need to do is get matching dishes as soon as you open up your cupboard doors and see matching dishes it makes your space look and feel luxurious they don't have to be expensive dishes they don't have to be anything fancy as long as they look clean and match I've been wanting to do this in my mug cabinet and my bowl cabinet because both of those cabinets have been a jumbled mess of different styles and colors that just make the cupboards look messy so I just got some new pieces to elevate the look of my cupboards from Walmart I'm always shopping on Walmart for all of my Home Essentials I shop on the Walmart app so I can just shop really quickly off my phone from the comfort of my home and everything delivers so quickly I got all of the products that I wanted to use use to refresh my cabinets in just a couple days so it makes it really easy for me to get these little projects done quickly so you can download the Walmart app to find all of your favorite products at just the touch of a button they carry some of my favorite Brands so it makes it very easy for you to get that on Trend look at a great price so I got a bunch of different size bowls that are all white and that really match so that I have variety but a very seamless look as well as clear glass mug mugs and white tog go tumblers I'm going to be clearing up my mug cabinet first this is pretty much the first thing I see every morning it's something my guests see and I think we can make it look a lot more luxurious just with some matching mug so I decided to go all glass for my regular size mugs these are double walled glass mugs so they are really well insulated they look incredible like you're having a coffee from a cafe and they aren't hot to touch so I really really love these they look so luxurious and I'm just pairing them with my existing glass mugs that I have and finishing off this cabinet with my White Tumblers that way everything that has to do with coffee hot or cold drinks can all be in here these White Tumblers came with metal straws and straw cleaners so I'm organizing a little container so that everything is in one spot but wow what a difference this makes putting dishes away just got so much simpler because no matter where you put it it's going to look organized and clean so this is such a great hack if you just want to spruce up your cabinet we're going to do the same thing in my bowl cabinet moving away from the mix match sizes and colors and going for more of a uniform look with these dough in bowls so I got a larger size a medium size and the ramkin so there's some variety there I love the texture of these and it just gives off a very clean look so this is one small thing that that will really take your kitchen to the next level if you've been thinking about doing something like this in your home I'll leave all of the products I use Down Below in the description box so you can shop on Walmart as well now I've spoke about different ways that you can Elevate the look of your bedroom through bedding you can use multiple duvet to really add that plush look to your bedding that you see in stores but another detail you should consider that I love doing in my guest room is actually using extra large duvet so sizing up in your duvet in our guest room we have a double- siiz bed but I actually use a king-size duvet on that bed it allows for extra blankets to flow off the side and when guests stay over they're not fighting over blankets there's more than enough to go around so I think it actually really elevates the look of your bedding if you go larger so it's not always about investing in the most expensive duvet that definitely does make a difference but you can do these little things to really achieve the same look and feel if you have a twins siiz bed size up to a double duvet if you have a double size up to a king-size duvet and for a king-size you can actually get extra large extra wide King duvet to cover the width of your bed now I truly believe that every Furniture piece that you buy for your home should be comfortable livable totally functional I love comfortable Furniture but I have one rule they cannot have cup holders I don't think cup holders will ever look luxurious or designer it's just not going to allow you to achieve the same look that you might be striving for furniture with cup holders usually comes with a bulky kind of electronic look to it and it's possibly making your space look a little bit cheap that extra plastic detail on your furniture is not totally ideal of course it's super functional you could put a drink down but you could also use a side table or your coffee table to really achieve that same kind of function so I just have that rule when it comes to shoing if anyone's ever asking for advice in a furniture store it's do not buy anything with cup holders now there's something about a TV on a TV stand shoved in a corner of a room that makes the entire room look cheap no matter how beautiful anything else is if there's a TV in the corner it automatically looks awkward it makes it look like you don't have enough room for that TV it looks like an afterthought and it really messes with the furniture layout and the flow of your space I don't think it's ever ideal un unless you have a corner fireplace and it's mounted on that fireplace then you have a focal point to the room but if it's any other situation I think you need to find a new place for your TV or a different way of mounting it I think creative ways of mounting a TV are using art easel or a projector that you can hide away or tuck away and bring out when you need but having a TV permanently in a corner on a TV stand definitely doesn't make your space look designers so it's something I would never recommend now now if you really want to create more of a luxurious feeling in your bedrooms make sure that you actually empty out a little bit of your closets because if your closets are over stuffed it makes your space feel small it makes the closet look small it room in there which technically could be true but when you create space in your closet you're going to get a more luxurious look and feel you're going to be able to move your clothes you're going to be able to see everything you have it just feels more luxurious so I'd say find alternative storage options like under bed storage maybe more drawers or a separate armoire that you may need to separate clothing moving your seasonal clothes away will make more space in your closet as well so make sure that you have space in your closet because it actually makes your entire bedroom and just experience in your home feel more luxurious now when it comes to decorating your space make sure that you are intentional about what you have out on display I wouldn't put everything that you love and everything that's important to you out on your shelves and your surfaces because it tends to look cluttered and again closed in you just get this overwhelming feeling in your space when you want it to feel a little bit more Airy and bright so I would say Do not overly display all of your stuff when it comes to magazines and books and travel knickknacks and gifts and Decor if you have too much out nothing actually stands alone and looks special and intentional it just looks like a whole lot of stuff I think having special items with a lot of Personality are great conversation starters and are amazing to have around your home but if there's too much of it people won't even know where to look or start so make sure you tone it back and actually display intentionally around your home and lastly spaces with no personality tend to look cheap I think that's why a lot of houses that have been flipped quickly and on a budget tend to look cheap because they are lacking person personality they look very standard and the same and they don't give off a very Lux look adding small touches to your home that are unique and special and add your personality into your space actually makes your home look more expensive and creates a gorgeous experience no matter what so make sure you're actually adding some style into your home and not just picking very Standard Furniture and details all right so that's it for today's video I hope you guys enjoyed watching and I hope this gave you some ideas on ways that you can improve the look of your home let me know Down Below in the comments which one of these decorating tricks do you think you should absolutely use in your home and if you enjoyed watching and found this video helpful make sure you give it a big thumbs up and hit that like button and make sure you guys are subscribed to my channel so you don't miss the upcoming videos click that red subscribe button down below and make sure you guys have my notifications turned all the way on so you're first to see the next video love you guys so much and I'll see you in my next one bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @KristenMcGowan [208 likes]: Happy Wednesday Everyone❤I hope this gives you some take aways so that you can achieve that designer look for less in your home!🏡 Thank you to Walmart (Walmart.com) for sponsoring this video! Check out their PRODUCTS 
Glass double wall mugs: https://go.magik.ly/ml/1v9w2/
Dowan Large bowls: https://go.magik.ly/ml/1v9wc/
Dowan Small Bowls (Pack of 6): https://go.magik.ly/ml/1v9w6/
Doman Ramekins: https://go.magik.ly/ml/1v9wf/
White Tumblers (Pack of 6): https://go.magik.ly/ml/1v9w8/
  2. @zlatassx: Hi, this comment section is very flustered about the groomets 😅
  3. @dumdubbs2427: Me watching this as I just got some curtains with grommets. 😂 Better than it was before, maybe I'll circle back after the rest of the space is better.
  4. @MarinaGonzales-d8v: Thank you someone said it
  5. @thefirehawk1495: The amount of people feeling judged is craaaaazy. She doesn't know you ok? Knock it off, stop behaving like a toddler. If you want the follow her tips do it, if you don't then don't.
  6. @Mbcark175: Great tips!! I agree that curtains with grommets are not a nice look.
  7. @maryjohnson3972: Life is too short, it’s not about what’s trending what other people say  looks upscale it is what you love what brings you happiness by looking at it every day. If a piece of furniture or an accessory, does not give you joy but you buy it because designers say this is what you should buy, don’t do it. Only buy what’s gonna make you happy, you’re the one that lives in your home. You should decorate it with furniture and items that  bring you happiness by looking at them every day., Who cares what other people love that’s their preference not yours. Supposedly the modern trend is over now, gray painted walls and the minimalist look is over. Now the new trend is tan beige , neutral colors on your walls and the maximalist look is back. Trends come and go but I’ve always bought what I love and guess what I have gotten compliments on my home for years. Just buy what you love and you’ll be happy..😊
  8. @Iamchristaelaine: Note .   Hide my TV
  9. @galaxyrinula5841: 💯
  10. @honeyisnatural5: I agree with everything ❤
  11. @stacky512a: Provide an alternative to placing one's tv beyond a corner for the typical 1,700sq ft home?
  12. @JyotiShivShakti: That's why people really shouldn't come to me with trinkets
  13. @christinetrixieshelton4163: I actually like these tips!
  14. @RebekahWolfXo: Actually that type of curtains are way more expensive.  Not sure where u find them where they’re the same price
  15. @stephanieambrus7578: The color palette over just 1 accent is genius! I love it😃 soooo over sll the grey😂😂😂🫠🫠
  16. @sharonrossow5423: Where do you find extra large extra wide duvets?
  17. @MNubz: It’s a matter of preference.
  18. @savitaraghuvanshi: I’ve been following your videos for some time — thank you so much for sharing such helpful content. I really appreciate the time and effort you put into them.

I’m based in London and we’re currently doing a house extension (4m × 8m). We will have an 8m structural beam running through the middle of the living room and kitchen, and it also crosses the kitchen island at 90 degrees.

I would be very grateful if you could guide me on some simple and cost-effective ways to decorate or conceal it.”
  19. @miket.1933: The tv on an art rack is the dumbest idea ever. It looks stupid in every room and not "luxury" at all. Get over it "designers" people heve tv.
  20. @Kenbreg: STOP telling people to Stop.

- How to Choose Curtains for Home | Fabric, Color & Type Explained 🪄: Kind: captions Language: en If you still install such flower and leaf curtains in your house, I will set them on fire. In this video I am going to share types of curtains, installation process, measurements and fabric. But not as a joke, literally. If we differentiate curtains only on the basis of their optics, that is, how much light can enter the room after installing it, then we have a total of four options. First comes the Share Curtain. After installing this, maximum natural light comes inside the room. That means almost 80%. Light filtering curtains are slightly denser than this. Only up to 70% sunlight can pass through it. The third is room darkening curtain, which allows very little light to enter the room, i.e. up to 20 to 30%. And fourth is blackout curtains. Through this, maximum only 10 to 15% light can pass. Now, after hearing about blackout curtains, don't assume that these are simple curtains. You can also customize or directly purchase curtains with such patterns. Now many of you might be thinking that blackout curtains do not allow any sunlight to enter the room. Why install curtains that do not give you any natural light? Yes true. But actually, harsh sunlight can cause your wooden flooring or furniture to fade in the long term. That is why it is important to use blackout curtains. Especially if your space has such fully glazed windows or south facing windows because they allow maximum direct sunlight. Now sometimes along with blackout curtains, some natural light is also needed. Now in such cases we use sheer [music] curtains. It is used with blackout curtains. This will provide protection from UV rays and also provide natural light. Now, apart from traditional curtains, if you are wondering what would be the best treatment for a small window, then I would suggest you can go with roller blinds or Roman curtains. This will maintain the overall look of your space and also give you the best treatment for small windows. Now let us understand the different types of curtains. In which the first is grommet curtains which have two types. First is the eyelid. [MUSIC] This is the most common type. In this, ring is provided in such courts. The second is pleated curtains that are hung on tracks. There are many types of plated curtains. Such as Taylor pleat, pinch pleat, inverted, goblet and French [MUSIC] pleat. The most popular choice among all these is three pleat curtains. Now the second type is double panel curtains. Just like I recommended you. You can pair and use blackout curtains and sheer curtains together. So now you will understand how to pair it. In this you have to set both the curtains in two different layers. With this you can adjust both the curtains at one time according to your need. In this, the first visible layer outward i.e. in the room will be black out curtains. And in its second layer, sheer curtain will be used on the outside. It can be accessed like this. If you have any confusion regarding curtains or any query related to layout, material or colour combination in your space, you can ask me on a one to one video call. Where I will myself clear all your queries. And you will find the link to book a consultation in the description. Which color should be selected for curtains ? This is the most common question. So, as I told you in this color wheel video , how can you select the right color for your space ? Which I will explain here in short. You can select three colors in a room's color palette. One that will be used in 60% of the area of the entire room. Secondary color which occupies 30% area. [Music] And third is the accent color that you can use in decor. Now for curts you can select the primary or secondary color of your space. Try to go mostly with neutrals like beige, [music] cream, shades of grey or brown or you can choose some darker colours in digital prints which will be your accent [music] colour. Now it is also important to select the best fabric for the kurtas. Because curtains occupy almost a full wall in your space. That's why both maintenance and [musical] look have to be kept in mind while selecting its fabric. The first option is silk. This fabric is very rich. And it looks perfect in all rooms. The second evergreen option is cotton. Although it is quite easy to maintain it. But if the curtain is of lighter color then finger stains can be visible on it. Third is the most durable and easy to maintain polyester. It is the easiest to clean and maintain. Fourth, velvet is a luxurious looking fabric but it is very high maintenance and its look is also very heavy. So if you are not achieving a high end glamour look at all then you do not need it. The fifth fabric is linen. It looks the most light and airy. But linen is also an expensive material [MUSIC] with high maintenance. This is a perfect choice for both themes. And the sixth [music] fabric is the jacket which again gives a very classy look. This also requires some maintenance. But it's a great choice for Kurts. While installing curtains, always extend the curtain rod by 6 inches on both sides so that you get proper view and sunlight. If there is a full length window, then take the curtains only up to the height of the skirting so that the curtains do not get damaged from the bottom during cleaning. Now you might be wondering whether it is necessary to take such payments for curtains? Look, it's not necessary. But if you are going to buy Rhodes kurtas then it would be better to consider this. Because with this you will be able to hide the top part of the curtains. And if you are not adding pelmets at all, then you can hang curtains with such channels from the ceiling. These look very beautiful and add volume to your space. You can buy curtains online from IKYA, Drape Story, Neede, Amazon, Flipkart, Urban Leader, Cotton Culture and Facebook India. If I have been able to help you even a little in your curtain selection process through this video, then please like the video. Share this with your friends and family and don't forget to subscribe to the channel and press the bell icon for more such interior videos. Here are some of our previous videos which will help you a lot in designing the interior of your space. Keep designing beautiful spaces and I will see you in the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ritesh3767 [10 likes]: Aag laga dungi 😂😂
Control Mam control
  2. @bhaveshsalvi4437 [1 likes]: Must say you added value to my curtain installations journey
  3. @pratikshashakya2330 [1 likes]: 😂😂
  4. @FloorFurnishings [1 likes]: Choosing the right curtains enhances your home’s floor & furnishings style while improving comfort and privacy. Start with fabric—cotton and linen suit casual spaces, velvet and silk add luxury, and blackout fabric is ideal for bedrooms. Select colors that match your walls or complement furniture; neutrals are versatile, while bold shades create a statement. Consider types like sheer curtains for soft light, eyelet for a modern look, pleated for classic appeal, or layered styles for flexibility. Ensure curtains are wide enough and preferably floor-length for elegance. Proper measurement and coordination with your décor will create a balanced, stylish, and functional living space.
  5. @kritikasinha5055: AC aut curtain same wall pe hai toh without pelmet kya options hai
  6. @Akashkaushal77: Way of communication is just  lit🔥
  7. @sporttourer5512: Thanks
  8. @itsnowshin5996: Can I take your video script and make a make a new video with different clips and Bangla language?
  9. @xiaomistore433: You helped me a lot. ❤
  10. @neerajjaiswal6420: आग लगाने के लिए घर आना पड़ेगा 😂
  11. @shubhamharit6018: curtains leliye hai bss ghr khardna baki h😂
  12. @fandry-y2o: Madam आपकी आवाज बहोत हटके हैं, मजा आता है सुनने में
  13. @Pardaaz: Channle ke liye curtain kaha milega ?
  14. @SurajRoy: For drawing room, should i use same design curtains for both windows and doors ? or window and door curtains should be different ? i bought beige with small leafs printed in light gold color .. now what should i choose for door ?
  15. @sushantmorye3834: Violence, violence, violence—I avoid, but violence likes me. I can't avoid.
  16. @sheelamishra2412: Love the way you explain things. Your efforts have earned you one more subscriber.
  17. @sreejakodam9154: Informative
  18. @varsharaj4161: This helped so much! Thanks a ton :)
  19. @nehaparkar: This was such a fabulous video : crisp, so clearly explained and so informative ! Great great great job ! :)
  20. @PrashantSingh-f6v: buying curtains is simple and smart: measure accurately, choose curtains based on light control and privacy, match them with your interior style, and prefer high-quality, sustainable fabrics. For the best fit, design, and service, many homeowners choose trusted stores like floor & furnishings.

- Tips for Choosing Your Roman Shade: Kind: captions Language: en add Uptown drapes we want the Romans that you choose to be customized for your very own Windows e fabric is hand-picked and every window span is specifically measured to meet your very own needs but along with the fabric Choice it's also really important to decide how your Roman is going to be hung and installed in your space there's actually four different ways that you can hang your Roman you can do an outside Mount as a waterfall style and also an inside mount as a waterfall style there's also an outside mount with a front facing balance and an inside mount with a front facing balance let's say your window opens up into your room or you don't want to block your view or you just want your window to appear taller than it actually is we would recommend using an outside Mount and mounting it above your window and that way your window can freely open up into the room if your window has enough depth and you can mount your Roman inside and it lays flush or just comes out a little bit then an inside mount would be a good choice for that situation if you have French doors and you're mounting your Romans on the actual door a front-facing balance is going to prevent your Roman from having big side gaps these are just some tips to consider when you're ordering your own Roman Shades But ultimately the decision is yours so make it custom with Uptown drapes

  Top Comments:
  1. @fashionandluxury101 [2 likes]: Thx
  2. @laralarz6904 [1 likes]: Can you show how the roman os mounted on on the board on back version foe outside mount so it sits flat.
  3. @SnB_hobbies: Very helpful video 
Thank you
  4. @CurtainEquip: Hello. I really like your videos
  5. @CurtainEquipment: Hello. I really like your videos
  6. @wendyzeng-x4s: Hello, good morning. I work in curtain automation equipment. Are you interested in chatting with me?
  7. @AriannaAyers: Great video. Very informative, and well done. It would’ve been nice to include a link to The Store, or Co., and other videos as if you were, thank you so much for not begging to subscribe.

- Curtain Design For Home Interiors | Curtain Types | Blackout & Sheer Curtains | What To Choose When?: Kind: captions Language: en you are watching this video then you must be confused whether to go for grommet curtains or double panel Roman blinds or Venetian blinds. I know that sometimes you need sunlight in the room and sometimes a complete blackout, so which curtain will be best for you? Whatever doubts you have regarding these curtains will be cleared by this video and yes, see this list a little above. First of all let's talk about curtain opacity which has four types - Blackout Room Darkening, Light Filtering and Sheer Blackout Curtain provides maximum protection and as its name suggests, it will make the room completely dark. In Complete Blackout Room Darkening, only 10 to 15% light can pass through the curtain. In light filtering, more light than both Blackout and Room Darkening will pass through the curtain and Sheer Curtain will allow maximum light to pass through the curtain. Out of these four curtain opacities, Blackout Curtain and Sheer Curtain are used the most, so let me explain in detail where and how to use these two. It's crucial to understand the importance of blackout curtains, especially for modern homes. They control an average of 95 to 100% of external light, making them a perfect solution for bedrooms, media rooms, and nurseries. If the fabric is thick, you can use it directly as a main curtain. If your fabric is a little thinner, use it with a backing. This helps reduce the load on your AC or heater by controlling heat and cold. Thick fabric also minimizes outside noise, making the room peaceful. If your window faces south, there's maximum sunlight. In such conditions, curtains protect your furniture, flooring, and fabrics from fading due to harmful UV rays. I've experienced this myself. In my own bedroom, a blackout curtain that wasn't allowing 100% of the light to pass through faded within five to six years, allowing only 20 to 25% of the light to pass through. Now, imagine if a blackout curtain could be in this condition. If this weren't the case, how much damage would the direct sun rays cause to my wooden flooring and furniture? So, if your window faces south, blackout curtains are mandatory. These curtains come in multiple options in many colors and patterns. You can also get a customized design according to the theme of your room. The average cost of blackout curtains starts from ₹3300 per meter. Nowadays, it often happens that someone's house or office is in front of your window exit, due to which your privacy gets compromised. If you use only blackout curtains, the house will remain dark the whole day. In such cases, you can use sheer curtains. Its biggest advantage is that it gives you natural light as well as vision. It is a curtain made of translucent fabric and net-like material, which is mostly made of polyester, cotton, and linen fabric. Sheer curtains are available in many different colors and patterns. You can choose printed, textured and printed curtains according to your theme. You can buy embroidered curtains. Major areas in India experience extreme sunlight for six to seven hours, so while selecting your curtains, one thing you must keep in mind is that the fabric should be durable. The average cost of sheer curtains is Rs. 10000 per meter. Now you will ask that there is a south facing window, we need privacy and some sunlight in the house, so what should we do? You can use sheer curtains in combination with blackout curtains. Let me tell you how, but before that, one important thing, if you also have any doubts, big or small, while getting your house interior done, then you can connect with me on video call from any corner of the world. I will clear your queries myself. You will find the link for this in the description. Now that you have come to know about curtain opacity, let's talk about different types of curtains. First is groomed curtains. This is the most popular type which is best for living room and bedrooms. There are two types of curtains: eyelet, in which there will be a ring on top for the rod. These rings slide easily through the curtain rod, allowing them to open and close smoothly. The second type of grommet curtains are pleated curtains, which are hung on tracks. Pleated curtains also have many different options, such as tailored pleat, pinch pleat, inverted pleat, goblet, fringe, extra. The most popular style is the three-pleat curtain, which gives a very elegant look. Second are double panel curtains. Your question was how to use both blackout curtains and sheer curtains together. This is the solution to this. The outer layer will have a blackout curtain and the inner layer will have a sheer curtain. You can use it according to your need, whether you want natural light or blackout. If you are planning double panel curtains, you will have to purchase a track for it in advance. Third are Roman blinds. These look elegant and are the best option for blackout, but the only problem is whether they will remain completely open or half closed. Even if kept open, privacy will be compromised. Fourth is roller blinds, like Roman blinds. When opened, layers are created. In roller blinds, the entire curtain will roll onto the track. These are mostly used. Fifth is Venetian blinds. These are also commonly used in offices, which will also maintain privacy if needed. Sixth is rod pocket curtains. These are a bit old, but if you have a rented room and don't want to spend too much, then go for it. While installing curtains, remember these three things: choose curtains six inches larger than the window size on both sides so that your view isn't blocked whenever you open the curtain. If it's a full-glazed window, choose curtains up to the height of the skirting so that they do n't get damaged during daily mopping. And last is choosing curtains 10 inches larger than the window height. All the curtain types and styles we've discussed will look beautiful with pelmets. Now, how do you create this pelmet if you have to install both the main curtain and the sheer curtain? So keep a space of 8 to 10 inches in the pelmet, 6 to 8 inches for Roman blinds, 5 to 6 inches for roller blinds and 4 inches for Venetian single curtains. If you want to purchase curtains online then select from Aaya Drub Story D Decker amazonbusiness.in Don't forget these are some of our previous videos which will be very useful for you in designing the interior of your house. Keep designing beautiful spaces and I will see you in the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @viveknegi2514 [1 likes]: Please tell about curtain rods and channel
  2. @AS-xo3lk: Thank you. Do we have curtains which roll-open from bottom to top? If yes, where to find them, please?
  3. @RamSurya-h4i: Thank you very useful knowledge
  4. @GurdeepSingh-e3m7w: Writing ❤❤
  5. @lokeshsavdekar853: Subscribe karane jao to join ka option ata
  6. @FloorFurnishings: Curtain design is an essential part of home interiors, as it enhances the overall look and feel of a space. Well-chosen curtains help manage natural light, ensure privacy, and add elegance to any room. From soft sheer curtains for living areas to thick, stylish drapes for bedrooms, the right selection can complement wall colors, furniture, and décor. For quality and style, it is best to buy curtain from floor & furnishings, ensuring a perfect match with your interior design needs.
  7. @jobyjose6343: Which company's double curtain  pannel has the best quality?
  8. @mohdImran-ne2pe: Shereand balkout motorized
  9. @dr.mdafsaruddin3536: Excellent explanation   , Thanks
  10. @casperthelab: I'm sorry but audio is making me go insane!
  11. @dr.laxmishankerkushwaha6237: Very good vedio 👌 👍
  12. @wendyli-g3y: Hello, I think your video is great. Can we discuss it?
  13. @Superking-q1c: I am stopping towatch your video immediately right now as your audio sucks
  14. @TreeveniRangre: Audio nhi hai
  15. @helenmadre9891: Nice
  16. @sarthakgirigosavi2598: What if we use curtain track instead rod
  17. @mayurisalunkhe200: For soundproofing of room which curtain is to be use?
  18. @ArtisticTouch11: અક્ષર સારા છે😄
  19. @deepthyrajesh8110: Hi..I have balcony on the east. I have no issues with
 Sunlight  coming into  house. But at night I was like to have privacy. Bcoz there are other flats..But I don't want to use two layers of curtains bcoz it will reduce the space.. Plz guide..
  20. @syedhedayatali3166: Hey Ekta,
Can you suggest how can I install curtain tracks when false ceiling has covered all of the ceiling and there is no space left….

- Hurricanes 101 | National Geographic: Kind: captions Language: en (heavy winds blowing) - [Narrator] Cyclone, typhoon, hurricane. All of these names are used around the world to describe the most powerful storm known to man. Hurricanes are unpredictable but scientists have a through understanding of how hurricanes form and sustain their power. In the Atlantic Ocean, hurricane season peaks during the late summer months when tropical waters are the warmest. Hurricanes form from a cluster of thunderstorms that suck up the warm, moist air and move it high into Earth's atmosphere. The warm air is then converted into energy that powers the hurricane's circular winds. These winds spin around a low-pressure center called the eye. Which can provide a 20 to 30 mile radius of eerie calm. Encircling it is the eye wall, a towering ring of clouds with some of the fastest wind-speeds of the hurricane. Surrounding the eye wall are curved bands of clouds. The rainbands, often tens of miles wide releasing sheets of rain and sometimes tornadoes. When a tropical storm's winds reach at least 74 miles per hour, it becomes a hurricane. The hurricane then receives the category ranking of one to five on the Saffir-Simpson Scale based on its wind speed and potential damage. But wind speed isn't always the most dangerous component when hurricanes come near land. It's storm surge. Storm surge is caused when winds from an approaching hurricane push water towards the shoreline up to 20 feet above sea level and can extend 100 miles. 90% of all hurricane deaths are the result of storm surge. While hurricanes can cause mass devastation, just like other natural disasters, they serve a higher purpose within the global ecosystem. Hurricanes help regulate our climate by moving heat energy from the equator to the poles keeping the Earth's temperature stable. Over time, science has helped us to better understand hurricanes and predict their paths. Saving lives through early warning systems and helping us build better infrastructure to protect our cities. The more we study these complex storms, the better we can prepare for them and minimize their impact on human lives.

  Top Comments:
  1. @NatGeo [262 likes]: Hurricanes are unpredictable but scientists have a thorough understanding of how hurricanes form and sustain their power. What intrigues you the most about these powerful storms?
  2. @MatthewDuarte-v8o: -61ponds ##########
  3. @MatthewDuarte-v8o: Gatorade light
  4. @3errrrrrrrrr: Nobody asked but the tropical storm on the thumbnail is typhoon Jangmi 2008
  5. @M1iguy: 👁
  6. @yogiswara8702: Interesting vid btw it makes me has chance to make me a scientist tbh
  7. @CarolynForbes-y5o: 👽🌪️🌀 Hurricane
  8. @masoodkhalid21: ❤❤❤❤
  9. @jamestropicals2028: SO much better and safer when hurricanes just stay out in the middle of the ocean and not always hit land, can’t destroy and wreck the ocean, they literally do nothing to the water other then just blow it and make waves. Super devastating though when they do hit land
  10. @AlzainMohammad-g1d: 67 comments 😂
  11. @LaxmiPanthaAdhikari: 101 is the best
  12. @SacredPagesMS: Okay, nature, you can keep your "most powerful storms." I'll stick with my toddler having a tantrum, thanks. 😂
  13. @Regine-u5p: Hurricanes i see the eye wall but National Geographic is on talk hurricane in live we can't anything saved:
  14. @PeiyaNeina: I’m the newest comment 😅
  15. @madddog17: my teacher sent me here ....
  16. @Sabriah-n2m: School making me watch this in science 😭🙏
  17. @jessicasimplicioreis3824: Somebody watching??😅😅😅
  18. @DrFaust-pr8vw: The only real hurricane I've lived through was Isabel in Virginia, about a 1.5 hour drive from the Atlantic Ocean. That was a Category 1, yet it was still the worst storm of any kind that I've ever personally experienced. Isabel was a Category 5 before making landfall as a Category 2 in North Carolina and moving towards us, that power doesn't just disappear when it's lowered to a Cat 1 or 2. I remember watching the storm through the screen door, as an 8 year old, that was a mind blowing, fascinating thing to watch.
  19. @AedanAllison-br4lc: Whos here from wnc/helene
  20. @chipssquips1697: All hurricanes currently forming will be weakened greatly and significantly those manipulating the weather will be knocked unconscious when they wake they will be in state of shock permanently banned from partaking in weather manipulation their masters as well

- Hurricane, Tornado, Cyclone – What’s the Difference?: Kind: captions Language: en Aaah! Take cover! It’s a hurricane! Or is it a tornado? Or maybe a typhoon? How the heck do you tell the difference between all these things?! Well, fear not, because I have it covered for you right here. First, let’s get it straight: all these weather phenomena have to do with strong winds. Not my-umbrella-got-torn-from-my-hands strong, mind you, but rather my-house-got-blown-away-to-the-Land-of-Oz kind of thing. Yet before we get to the actual difference between hurricanes and typhoons, we must understand that, in general, they’re one and the same thing called a tropical cyclone. A tropical cyclone is a huge mass of clouds that gather in the sky and start rotating counter clock-wise due to very low air pressure. After a while it lures in moisture from all over the place, becoming bigger and more dangerous. This rotation may or may not become a trouble, but its main quality that never changes is that cyclones always form over the oceans or seas. Also, if you live in moderate or colder climates, there’s nothing for you to worry about, even if your house is right by the seaside, because you’ll only hear about cyclones from the news. After all, they’re called tropical for a reason: they only form in tropical or subtropical areas, because they need warm water to get things going. Now, if they’re all the same, why have different names for them? The short answer is to confuse everyone. I guess you’ll need a longer one after this. So, like I said, tropical cyclones may even not pose any serious threat to people. In fact, cyclones occur much more often than you think! But only few of them grow large and strong enough to become hurricanes or typhoons. The weakest version of a tropical cyclone is called a tropical depression. It’s a similar swirling mass of clouds, usually accompanied by storms, but the force of winds in it is not very high. The strongest gusts are 39 mph, which is a lot, I know, but it’s rarely the case. On dry land, such weather would only require you to close all windows and doors and stay at home. You can even watch the raging storm while sitting on a windowsill with a cup of hot chocolate. Still, if you’re caught by a depression in the open sea, it may and will be a problem because the force of wind is enough to overturn a boat, and a heavy rain with lightning doesn’t help the situation. When the winds are stronger than 39 mph, the cyclone is then called a tropical storm. This is a more serious threat, and you’ll do well to hide inside your house because gusts of wind might reach 72 mph. Imagine a car driving at full speed on a highway — that will be the force of wind during a severe tropical storm for you. And only if the wind gets even more powerful than that, then it can be called a hurricane or a typhoon. And here’s where we get to the difference between the two: in fact, there’s almost none! If a severe tropical cyclone with wind speeds of over 75 mph occurs in the North Atlantic or North-East Pacific, it’s called a hurricane. If it’s in the North-West Pacific, then it’s a typhoon. All the rest about them is the same, and a hurricane can even become a typhoon, or vice versa, if it travels from one area to the other. We hear more about hurricanes than typhoons because the Atlantic Ocean is warmer than the Pacific, and warm water acts like a fuel for cyclones. It evaporates from the surface and then condenses again in the cold air, forming clouds, which clump together and start swirling around with the wind. This way, cyclones can cover extremely large areas and transform into real monsters under right conditions. But what about tornadoes? Are they the same as cyclones? Um, no. In fact, these two can’t be more different. First of all, tropical cyclones only form in warm areas over the ocean; they can never occur anywhere else. Tornadoes, on the contrary, can form almost anywhere they please, both over sea and over land. But there’s much more to it than that. You see, a tornado is a swirling funnel of air coming down from the sky. It appears during thunderstorms, and it’s rather a consequence than a reason for severe weather. The column of air falls down to the ground, and wind speeds there can reach anything from 100 to the whopping 300 mph. Needless to say, anything that gets in its way will be hurled upwards, be it a person, a car, or Dorothy’s house. But despite its terrible power, a tornado is a very local event, and short-lived at that. The biggest one ever registered by scientists was just over 1.5 mi in diameter and lasted about an hour or so. Compared to tropical cyclones, which can stretch over 1,000 mi and last for days or even weeks, it’s like a grain of sand on a beach. By the way, cyclones coming to the shore can also be accompanied by several tornadoes forming over land. So they’re something like sidekicks to the big bad boys. Still, tornadoes and hurricanes (or typhoons, if you prefer the northwestern Pacific) are not entirely different, after all, and they have certain similarities too. Remember the swirling part? That’s the thing. Both hurricanes and tornadoes are powerful masses of air rotating around the center at high speeds. And the center, in its turn, is usually calm and windless — so calm, in fact, that it’s almost creepy. It’s called the eye of the tornado or the hurricane, and it’s basically the safest place to be when the phenomenon comes to you. Well, apart from being thousands of miles away from it, of course. Unfortunately, you’ll have to be really lucky to get into the eye and wait until the weather calms down. The eyewall has the strongest winds, and if you get too close to it, you’ll probably be thrown around like a toy. Also, if you’re at sea, then the eye is not safe at all. The winds all around the eye make huge waves crisscrossing the area inside, and your ship or boat will have a really hard time staying afloat. Not to mention that only the eye of a hurricane is safe on land; tornadoes are much smaller in diameter, and you can easily get in a lot of trouble if you’re caught into the eye of one by some wild chance. Have you ever seen the eye of a hurricane, by the way? Share your experience down in the comments! If you’ve been wondering how exactly powerful a hurricane could be, then you should know there are 5 categories of hurricanes according to the National Weather Service. Category 1 is just slightly more intense than a tropical storm, and in some countries it’s still considered as such. The wind speeds can reach 94 mph, which is a lot of force to deal with, but it’s not as if you would not be safe behind concrete walls of an apartment building. Category 2 is another story altogether. The wind blows at speeds of up to 109 mph, and that’s where the real trouble starts. The gusts are so strong they can fell trees and billboards in the streets, so it becomes really dangerous outside. Luckily, you’re still okay if you’re inside a sturdy building and away from the windows. When a hurricane grows to Category 3, it’s already a disaster. First of all, it’s big. Secondly, it’s powerful. The winds are reaching 129 mph, and catching such a gust is like being hit with a race car. That’s why this kind of a hurricane is called a major one. Not to mention that the rain and lightning add to the atmosphere of a cataclysm. It’s best to hide in a cellar or some other reinforced place and wait until the worst is over. A Category 4 major hurricane is something you don’t want to see with your own eyes. With gusts of wind up to 157 mph, it can tear trees from the ground and hurl fairly large objects in the air, causing lots of damage. The most recent Category 4 hurricane occurred in August-September of 2018, and it was named Florence. It traveled from off the western coast of Africa, where it began as a tropical depression, and grew in size and force until it became one of the most powerful hurricanes of the recent years. And finally, a Category 5 major hurricane is a thing to be avoided at all costs. In other classifications it’s even called a super typhoon or a super cyclonic storm, which says a lot. The most chilling thing about it is, of course, the strength of wind, and the most powerful super cyclone in the recorded history was hurricane Allen that struck the Caribbean in July-August of 1980. The speed of wind was the incredible 190 mph! It’s like a bullet train made of air and blowing continuously over a huge area! Well now, what’s that thing with the names? In fact, they’re not only given to hurricanes, but to all tropical cyclones that reach wind speeds of over 40 mph. And it’s not done for fun either: cyclones usually appear at specific seasons, and there can be more than one of them at once, moving in different directions. So weather services around the world give them names not to confuse them with each other. One other thing: some time ago, they only named hurricanes after women. Anyway, a few years ago, equal opportunity came to the weather service, and now tropical storms are named after both genders. Hey, if you learned something new today, then give the video a like and share it with a friend! And here are some other videos I think you'll enjoy. Just click to the left or right, and stay on the Bright Side of life!

  Top Comments:
  1. @BRIGHTSIDEOFFICIAL [476 likes]: Hey there, BrightSiders! What’s the country with the best climate, in your opinion?
  2. @irelvinfontana3423 [2 likes]: 🌪️ tornadoes: GO GO GO! GO GO GO!
🌀 cyclones: ye
  3. @phoebepickle508 [1 likes]: THATS not what it actually said it said “My battery’s getting low it will soon be my time to go the screen is cracked and i can’t see but i just hope you are listening to my little rhymes that I Made for you somebody out there that cannot hear my tune”😢
  4. @vchannel996 [1 likes]: Nostalgia😢
  5. @shashanemclean2024 [1 likes]: ive been in catogorie 5
  6. @Mermaid-h1u [1 likes]: Thank you for uploading this helpful emergency preparation video clip, BrightSide. You guys rock! Please keep them coming.
  7. @MayFlorCasabuena: el rino tornado
  8. @ayeshajaved3314: The scariest tornado is the tri states USA
  9. @Vader-iy8pf: Tornado 🌪️
  10. @SharkTubeYT: summary
Hurricane - a tropical cyclone in the Atlantic and northeastern Pacific 
Cyclone - a tropical cyclone in the South Pacific and Indian ocean
Tornado - violent rotating column of air that usually comes from a supercell
  11. @CartyZen: I came here because i have exam the next day
  12. @AnnieJames-d2p: But
  13. @AparnaTiwari-du9wi: Like hurricane
  14. @fofbelize9874: In Belize there was a category 5 name haty
  15. @juannataren3709: Me too I have assignment 😅
  16. @afriliarusmawati5503: Sisi terang chaanel is..
  17. @dawnroy5471: Copy of BE AMAZED
  18. @welshtransportguy: 0:44 while partially correct. Not all Tropical Cyclones spins counter clockwise.
In the southern hemisphere they spin clockwise
5:39 While also partially true, most people call it the eye of the storm

Also yes I have! kind of it was during a non-tropical storm also known as an Extratropical storm and I was in the eye of a weak Extratropical storm
  19. @Berrieclears: Ehem actually a tornado is a Karen 🤓☝
  20. @Oniixide: 0:44 ik this video is old but i thought i should make a minor correction; cyclones that form in the southern hemisphere rotate clockwise while those formed in the northern hemisphere rotate anti-clockwise.
This is due to the earth rotating and pulling the wind with it, so depending on which hemisphere you’re in dictates the direction the storm is rotating :]

- Types of precipitation/Different forms of precipitation/ Rain, hail, snow, sleet: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] we all enjoy rain but have you wonder how this water falls on the earth and in what form any form of water that falls to the Earth's surface from clouds is called precipitation it occurs in different form the type of precipitation depends on both the conditions inside the clouds and the conditions of the air between the clouds and the ground precipitation normally occurs in four forms rain sleet snow and hate these forms of precipitation not fall in each and every part of the world let's find out which forms are common in the area where you live so the first one is rain drops of liquid water are rain this is the most common form of precipitation rain can form when tiny Cloud droplets combine Cloud droplets can be millions of times smaller than the raindrops so a great number of these droplets must combine to form a raindrop which is large enough and heavy enough to fall to the ground if the droplets fall through the air that is warmer then the water's freezing point they reach the ground as rain rain can also begin as Ice Crystal the crystals melt as they fall through the warm air producing raindrops second form is called sleet it consists of clear and translucent particles of ice sleet started in the form of ice crystals from the clouds if the temperature between the clouds and the ground is warm enough these ice crystals melt partially or totally and become more like raindrops these raindrops when reached the colder layer of the air near the surface refreeze again it falls to the surface in the form of raindrop size ice pellets called Sleek third form is called snow small Flakes and pellets of ice make up snow snowflakes are produced when the temperature in the cloud is cold enough for water Vapors to form ice crystals the type of snow that falls depends on the temperature of the clouds light fluffy snowflakes form when the temperature is very low warmer temperatures produce heavy wet snowflakes snowflakes can form in different shapes third form is called Hague Hill is made up of round chunks of ice called hailstones hailstones form when drops of rain freezes inside a cloud with strong updraft winds if the winds are strong enough they lift the Hailstone through the inside of the cloud a Hailstone may rise and fall many times each time gaining a new icy coat finally when the Hailstone is too heavy for the wind to lift it falls to the ground the largest documented Hailstone waited more than one and a half pounds the total precipitation in a particular place depends on some weather condition too life temperature pressure wind humidity and other factors hope you enjoyed the lesson today please like share and subscribe to my channel thank you for watching

  Top Comments:
  1. @msbshabbirabadtabs9157 [3 likes]: Thanks so much best explanation
  2. @SasmitaSwain-f6j [2 likes]: Wow very nice thank you so much for explanation ❤❤😊😊
  3. @Swift_chip_gamer-error_144 [1 likes]: Thankd
  4. @SantanuMaity-t6k [1 likes]: Please convert you language in Bengali
  5. @raoganiithsai17 [1 likes]: 🎉🎉🎉🎉
  6. @abdenassermessouci6411: More than fourteen centuries ago, the Quran revealed to humanity the mechanism of hail formation approximately 1400 years ago. In the verse: ﴿أَلَمْ تَرَ أَنَّ اللَّهَ يُزْجِي سَحَابًا ثُمَّ يُؤَلِّفُ بَيْنَهُ ثُمَّ يَجْعَلُهُ رُكَامًا... وَيُنَزِّلُ مِنَ السَّمَاءِ مِنْ جِبَالٍ فِيهَا مِنْ بَرَدٍ﴾ — which translates to: "Do you not see that Allah drives clouds? Then He brings them together, then He makes them into a mass... And He sends down from the sky, mountains [of clouds] within which is hail" — Islam unveiled this complex meteorological phenomenon to the world centuries before modern science discovered it. Early Muslim scholars and exegetes understood from this verse that clouds gradually accumulate and merge through condensation processes until they reach massive, mountain-like proportions, and that hail forms within these enormous atmospheric masses before falling to the surface.

Modern science remarkably validates this ancient insight. Cumulonimbus clouds are massive vertical atmospheric cells reaching 12–18 kilometers in height in tropical regions, forming through three key stages that align with the verse's description: the updraft stage where moist air masses gather; the mature stage where rising and falling air intertwine to form a towering "mass"; and finally the dissipation stage. In their upper frigid layers (below 0°C), water droplets crystallize around condensation nuclei, forming hailstones that grow through repeated accretion of icy layers until their weight exceeds the updraft velocity, causing them to collapse gravitationally toward Earth. Thus, Islam demonstrated this scientific reality centuries ago, long before modern meteorology confirmed it, making the convergence between classical Islamic interpretation and contemporary atmospheric dynamics a striking example of the potential harmony between religious texts and scientific inquiry.
  7. @Ridhwan-i6r: Types of Precipitation Rain Snow Sleet Hail Hailstorm
  8. @Ridhwan-i6r: Evaporated milk Conestoga wagon Precious rings Collect your day going so sweet and spicy sauce for chicken wall
  9. @ITSNANA-r1t: is common not the tornadoes,hurricanesand thunderstorm
  10. @EdwinKahindi: Amount of Rain
  11. @AnshBhandariUK12: But nicely explained
  12. @AnshBhandariUK12: Yes you are right it is irritating and why it is added?
  13. @dinaahmed9309: India
  14. @KondaradhaRadha-dj5mk: Today my teacher teacher teacher date today's date is November 12 no everyone should like or else this is over only for my comments😊😊
  15. @MoizDetho: Mam where is drizzle
  16. @1757074: မိုးရွာတယ်။ 1:08
  17. @KelitaSaidi: Thanks nice explanation m'ama
  18. @Nose_xd-g3o: H
  19. @AmirKhan-oe6mj: Very nyc explanation ❤
  20. @Mydearbears-m9g: Mad 😅😂😢😮🎉

- Tropics Update: Hurricane Teddy, Tropical Storm Wilfred, the Greek Alphabet: Kind: captions Language: en hey there everyone i'm 13 news now meteorologist rachelle peard a couple of things have changed in the tropics since our last video so let's dive right on into it we now have wilfred we also have officially gone into the greek alphabet and we're still continuing to watch major hurricane teddy churning out in the middle of the atlantic here's a look at this wide swath of what's going on out there here's hurricane teddy toward the middle part of your screen we have wilfred here alpha still swirling out there since about earlier this afternoon and continuing to watch tropical depression 22. now we thought 22 was going to be wilfred but this storm kind of intercepted that name and took it and kind of finalized that list of names a list of 21 names that we have for the atlantic season and then we thought okay 22 is going to be alpha we're going to start off the greek alphabet and then around 12 30 the national hurricane center put out a special advisory saying that hey alpha we're going to be start putting out some advisories on this located off of the coast of portugal a lot of people i think were thrown off by that but here's subtropical storm alpha swirling off of the coast of portugal and of course the only time we've gotten into the greek alphabet was back in 2005 and we had to start with alpha then as well so do you know when alpha formed back in 2005. little trivia question for you as we start off this tropical update was it august 30th september 18th october 22nd or november 11th you can go ahead and drop that in the comments put a pause on the video let's go ahead and do that the actual answer is october 22nd now right on par with 2020 things are moving very very quickly today is september 18th when i'm recording this so we are a month ahead of when alpha formed back in 2005. so we'll see how far we can get into the greek alphabet for this year back in 2005 they got to zeta here's a look at subtropical storm alpha of course there's poltergeist there there's spain and also we're looking at other parts of western europe at this point subtropical storm alpha 50 mile an hour wind advisory at 12 30 this was the initial advisory not lasting very long it's going to move through parts of portugal over parts of northwestern spain and then coming off the northern coast of spain as a remnant no or a trop subtropical depression what's the difference between a subtropical storm and a tropical storm a subtropical storm is more of a hybrid between the tropical characteristics and non-tropical characteristics so when we're talking about a subtropical storm they can form over tropical and subtropical waters anywhere from the equator to 50 degrees north also the strongest winds typically away from the center of the storm and it's less symmetric when it comes to that wind field versus a tropical system here's a look at hurricane teddy continuing to swirl something you might be noticing from yesterday to today is that that eye not as well defined and not as clear in the center some of those clouds have started to fill in just a little bit but still a major very powerful hurricane take a look at this this is just another view of that infrared satellite which shows us the temperatures at the tops of the clouds some of those clouds are the temperatures at the tops of the clouds are anywhere between negative 70 and negative 80 and that's we're seeing these white colors mainly on the western side of the system but again you do see that eye it's still present not as well defined but this is continuing to be a very powerful storm teddy's bumping up against a little bit of dry air in this tan color here but it continues to persist but we're moving into some colder waters behind where paulette moved through just a few days back and we're continuing to watch that area that is still paulette has a little bit of a chance maybe of some tropical development redevelopment rather so we'll keep an eye on that as wind shear on the uh western part of the atlantic basin does show a little bit where teddy is located and then as it heads closer to bermuda a little bit of wind shear could kind of mess with the storm just a little bit sea surface temperatures however continue to be very very nice for tropical development and that's exactly what these systems continue to thrive off of those temperatures going to be into the low to mid 80s as teddy continues to move through the 11am advisory on this system 130 mile an hour winds moving northwest at 12 which is great news for the people of bermuda because that storm is going to continue to move it's not going to linger close to there and the cone actually now has bermuda no longer included you do see it as just off to the east of that island but that doesn't mean they're not going to feel anything because this system it expands for hundreds of miles so the people of uh preparing for some sort of impact from either a high grade cat two or low grade cat three still very powerful hurricane going to be moving close to that area let's talk about tropical depression 22 now this is the storm we thought was going to be wilfred and then we thought it was going to be alpha possibly now going to become beta before the end of friday check this out we're going to be also become a hurricane as we head into sunday afternoon now this icon is for tomorrow morning as a tropical storm of course the next name on the list will be beta but we're keeping an eye on tropical depression 22 to see exactly when it does become that next tropical storm areas down toward texas and into louisiana are going to have to keep an eye on this here's a look at wilfred we'll get back to wilford in a second i do want to take a closer look at where 22 is currently located again it is feeding off of some very very warm waters check out these numbers mid 80s upper 80s so yeah this system could become our next hurricane possibly hurricane beta which i do believe we actually did see a hurricane beta in 2005 as well back to wilford very quickly 40 mile an hour winds gusting to 50 moving west northwest at 17 miles an hour not going to do much of anything this is going to be a fish storm very similar to what we saw with renee but of course it did get that last name on the list of hurricane names for the 2020 season prompting us to head into the greek alphabet speaking of the greek alphabet here's what we're going to be dealing with i mentioned a little bit earlier back in 2005 they got to zeta which was the sixth name on the list that was toward the end of the season i believe that was december actually that we did see zeta form so we're a month ahead of where we saw alpha so we'll keep an eye on this but this is the list of names that you need to know moving forward for the rest of the atlantic hurricane season things besides those storms still pretty active i mentioned the remnants of paulette so this is potent post-tropical cyclone paul led a 30 chance of developing within the next two days and within the next five days a 40 or medium chance so that's actually increased from earlier today so we're keeping an eye on what's left of paulette to possibly reform into something just something to keep your eye on over the next few days and we also have a tropical wave that's going to come off that western coast of africa 20 chance of developing within the next five days here's a look at the atlantic hurricane season of course that peak date was september 10th it's the 18th so we're still in that time frame of when we typically see most of these tropical systems form here on september 18th we have all the way through november 30th to go and potentially even beyond that in 2005 we did have some storms form after that november 30th date so yeah we'll see how far we have to go with the rest of this hurricane season of course it's been very active very historic lots of names coming out of this system lots of records coming out of this system as well so make sure you're staying tuned here's where you can find me on social media but most importantly follow 13 news now on youtube make sure to join that notification uh tap that bell for the notification so you are notified every time we post a nootropics video as we continue through the very historic 2020 atlantic hurricane season i want to thank you for watching and i hope you all have a beautiful weekend

  Top Comments:
  1. @faithdositinerarios7770 [1 likes]: ❤❤❤😊😊😊
  2. @dianawolf6875 [1 likes]: numbers are easier for me to keep up with than names or Greek alphabet.
  3. @faithdositinerarios7770: Pelwleñeñelrñrpfprñffñfñffñfñff
  4. @Soupiis: MY NAME IS LITERALLY WILFRED AND NOW A HURRICANE AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
  5. @Soupiis: ...
  6. @Youngsaint183: Rachel is the best operator and the news people to
  7. @PoipoleMujigae: What was originally going to be Wilfred was named Beta.
  8. @teodormilotin3797: B. September 18 2005.
  9. @usaball2963: 22
  10. @eastvirginia9420: What happens when you run out of the Greek alphabet
  11. @HamzaAli-eg3ud: September 18
  12. @phyrei9953: Knowing 2020, this season will probably continue into February
  13. @BobbyBessette: Haha she was gonna say join that notification squad lol or gang. 😆
  14. @thaejashby972: So I pause the video after she said the answer .... I got it correct guys October 22 😂🤣
  15. @UnknownPreacher2: Hello, have you ever thought about your favorite actor or actress or your favorite musician that maybe just passed away. Have you ever asked where are they now? 

If they knew Jesus as their Lord and Savior, then they are with Him, in Paradise. If they don't know the Lord then they are not with Him. They are in Haydes or hell. Where ever they went, their still there. There's no reprieve, no parole. It's an eternal sentence.

  Ask yourself where will you spend eternity?

All you have to do is invite Jesus into your heart. We all have sinned (missed the mark) and come short of the glory of God.Confess your a sinner and ask the Lord to forgive you and come into your life.He will do wonderful things. When you ask, believe. Ask in Jesus name. There is no other name whereby we must be saved. Jesus said "I am the way, the truth and the life, no one comes to the Father except by me.
Where will you spend eternity ?
Time is getting short. Don't wait.
  16. @George-dm4uf: This lady is really great at what she does. Bravo!
  17. @austinharding9734: hurricane Omicron Persei 8
  18. @treciamckenzye5234: To many hurricane in one year and the earth was on a rest because of covid   Lord help us
  19. @jetsteeltherealdeal7827: Teddy P
  20. @jermaine588: Man this is insane all this activity back to back and the same time and this close to each other it's getting crazy 😳

- What's a Hurricane? | Weather Science | SciShow Kids: Kind: captions Language: en It’s summer where Squeaks and I live, which means we’ve had a lot of thunderstorms lately! Summer thunderstorms usually have rain, thunder, and lightning, and sometimes strong, gusty winds. Sometimes the power even goes out! Good thing Squeaks and I keep a flashlight here just in case! But some areas of the world experience a really extreme kind of storm: a hurricane. Hurricanes are big, powerful storms that have strong winds. And I mean strong— In order to be considered a hurricane, a storm’s winds have to be blowing faster than 119 kilometers an hour. That’s faster than a car zooming down the highway! Sometimes you’ll also hear this kind of storm called a cyclone or a typhoon, but they’re just different names for the same thing. From outer space, many hurricanes look like this: big, swirling storms that have a really cool shape. [Squeaks squeaks] That’s right, Squeaks, this hurricane looks kind of like a circle! The clouds wind around a space in the center of the hurricane, called the eye. It even sort of looks like an eyeball! Now, a hurricane’s shape is pretty cool, but it’s not the only thing that’s special about this kind of storm. Everything has to be just right for a hurricane to form. It’s kind of like a puzzle. All of the pieces have to be there, and have to fit together in exactly the right way, or a hurricane won’t form. The first piece of the hurricane puzzle is warm ocean water. The water has to be at least 27 degrees Celsius, or about as warm as a swimming pool, for a hurricane to form. The warm water causes the air above it to warm up and rise high into the sky The warm air very humid, which means that there’s a lot of water in it. This warm, moist air rises high into the sky from the warm water below. As the air rises into the sky, other air rushes in to take its place. The air that rushes in gets warm and humid, too, and then it rises high into the sky as well. As the air rises, it cools, and clouds start to form—lots of them! High in the sky is also where we find the second thing that’s important for making a hurricane: wind. And not just any wind. The wind that helps make a hurricane has to be calm and steady. It can’t be the kind of wind that blows really hard for a moment or two, then calms down again. If there are sudden gusts like that, the storm can get blown apart, like how a candle gets blown out. But if there’s warm, damp air along with those steady winds, and it stays like that for a few days, the rest of the pieces that make up a hurricane fall into place. The steady winds push the growing storm over the ocean, and the warm water gives the storm energy. It causes more air to rise, more clouds to form, and the winds inside the hurricane to become stronger. In fact, the only place that it’s not very windy is the hurricane’s eye. It’s actually very calm in the eye — even though it’s right in the middle of the storm! As it grows, the hurricane also starts to turn. It spins around, with the eye in the center, kind of like a top. As long as hurricanes have that warm air for fuel, they can keep going … and keep growing! But when they reach land, or pass over cooler water, they lose their warm air, so they start to fall apart. Hurricanes usually leave behind a lot of rain, though. Sometimes the rain can last for days! They also can can push a lot of ocean water onto the shore, which can cause floods. But people can prepare for hurricanes, especially if they know when they’re going to happen. For example, most hurricanes near North America happen between May and November every year, because that’s when the different pieces that make a hurricane fit together the best. And scientists have lots of tools to try and track hurricanes — they use what they know about science to make really good guesses about where they’ll pop up, where they’ll go, how big they’ll be, and how long they’ll last. In places where hurricanes happen a lot, they usually build buildings in special ways so they won’t get damaged by the strong winds or flooding water. And if you live or go on vacation in a place where hurricanes might happen, you can be prepared, too! You can talk to grownups about what you can do if a hurricane happens. That might mean like bringing in things from outside to protect them from strong winds, or it might mean helping to prepare a kit with food and water, flashlights, and a radio. Speaking of flashlights, I know mine could use some new batteries. C’mon, Squeaks, let’s go to the store. Thanks for joining us for this episode of SciShow Kids! If you want to watch more videos with me and Squeaks and you’re watching this on YouTube, you can click the red subscribe button.

- Homeowners across Florida are receiving notices of non-renewal or cancellation | WFTV: Kind: captions Language: en well right now we're in orlando at the home of a guy named paul who has been dealing with an insurance situation where he's got a little bit of an older home and he's had his insurance canceled a couple of different times yeah i guess if you want to talk to us how long you've lived here and why did you move into this house here yeah so we moved here to our house in 2013 right before our my oldest daughter started high school so she'd go to boone high school and we love the neighborhood in all your years have you ever had an issue with your insurance being dropped or canceled or anything like that no we've owned a home now our other homeowner for 16 years and now this one we've owned for nine years and have never had an issue prior to this of insurance cancelling in all those years he never had his homeowners insurance cancelled until the middle of last year it's now been canceled three times most recently because of the age of his roof it's a slope that goes into a flat roof and that's like the main room he realizes at 15 years old the roof is nearing the end of its life yeah when we were shopping it around what we found is that many companies won't ensure older homes this home was built in 1952. it's a great house and but many companies just won't insure older homes and so my options are limited in terms of how many companies would even consider ensuring a home of this age i first thought that this could potentially be a story because this is something that happened to me my insurance company decided that it was going to limited exposure here and decided to not renew our insurance and when i was shopping around for insurance i ran into same situation as paul that a lot of the insurance companies did not want to insure me because i had an older roof and if they were going to insure me the prices were literally going to be through the roof and they're trying to get that bill passed because there's no way around the other scenario we interviewed diana duran and she's an insurance agent who's run her business here for more than 20 years and what was interesting is she was telling us a little bit about all the claims that the insurance companies are dealing with that's potentially causing this problem here what has been going on as far as the number of people getting cancelled or renewed it has been overwhelming jeff for the last couple of years and i've been trying to warn so many of the public about what's coming she says there's been a flood of claims mostly for new roofs and lawsuits against the insurance companies there are over 380 lawsuits being filed to property homeowner insurance carriers in the state of florida a day some of those claims are from storms but some are from roofers who go door to door telling homeowners they have damage and convincing them to file claims for roof replacements the lawsuits come after claims are denied last year by the third quarter which was around september insurance carriers had already paid out over 2 billion dollars in homeowner insurance claims without a hurricane in the state of florida attorneys who win cases can collect up to 30 times the claim amount in fees durant says that has put some insurers out of business and many others are either pulling out of florida or looking to limit their risk especially when it comes to roofs it's become a real issue people are getting non-renewed or they're being told have you replaced your roof prior to the renewal if not you have one year to replace it in some cases so it's becoming increasingly more difficult for insurance companies to be able to absorb that risk she says some companies will no longer insure a home with a roof that's more than 10 years old we went to go talk to doug wallace he's a guy who really has a lot of knowledge about roofs he worked in the roofing industry for quite a while and then i think he told us about 35 years ago he started his own roofing consulting company where they actually go out and inspect roofs and often served as witnesses and experts in the field i have expected over 50 000 roofs and stopped counting it's happening now he says is unprecedented with real hurricane and other storm claims and what he believes are many fraudulent roof claims in recent years he understands why insurers are doing what they're doing we look at them all the time they don't need to be replaced they have minimally five six eight years left in them and the people are being put in a financial situation where they have to come up with fifteen twenty thousand dollars per roof it's very tough i thought that was a really interesting perspective because it tells you that the homeowners are the ones who are having to shell out money for a new roof when perhaps they actually still have life left in the roof people like paul alexander who have to pay out of pocket for a new roof immediately just so they can find a company to ensure they're home yeah i just signed a contract yesterday to buy a brand new roof and i'm trying to get it on as quick as possible so that hopefully i can stay insured i think it is an important story because it shows what's going on and people that we talk to not just doug but even the insurance agents are saying this is kind of an unprecedented time they've never seen anything like this where they're having to deal with all these issues where people aren't being covered where roofs still have life left in them where the homeowners are the ones ultimately in the end that are having to pay the bill hi i'm greg warmuth thank you for taking a look at our content here on youtube if you like what you see make certain that you like and subscribe to our youtube page

  Top Comments:
  1. @waynedillon2012 [8 likes]: When someone knocks on the homeowner's door and offers them a free roof paid for by their insurance company, people say yes. That raises the cost of insurance for EVERYONE. As insurance companies figure out which roof ages are likely to get that yes from the homeowner, they make their maximum roof age lower than that number. Insurance is a for profit business and the homeowners insurance industry hasn't made a profit in 5 years. 

The legislature can ease this by allowing companies to pay wind and hail roof claims at actual cash value rather than replacement cost, after all, a roof is a wear item like the tires on your car. Additionally, allowing insurers to pay claims reported more than 6 months after the date of loss at ACV would limit the effect of the roof sales people knocking on every door in the neighborhood. 

The DFS is receiving hundreds of fraud complaints from insurance companies, they have chosen not to act upon those complaints.

The people that are being negatively impacted are the people who pay for their own home maintenance, the agents that are losing their contracts with carriers because of unacceptable loss ratios and the people who invest in companies in the insurance sector; those investors are leaving even taking a big loss to get out and that is also driving tougher underwriting standards. 

Homeowners insurance has become a wealth transfer vehicle, taking money from homeowners and transferring it to the trial bar.
  2. @hawkeye5829 [5 likes]: I am an insurance agent. I have been writing homeowners insurance here in Florida for 30 years.  I have never seen a market like this before. Anyone who might need help let me know.
  3. @hndygrl [5 likes]: Roofing is a maintenance responsibility of the homeowner. The life of some roofing materials advertised at 25. Insurance companies are demanding that be reduced to 10 years. Who is right? The insurance company or the roofing manufacturers. The homeowner in this segment lived in his previous home for 16 years. Assuming the roof in the 16 year home was replaced when he moved in, he left the new owner of the 16 year home with 9 years of manufacturers life. If he didn't do proper maintenance on that roof over those 16 years, the new owner is on the hook to replace the roof. How old is the roof of the 9 year home he owns now? people buy homes and sell them when the big normal maintenance costs become due because they didn't plan for it. passing the buck on to each other over and over again and thinking insurance companies are liable is ridiculous. roofing is a permit required maintenance responsibility. check the public records to see when the roof was replaced last before you buy a house and plan accordingly. if you can't afford to maintain your home, you can't afford to have the home. if your house is on the market you can expect that the buyer will want a credit for a new roof if you leave the home with very few years of life left, or failed to maintain it properly. The roof lawsuits are hurting every homeowner now, so we're all paying the price.
  4. @krazykozey2259 [4 likes]: I'm currently dealing with this now. I'm in extreme fear I'm going to end up losing our house. My roof is plywood clipped, new as of 2018, and block home built in the late 60s. I have a recent wind mitigation report and have literally put every drop of blood sweat and tears into our home in Aripeka, all while my amazing wife was working an extra day a week herself on covid floors. We're in the process of doing a cash out and refinancing from the FHA loan we took out in April of 2019. I'm just at a loss for words on what to do at this point because if you were to see everything I did in 2 years all while on a budget and homeschooling our daughter you'd understand the fears I have. This sucks so bad.
  5. @apollolee1313 [2 likes]: It's always been that way the people that have tried their whole life to do good stay out of trouble follow the rules keep all the insurance you need we are the ones that always get screwed we get nothing for free not asking for it just some more fairness rich don't have to worry about it neither do the poor Habitat for Humanity will come in and rebuild your whole house for free even if you've been not trying your whole life yep somebody that work their whole life does not get a break whatsoever homeowners insurance health insurance car insurance can't afford to use any of it just not fair and I can see why people just don't want to try anymore
  6. @bernardscheidle5679 [1 likes]: Ain't capitalism great?  You wanted the free market, and no regulations on business.  How do you like your "free market" now Republican Boy?
  7. @apollolee1313 [1 likes]: About time they started talking about this mine went up $1,800 in a year DeSantis needs to get this under control
  8. @andrewdixon3538: One of the main reasons for our insurance crisis in Florida is the law that states if the insurance claim is more than 20% of the value, the entire roof must be replaced. Well that sounds good but how it’s working in the 2020s is that our society has changed. The fraudsters have come to Florida because reroof replacement is an easy mark. When the insurance company then denies the fraudulent claim, the lawyers move in! No wonder insurance companies are leaving Florida! This is a clear example of the law of unintended consequences! The Florida roofing law was passed at a different time. It’s actually hurting the people it was enacted to help! Again the law of unintended consequences. This feature of the roofing wall needs to be Repealed and the fraudsters will go somewhere else!
  9. @RealCptHammonds: Replace your exterior doors, windows and get a **steel** roof and you problems with insurance are over.
  10. @jameswatt8001: I know! Why don't Floritards consult with their fuhrer, the Oracle of Mar-A-F*cko! He has ALL the answers!!  LOL!!  Too bad they're all wrong answers! You floritards elected DeathSantis and

republiKlans too busy fighting culture wars who missed this crisis, all of you acted on the "values" of greed and corruption, and now you get what you get. It is right, good and correct.
  11. @philipscott2012: What about metal roofs in FL, how long before required replacement?
  12. @mikeforte7585: Nothing is free we all pay...insurance companies are not in business to pay claims but collect money.....when u see the person on TV tell u Dan got me 500 thousand....it didn't come out of Dan's pocket but all of our pockets....
  13. @timemachineeddie1146: Cancel Baby!
  14. @LibbyRal: So rather than go after the sharks that solicit the claims, or crack down on the fraudulent claims, they screw the homeowners instead. The law should require that the companies show they've shouldered the burden of stopping their extravagant expenditures rather than being allowed to dig into their customers' pockets. But that will never happen, just like the utility companies are never told no on rate hikes that cover expenses that should come from company profits.
  15. @phsx2890: What company has reasonable rate
  16. @AmericanConstellation: So good!  Cancel my insurance then!  WTF?  This is all about taking peoples houses away and flipping them for a huge profit.
  17. @CatManCatClan: Insurance is a government forced pyramid scheme! Just try to collect on a legitimate claim.
  18. @vblic: Then you have the solar panel folks. Misleading people on the tax credit.
  19. @carolhewett3756: Soaring house values means an insurance company has to pay out more whenever there is a partial or total loss. One would assume that an increase in premiums might compensate but perhaps it doesn't.  Why not replace the 15yo roof and be done with the issue. .
  20. @Juliankha: My azzz would be up on that roof too to their surprise!!

- Progressive sending non-renewal notices to thousands of homeowners in Florida: Kind: captions Language: en HIS NAME NOR THE NAMES OF THE DEPUTIES ARE BEING RELEASED AT THIS TIME. LOCAHOMEOWNERS ARE SPEAKING OUT TO NEWS 4 JAX ABOUT BEING DROPPED BY ONE OF THE NATION'S BIGGEST PROPERTY INSURANCE COMPANIES. >> PROGRESSIVE INSURANCE IS SENDING OUT MORE THAN 100,000 NON-RENEWAL NOTICES INFORMING POLICY HOLDERS THAT THE COMPANY IS QUOTE, REBALANCING ITS EXPOSURE HERE IN FLORIDA, TARIK MINOR SPOKE WITH AN INSURANCE AGENT ABOUT WHY IT'S IMPERATIVE FOR HOMEOWNERS TO REPLY PROMPTLY AND WHY IN THIS SCENARIO MORE FLORIDIANS GO TO ACTUALLY LAND ON THEIR FEET. >> THE PROGRESSIVE PROPERTY INSURANCE SHAKEUP PRIMARILY IMPACTS WH'S LL DP HOME INSURANCE POLICIES, WHICH ACCORDING TO INSURANCE EXPERTS ARE HOMES THAT HAVE OLDER ROOFS OR SPECIFIC POLICIES COVERING INVESTMENT PROPERTIES. WE'VE LEARNED 53,000 HOMES AFFECTED ARE IN HIGH-RISK AREAS AND THE REMAINING 47,000 ARE SEASONAL HOMES. INSIDERS ARE RIDING NEWSFOURJAX ABOUT WHAT THEY ARE EXPERIENCING AND THE NON-RENEWAL PROCESS. GARY WRITING AFTER RAISING MY RATES DRAMATICALLY LAST YEAR. THEY HAVE NOW DROPPED ME. I'VE BEEN MOVED TO A NEW COMPANY, BUT I HAVE NOT YET RECEIVED MY NEW QUOTE, MICHELLE WRITING US, OUR POLICY JUST EXPIRED ON APRIL TH. NO OTHER INSURANCE COMPANY WILL WRITE US A POLICY EXCEPT FOR CITIZENS SAVING ABOUT $1500, THOUGH. >> SO YOU ARE PROGRESSIVE CUSTOMER FOR HOMEOWNERS INSURANCE. YOU KNOW YOU NEED TO KEEP AN EYE ON YOUR MAILBOX. AND IF YOU HAPPEN TO HAVE SIGNED UP FOR PAPERLESS, YOU MAY NOT GET A NOTICE IN THE MAIL MAY COME TO YOUR EMAIL. SO WATCH YOUR YOU MAIL IN YOUR MAILBOX LIKE A RIGHT WAY. INSURANCE OWNER MATT CARLUCCI, WHO HAS MORE THAN A DOZEN YEARS IN THE INSURANCE INDUSTRY SAYS IT IS CRITICAL THAT HOMEOWNERS RESPOND PROMPTLY TO PROGRESSIVSO EYCAN REAP THE POTENTIAL BENEFITS OF A RENEWALS, A PROGRESSIVE SPOKESPERSON RELEASED THIS STATEMENT WHICH READS IN PART. >> WE'VE BEEN ABLE TO IDENTIFY A CURRENT PROPERTY CARRIER LOGGERHEAD RECIPROCAL IN OR INSURANCE EXCHANGE IN WHICH WE HAVE ENTERED AN AGREEMENT WITH TO OFFER REPLACEMENT POLICY TO AFFECTED. POLICYHOLDERS CARLUCCI SAYS SOME FLORIDA HOMEOWNERS THAT WERE DROPPED BY PROGRESSIVE MIGHT FIND A SILVER LINING IN THE MIDST OF THE SHAKEUP. >> THE GOOD NEWS IS THAT IN MOST OF THESE CASES, THEY'RE MATCHING YOUR COVERAGE AND THE DOCTOR BOLES AND THEY'RE COMING REALLY CLOSE ON THE PREMIUM, WHICH REALLY, REALLY NICE THING PROGRESS. IT HAS ALWAYS BEEN A COMPANY. WHO HAS ASSURED A LOT OF NEW CONSTRUCTION HOMES. >> AS SUCH. >> MOST COMPANIES RIGHT NOW AND INSURANCE MARKET REALLY, REALLY WANT THOSE PROGRESSIVE CUSTOMERS. >> NEWS 4 JAX REACHED OUT TO PROGRESSIVE INSURANCE FOR COMING ON THIS PARTICULAR STORY. WE'RE STILL WAITING TO HEAR BACK. IF YOU ARE A PROGRESSIVE CUSTOMER AND YOU HAVE NOT YET RECEIVED A NOTICE. INSURANCE EXPERTS SUGGEST THAT YOU DO CONTACT. YOU'RE IN CERN'S ASIAN IMMEDIATELY AND FIND OUT

  Top Comments:
  1. @joniaq6372 [8 likes]: We got a notice from them saying they would raise our rates if we didn’t get a new roof — ours was still in great shape and was supposed to be good for another ten years, but they said too bad. We changed companies, but they still wanted a new roof. We upgraded as demanded, the company had to come out a few times because a baffle they installed was not installed properly & we kept having leaks.  So…. We had to pay for a new roof that wasn’t needed, had to FIGHT the company to come out to fix what they did because they kept insisting we didn’t know what we were talking about & had to get a contractor in to prove we were right. We had to pay for the contractor but in the end, the contractor billed the roofer. Our house isn’t that old, but the insurance companies have homeowners over a barrel. Progressive LOST us as customers — for both our home and vehicles. I will get very angry if we are faced with the same problem in a few years. I believe FL should make it tough for those companies to arbitrarily decide everyone must fork out for new roofs — whether needed or not. Our last one was still up to code and was like new but we had to do as told or lose insurance. It’s a scam!    J
  2. @ceegee924 [6 likes]: Im canceling my auto progressive now. Insurance is a ponzi scheme
  3. @Shootskas [5 likes]: Insurance is a scam.  When you need it, it takes months or even years.
  4. @thud9797 [4 likes]: We're building a new house now on the coast and it will have a metal roof along with all the hurricane building codes and be insurance Gold Fortified as this is the best we can do to keep the insurance companies happy. I feel that owners of older homes in this high risk area will find fewer and fewer companies willing to take the risk on their homes. Definitely a shame but this is happening all over and will only get worse with replacement costs for damaged houses being what they are these days, it's a tough situation for sure.
  5. @bernardmacarius2635 [3 likes]: Not personal, just business.
  6. @fozzir [3 likes]: Why is Progressive doing so many TV commercials if they are dropping customers?
  7. @mnm2007 [3 likes]: That's your beautiful capitalism lol
  8. @FranciscoCortez12 [2 likes]: And governor signed the bill that makes it nearly impossible to sue the insurance companies in FL, saying it will decrease the rate. Now insurance companies are the only winners, demanding everything new on the house when its not needed only so they can charge you but dont pay you. Really nice
  9. @brucenome989 [1 likes]: Thank you, governor Santos.You're doing a great job for the floridians
  10. @Alfred.E.Newman [1 likes]: COME ON MAN  its called  PROFIT
  11. @norm2264: Just be in a Biden illegal to get everything free they don't have to worry about Progressive they give them phones they give them clothes credit cards food bed housing
  12. @KB-ke3fi: Progressive is a criminal left wing insurance company anyway...this just proves it.
  13. @jazziez6467: no seniors are gonna move to FL anymore from northern states, can't afford to go there cause of insurance, condo hoa's, mobile home rent doubling, sky rocket car insurance, its just no do-able.  They count on seniors bringing their retirement, spend cash and are gonna miss us when the other old folks die off
  14. @interpol9871: Thanks to Republicans we the Floridans are losing our insurance coverage, because Republicans are globalist who are money hungry

- Progressive won’t renew some homeowners insurance policies in Florida: Kind: captions Language: en HAVE A POLICY UNDER THE PROGRAM, FEMA WILL STILL BE ABLE TO PAY OUT CLAIMS UNTIL ANOTHER SURE INSURANCE COMPANIES SCALING BACK BUSINESS IN FLORIDA. PROGRESSIVE NOW NOT RENEWING CLOSE TO 100,000 HOMEOWNERS POLICIES. THAT'S ACCORDING TO INSURANCE INDUSTRY PUBLICATION INSIDE P AND C PROGRESSIVE TOLD ON YOUR SIDE. THIS IS TO LIMIT THE CARRIERS EXPOSURE IN FLORIDA BUT SAY THEY HAVE NO PLANS TO LEAVE THE STATE ENTIRELY. CUSTOMERS WILL BE OFFERED A REPLACEMENT POLICIES THROUGH LOGGERHEAD INSURANCE. NOW THE FIRST NON RENEWALS WILL START MAY AND CONTINUE ON A ROLLING 12 MONTH BASIS.

- Progressive to send non-renewal notices to 115,000 Florida home insurance policyholders: Kind: captions Language: en AND. AROUND 115,000 FLORIDA HOMEOWNERS WILL LIKELY RECEIVE A NOTICE FROM PROGRESSIVE INSURANCE, TELLING THEM THEIR PROPERTY INSURANCE POLICY WILL NOT BE RENEWED. MARK FRIEDLANDER OF THE INSURANCE INFORMATION INSTITUTE SAYS THAT'S AROUND A THIRD OF PROGRESSIVES PROPERTY INSURANCE POLICIES IN FLORIDA. PROGRESSIVE INITIALLY MADE THIS ANNOUNCEMENT TO ITS AGENTS LAST FRIDAY AND INDICATED THAT IT HAS TOO MUCH RISK IN THE STATE OF FLORIDA. THAT WHEN THEY LOOK AT THEIR TOTAL PORTFOLIO OF HOME INSURANCE ACROSS THE US, FLORIDA IS TOO HEAVILY WEIGHTED, PROGRESSIVE SAID THAT NOTICES WON'T START GOING OUT UNTIL DECEMBER AND THEY WON'T GO IN EFFECT UNTIL MAY. BUT THOSE AFFECTED SHOULD HAVE ANOTHER OPTION. IN A STATEMENT, PROGRESSIVE SAID, WE'VE BEEN ABLE TO IDENTIFY A CURRENT PROPERTY CARRIER LOGGERHEAD RECIPROCAL INTER-INSURANCE EXCHANGE IN WHICH WE HAVE ENTERED INTO AN AGREEMENT WITH TO OFFER REPLACEMENT POLICIES TO AFFECTED POLICYHOLDERS OF A REBALANCING DECISION SUBJECT TO THEIR UNDERWRITING AND FINANCIAL STANDARDS. YOU MIGHT BE ABLE TO FIND OTHER COVERAGE BECAUSE THERE'S FIVE NEW INSURERS COMING TO THE STATE. THEY'VE BEEN APPROVED BY THE STATE REGULATOR. THEY WILL ALL BE WRITING BUSINESS IN FLORIDA BY NEXT SPRING. FRIEDLANDER SAYS PROGRESSIVE WILL ALSO BE ELIMINATING SOME OF THE INDEPENDENT AGENTS THAT REPRESENT THEM IN FLORIDA. AS PART OF THIS MOVE, THE COMPANY INDICATED THEY WILL NOT BE EXITING THE STATE, THOUGH WITH PROGRESSIVE. THEY'RE ONE OF THE FEW COMPANIES WHERE YOU COULD BUNDLE YOUR COVERAGE BECAUSE THEY WRITE HOME AND AUTO IN FLORIDA. WHEN YOU LOSE YOUR HOME INSURANCE POLICY WITH PROGRESSIVE, YOU'RE ALSO GOING TO LOSE YOUR BUNDLING DISCOUNT. HOWEVER, FRIEDLANDER SAYS TO REMEMBER EVERY POLICYHOLDER WILL GET AT LEAST 120 DAYS NOTICE TO FIND NEW PROPERTY INSURANCE COVERAGE IF THEY ARE

- What can homeowners do if they get nonrenewal insurance notice?: Kind: captions Language: en I met Joe Murphy outside home now facing losing hi It's a good roof still, b otherwise. It's something me happened to over 4200 last year. A lot of peopl based on the roof age tha file. Sometimes there's w uh, but the key is to tal agent and find out what s to do because if the roof shape. Then they definite on it. Robert Norberg is in Lantana. He says in so inspector to evaluate the around for another privat a little bit easier, Norb seem willing to take on m option to avoid, he says, insurance, a policy impos lender to cover the mortg with a higher premium. Fo people would want to run what happens is if the ho the bank gets their money

  Top Comments:
  1. @JoinTheJourneyToday: Republicans are bankrupting Florida residents. Doing absolutely nothing about it.

- Geomagnetic storms and solar flares, explained | JUST THE FAQS: Kind: captions Language: en Auroras may look stunning from here on Earth, but the geomagnetic storms that cause them could also pose a potential threat to our planet. Here's why. It all starts 93 million miles away with a tremendous burst of energy from the sun. These explosions can be categorized into two events: CMEs or solar flares. A CME, or coronal mass ejection, is a giant cloud of particles hurled into space. This phenomenon will typically take between one to five days to reach the Earth. A solar flare is a giant burst of x-rays and energy, which takes about eight minutes to make it to our planet. These space weather events only impact Earth when the explosion occurs on the side of the sun that is facing our planet. The explosions produce a gust of solar wind, which hurdles through space, temporarily disrupting the outer part of Earth's magnetic field. This causes a geomagnetic storm, also referred to as a solar storm. Particles flowing from the sun get caught up in the Earth's magnetic field, creating a colorful aurora, otherwise known as the northern or southern lights. The particles interact with molecules of atmospheric gases, causing glowing red and green colors in the sky. Usually only seen in far northern and southern regions like Iceland or New Zealand, a solar storm can wreak havoc on earth, but not in the way you think. While the atmosphere protects us from these harmful rays, a large storm can interfere with radio communication, GPS systems and satellites, can corrode oil and gas pipelines and even cause power blackouts. While scientists have observed thousands of solar flares over the years, none have matched the intensity of the 1859 Carrington Event. The largest geomagnetic storm in recorded history, it crippled telegraphs around the world as sparks flew from equipment, shocking their human operators and even starting fires. The solar storm created an aurora so bright that people in the northeastern U.S. reportedly used the storm's glow to read the newspaper at night. In the 21st century, this event would've had a much more severe impact on today's technology-dependent society. Scientists estimate that a solar storm of that magnitude today has the potential to cost nearly $2 trillion, affect up to 40 million people, and cause blackouts lasting between 16 days to two years. Solar activity, like sun flares and CMEs, fluctuates in 11-year cycles, and right now, it's on the rise. Scientists predict this stormy activity will reach its peak in 2025.

  Top Comments:
  1. @teamwhitebread2 [15 likes]: This aged well, here we are in 2025 with one of the largest CME blasts
  2. @fallout4206 [9 likes]: uhhhhh it was great until i found out that this video came out 3 years ago and that they will peak in 2025.
  3. @Allylsrfc [2 likes]: Here in the peak 2025
  4. @alidavisson5294 [1 likes]: Me watching this in 2025 a day after I saw red northern lights🫠
  5. @fnhfbjkdfhkjf9597 [1 likes]: It's 2025 nd that's right,it's in peak level ,but as I remember in 2024,we faced a big solar storm more than this year.
  6. @spiritualbe3712 [1 likes]: Oh boy…😅 11/11/25.. did we beat the odds?🤔😎
  7. @Mytmintymagic [1 likes]: "reach it's peak" in 2025... meaning?..😅 lol
  8. @coffeecat80 [1 likes]: 2025? 😰
  9. @helenaarbuzov3419 [1 likes]: 2 months before 2025, need to stack food in case we get a 2 year blackout
  10. @buddybestor: How about 2026!
  11. @joachimsrensen7666: A threat to our Planet? No, just hour electronics, astronauts and spacecrafts
  12. @Cabrasis: Omg donate to your closest politician!
  13. @SugarPlumFairy999: 2025 and we’re alrdy experiencing it lol
  14. @Kap-jr9gu: I think we fucked 😭
  15. @Sidosovih: I wonder why it has not happen in a long time . Is God very good with people?
  16. @JackBlack-ii1ip: Get into metric for astrophysics.
  17. @briannavodron6202: It’s June 02, 2025 and the solar storm is said to last until tomorrow. Just thought I’d give an update since you said they said the next would be in 2025 and here we are lol
  18. @izzahnadhilah3122: Thanksss! Nice vid
  19. @nathcuuu: Hi, USA Today. Thank you for this great explanation video. May I use few seconds of this video to be my footage for my task? Sure Ill add the source
  20. @alyazulaikha6998: 0:40 - 1:00

- Tropical Cyclone, Hurricane, Storm Formation explained | Cyclone Biparjay in Arabian Sea, Gujarat: Kind: captions Language: en in this video we are going to learn about tropical cyclones the first thing you need to understand is that tropical cyclones originate over oceans in tropical areas and coastal regions if you all know this is the tropical region it is the region of the earth near to the equator and between the Tropic of Cancer in the northern hemisphere and the Tropic of Capricorn in the southern hemisphere tropical cyclones are known by different names depending on the region in the Indian Ocean they are known by simply cyclones if you go to the western Pacific side or near the South China Sea it is called as typhoons likewise near Western Australia it is known by relieve Lee's all these are different names refer to the same type of storm you must be knowing this that tropical region receives the most solar radiation per area and the reason behind that is due to the incoming solar radiation that are direct and vertical at the tropical region and as you move towards the polar region the angle of the sun rays are not vertical they are slanting rays vertical rays of sunlight are more effective in producing light and heat than slanting rays and that's why the tropical region is warm now that you have understood the main things about the tropical region let's understand about wind movement when the movement is determined by low pressure and high pressure systems it is the differences in atmospheric pressure that creates pressure gradient and makes the wind move and wind always blow from the areas of high pressure to low pressure areas now the next question is what causes low pressure and high pressure low pressure occurs when air is warm either from being over a warm land or ocean surface that means low pressure occurs at a place which is warm and how does a place become warm because of the incoming heat from the Sun that is why tropical region is a perfect place where low pressure occurs similarly high pressure occurs when air is cool either from being over a cool land or ocean surface that is why in the polar region that is you're not in South Pole it is a high-pressure zone and always remember rains blow from the areas of high pressure to low pressure areas while all of this happens there's another important phenomena which comes into the picture it's called Coriolis force due to the rotation of the earth the earth rotates towards the east and that's why the Sun Moon planets and stars all rise in the east and go towards the west anyways due to the rotation of the earth there is a force that is generated and it acts perpendicular to the direction of motion and to the axis of rotation in simple terms when the earth is spinning in its axis from west to east and we also know that earth is a sphere and it is much wider in the middle as a result the speed of the surface of the earth at the equator is much faster than the speed at the poles so if anything has to come straight from the poles towards the equator it gets deflected to the right in the northern hemisphere and to the left in the southern hemisphere and this force that we are talking about is called Coriolis force it causes fluids like water and air to curve as they travel across or above the earth's surface due to Coriolis force the air in the northern hemisphere gets deflected to the right side now you might think no that is going towards the left side but then I said the air is going to curve to the right side in the northern hemisphere to clear your confusion you have to actually see it from the direction in which the when this moving so what I'm going to do is I'm going to rotate this picture and now put yourself in the path of the wind now you will be able to see that the air in the northern hemisphere curves to the right while moving from high pressure to the low pressure area similarly in the southern hemisphere the air is deflected to the left side while moving from high pressure to low pressure area in this case we don't have to rotate the picture now that you have understood why the air moves to the left and right due to Coriolis force just remember this point that it is because of this reason there are certain pressure belts all over the Earth's surface you must be familiar with this picture which shows global wind circulation pattern you can see that at different latitudes there are different pressure belts their existence is simply due to the movement of air to the left and right due to Coriolis force I hope so far you have understood the general movement of air now let's understand how this air turns into a storm and what causes the spinning of a cyclone when you look at the movement of a cyclone at the center of every cyclone or hurricane you will find an area of low pressure which attracts the cool air since we know that air moves from high pressure area to low pressure area that means the outer area of a cyclone consists of cool air coming from high pressure area which surrounds the central low-pressure area this region is called the eye of the storm or center of this storm the low-pressure region is a warm region where the air is warm which expands and then Rises the cool air from high pressure zone rushes in to fill the void left by the rising warm air this air warms and becomes moist as well allowing it to rise then more cool air rushes in to fill the void the warm moist air cools as it rises higher into the atmosphere because temperature drops with increasing altitude that is also how clouds are formed now this process continues again and again as a result you will see an eye like figure at the center of the storm now comes the Coriolis effect in the northern hemisphere the cool air rushing towards the center of the storm is deflected slightly to the right but keep in mind the cool air keeps getting attracted towards the center because that's where the warm low-pressure zone is while moving towards the center the cool air keeps getting deflected now this creates a spin in a counterclockwise direction in the southern hemisphere the Coriolis effect moves air to the left opposite to what happens in the northern hemisphere as a result the spinning of this cyclone is in a clockwise direction in the southern hemisphere tropical cyclones are intense and in the beginning we have read that it occurs over the ocean surface and coastal region because there is a continuous supply of moisture from the ocean or sea when it reaches the land the moisture supply is cut off and the storm dissipates when the cyclone crosses the coast because after that the landmass starts so the place where tropical cyclone crosses the coast is called the landfall of the cyclone meaning the power of this cyclone naturally decreases because the supply of moisture is cut off the average diameter of a circulating tropical cyclone can vary between 150 and 250 kilometers however the diameter of this storm over the Bay of Bengal Arabian Sea and Indian Ocean is between 600 to 1200 kilometers and these cyclones move slowly at a speed of about 300 to 500 kilometers per day so far we have seen the top view of a tropical cyclone and this is what it looks but eclis this is the eye of the storm around the eye is the eye wall if you look at the height of the cyclone the circulation of the tropical cyclone extends up to the troposphere that is around 15,000 to 18,000 meters when warm moist air rises up in the atmosphere after a certain height it starts cooling because the altitude as the air cools it becomes denser and move towards the ground this is called subsiding warm air and this is what intensifies this storm by increasing the diameter of this storm and as the diameter increases these spiral rain bands expands and pushes the rain clouds into the outer region tropical cyclones occur at the time of maximum solar radiation during the summer and autumn season that is around July to October time in the Northern Hemisphere and December to March time in the southern hemisphere with this I hope you have now understood the complete anatomy of a tropical cyclone if you still find it a little confusing I recommend that you go back and watch the video again especially the part where I said that the air in the northern hemisphere curves to the right when moving from high pressure to low pressure area and in the southern hemisphere it curves to the left many people find that concept a little confusing so watch it again if you understand the clockwise and anti-clockwise movement of the air then you will understand everything anyways I hope you found this video informative let me know your thoughts in the comment section thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @makanksha-o7e [2 likes]: Very well explained
  2. @ธนากรสมัครใชัย-ศ3ต [2 likes]: I’m officially smarter than I was five minutes ago.
  3. @Jr18-j1h [1 likes]: Geography is easy if u clear the concepts and keep revising but its the toughest if u dont revise because in my case I forget the most basic things for eg i getconfused even in the west to east thing...
  4. @tusharbasotra54 [1 likes]: USE CORRECT INDIAN MAP
  5. @SébastienSeth-r1e [1 likes]: I appreciate the way you explain In a manner someone understands and is quite informed 😊
  6. @NassrMohammed-u8l [1 likes]: Verey good information ‏‪4:41‬‏
  7. @AnkitMaddheshiya-o5w: Still best after 7 YRS
  8. @KevinAPamwar: Thanks
  9. @Amritakumari-oo9du: Aap kya ho, jo chijh mai varshon se nahi samajh paa rahi thi ek baar me samajh gai . Naman hai aapko
  10. @prashantarmo3154: Thank you, sir
  11. @sivery3801: This is excellent, thank you. I have been taught that hurricanes cannot form within 5 degrees of the equator as there is not enough ‘spin’ to initiate rotation. Is this correct? I would be grateful if you could clarify this!
  12. @nagendrabale290: Thank you sir🙏🏾
  13. @PrasoonkMishra: Thnq sir❤
  14. @Vivuverse0712: Warm subsiding air or cool descending air is similar or different??
  15. @RajeshfromAL: Well exlpained
  16. @purshottamsolanki4228: Nice explanation …one more important point I would like to highlight when cyclone reaches to the land it would not get moisture to rise …and this is the main reason for cyclone to sustain because latent heat release due to condensation of moist is not available anymore and the remaining energy at low pressure is not unlimited that’s why cyclone get weaken up and eventually led to heavy rainfall in it’s last stage.
  17. @Engineer_Ravi: Extremely helpful and Informative.... Thanks alot Sir❤
  18. @PrinceCabauatan-e7m: so I have to study
  19. @dwarakanights2717: Thankyou Amit Sir
  20. @KiyambaThiyam: If i'm not wrong  the speed at the equator has to be slow and fast near the poles, is it not? Correct me if i'm wrong.

- What's the Difference Between a Typhoon and a Hurricane?: Kind: captions Language: en the largest typhoon in history slammed into southern Asia and the Philippines today it's so big they're calling it a super [Music] typhoon hey everyone Trace here for D news answering a long held question and a lot of people's minds what's the difference between a hurricane and a typhoon we hear both words a lot they're both storms that get names the super typhoon hitting Asia right now is named hyen or Yolanda by the way the main typhoon believe it or not is simply where the storm occurs according to Noah hurricanes form in the northern Atlantic Northeastern Pacific and South Pacific typhoons form in the Northwestern Pacific specifically there are also Cyclones I forgot all about them which form in the Southwest Pacific Ocean and the Indian Ocean science likes naming things and they're very thorough basically there are three names for the same big spinny storms and one cool fact the word hurricane comes from the name of one of the Mayan Gods Hurrican who helped create the world no big deal other than location is there anything unique about each type of storm not really all three storms share humble beginnings as tropical storms each begin over warm oceans where there are high levels of air moisture and wind if the right conditions persist then these spinning storms will grow and when they reach sustained internal wind speeds of 74 mph they can bring torrential rain flooding and all the other Hallmarks of a big storm like that the location of the typhoon Cyclone or hurricane determines the direction it spins just being a typhoon doesn't mean it will spin in a specific Direction same with the hurricane storms can spin either way all storms forming in the northern hemisphere spin counterclockwise while those forming in the southern hemisphere spin clockwise easy peasy so what about this superstorm thing we just had one in the US last year with hurricane Sandy that became super storm Sandy and now Asia has a super two are those the same thing not at all I spoke with Dennis felin at the National Hurricane Center and in the US the superstorm moniker is completely made up by the media however the super typhoon that's a real science thing it's a ranking that's done on that side of the world and it means a sustained surface wind of at least 150 mph hyen is sustaining at 195 with gusts up to 235 holy crap in the Atlantic where hurricanes live they typically appear from June through November and there are maybe a dozen a year but the Pacific typhoon that can happen anywhere from May to December and there may be as many as 30 in a year we track storms around the world over at Discovery news.com so check out the storm tracker for more information and make sure you visit a disaster relief charity because your help is going to be needed soon thanks a lot for watching D news today

  Top Comments:
  1. @0P1UM01 [2 likes]: GET ready for 2029...
  2. @jjyahgo3482 [1 likes]: So there is no difference gotcha
  3. @Krispycloud [1 likes]: I think we're brother's bro.
  4. @cyndidacera988 [1 likes]: I was born after super typhoon haiyan
  5. @kumsy [1 likes]: 8 years later… thoughts and prayers to the Philippines
  6. @tienganhboivinglish [1 likes]: Vietnamese call it "Bão"
  7. @jeremyhodge6216: Thanks for the update ☺️
  8. @OOO-d2y: IM GAY
  9. @ShippingRefund: u serious? they should get lock up for this, filling up my brain with nonsense word for no reason besides geographical area, totally illegal.
  10. @maikahk1872: I feel like this dude was a child actor but I can't remember from where
  11. @pilot_bruh576: bro we get hit by super typhoons monthly now basically just call it a thunderstorm
  12. @elrifle24: That’s stupid. Lol they should all have the same name then
  13. @psychologicaledict: Yasss soyence
  14. @jbp9653: I remember that damn Typhoon 🌀 here in Palawan Philippines freaking washed out the bay area houses and knock down houses and huge trees.
  15. @arnelsantiago795: Simple......spelling
  16. @armychris9148: The word hurricane comes from the” TAINO” people get the facts straight
  17. @astralfluxaf: And now there’s another typhoon 🌀
  18. @jeruhdigiarts6594: Here because of Super Typhoon Odette
  19. @Juancastilo-i2d: I thought our hurricane in England is the strongest storm aww
  20. @OGSinisterPotato: Baby trace

- All You Have to Do to Stay Safe in a Hurricane: Kind: captions Language: en-US Hurricanes are the strongest storms on Earth. They look pretty scary, but if you know what to do in preparation for, during, and after one hits, you have every chance to weather the storm! But first thing’s first… - What is a hurricane and how is it different from a typhoon? Hurricanes are huge storms with winds moving at least 74 mph. In the center of this rotating mass of wind, you’ll find the eye. This is a small area of very low air pressure and calm winds. But once you go past its edge, the silent calm turns into raging chaos. This “eye wall” is the most dangerous part of the storm. It's a wall of heavy clouds with winds reaching speeds of 155 mph or more. Hurricanes also bring billions of tons of rain as they travel, and that can cause flooding. Scientists measure the diameter of tropical cyclones from side to side, and they can be as large as 600 miles or more. That’s about the size of Texas! Depending on where it's formed, this massive storm can be called either a hurricane (in North America and the Caribbean), a cyclone (in the Indian Ocean and Australia), or a typhoon (in Southeast Asia). - How do hurricanes form? - These gigantic beasts are only born over warm ocean water that’s at least 80°F. Such water temperatures can be found in the tropics. First, warm moist air rises up over the water. Then, as cooler air takes its place, it also gets warm and starts moving up. As a result, huge storm clouds form that rotate like crazy with the spin of the Earth. When there’s enough warm water and the wind is blowing in the right direction, this cycle will go on. Storm clouds grow stronger, the wind gets faster, and in the end, a hurricane is born. This usually happens 5 - 15 degrees north and south of the Equator, where there's more than enough warm water to kickstart this process. Hurricane season in the Caribbean and Atlantic Ocean starts on June 1 and ends November 30. - How strong are hurricanes? - The short answer is, hurricanes are strong enough to take seriously! The biggest dangers are flooding, rising ocean levels, and winds that can tear down entire towns and cities. But there is a precise scientific rating system called the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Wind Scale. It categorizes hurricanes based on sustained wind speed. By knowing where a hurricane stands on this scale, you can predict how much damage it’ll do. For example, Category 1 is accompanied by wind speeds of 74 - 95 mph, and it means minor damage to power lines and house siding. Category 2 is for winds moving 96 - 110 mph. Such hurricanes can uproot trees and break windows. This can cause pretty extensive damage, including total power outage. Category 3 hurricanes with winds of 111 - 129 mph are considered devastating because they can even break house doors. Category 4 hurricanes come with winds that are moving at 130 to 156 mph. They can tear off roofs and bring catastrophic damage. Finally, the strongest of hurricanes are assigned Category 5 on the scale. The winds are then 157 mph and higher. These monstrosities can easily destroy entire houses, making large areas impossible to live in for weeks or even months. - How should you get ready for a hurricane? - Meteorologists still find it hard to predict hurricanes precisely. The good news is that, since they move slowly, you’ll definitely know a hurricane is approaching. Make sure your family has an emergency evacuation route. Discuss a meeting place so that you won't panic if you get separated from each other. Also, make your house more like a fortress. Get storm shutters, make sure the garage doors are secured, and buy a generator to guarantee you’ll have your own electricity in case of an outage. And, most importantly, prepare an emergency bag for each family member. Materials in it should last you at least 3 days. Those things include 1 gallon of drinking water, non-perishable foods, and a can opener. Be sure it also has self-powered radios and flashlights, batteries, a whistle, and pliers to turn off the utilities. Finally, don’t forget to throw in a first aid kit and dust masks! - How to survive the storm? - If the authorities tell you to evacuate, don't try to be a hero. Just get out! Before you leave your home, make sure you turn off the gas and water to avoid leaks and flooding. Unplug all gadgets, including TVs and computers. If you have time, move things that are near and dear to you to a higher floor or put them on higher shelves to protect them from water. Fill your gas tank, pack your emergency bags, IDs, and a change of clothes. Then hit the road Jack, and don’t look back. Normally, that would mean going north of the storm or inland in case you’re on the coast. - What if you decide to stay? – If for some reason you choose to stay in the storm area, it's crucial that you find a sturdy shelter for yourself, your family, and your pets. There are community shelters in hurricane-prone areas like Florida. These places can help keep you safe during the storm. If you decide to make your own home your shelter, pick a room that has no windows or skylights. One of the biggest threats during a hurricane is flying debris, and it can easily come crashing through the window. You should close all windows and doors, and stay as far from them as you can, especially glass ones. A closet or bathroom can be good hiding spots for that reason. Another option is to hide under a sturdy table. You have to get into your shelter at least 2 hours before the hurricane is there. Stay inside, even when it sounds like it's safe outside. When it comes to hurricanes, the weather can change for the worse before you know it. Water and lightning put together are a pretty risky combination, so turn off your main breaker and unplug major appliances. And by no means should you use them during the storm! As you’re moving into your shelter spot, grab your emergency kit. There should be a self-powered radio in it, remember? You’ll need it to monitor updates on the weather. When it gets dark (and it will), don't use candles that can set the place on fire. Instead, use flashlights that run on batteries. Using a telephone is highly unrecommended too. You have only one excuse to do it and that’s to call 911 if someone is injured or in life-threatening danger. But if you’re in a hurricane, there’s a high probability that emergency services will be unable to get to you, until after the storm moves away. Unless your house gets flooded, stay inside as long as possible. If flying debris can break through your windows, it can definitely come flying at you! The only reason to leave your house during the storm could be to evacuate to your neighbor's house or shelter when your home gets damaged. The emergency services might instruct you to do so as well. - What to do after the storm? – You don't want to risk it, so you gotta be 100% sure it's safe to leave your shelter. The official “all-clear” from the authorities is what you should be patiently waiting for. Once you have power again, first check all the connections. Then, turn on the most important appliances carefully one by one and not all at once to avoid damage. And don't turn on electrical or gas appliances that got wet or damaged as they might easily catch on fire. Even after you get the “all-clear” signal, you have to be really careful when going outside. Depending on the category of the hurricane, there will be varying degrees of damage. But fallen trees, wires, and power lines are pretty common in any case. Flooded areas can also hide hazards such as sharp debris. In case a house or building you entered has any signs of damage, leave immediately – it can collapse at any moment. Once you've made sure your loved ones are safe, you can start taking care of your property. See if your house has any serious damage. Take photos and videos of it – you might be able to get compensation from your insurance company if you file a report on time. If the damage is so bad that you can't stay in the house, let them know where to find you and keep hotel receipts for reimbursement. If you can't fix it all yourself, try to prevent damage from spreading – cover openings with plywood or some other material or put some tarp on the roof. Don't walk into a flooded basement. It's likely full of debris and bacteria, so pump it out gradually by about one third a day. If you can't do it yourself, ask the fire department for help. Throw out spoiled food and disinfect any objects that could’ve been in contact with sewage, bacteria, or spilled chemicals. Basically, you’ve got lots of cleaning up to do, but at least you’re safe and sound! Hey, if you learned something new today, then give the video a like and share it with a friend! And here are some other videos I think you'll enjoy. Just click to the left or right, and remember: stay on the Bright Side of life!

  Top Comments:
  1. @BRIGHTSIDEOFFICIAL [110 likes]: Hope you'll never have to use this information, but do you know of a good evacuation spot in your area?
  2. @Trey2wavy [4 likes]: Me snd my bros in Hurricane Hillary 👌✋🫴🫷👈👇👆
  3. @timmytimonia [3 likes]: prepping for hurricane hilary i thought it wasn’t a big deal but apparently it is so here i am 😅
  4. @momofautism52005 [2 likes]: hurricanes
  5. @da.real.skygurlie [1 likes]: Thank you
  6. @milzgamez51 [1 likes]: Why is everyone where American. I doubt this is a coincidence. I’M THE ONLY ONE THAT IS BRITISH
  7. @Cristal26T [1 likes]: Watching it during Helen
  8. @francinecharles5047 [1 likes]: thank you, now i know how to survive a hurricane
  9. @Federica_Iaccarino [1 likes]: "If you want to be safe enter in a room without windows"
Me fr because i have no rooms without windows: 💀
  10. @JSmith-Not-Smythe-Dear [1 likes]: Category 1: Hurricane Dolly
Category 2: Hurricane Floyd
Category 3: Hurricane Katrina 
Category 4: Hurricane Charlie
Category 5: Hurricane Andrew
  11. @nakedibe463: ￼ guys there is a circle thing on the water  if you’re just a rescuer, please save us and a helicopter and put me and put me in America ￼￼
  12. @BerrabahYacine-d4y: 0:21 A Massive Tornado and Hurricane
  13. @milzgamez51: Can I have at least 5 likes and replies on my comments
  14. @milzgamez51: The highest number the rarest
  15. @milzgamez51: Yay. I’m in England
  16. @byronchavarria4954: We Need Solar Panels For A Hurricane To Protect Our Roof
  17. @flupmakintosh: We might not have hurricane in England, but I have seen cat 2 conditions for days in recent years. We tend to get Americans cast offs
  18. @shannontarrant.1538: I  got  a  phone  call  that  the  scammer  said  he  was  a  cop  and  he  had  a  warrant  out  for  my  arrest  how  rediculis  is  that  and  i  was  47  then
  19. @EllaC-hb6zb: Me who lives in maine 

This could be useful
  20. @SyDatNguyen1304: Don’t you know the hurricane category scale is broken?

- A Floridian's Guide to Living Someplace Very Very Cold: Kind: captions Language: en Good morning, John. As you know, I spent the first twenty-two years of my life living in Florida, where there are 43 million bugs per square centimeter and the winter is the best time of the year because you can move around without getting sweaty. And then, in 2003, I moved to Missoula, Montana, which was a shift. Usually hovers around the twenties and thirties (-7° to -1°C) in the winter. Sometimes it gets down to like a negative twenty (-29°C). That's about as cold as it gets. And there are lots of people who told me the secrets to living in a cold place. And their secrets weren't secret! Everybody told me it's layers, the secret is layers. Like, oh, I never would have guessed that wearing more clothes would help. But nobody said the secret is don't touch metal with your bare hands because they were like, "Why would anyone do that?" I'm from Florida; pretend I'm a baby. So, from person who has made a successful transition from living in a warm climate to loving cold weather, here are the actual secrets. Thirty degrees (-1°C) is not cold. I'm talkin' Fahrenheit here. Thirty degrees (-1°C) is at most chilly? The difference between sixty (16°C) and thirty (-1°C). I knew that that was a big difference. What I did not understand is the difference between thirty (-1°C) and zero (-18°C) is the same size! I just thought it was all: It got cold and then it was cold forever! No, uh. the difference between twenty (-7°C) and negative twenty (-29°C) is very big like, life-threateningly big. Cold begins when it is physically painful to have exposed skin. Very cold begins around zero degrees Fahrenheit (-18°C), and then below Very Cold we have what's called Too Cold, which is a temperature that you should not go out in unless you have become an expert in existing at that temperature. Number two: Walking on ice is something that you just get better at as you try to do it more, but it is very dangerous. These are called traction cleats. They're sometimes also called crampons, even though crampons are technically a separate thing which are used for climbing on ice and, I assume, also murder. They're not cheap, but they're cheaper than a broken arm. If you know it's gonna snow, pull your wipers up, so that they don't freeze to the windshield and then break when you try to chip 'em off. Gloves are not for making your hands warm once they are cold. This was very confusing to me. Gloves keep your hands warm. Put them on before your hands get cold. Also, this is a fun tip. If you put your glove on before you put your jacket on, it makes a seal between the glove and the jacket. It's all about having good seals. That's why I never understood scarves! I didn't know what scarves were for! This is a scarf, this is the easiest way to put on a scarf. There's like a thousand million others, but scarves are there to create the seal between your jacket and your neck. Also, you can sometimes pull them up and do one of these. Don't lick your lips a bunch? That's a disaster. My big cold jacket? 100% of the time, there's a chapstick in the pocket. December is the beginning of winter. If you're in the late January, where we are right now, and you think that winter is almost over, you are going to be very upset when April rolls around. Sunlight is important. If it's sunny out and there's no wind, it could be, like, T-shirt weather in the thirties (0°C-4°C). Also, seeing the sun and feeling it on your skin makes you much less miserable. Wind is much more important than sun. If it's - If it's in the teens (-11°C to -7°C) and windy, just give up. I'm not going to talk a bunch about driving except to say: It's different, go slow. And also, you need one of these. They're extremely inexpensive and you should probably buy two, because if it breaks, then suddenly you have a $15,000 piece of equipment that you cannot operate because of the lack of a $4 piece of equipment. Also, don't buy those super short ones, I don't even know why they sell those. I almost forgot an important one! Do not turn your heater off if you go on vacation. Your pipes will explode, and your house will be destroyed. Likewise, don't accidentally leave a gallon of milk in the back of the car... Yep. And finally, try to enjoy it! It's very pretty. It's a little refreshing, it feels very clean. The sun sometimes comes out and that's nice. Even if it's just a walk in the park, appreciate it! If only like a teeny teeny bit, because otherwise, you will resent it... a lot. John, I'll see you on Tuesday.

  Top Comments:
  1. @AwwSmmm: When it gets anywere below 10, tents are useless. Down filling is useless. Sleeping bags are useless... u will die. Its better to be buried in snow
  2. @jennieivins: As the East Coast and Southern US get ready to be buried in snow and ice, I am sharing this around again. You should do one for snow too, and power outages. Though I assume being from the north your infrastructure is better equip to handle those situations.
  3. @Holabella: Can u not put a blanket over ure car to avoid the snow
  4. @WillyMakesMusic: I moved away from the cold TO Florida and I never wanna go back lol I’ve had enough cold for a lifetime😂
  5. @sumankrupa8822: windy just give up. hahaha
  6. @ultravioletpisces3666: ❤❤❤❤❤
  7. @bernier42: Has Hank now lived equal amounts in Florida and Montana?
  8. @Casthenerdfighter: Just moved to the great white north and yup were squarely in the "resent it a lot" camp and trying desperately to move into "appreciate it even a little bit" camp
  9. @SoupEaterExtraordinaire: I know this video is 6 years old but it just got cold where I live and I guess youtube decided I needed to see this. I live about 7 hours almost directly north of Missoula, and for reference for more temperate climate folks, I describe Hank's Too Cold as the weather in which taking out the garbage becomes a genuine risk to life and limb. As in, I need consciously remember to take the garbage out during daylight hours (AKA pre-4pm) because if I slip in the alley way and break my leg when it's late and no one is around and it's Too Cold, there is a very real risk of actually dying. But you know, I still like winter.
  10. @simoneszent: Genuinely thank you for this video. I am 22 and am about to move to a colder climate after living in south south Louisiana my whole life! Also ily! You’re not just smart, you’re smart because you answer the questions everyone has!
  11. @ke6903-h2n: Thanks so much for making me laugh and feel better.  Was feeling down that in Melbourne, Australia it’s the end of Spring and it was 53F mid-morning.  Winter here ranges from 35-53F, but gets as low as 28F. ❄️

I love the heat, hate the cold.  Moved here from a tropical climate but now my life is set up here, I can’t really leave.

I know, I’m a sook!  Watching content from people in actual cold climates helps me feel better.  Thanks again, you’re a trooper.

Our summers do often get as hot as 104F - bring it on! ☀️
  12. @camerongarson9963: I'm a professional Canadian and here's my take. avoid crampons unless you're old or have some condition where you need it as an adaptive technology. you should learn what kinds of surfaces accumulate ice, what kinds of ice will cause you to slip and which wont ,how to walk on different Icey surfaces, how to fall on ice without breaking anything, etc. eventually you will have to be without them and if you've always walked normally on every surface then you're bound to take a bad fall.
  13. @bbens999: Hey hank!!
  14. @beatriceherngren7945: I have lived my whole life in Sweden and I have never known about the amazing glove hack!!!!! THANK YOU HANK!
  15. @krugerfuchs: Cold begins before all of them
  16. @krugerfuchs: Speak Celsius I'm from Ireland
  17. @ropefreeze1660: When you live in a cold place, this just looks like a video of all the stuff your mom told you.
  18. @motarted1735: Bonus tip: once you leave your bubble progressive town like Missoula, the entire rest of the state is conservative, has lots of guns, and you will stick out like a sore thumb and be an easy target.
  19. @Wadlebutt: I didn’t search for Floridians. How did they know???
  20. @EinStolts: I have a faint memory of pulling into the Cosco parking lot in Missoula MT and seeing someone who looked like Hank 😂

- Storm Chasing MISTAKES That Can Get You KILLED: Kind: captions Language: en There's a lot of content out there on how to pick the right target storm, but there's not a lot of content out there on how to navigate safely and effectively around that target storm. What do we mean by navigation? It's how you interact with a storm, what route you're taking to maneuver around a storm and its hazards, how close you're getting to those hazards, et cetera, and there are several factors that modulate how you should navigate around a storm. The first is your storm chasing goals. If you are interested in getting photography of the entire storm, if you're looking to get time lapse, or if you're just looking to experience the entire storm structure, then you may want to set up farther back from the storm. If you're out there to see tornadoes, experience their raw power, or you're just into it for the adrenaline that gives you, then you may want to be a little bit more up close. Every storm chaser is going to have different goals that they want to achieve with their storm chasing, and therefore everybody's gonna have different areas relative to the storm where they feel the most comfortable and where they feel is going to be the most effective for achieving those goals. This goes hand in hand with your comfort and skill level. All storm chasers, no matter your storm chasing goals, whether you wanna get close, whether you wanna stay farther away, all storm chasers need to have good knowledge of things like storm features, storm processes, how to read radar, mesoanalysis, et cetera, but if you're going to get up close to tornadoes, you need to have an especially good understanding of these things, particularly storm features and processes. This is not going to tell you to never get close. We're going to teach you how to do so safely, but you are responsible for your own actions out there, and you need to have a good understanding of your own skill level and your comfort level. If you're a newer chaser, maybe you haven't really chased before at all, or you don't have a great understanding of things like storm processes and storm features, then maybe getting super close is not the best idea right off the bat until you're more experienced. If you find yourself in a dicey situation out in the field that you're not completely comfortable with, it's always okay to back out and stay farther back. There will always be more storms and tornadoes. One storm- getting one spectacular photograph or video is not worth your life. Another major factor is the type of storm that you're chasing and the environment that it's in. The way you interact with a high precipitation supercell is oftentimes gonna be a lot different than the way you interact with a low precipitation supercell. Different types of storms have different ways that you are best going to be able to interact with their hazards, so that should be a significant factor in your decision making during the navigation process when chasing. Also, the environment that the storm is in. Is it an environment that may favor strong to violent tornadoes? You might wanna back off a little bit in those cases, stuff like that. Also, where you are has a big impact in how you should navigate. What's the road network where you're chasing? Does it have gridded roads? Does it have just a few roads here and there of questionable quality? Is the terrain hilly? Does it have a lot of trees or is it more wide open, and the traffic on the roads. Is chaser convergence high around your storm? Are you in or near a major metro area? These are all very critical factors in navigation for storm chasing. Additional seats have been added for our 2027 storm chasing tour. Link in the description So, what are the must haves for effective navigation? As we talked about just a minute ago, you need to have a good knowledge of severe storms, meteorology, storm processes and behaviors, et cetera. Things like what different storm features mean, how to read radar, mesoanalysis data, et cetera. You need to have a well-rounded knowledge of all these things if you're going to chase in any capacity. Whether you like to get up close or you like to stay farther away, a well-rounded knowledge of severe storms meteorology is critical for effective storm chasing. You need a good, reliable vehicle. You shouldn't be out there in a car that you're not sure if it's gonna be able to get you home that night. The last thing you want is the check engine light to come on when you're right in front of a beastly supercell. You need to have good tires. If you're navigating in and around a storm you're gonna encounter some hostile conditions, some rain, maybe some hail, you might be on some more questionable back roads, so if your car's tires are bald, that's not a great idea for storm chasing. You don't need a four wheel drive or an all wheel drive vehicle. I chased in a 2013 Honda Civic for over a decade, and it served me really well. You just need a good, reliable car that's gonna get you from point A to point B effectively and safely. Will a four wheel drive or all wheel drive vehicle help you out if you're on some of those dirt back roads, that may have been exposed to a little bit of rain? Sure, but that's gonna be a fairly low percentage of the roads you're traveling on when storm chasing, and maybe you're someone who doesn't like to travel on dirt roads, that's totally fine as well. In that case, and really in most cases in storm, chasing a normal vehicle- doesn't have to be four-wheel drive or all-wheel drive is totally fine. that's going to safely and effectively allow you to navigate in the hostile conditions that storm chasing presents. Finally, you need good navigational tools. We're going to have a full episode on all of those tools. Things like Google Maps, paper maps, et cetera, the pros and cons of each. Whichever ones you choose, you need to have good navigational tools that you can use at all times, and it's often good to have more than one navigational tool. There are so many apps out there that have maps that will help you in that regard when you're storm chasing, it's always good to have multiple sources of navigational information when you're out in the field. Let's go over the three main types of supercells, including their visual and radar characteristics. Starting with the classic supercell. Classic supercells tend to have a flat, rain free updraft base that is displaced from and adjacent to the heavy rain and hail of the down draft. In this example, notice how the robust precipitation core with heavy rain and hail is off to the right, and the rain free updraft base, which includes a nice wall cloud, is displaced from it to the left. In most classic supercells the area of interest underneath the updraft base, which is often comprised of a rotating wall cloud, which is a manifestation of the low level mesocyclone or rotating updraft, will be clearly visible and not obscured by much precipitation. Rotating wall clouds are often the precursor to tornado genesis, so any tornadic activity with classic supercells is often quite visible as well. On radar, a classic supercell will often have a fairly clean appearance, so to speak. Features will often be fairly well-defined, such as a hook echo and precipitation core, although not all the time, and just for some context, the updraft of the storm is located in the rain free region within the inflow notch of the storm. So, you can see clearly how the updraft is displaced from the heavy rain and hail of the precipitation core. Low precipitation or "LP" supercells often have a barber pole or corkscrew looking updraft with very little precipitation. Any precipitation that does fall is either transparent or shunted well away from the updraft of the storm. LP supercells are often quite photogenic. An LP supercell's updraft is located at the very rear flank of the storm, giving it that barber pole or corkscrew appearance, and oftentimes you will just see the barber pole updraft with very little, if any visible precipitation. However, LP supercells are known for producing large to very large hail, albeit quite sporadic. Tornado potential is often decreased with LP supercells because of a less robust downdraft to balance out the storm's inflow, but LP supercells can still produce tornadoes on rare occasion. LP supercells often look fairly benign on radar with oftentimes much lower reflectivity values than say, a classic supercell because of the overall lack of precipitation. However, again, that doesn't mean that the storm is not producing large hail. It's just a lot more sporadic. In most cases, LP supercells will not display a hook echo, but on rare occasion they can. The updraft of an LP supercell is located here closer to the rear flank of the storm, giving it that exposed appearance. High precipitation or "HP" supercells are quite different. In an HP supercell heavy rain and hail shrouds much of the updraft and the important features that are often quite visible in low precipitation and classic supercells, such as wall clouds and tornadic activity, making them very difficult to chase. HP supercells are often quite spectacular visually, perhaps with some striations or even a full shelf cloud spanning the entire leading edge of the storm, followed by lots of precipitation. All these grays, blues, and greens back here are heavy rain and hail. Tucked back inside, all of that precipitation is where your tornadic activity might be. In some cases, you may actually be able to briefly pick out important storm features, such as in this example, this lowered area back in here is your low level mesocyclone. All that inflow is feeding into that low level mesocyclone, but you can see just how shrouded in precipitation that area is, which can make it difficult to tell what's going on back there. On radar, HP supercells often take on more of a kidney bean shape appearance due to the abundance of precipitation. Much of that precipitation makes the hook echo indiscernible and the inflow notch that tends to be clean in more classic supercells, often gets obscured by precipitation as well, giving way to the kidney bean shape. Sometimes you may still be able to make out the hook echo in an HP supercell, as in this example. If you follow the higher reflectivity values, you can trace out the location of the hook echo. This weak reflectivity hole right there is actually an ongoing strong tornado, but notice how much precipitation has wrapped around that tornadic circulation, which is a classic sign of a high precipitation supercell. The type of supercell you might expect to see in a given event can be forecasted ahead of time using atmospheric soundings. If you're looking through the models and the days leading up to an event, you might select a few forecast soundings in the potential area of interest to get an idea of what type of supercell you might expect to see. This can give you at least a decent idea of how you might want to attack navigation during the chase. The diagram on the left here is the Skew-T. This shows you the thermodynamic properties of the atmosphere, and the diagram on the right here is the hodograph, and this is what we're going to hone in on when we're trying to assess the type of supercell that we might expect to see in a given event. The hodograph is a visualization of the wind profile in the atmosphere. The wind direction and speed is plotted at every single level of the atmosphere, and the dots are connected to give you a graph that shows you how the winds are changing as you go up in the atmosphere. Each point has a speed and direction. So, our origin is here, and all of these rings that you see here, those indicate the speed of the wind in knots. So, for example, let's take this point right here. This would be our point at 1km. You see the 1 right there, that indicates the altitude of that particular wind vector in the atmosphere. So, our 1km wind vector would look something like this. So, the wind at 1km is out of the southwest, so we have a southwesterly wind at 10, 20, 30, 40, almost 50 knots. So, this is approximately a 50 knot wind out of the southwest. How about our surface wind? This zero point here, that is our surface wind, so let's draw our vector up from the origin would look something like that. So, our surface wind is out of the south. So, a southerly wind at 10, 20 knots. So, our surface wind is a southerly wind at 20 knots. The type of supercell that might dominate a given environment depends on the mid and upper level storm-relative winds. These modulate how precipitation is vented relative to the location of the updraft. In other words, is the precipitation pushed far away from the updraft or does it remain fairly near the updraft? This all depends on the storm-relative winds in the mid and upper levels of the atmosphere. First of all, what do we mean by "storm-relative"? Storm-relative winds are just the winds with the storm motion factored out. It's the wind that the storm is feeling. We're experiencing the winds from the storm's perspective. All we do to find that on the hodograph is instead of drawing our wind vector from the origin, we would draw it from the storm motion to the point on the hodograph of interest. Our storm motion is given by this black bullseye right here. This is the "Bunkers right" moving supercell storm motion. It's not always a perfect estimate, but it's a good enough estimate for our purposes when employing these techniques. For example, our storm-relative wind at, let's say 9km. This point right here. We would draw our vector from the storm motion all the way up to 9kms, and it can be a little bit tricky because we're not at the origin here. So, we might be a little bit offset from our actual rings, but just eyeball it. So, where you start would be 0. This would be about 10, 20, 30, 40, 50, about 60 knots there. So, our storm-relative wind at 9km is out of the southwest, so southwesterly at about 60 knots. For this technique, we're looking at the winds above 6km off the surface. If the majority of the storm-relative winds above 6km are greater than 40 knots, low precipitation supercells will be favored because those stronger winds aloft are venting the precipitation much farther away from the updraft making the updraft and its features much more visible. If the majority of storm-relative winds above 6km are less than 20 knots, high precipitation supercells will be favored. In this case, precipitation venting will be quite poor, and therefore a lot of precipitation may shroud the updraft in its features. If storm-relative winds above 6km are between 20 and 40 knots, then you'll have a tendency toward more classic supercells, although it can depend on some other factors. In this example here, if we were to draw in vectors from our Bunkers right storm motion to all of our points above 6km on the hodograph, you'll notice that there are all above about 40 knots. Again, you just have to eyeball this because the Bunkers right storm motion is not our actual origin, but you can just estimate it based on the spacing between each of these rings. So for example, this is our 6km vector. This is about 10, 20, 30, about 40 knots or so, maybe just over 40 knots. The 7km point is right on top of the 6, our 8km vector, just a little bit longer than that 6km vector, so maybe about 50 knots or so, and then we've already figured out the 9km point, which is 60 knots. So, all of our points above 6km are well over 40 knots, indicating that this profile would be very favorable for low precipitation supercells. Contrast that with this example here. Notice how truncated the hodograph is in the mid and upper levels of the atmosphere. If we were to draw in our vectors for our points above 6km, notice how short they are. Here's our 6km vector. This one on the right, it's maybe about 10, maybe just under 20 knots there. The 7km vector right there, even shorter, 8km about the same as 6, and so all of these are right about 20 knots or below, indicating that this profile would be favorable for more high precipitation supercells. The shape of the hodograph and the configuration of the winds aloft also modulates how precipitation is vented away from an updraft. This is where veering and backing of the winds come in. Veering means that the winds turn in a clockwise direction with height, whereas backing is when the winds turn in a counterclockwise fashion with height, because the configuration of the wind's aloft modulates the dispersion of precipitation within a supercell, the hodograph is actually going to be a pretty good proxy for the shape of a supercell on radar, and it can give us an idea of the direction that precipitation will be vented relative to the updraft. In this example, notice how the winds veer in the low levels, but then they eventually back a little bit above 3km. Again, veering of the winds with height. Those winds are turning in a clockwise direction in that lowest kilometer or two, and then they back. They turn in a counterclockwise direction above about 3km. In other words, the hodograph bends back to the left a little bit. Now let's draw in a hypothetical supercell that matches this wind profile. So, in the low levels would be our hook echo, our mesocyclone region of the storm, and above that we would just track along the shape of the hodograph to see where precipitation would be vented. To start, we would veer off to the right a little bit, and then once that backing occurs above about 3km, we would turn back to the north a little bit, and that shows us that most of the precipitation is going to be vented Here is your mesocyclone, tornadic activity would be located at that tip of the hook echo, and most of that precipitation will be vented away from that area, making the updraft much more visible and any tornadic activity easier to spot, and the storm may take on more of a low precipitation appearance. Let's do the same thing for this hodograph. Notice in this case that the winds just veer the entire way up through the atmosphere. They're turning in a clockwise direction in general, all the The hodograph is essentially folding over on itself. If we were to draw in our hypothetical supercell here, notice how the precipitation is vented out in front of the mesocyclone region of the storm. Here's your hook echo. Any tornadic activity would be here, and all that precipitation is thrown out ahead of the storm and ahead of the storm's motion, which is to the northeast potentially shrouding the updraft in more precipitation and making any tornadic activity more difficult to spot. This lends itself to more high precipitation supercell structure. Now, there is one exception to these rules, and that is the mini supercell. Mini supercell are just smaller versions of full fledged supercells. They have the same type of structure, same hazards, but they're just smaller in size. Mini supercells, by nature, don't produce as much precipitation. Therefore, if you have an environment that might at first glance suggest more high precipitation supercells, if the environment also favors mini supercells, that might not actually come to fruition. The storm-relative winds in the lowest kilometer of the atmosphere modulate supercell size. This is called storm-relative inflow. Storm-relative inflow determines how much mass is flowing into a storm. Stronger storm-relative inflow means that more mass is getting pulled into the storm, and therefore that storm is likely to be larger, whereas weaker storm-relative inflow means less mass getting pulled into the storm and you get a smaller storm. A general rule of thumb is that if storm-relative inflow in the 0-1km layer is less than 25 knots, then mini supercells will be favored. In this example, if we were to draw in our storm-relative wind vectors at the 0-1km point, for example, you'll notice how short they are. We can actually get a direct measurement for the surface storm-relative wind vector because the surface wind is right there at the origin. It's not even 15 knots. The 1km vector is a little bit longer, maybe about 25 knots or so. Both of those are underneath that threshold for mini supercells, and therefore, this would be an environment that would favor mini supercells. Now at first glance, you might think that this environment would favor high precipitation supercells. I've drawn in our 6 and 8km storm-relative wind vectors, and they're very short. Especially that 8km vector, which is not even 20 knots, but because we have such weak storm-relative inflow, high precipitation supercells may be precluded because mini supercells are favored, and again, mini supercells produce less precipitation by nature. While an environment may have weak storm-relative inflow, we need to make sure that supercells are favored altogether. That usually means either 0-6km shear, or effective bulk shear is about 30 knots or greater, and really this goes for all of the supercell types. Of course, we need to make sure that we have a supercell favorable environment in the first place before making these assumptions about supercell type. We just opened up additional seats for our 2027 storm chasing tour and they aren't going to last for very long. The first round of seats sold out within five days and considering the coaches who will be leading this trip and the unbeatable price tag, I expect these to move even faster. for more information. Now, there are some other factors that modulate the type of supercell you might see in a given environment. The first is the strength of any remnant capping in the atmosphere. The cap is a layer of warm air aloft that can inhibit the strength of updrafts. On skew-T diagram, that left portion of the sounding, you can identify a capping inversion by the warm nose that is present in the red line here. This red line is the atmospheric temperature as you go up in the atmosphere. The green line is the dew point as you go up in the atmosphere. So, anytime you see a warm nose like this where the temperature profile juts out to the right like that is a sign of a capping inversion in the atmosphere. In some cases, this capping inversion may prevent storms from firing altogether, but sometimes you may have enough large scale forcing to allow storms to initiate in the environment despite the capping, but that remnant capping can actually constrict the size of storms, allowing them to struggle a little bit and perhaps take on more low precipitation type characteristics. Another modulating factor is atmospheric moisture content. Intuitively, environments with high moisture content tend to favor more high precipitation supercells, whereas drier environments tend to favor more classic or low precipitation supercells. A skew-T diagram can also be quite helpful in assessing atmospheric moisture content. In this example, notice how close the red temperature profile and green dew point profile are throughout pretty much the entire atmosphere. This indicates a quite saturated, moist environment favorable for high precipitation supercells. In contrast, this is a much drier environment, especially in the low to mid levels of the atmosphere. Notice how much separation there is between the red temperature profile and the green dewpoint profile in that layer. That indicates drier air and a tendency toward more low precipitation or classic supercells. On a sounding, you'll also find some parameters that can tell you how much moisture there is in the environment, namely precipitable water. Precipitable water is essentially the depth of water there is in a column of the atmosphere. If all of that water were to be precipitated out as rain. The higher the precipitable water value, the more moisture there is in the environment. A very general rule of thumb is that high precipitation supercells are favored when precipitable water values exceed 1.75 inches, whereas low precipitation supercells are favored if precipitable water is below one inch, and in that middle range there between the two, classic supercell tend to be favored. Now, this is just one tool in a broader toolbox of techniques you can use to forecast supercell type. Just because precipitable water may be above 1.75 inches does not mean that you're automatically going to get high precipitation supercells. The precipitation venting via the wind profile aloft is often much more important of a factor, but the moisture content in the atmosphere can also display some utility when you're forecasting storm type. It's important to note that supercells can undergo changes in their type throughout their life cycle. For example, a Supercell may start out as more of a low precipitation or classic supercell and transition into more of a high precipitation supercell with time. On the other hand, a classic supercell may run into an environment with slightly stronger capping, eventually turning into more of a low precipitation supercell toward the end of its life. Alright, let's go through a few examples here to reinforce the concepts that we've discussed in this video. We are going to look at a few different observed soundings from different cases. Normally you'd be going through these techniques while when looking at forecast soundings on the models and the lead up to an event, but based on what I had available, we're gonna look at observed soundings here. The techniques are gonna be exactly the same if whether you're looking at a forecast sounding or an observed sounding. Let's start off with this first case here, and the first thing I would do is go right to the hodograph to see how precipitation would be vented around any hypothetical supercells in this environment. Let's start off with our mid and upper level storm-relative winds. I'll draw in our vectors here. Here is the vector at 6km. The 7km point is right on top of the 6km point, and just estimating that be about 10, 20, just over 30 knots or so at 6km. If we do our point at 8km, it'd be about 40 knots or so, and then our 9km vector would be about 50 knots, so we have fairly strong. Mid and upper level storm-relative winds increasing as we go up above 6km, and notice how the hodograph doesn't really fold over on itself really severely. We have a little bit of backing there at about two kilometers, which should help to vent precipitation, at least keep it away from the mesocyclone region of the storm, so overall, our wind profile is suggesting that we may favor more of a classic to possibly even slightly low precipitation supercell mode. Now looking at our skew-T, we don't have a super moist environment. There's some drier air aloft, and precipitable water values are just under one and a half inches. So, all in all, with all those factors combined, it appears that this environment would favor more classic, to maybe slightly low precipitation supercells. Overall, your important features, including any tornadic activity, would be quite visible. This is actually the environment near the December 10th, 2021 Quad State Tornadic supercell that spawned multiple intense EF4s that tracked through Northeast Arkansas into Kentucky, producing damage in places like Monet, Arkansas, and Mayfield, Kentucky. The tornadoes were quite visible in this event, which corroborates our analysis and suggests that storms were much more of the classic variety. Moving on to our second example, and this one is pretty clear. You'll notice we have a very elongated hodograph in the mid and upper levels of the atmosphere, drawing in our storm-relative wind vectors above 6km, and you can see that they are quite lengthy, especially that 8 and 9km vector well in excess of that 40 knot threshold for LP supercells. That 6km vector only about 25 to 30 knots or so, but above that, a deep layer of storm-relative winds in excess of 40 knots, and we shouldn't have any issues with precipitation being shunted ahead of the storm motion and the mesocyclone region of the storm. If we do our technique drawing in the supercell shape around the hodograph, you'll see that precipitation, all that precipitation should be vented well away from the mesocyclone region of the storm. Our wind profile certainly suggests that low precipitation supercells will be favored in this environment. We also have a fairly dry environment. Lots of dry air above about 850 millibars or so, precipitable water values below one inch, and we have a little bit of capping to work with. Little bit of a warm nose there. All of these signs point to a low precipitation storm mode, and sure enough, this was a proximity sounding to a beautifully sculpted LP supercell near Dora, New Mexico that actually produced a tornado on May 26th, 2019. How about this one? Let's draw in our vectors. Here's the 6km vector, and you see the 7,8, and 9km points are really on top of each other there, and these vectors are certainly on the shorter side. Maybe, at most, 20 to 25 knots, which is between those 20 and 40 knot thresholds, but definitely on the weaker side. We also see that the precipitation may tend to get vented out ahead of the storm's motion and ahead of the mesocyclone there as the mid and upper proportion of the hodograph is folding over on itself, giving it that semicircle type shape. So, if we were to do our little technique here's your supercell hook echo, and then the precipitation venting, it's gonna look something like that. So, we may get some of that precip vented out ahead of the mesocyclone of the storm leading to a little bit more questionable visibility for any tornadic activity. Taking a look at our skew-T, we have a pretty moist environment, especially below about 500 millibars there. Very deep, low level moisture. Up to about 750 millibars the red temperature profile and the green dew point profile are very close to one another beneath that very subtle capping inversion there, and then we continue that moisture up above that little inversion right there just below 500 millibars. Our precipitable water value is about 1.64, so not above that 1.75 inch threshold, but certainly getting close. So, a pretty moist environment, a fairly weak storm-relative wind profile, aloft and somewhat poor precipitation venting relative to the mesocyclone region of any hypothetical supercells make me think that this environment might at least lean a little bit more toward high precipitation supercells, maybe somewhat of a hybrid between classic and precipitation, but leaning toward higher precipitation storms. This was a proximity sounding for the Elmer, Oklahoma significant tornadic supercell on May 16th, 2015. The tornado was somewhat visible for a good portion of its life, but it did get quite shrouded in rain at times, so we were right on the edge between classic and high precipitation supercells with a little bit of a tilt toward a high precipitation mode. In this example, my eyes are drawn right away to the low level storm-relative winds, or the storm-relative inflow. If we were to draw our vectors from the storm motion to the low levels of the hodograph. the surface vector is perhaps just a little bit over 25 knots, but as you get closer to 1km that vector shortens a little bit to about 20 knots or so, which is below the that 25 knot threshold for mini supercells. So, we're straddling that threshold throughout the entire lowest kilometer, and that makes me think that we may have a tendency toward more mini supercells in this environment that would trump the seemingly high precipitation nature of the supercells. We see very short vectors up to the points above 6km there, meaning that we have very weak storm-relative winds aloft. Which, as we've talked about many times in this video, would favor We do have some decent venting of the winds in the upper levels. You see some backing there in the midlevels of the hodograph. So, that is one thing against high precipitation supercells, but what tends to trump all in this scenario is the tendency for mini supercells given weak, low level storm-relative inflow, and in this environment there were multiple tornado reports from mini supercells in Central Minnesota on June 16th, 2025. With this one, right off the bat, you can tell this might be more of an HP storm mode. Our storm-relative wind vectors are very short at 6 to 7km. It starts to stretch out a little bit from 8 to 9kms there, but overall, those six to 7km vectors are very short, very close to where the storm motion is, and we see that precipitation might be shunted right out ahead of the storm motion in the mid-level. So, your wind profile in this case would really favor high precipitation supercells, and this environment spawned a beastly, high precipitation tornadic supercell in Northern Kansas. Remember to check out those links in the description below and then watch another video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @sabishiihito [15 likes]: I will keep all of this in mind as I continue to not chase storms 😅
  2. @jaxsonmerchant [5 likes]: Is that bassfield-soso in the thumbnail?
  3. @McNuggets313 [5 likes]: I've been chasing for a few years and watch many of your videos, but nearly every time I watch a new video from you I learn something new - keep up the good work.
  4. @StormChaserCoaching [3 likes]: How comfortable are you navigating around supercells?

Leave your answer below or discuss it in our Discord community: https://discord.gg/stormchasercoaching
  5. @awchasing [2 likes]: Been watching Trey since I was 15. The knowledge this guy provides for free, on top of studying by yourself is unmatched. This is such a great learning source!
  6. @buildplayhelpallday3553 [2 likes]: Not realizing not everyone knows this, I yelled “Who’s driving towards a hook echo?”
  7. @OptometristPrime11235 [2 likes]: Rule #1. If youre looking for that million dollar shot, chase anywhere but northeast tx. Nothing but trees and rain wrapped tornados. Usually at night. We need chasers though to keep people informed. We are on the far edge of the radar and most of us are out of earshot of sirens.
  8. @RobertMigraine [2 likes]: You assume I even want to be alive. If I go storm chasing, I will take ALL the risks.
  9. @stormysoundthedegeneratefurry [1 likes]: I am going to zero meter a wedge you cannot stop me
  10. @LoFiNic2025 [1 likes]: I'm in the UK and have been watching Ryan Hall and the storm chasers for near a decade and it's interesting to know how you navigate a storm and how they make their decisions on when and where to go...thanks! Subbed.  Make some more about how to choose where to be in a storm front and how you decide where to go right from the start if you haven't already...thanks! ❤️🙏
  11. @cyclonesoz [1 likes]: Excellent broadcast as usual Trey.
  12. @etherealswordsman3214 [1 likes]: I feel like i just stumbled into a Cameron Nixon presentation lol.
  13. @RepoLeprechaun: Looking for that Honda plug 😂
  14. @iron1798: 0:00 I remember that storm. From the area and was doing an internship with a local seed corn production company. Got to spend that next day taking pictures of hail damage to fields.
  15. @Exodusontheroadside: You are a game changer in the enthusiast community
  16. @mattmichael6792: A lot of great information here but I didn’t really hear a lot about why storm chasers get hit by tornadoes
  17. @-YellowFruit-: You've been a great source of information in my dream of one day becoming a chaser. 
I may not know a whole lot now but I'm sure I'll get there someday! 
Thank you!
  18. @metal_bassist: Man, I could listen to hours upon hours of this. Just watching your videos I feel significantly more confident in understanding the conditions in the environment while choosing a storm to chase. Already it has paid off with me chasing the Northern Illinois storm on April 17th and following it from Lena all the way deep into Wisconsin. Glad to say I stayed ahead of it and my buddy I was chasing with took some gorgeous footage of the storm and tornado in Rockton IL. Thank you for all the work you do!
  19. @Zach_Smith_316: Why is it that the mid-south gets so many more HP storms than the typical LP/classic supercells we see in the Central-Southern Plains? My first thought would be better moisture depth & quality due to the location relative to the Gulf, but it seems more of a kinematic difference. Is it typically more of an orographic influence in the Plains from the Rockies, or what?
  20. @grandsnail700: Awesome video, this video really explains it cause I've always struggled trying to understand skewTs and hodographs due to the lack of examples people provide, i love how this shows all types of cells and  how the hodographs and skewTs differ with each type. 

Also i am kinda curious on what the stuff means around the hodograph is like the SR-winds with the classic supercell and the Theta e vs pressure, and the things left of the hodo with the boxes with the blue and red?

- Hurricane season tips: What to do if you have special needs or can't drive during an evacuation: Kind: captions Language: en Some people have asked how do I evacuate if I need special needs or if I have special needs or I can't drive. Chief Meteorologist Bobby Deskins has some tips for you. Leaving your home is difficult if you have special needs or can drive. So your family member will need to call a special number located on your county's website. You'll register there. Once registered, they will call you before the storm to let you know when they'll pick you up. Buses will also take people to the shelters for free, and pets are allowed on the bus too. Just make sure you register for a pet shelter. All this information is on your county's emergency website. Watch our storm ready special Thursday, June 1st at 8:00 PM. And you can always text your general questions to us at the number on your screen, 727-577-8522. We'll continue to answer them for you.

- Lessons learned from the one home that survived Hurricane Michael: Kind: captions Language: en The afternoon Michael made landfall, homeowner Russell King was out of town We were in Tennessee watching it on camera. As the hurricane's eye sped toward the Panhandle's coast, Kings eye was glued to his security cameras which captured it all. It was awful; the camera got turned around upstairs so then we got to watch the pier and all the homes on 37th Street get wiped out. The home he and his nephew had built just a year prior was one of just two still inhabitable on his street. We did the things that we could that we thought would increase survivability. That included leaving vinyl out of the design process. There's not a stick of vinyl pieces on this house anywhere, a full hip roof where all sides sloped downwards to the walls, and hundreds of hurricane clips. We got all those tips and clips there's probably three thousand dollars in hurricane clips up there now. To sustain two hundred and fifty mile an hour winds the Panhandles code is for 120 miles an hour and Michael's gusts reached 150. The home sustained minor damage: a broken outdoor fan and a bit of flooding, along with two cracked windows It was the strength of the glass of those windows, King says, that spared the home. This got hit by we don't know what, maybe one of our own pavers, something from the neighborhood, we don't know. We lose this window we could lose this house, because when this window's compromised, the wind comes in us looking for what to do next and it'll tear your roof off, which is I'm afraid happened to his house here. What's next for King is learning from the mistakes that he did make. We got an indoor/outdoor fan, it's supposed to be just fine but we learned the hard way: Don't put in a fan outside in an enclosed area. The wind ripped the fan down and the ceiling with it. Plus no more outlets in the ceiling. The ceiling outlet now has been moved from the ceiling to the wall but he moved it over here tied it in you know as tight as we can. And more hurricane clips that's all new wood, all with Simpson Clips all over it. Everywhere we can find where there's not a hurricane clip, we're putting in a Simpson hurricane clip. To ensure the house built for the big one can make it through the next one. In Mexico Beach, Jennifer Holton, FOX 13 News

  Top Comments:
  1. @oohbabybloo: And still built it on a beach. As long as he has insurance or can pay for it himself, he’s good.
  2. @Emilley-b8y4u: lessons learned from the one home that survived hurricane Michael
  3. @Ocean-b2i: Well when your rich I guess you can build a city if you want to.
  4. @LICIOUS0777: Hurricane clips after hurricane Luis ..
  5. @LICIOUS0777: COMMON SENSE..
  6. @discernthetimes: Building with concrete is another good way of protecting your home through storms.  (Building with wood does not secure your home).
  7. @1972dsrai: He built his home using materials that are the norm in many countries. Only in the US do they think a wooden frame covered in cardboard is ok and they’ll still charge a ridiculous amount for it.
  8. @NytronX: Why build a house outta wood when you can use brick or stone.
  9. @brandonohara4122: Wow this is past impressive!
  10. @PinkPoodlePrincess: Triangles BABY
  11. @ianstrong7140: Is that’s not an ad for Simpson strong ties I don’t know what is!
  12. @conordrogalis6487: Bro doesn't need home insurance thats how well its built
  13. @dujevu9398: Making house out of wood is crazy, thats what kids do, BUY CONCRETE CHEAP ANIMALS !
  14. @asamisato6944: Why don’t build concrete Hauses ?
  15. @maxkosh4839: just build houses out of bricks and concrete, like normal people do
  16. @WADE-RI: Yaeh. Made it out of BRICKS you f... m....
  17. @boobo: Problem is there are bad houses. Those are ripped apart and become ammunition. As long as every house is not built properly, efforts don;t matter. His house is first on the line, and that is why it could survive. Also he got lucky
  18. @rcac1023: Wonder he not have storm shutters on doors and windows. You may have very strong glass, but debris is what I believe does the most damage to glass windows/doors.
  19. @yetresa: american people if they had gone to school and had an IQ superior to 30
  20. @myjeffreycam: The fact that homes aint rebuilt after storms and fires with ICF is beyond me! Common sence! Or just keep rebuilding over and over again! 🙄

- What Is an Insurance Non-Renewal? | Understanding Why Policies Don’t Renew: Kind: captions Language: en today we're going to talk about non-renewals and what that means so an insurance policy is just a contract from one company to you saying they will provide you coverage in the event of a covered loss during this time period so it could be 6 months it could be 12 months however long that time period is the company is saying if you pay your premiums and if you didn't lie on your policy or your application that we have you covered for a covered loss now after that 12-month period the insurance company has the right to go back to the application you originally submitted and rate based upon that application every year that you renew a policy is really a new contract every year what triggers a non-renewal so it's important to note that a non-renewal is not a cancellation so the insurance company is legally not able to cancel your policy unless you have not paid your premium or you lied on your application to not provide them accurate information so it's not a cancellation it's just a non-renewal now what triggers that um we've seen it in the past few years with underwriting guidelines becoming much more stringent that it could be as as little as a a water claim that makes a company non-renew you at renewal period um it could be more than that it could simply just be a carrier is no longer doing business in that area and wants to get out of that market basically all it's requiring you to do is do some action shop your insurance which no one really likes to do in a perfect world you're able to reach out to an independent agent a captive agent or go directly to an insurance carrier and find a appropriately priced insurance coverage standard carrier coverage for your policy however there may be an instance where you're not able to continue to get coverage with a standard carrier now what is a standard carrier a standard carrier is a state licensed carrier to do business in the state of Tennessee or respective States now a non-standard carrier can continue to do business in the state however they aren't technically managed by the commission Commission of insurance for the state and we'll do a whole separate thing on onst standard coverage but just know that if you do have a non-standard policy it's not like they're going to flake out and not pay you if you have a claim they're just going to have different coverages and different payment types and different losses and it's just going to be a little bit more of a complicated policy in order to make it right for you also know that it's not forever you're not going to be stuck with a non-standard carrier forever uh it's just this kind of Band-Aid to get you through that time period during either stringent underwriting guidelines or um having that claim fall off your record a few tips if you are being non-renewed the first thing to do is to reach out to your agent to see if you can find standard coverage now if you can great you do a typical uh rewrite with a carrier uh and everything is good there if you can't you'll have to go with non-standard and that's a whole other thing that we'll cover in a different uh different video but the biggest thing to know is that if you are being non-renewed it's not the end of the world it basically is just saying hey you have to do some action before your policy is non-renewed so don't worry it can be taken care of it unfortunately May cost more money than you'd like to pay but it's not forever if you have any more questions feel free to reach out to us directly and uh yeah we look forward to it happy insurance [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @shadowofpain8144: It's a way insurance companies forced the government to let them raise prices.
Pretending as if we never had fires hurricanes or hail or any other adverse weather event.
And the stupid politician says to you look we got the to continue to insure the fire areas. Roflmao. 
The entire economy is going to fail it already is little by little but suddenly it will be all at once because the people you elected couldn't understand high school economics.

- How to Handle a Letter of Non-Renewal from Your Insurance Company: Kind: captions Language: en Did you receive a letter of non-renewal from your insurance company? Follow these important steps. Step number one, look for the reason for the non-renewal. The insurance company needs to tell you why they are non-renewing your policy. If it's for some condition, something that you have control over, keep listening. Next, verify with your agent or broker what issues are being identified and that you do plan on resolving them. Find out what the latest is. you can get this information back to the agent, broker, or the insurance company. Next, resolve the issue. Make sure that you have receipts, photographs, everything you can to show that the issue that was under question has been resolved. Next, get that proof to the insurance company or the agent or broker and show them that the work has been done. Finally, confirm that your policy has been reinstated and the notice of non-renewal has been lifted.

- Don't Lose Your Home Insurance! Martin's Tips for Non-Renewal Prevention: Kind: captions Language: en Did you just get a letter in the mail from your insurance company saying nonrenewal? Well, if you haven't yet, it's coming. We're getting calls daily where insurance companies are telling homeowners, you have to replace your roof or we're not going to renew your insurance, which puts people in panic. Hey, I have to replace my roof. Then we come out and say, actually, your roof is fine. It just needs a couple tuneups, if you will. So, here's the things that we recommend to you. There's three things. One, have your roof inspected every year. Two, have your roof washed. If you have that black, ugly streaking on your roof, it's not good. And when the insurance companies are coming out and they're saying, "Hey, we think that your roof is old and needs to be brand new because they see that streaking because they're not educated." If you went ahead and were proactive and washed the roof, then you don't even have to worry about getting that letter from the insurance company because when they pull up, the roof looks brand new. And really, it's a soft wash. It does look brand new. Highly recommended. Third thing is have a roof tuneup. You have components on your roof that will fail every 10 to 15 years, like pipe boots, the sealant on the exposed nails, uh rusted out HVAC vents. These need to be looked at and addressed. So, we can do those three things. We can provide that to your insurance company to say, "Hey, we were out. We looked at everything. Everything is in good working order. Here's some a drone report of everything we saw." And then you get your insurance renewed. Call us today. Text us. If you want a free estimate, you can get it online at resetroofing.com.

- 5 Tips to Avoid Home Insurance Non-Renewal: Kind: captions Language: en more people are receiving the awful letters that they're being their homeowners insurance is being non-renewed and they've got to search elsewhere is there anything that you can do to help prevent this from happening to you I've got that more coming [Music] up my name is Mike Vernard I'm the host of the wise money show I'm also one of the certified financial planners right here at cor horn Financial Group make sure you hit that subscribe button turn on notifications and smash that Thumbs Up Button goly this has been just a trying time challenging time in the home and auto insurance world I've done a few videos on it I'm going to keep you up to dat uh and help you navigate this challenging time you got to be working with your cfp who's looking at all six areas of your financial life and they've got to be helping you and working with and collaborating with your Independent Insurance agent because it I've heard other Financial professionals that have uh you know a following and and whatnot saying you know we're we're at a crisis level here with home and auto insurance and with the recent uh CPI INF inflation data that came out about a week ago insurance premiums uh accounted increasing 22% over the past year that's part of the CPI data yeah I wouldn't I I wouldn't say that's an exaggeration to say that we are in a crisis and what's worse than having your insurance uh premiums go up significantly more than inflation hearing from your insurance company that they're no longer going to offer you coverage that's right and and unless you do something wrong they can't cancel you right in the middle of your policy but instead what it's called being non-renewed you get a letter a few months before your policy your homeowners policy is going to renew you get a letter from them saying we're breaking up saying when your policy when your current policy renews we are not going to continue it we're not going to uh well when your current policy matures we're not going to renew it thank you for your business you're going to need to find another insurance company just recently happened to some friends of mine and very frustrating and you feel dejected and you feel like you've done something wrong and in these instances you feel like w i' they've used this insurance company for their entire life and so this is still a very uncommon thing but it has been happening more due to the challenges with certain insurance companies in certain areas of the country west coast and and and Southeast let's say um with a few companies that maybe are concentrated with clients in those areas where there have been um you know higher claims as well as significantly Rising costs to to to cover houses repair houses unfortunately unfortunately there isn't anything that you can do to fully fully avoid this I do Wonder in the future once the insurance Market gets gets healthy again if there will be a solution to this where they offer longer longer uh policies but that's not the environment we are in right now so there isn't anything you can do to guarantee that this wouldn't happen to you but what could you do to help avoid it help prevent the chance and the risk that you would have uh receive a a notice that your insurance your homeowner's insurance is being non-renewed well a few things let's go through them first and this one is going to seem obvious but with more and more payments being automated and and and so on paying your insurance on time paying your insurance bill on time especially when maybe you if you paid off your mortgage or if you've moved recently paying your insurance bill on time uh is is critical this is one of the reasons if you don't pay on time then you'll get a notice if you don't pay within that grace period Then your insurance could lapse and and this is one of the things that could have you stand out to your insurance company and could cause you to be non-renewed or lose your homeowners insurance company coverage you don't want to do that so obviously but pay your insurance on time and if you say well of of course I do make sure you know well is there an automatic payment setup um which bank is it going to draft from if you are close to paying off your mortgage or if you've recently paid off your mortgage have you updated them to make sure that you get the bill and they don't send it directly to the escro company who the the bank who will say we don't we you know we can't pay this anymore so make sure you pay your insurance on time that's number one number two maintain your home and and you might also think well this is about as obvious as paying your bill yeah but insurance companies are more picky these days and you might say what are you talking about they want my business guys we are this is a new world with with home and auto insurance uh insurance companies are much more selective sure they want you if they want you and if they're taking new clients if they are not they want to make sure that they've got a a good property that they are covering so if the roof is old if it's in disrepair if the if the property falls in disrepair they very easily could say yeah we're we're going to non-renew this risk seems too great The the risk or chance of a of a fire or or some other claim just seems too great now you might say I'm living in this in my house I'm going to maintain it well we see this more frequently with maybe a second home or a well you know when the when my folks passed away we inherited the house and we've been renting it to someone else and yeah we just haven't been over there in a long time the house has fallen into disrepair so I I I just maintaining your house will also help reduce the risk of you getting non-renewed third third thing you need to do is make sure you're updating your homeowners insurance as you're making improvements to your home one big thing here guys is roofs roofs are a big area where where people make a lot of claims if there's hail or if there's damage or or whatever and and so insurance companies more and more want to make sure that your roof has been uh has been you know you've got a new roof on there or it's been updated or whatever within shorter and shorter time periods I feel like when I when I got when I started as a cfp back 20 years ago it was well as long as your roof's you know in the first you know within 25 years old then you're fine and now they're more and more and more more selective so as you make updates or make improvements at the pool or the deck or whatever you're going to make sure that you update your policy so that your coverage maintained strong uh you know is fully protecting your your uh your home and the content and all that so updating your insurance on a regular basis that also helps prevent you from being non-renewed fourth and we've talked about this in this insurance climate you want to make sure that you're not submitting too many small claims and and I I understand this I did a video on it you're you're going to feel like well wait a second I'm paying for insurance if I have a claim I want to use the insurance I know but I think we're in this time period where you're paying for insurance for the big risks to cover the big risks that we hope would never happen and therefore the small risk of you know I all three of our kids play baseball and softball and and as the weather gets nicer up north every day there is baseballs being thrown around inside the house yep inside the house or swinging bats inside the house you come over and talk to them you come over and tell them they can't do it they don't they they listen to their mom they don't listen to me so much we actually had a kid let go of a baseball bat in the middle of our living room and and missed the TV thankfully and hit smash into the wall right in between two windows well listen had it hit the TV had it broken those windows I wouldn't have been submitting the claim I'm not even sure if there would have been covered for that but uh and I was right there I was right there in the living room when this happened guys uh it's just pray for me but I wouldn't have been submitting that claim that's a small claim I need to make sure that I'm in good standing with my insurance because if there's a fire or if there is a you know a huge damage to the to the house that I haven't um used the insurance too frequently and that I'm still in good standing that that helps you uh reduce the risk of being non-renewed and then finally fifth staying in contact I think for a few of these things you could tie it back to are you in regular contact with your Independent Insurance agent you want to be working with an independent insurance agent who's representing you and has multiple companies to choose from they're able to tell you yes this company is having a a a harder time in this market and therefore we we should steer you to this company or um or for your situation you've been with this company for a long time there's longevity discounts and Longevity benefits that you get you're in a good spot there's a lower risk of you being non-renewed they're also going to help you make sure that you stay you know current on where is the insurance bill coming and and so on make sure that your homeowner's coverage St stays up to date so so really the fifth thing that you should do is really the first and sort of like this ever arching and that is make sure that you're working with your with well yes with your certified financial planner and they're working with and and collaborating with you and your insurance agent your independent insance insurance agent so that's your action item do those five things work with your cfp work with your Independent Insurance agent help navigate this challenging home and auto insurance environment that we're in for as long as we're in it if you don't have a CFB on your team you can contact one on my team find Us online korn.com that's coh with kwis show.com you can find us there as well or give us a call 574-4753 all right there you have it go out and take your next wise step in your financial life

  Top Comments:
  1. @KevinM-ov3qr: Is it specific companies that are doing this?

- How Do You Deal With A Homeowner's Insurance Non-renewal Notice? - Home Buyers and Sellers Guide: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] How do you deal with a homeowner's insurance non-renewal notice? Imagine you're about to settle into your new home and suddenly you get a letter saying your insurance won't be renewed. That can feel pretty stressful, but don't worry. When your homeowner's insurance company sends a non-renewal notice, it means they have decided not to continue your policy after it expires. This is different from a cancellation, which happens during the policy term. Usually, insurance companies give you a heads up between 30 and 75 days before your policy ends. The notice will explain why they are not renewing your coverage, which could be due to high- risk factors like property condition or location, missed payments, or changes in their underwriting rules. It's important to read this notice carefully so you understand the reason behind their decision. If the reason is unclear or you think it's unfair, pick up the phone and call your insurer. Sometimes providing additional information or fixing issues like missed payments can make them reconsider. Don't wait until your current policy runs out. Start shopping for new insurance immediately. Get quotes from different companies to compare costs and coverage options. It can take several weeks to finalize a new policy. So, acting quickly helps you avoid a lapse in protection. If you have trouble finding coverage because your property has high risk factors, check if your state offers programs like the Fair Access to Insurance Requirements Plan. These plans provide basic fire and hazard coverage for homeowners who can't get insurance through the regular market. Keep in mind, these plans often don't cover liability or theft, so they are a backup option. Improving your home's safety features can also help. Installing smoke detectors, deadbolt locks, and alarm systems can make your property more insurable and possibly lower your premiums. Review your coverage limits and deductible options to find a balance that fits your budget and needs. For those involved in buying or selling a home, a non-renewal notice can impact the process. Buyers might worry about getting mortgage approval if insurance is uncertain. Sellers should know that a non-renewal could slow down or complicate the sale as buyers want assurance that they can get affordable coverage. If you believe the non-renewal was unfair or discriminatory, you can file a complaint with your state's insurance department. Handling a homeowner's insurance non-renewal notice involves understanding why it happened, talking to your insurer, and actively seeking new coverage. Taking these steps helps protect your financial investment in your home. Whether you're buying, selling, or just trying to keep your current home safe and insured,

- Neil deGrasse Tyson: What is Dark Matter? What is Dark Energy?: Kind: captions Language: en what is the universe made of&nbsp;&nbsp; this is a question that humans have been asking&nbsp; since we first looked up into the night sky the universe is thought to consist&nbsp; of three types of substance&nbsp;&nbsp; regular matter dark matter and dark energy regular&nbsp; matter consists of the atoms that make up stars&nbsp;&nbsp; planets human beings and every&nbsp; other visible object in the universe&nbsp;&nbsp; we look in the universe and we see the effects&nbsp; of gravity and they say let's add up all the&nbsp;&nbsp; stars and galaxies and and planets and comets&nbsp; and black holes everything we know about to&nbsp;&nbsp; account for this gravity that we see and when you&nbsp; add in the dark matter this this extra gravity&nbsp;&nbsp; it turns the universe into the universe that we&nbsp; see that's why we know the dark matter is real&nbsp;&nbsp; we don't know what it is but we know it's there&nbsp; because we can't make the universe as we see it&nbsp;&nbsp; unless we put this extra gravity into our&nbsp; simulations to match the gravity that we see&nbsp;&nbsp; in the last six decades nasa along with&nbsp; its international partners and thousands&nbsp;&nbsp; of researchers have expanded our knowledge of the&nbsp; universe by using a full fleet of telescopes and&nbsp;&nbsp; satellites they have been exploring the evolution&nbsp; of the universe from the big bang to the present&nbsp;&nbsp; the cosmic microwave background a record of the&nbsp; earliest moments of the big bang then it takes&nbsp;&nbsp; a little time to make your first stars we call&nbsp; it the dark ages stars are made galaxies are&nbsp;&nbsp; made galaxies mature we come up to the present&nbsp; day 13.7 billion years later and that telescope&nbsp;&nbsp; wilkinson microwave and isotropy probe made this&nbsp; measurement and so it's a pretty coherent picture&nbsp;&nbsp; of the earliest moments of the universe the&nbsp; wilkinson microwave anisotropy probe satellite&nbsp;&nbsp; returned data that allowed astronomers to&nbsp; precisely assess the age of the universe&nbsp;&nbsp; to be 13.77 billion years old and&nbsp; to determine that atoms make up&nbsp;&nbsp; only 4.6 percent of the universe with the&nbsp; remainder being dark matter and dark energy&nbsp;&nbsp; for the first 150 million years after the big bang&nbsp; there were no galaxies or stars or planets as time&nbsp;&nbsp; passed the first stars formed stars collected into&nbsp; galaxies galaxies began to cluster together clumps&nbsp;&nbsp; of matter smashed into each other and the planets&nbsp; in our solar system begin to form around the sun&nbsp;&nbsp; our solar system galaxies and clusters&nbsp; of galaxies are all held together by&nbsp;&nbsp; gravity however something just doesn't add up&nbsp; galaxies seem to be achieving an impossible feat&nbsp;&nbsp; they are rotating with such speed that the gravity&nbsp; generated by their observable matter could not&nbsp;&nbsp; possibly hold them together they should have torn&nbsp; themselves apart long ago the same is true of&nbsp;&nbsp; galaxies and clusters which leads scientists to&nbsp; believe that something we cannot see is at work particle physicists are convinced&nbsp; that it might be an exotic&nbsp;&nbsp; particle that doesn't interact with us&nbsp; doesn't interact with our light with&nbsp;&nbsp; our telescopes but that it has gravity so&nbsp; these particles are doing their own thing&nbsp;&nbsp; invisible to us but otherwise attracting our&nbsp; matter into their nucleating us among them&nbsp;&nbsp; this mysterious substance called dark matter&nbsp; makes up the bulk of a galaxy's mass and forms&nbsp;&nbsp; the foundation of our universe's large-scale&nbsp; structure because dark matter does not emit&nbsp;&nbsp; absorb or reflect light its presence is only known&nbsp; through its gravitational pull on visible matter&nbsp;&nbsp; in space it may be that the dark matter is not&nbsp; matter at all it's the gravity from ordinary&nbsp;&nbsp; matter from a nearby other universe in the&nbsp; multiverse whose gravitational influence we feel&nbsp;&nbsp; and here we are you know saying we have&nbsp; a mysterious gravity call it dark matter&nbsp;&nbsp; really just ordinary matter doing its thing in an&nbsp; adjacent universe we don't have data for this but&nbsp;&nbsp; we have good theoretical and philosophical&nbsp; reasons to think that a multiverse exists&nbsp;&nbsp; nasa telescopes have helped us better understand&nbsp; this mysterious invisible matter that is&nbsp;&nbsp; five times the mass of regular matter the first&nbsp; direct detection of dark matter was made in 2007&nbsp;&nbsp; through observations of the bullet cluster&nbsp; of galaxies by the chandra x-ray telescope&nbsp;&nbsp; another strange thing happening in the universe&nbsp; has been spotted by the hubble space telescope&nbsp;&nbsp; the observations of very distant supernovae&nbsp; showed that a long time ago the universe was&nbsp;&nbsp; actually expanding more slowly than it is today&nbsp; however the expansion of the universe has not&nbsp;&nbsp; been slowing due to gravity as everyone thought it&nbsp; has been accelerating no one expected this no one&nbsp;&nbsp; knew how to explain it but something was causing&nbsp; it some mysterious pressure in the vacuum of space&nbsp;&nbsp; acting opposite the force of gravity whatever it&nbsp; is we call it dark energy that's our placeholder&nbsp;&nbsp; term to describe what we observe the acceleration&nbsp; of the universe nothing known will stop this&nbsp;&nbsp; so there's been some concern that maybe space does&nbsp; not have the flexibility necessary to allow such&nbsp;&nbsp; rapid expansion and might space tear in some way&nbsp; previously unimagined and what does that even mean&nbsp;&nbsp; does the question even have validity scientists&nbsp; still don't know what the correct explanation is&nbsp;&nbsp; this energy in whatever form is needed to&nbsp; reconcile the measured geometry of space with the&nbsp;&nbsp; total amount of matter in the universe it turns&nbsp; out that roughly 68 percent of the universe is&nbsp;&nbsp; dark energy dark matter makes up about 27 percent&nbsp; the rest everything on earth everything observed&nbsp;&nbsp; with all of our instruments all normal matter&nbsp; adds up to less than five percent of the universe&nbsp;&nbsp; the universe is far from being fully understood&nbsp; there are many different theories as to what&nbsp;&nbsp; dark matter and dark energy actually are&nbsp; but scientists have been searching for&nbsp;&nbsp; these elusive entities for decades recently&nbsp; new methods of detecting these entities have&nbsp;&nbsp; been developed which could lead to a significant&nbsp; breakthrough in our understanding of the universe&nbsp;&nbsp; so how do scientists even begin to detect what&nbsp; they can't see in science in astrophysics in&nbsp;&nbsp; particular you have the capacity to measure&nbsp; something even if you don't know what it is for&nbsp;&nbsp; example you could measure the fact that something&nbsp; is falling to the ground but not know what it is&nbsp;&nbsp; or what's causing it or why but you can measure&nbsp; it you can measure the sun moving across the sky&nbsp;&nbsp; build calendars based on that and not even know&nbsp; that earth goes around the sun you can make all&nbsp;&nbsp; manner of measurements and not know what's causing&nbsp; it we measure this thing we're calling dark&nbsp;&nbsp; matter we measure this phenomenon dark energy&nbsp; that's forcing the universe to accelerate&nbsp;&nbsp; rebecca liane is an astroparticle physicist at the&nbsp; slac national accelerator laboratory at stanford&nbsp;&nbsp; university she believes that jupiter is an ideal&nbsp; candidate for detecting dark matter jupiter has a&nbsp;&nbsp; large surface area compared to other solar system&nbsp; planets it can capture more incoming particles&nbsp;&nbsp; than any other solar system object liane has&nbsp; been working on detecting dark matter for years&nbsp;&nbsp; in april of 2021 she presented the first dedicated&nbsp; gamma-ray analysis of jupiter using 12 years&nbsp;&nbsp; of data from the fermi telescope which showed&nbsp; evidence for the first time of an astrophysical&nbsp;&nbsp; source of gamma rays however she found no signs&nbsp; of dark matter in the continuing search for dark&nbsp;&nbsp; matter in our universe scientists believe to have&nbsp; found a unique way to use exoplanets as powerful detectors according to yuri smirnov a&nbsp; particle theorist at ohio state university&nbsp;&nbsp; one of the best parts of using exoplanets as&nbsp; dark matter detectors is that it doesn't require&nbsp;&nbsp; any new types of instruments such as telescopes&nbsp; or searches that aren't already being done when the gravity of exoplanets&nbsp; captures dark matter the dark&nbsp;&nbsp; matter travels to the planetary core where it&nbsp; annihilates and releases its energy as heat&nbsp;&nbsp; the more dark matter that is captured&nbsp; the more it should heat up the exoplanet this heating could be measured by nasa's&nbsp; james webb space telescope an infrared&nbsp;&nbsp; telescope scheduled to launch in october that&nbsp; is planned to succeed the hubble space telescope webb will observe many statistics of&nbsp; galaxy evolution and scientists can&nbsp;&nbsp; compare these observations to theories of the&nbsp; role that dark matter played in that process&nbsp;&nbsp; leading to some understanding of the amount&nbsp; and nature of the dark matter in galaxies&nbsp;&nbsp; in 2025 nasa is planning to launch the roman space&nbsp; telescope which is designed to unravel the secrets&nbsp;&nbsp; of dark energy and dark matter search for and&nbsp; image exoplanets and explore many topics in&nbsp;&nbsp; infrared astrophysics if successful this would no&nbsp; doubt be one of the most groundbreaking scientific&nbsp;&nbsp; discoveries that may change our understanding&nbsp; of our existence in the universe as we know it&nbsp;&nbsp; thanks for watching did you like&nbsp; this video then show your support&nbsp;&nbsp; by liking subscribing and ringing the&nbsp; bell to never miss videos like this

  Top Comments:
  1. @VLM03: 😆👆
  2. @JohnHopper-o3p: Not even these guys know the awnsers.
  3. @PEABODYBABYKINS: Dank MATTER
  4. @BaeuerleKlaus: Dark Matter does not exist, proof by space telescope EUCLID   
Google:  zenodo 19078581   >    Euclid: dark matter in question.  Since it does not exist, a placeholder for what it was invented for has to be created,    
Googe:  zenodo 19091534    >   Gravitation challenge.    No other gravitation theory makes so many observations plausible like this one.  Go into the paper
  5. @Tomski_BBfA: There is a relatively new theory, “ISOCH (Isochron Theory),” on Zenodo (CERN) that presents the energy balance cleanly without dark energy. I personally think that dark energy and dark matter are simply auxiliary constructs of modern cosmology.
  6. @GregoryDiamondd: That is what black holes are. As we approach r=R, the velocity of space approaches c, and the density of space approaches its maximum, but finite, density. At the r=R boundary, space reaches its maximum density and undergoes a phase transition. It begins to absorb space like mass. A radially oriented photon clock ceases to function as we approach r=R, so all interactions cease in this direction. Matter, which is a bound state of space, decays into its fundamental form, space, and is absorbed at the r=R boundary. The additional flow of space from the decaying mass disrupts the dynamic equilibrium between the r=R surface and space. To restore this equilibrium, the surface of the r=R sphere must grow. There is no such thing as the interior of a black hole. Therefore, Hawking radiation also does not exist because a second virtual particle cannot fall into a black hole for two reasons: first, because there is nothing for it to fall into, and second, because virtual particles do not exist. Virtual particles are the dark matter of false quantum physics, just as dark matter speaks to the scale of the falsity of general relativity.
  7. @安大业: 暗能量代表了“流动的虚空”，是宇宙演化的原动力。
暗物质代表了“结构化的虚空”，是宇宙演化的蓝图和支撑。
我们所见的普通物质，仅仅是这两者在极窄频率带宽内发生“相干坍缩”后的产物。
宇宙是个驻波几何的变压器，层层向下投射。
暗能量不是外加的宇宙學常數 Λ，而是源头向下投影衰變時產生的 Lattice Tension（晶格張力）。
偽隙積分 η = 31.4% 直接量化了這股張力：被壓制的 31.4% 高頻模態轉化成了對低維時空的持續向外推力，推動宇宙加速膨脹。
暗物質不是粒子，而是投影衰變過程中的非對稱幾何殘影。
它在星系尺度表現為「看不見的質量」，正是因為這些殘影是投影時「遺失」的自由度在低維的拓撲回響。
  8. @Basketball_Debate: Play life like VR. Heaven is for the winners, hell is for the losers.
  9. @Remote-c9r: so how fast is the speed of rotation because on a universe scale just seems so slow you all just sound like dumb moron to me wtf is dark energy
  10. @keithfinch6590: Dark energy is the promordial / pure energy that existed before the big bang or any other hypothesis. It is the backdrop on which everything ride and it came from the closure / ripping apart of a previous universe hence the reason that it exist everywhere
  11. @AminadabBello: This proves the existence of God
  12. @TomHendricksMusea: The Evidence for Dark Matter May Prove That Dark Matter Doesn't Exist!

This post suggests that some of the main arguments used to prove the existence of mysterious Dark Matter, may prove it is Dark Energy instead.

First a math question.  Which is larger 95% or .5% . 
Both dark forces combined (dark energy 70% and dark matter 25%) are 95% of the universe and 190 TIMES larger than all stars combined at .5% !!!
(The rest of the universe is hydrogen, helium, and neutrinos - 4.5%). 

For an analogy, all the stars together are like some dust in the wind - a  wind 190 times more massive than the dust.

Specifically the force of gravity among stars is minuscule, versus the anti gravity like force of Dark Energy from every empty spot in the universe. Then add the mysterious Dark Matter, if it exists.

Clarification.  Dark ENERGY and Dark MATTER are easy to get confused. Here's a quick reminder.

Dark ENERGY 70% of the Universe, is the force that expands the universe from empty space. This expansion is from everywhere  in space where there isn't matter. This may be connected to vacuum energy.

Dark MATTER 25% of the Universe, is the force that seems to act like matter, but  physics can't detect anything there, though there is some indirect proof of it's effect.  See below.

My suggestion is that dark MATTER can't be detected because it really isn't there!!!  

Let's look at FIVE points that current physics have used to support the existence of DARK  MATTER, and I'll suggest reasons they may be DARK  ENERGY instead.

Support for Proof of Dark Matter.  POINT ONE
Stars near the edge of galaxies are going too fast?  Why is this so, and why don't they fly into space?  Must be dark matter?

Support for Dark Energy Instead:
The more massive force of Dark Energy from empty space outside the Galaxy is pushing the matter into the galaxy.  Therfore they can't fly into space.
There is dark energy inside the Galaxy pushing back but it is much weaker because of all the matter blocking it, inside the Galaxy .
Further: The more massive force of Dark energy from outside the Galaxy may be so powerful it is spinning the Galaxy too.  We know that dark energy is so powerful it can separate galaxies. 
SEE ILLUSTRATION.  
ARROWS REPRESENT DARK ENERGY FROM EMPTY SPACE 

Support for Proof of Dark Matter.  POINT TWO
Clusters of galaxies are bunched together.

Support for Dark Energy Instead.
The voids of empty space outside the bunched up galaxies, have strong dark energy pushing the galaxies together.  This dark energy force outside the galaxies is stronger than the dark energy force between the galaxies that is pushing them apart.
For an illustration, consider the Casimir Effect on a galactic scale.

Support for Proof of Dark Matter POINT THREE
When galaxies collide the majority of gravity is not where matter is.

Support for Dark Energy Instead.
Yes, and that is because the force is not gravity between stars drawing them together;  but dark energy from empty space between stars pushing the stars together. This mimics gravity but as an anti gravity force. This force of dark energy is not where matter is.

Support for Proof of Dark Matter POINT FOUR
Light distortion and gravitational lensing suggest dark matter is there and bending the light.

Support for Dark Energy Instead.
The force of dark energy from empty space can push light around matter from the outside, more than matter can pull light toward it.

Support for Proof of Dark Matter POINT FIVE.
A clue about dark matter is that it is cold and slow moving.

Support for Dark Energy Instead.
Dark energy IS cold and slow moving as it expands the universe from every bit of empty space.  Further dark energy exists, and dark matter can't be found.

Summary:
Dark Matter, is it the glue holding the Universe together?
OR
Dark Energy, is it the force pushing the universe together from empty space?

My suggestion is that dark matter is dark energy too and together they make up 95% of the universe. Which leaves very little left over for matter.  This massive dark energy answers many questions in physics.

Thanks for reading. See my other videos and posts for more about my model and how it ties all these ideas together.  Feel free to share.
  13. @adriennekaasjager5972: As above so is below: black energy holds things together: energetic glue. Some people have it in their souls, they attract, by simply being creating a center for others to spin around...
  14. @Aashking-e6b: When I had been a child I thought space as the metamorphosis particle of material world
  15. @Aashking-e6b: Dark matter exists an isolated matter that helps the celestial body to work on gravity
  16. @Aashking-e6b: By finding the genesis and origin of dark matter we may understand how space is developed
  17. @Aashking-e6b: If consider dark matter than how it is possible
  18. @Aashking-e6b: If atom is invisible on earth tha what is invisible in dark matter
  19. @Aashking-e6b: This is how time relativity is possible
  20. @Aashking-e6b: If gravity exists in space than how gravity exists on earth it's much variance

- Why Do Cold and Warm Fronts Matter?: Kind: captions Language: en all right if you've ever watched the news no doubt you've heard a weatherman using the terms cold front and warm front and these are often used because they're often associated with severe weather that could be coming in and because of that it's important to understand the science behind them so I figured that's what we'll do throughout the course of this video so what I've drawn around here is a low pressure system the white lines represent isobars or lines of constant pressure and your pressure is dropping as you get closer to where you see that blue L now around this lobe you'll often see this on a weather map you're going to have your cold front right on almost stretching to the south of that low and on your cold front you know it's a cold front one because it's going to be blue so it's well colored and then also because you see these little blue triangles right there now where you normally see a warm front is going to be on this side of your low and you're going to know it's a warm front because well it's red and it has these little red semi-circles now those actually tell you more than you would think it tells you the direction the front is moving you can almost think of them as arrows like in the example of the warm front here you could think of them as little arrows like that and behind it is warm air right here and then on top of that warm front you may actually see some things like thunderstorms tornadoes but usually that's not where you see your most severe weather your most severe weather is usually right along the cold front you could think of cold air moving in like this and around the cold front that's where it's replacing the warm air in front of it and it's pushing that warm air up the cold front you get a large amount of cloud formation that's where you'd get most of your rainfall your Gusty winds and lots of other features that are important in terms of weather now to understand that I think it's actually easier to look at kind of a 3D picture of it so we'll just start two new little drawings right here and we'll look at a cold front first so let's say you have some warm air right here and then we're going to say that some cold air is going to be moving in to replace that warm air and that might be a bit steep so I'm actually going to redraw that usually it's about like that and this is going to be your cold air and then right along that boundary is going to be your cold front so you have cold air moving in replacing your warm air now what's going to happen to the warm air is it's going to rise up like this now why is it going to rise up well it all comes back to density warm air typically less dense than cold air so as that cold air moves in you can almost think of it as if you're like pushing a rock through sand the sand is just going to rise up against that rock the reason this is important though is where you get Rising warm air it cools down as it rises up it the atmosphere on typically depends I guess depends on which layer of the atmosphere you're talking about but you can for a rule of thumb in the troposphere you could say that air gets colder as you go up so as this warm air rises because it's less dense than the cold air and it's being pushed up it is going to get colder as it gets colder it can't hold as much moisture so what's going to happen is you are going to form clouds where that warm air has risen up now what's going to happen after that is you're going to get precipitation underneath that cloud and you're not only going to get that but you're going to get maybe Gusty winds and then a big change in temperature as well so there's a few different ways you'd know a cold front is coming the easiest way is just thinking about temperatures you might be 40 degrees in here and then just on the other side might be 75 degrees and this is actually something we saw this week this Monday was 75 degrees and sunny we had a cold air move into the cold front move into the central coast and now our daytime Highs are around 48 degrees now one other thing that I want to talk about on this cold front and I should probably label this so this is a cold front why is it as steep as it is this is actually my favorite thing that I've learned about a cold front it has to do with friction you imagine if you were pouring something that is kind of dense maybe like pudding or oatmeal it's not going to just like flow out and be flat like water it's going to have like this little lip on it and if you're trying to move it forward it's going to pile up because of the friction down between the air and the surface so what I learned today which I think is a pretty cool fact is when a cold front is moving fast you're going to have a steeper boundary meaning you have all of your clouds being pushed up in the same place so you're going to get probably more intense weather but it's not going to last as long versus if your cold front is slow moving like the one we have going into California right now it's not going to be pushed up as much by friction it's going to be a bit more gradual and your clouds are going to form over a longer stretch of space and because of that you may pick up scattered showers for a longer period of time but it most likely won't be as intense so on a cold frontal boundary you can get rain snow wind thunderstorms all kinds of different weather phenomena so now let's talk about what goes on in a warm front and this is interesting because it's actually very different than a cold front you'd think it would be the same mechanism but it's almost the opposite let's first draw the back end of a cold air system so this is our cold air you can think of this almost like if we were to draw the back end of that cold front we were just looking at it's moving this direction so towards let's say the east and as it is because of friction it's actually making like a little tail on the cold on that cold air mass so what's going to happen is our warm is going to be moving in like this and it's going to go over the cold air what you call what you call this is over running it's a perfect term and what's going to happen here again it's rising up over the cold air because it's less dense because it's warm and then now this is where you're going to see your clouds forming and it's going to be a lot more gradual so it's not going to be as intense but you can still see some severe weather in cases some cases you can get thunderstorms tornadoes but what I think is the coolest thing that I learned about warm fronts is if you were driving from east to west in this situation right here you would actually be able to see all kinds of different weather over the course of a very short drive at first you might actually even be seeing some snowfall right there where your air is still cold enough but then as you continue driving that precipitation would transition into rain as your air gets warmer and that eventually you're going to break off into the boundary of cold and warm air and then end up where it's maybe just beautiful weather overall so hopefully all of that information was helpful to you and you might understand cold and warm fronts a little bit better the next time your weather forecaster is talking about them if you have any questions let me know in the comments and I'll try to answer them much many more whether educational drawings hopefully to come and I'm slowly getting better at drawing so that's that's good to see I would say so hopefully this video was helpful and thanks for watching

  Top Comments:
  1. @thomasfoster1985 [1 likes]: THANK YOU SO MUCH. I had trouble understanding why cold and warm fronts were different, because it just seems like two masses of air moving relative to each other, I couldn't see why the boundaries would take a different shape. Once you started talking about friction it all started clicking together. Looking at it now as a problem of reversibility, it seems obvious that friction would play a part as it so often does it such cases.

- Explained | How are Cyclones formed | Hurricanes and Cyclones | Curious DNA: Kind: captions Language: en Cyclones generally occur in 3 stages : Tropical Cyclones, severe Cyclones and Super cyclones. When the storm in a Cyclone blows at a speed of less than 74 miles/hour, it is called a Tropical Cyclone. When it gets intense and the speed is between 75 to 120 miles/Hour, then it becomes a Cyclone or a Severe Cyclone. When the Speed increases for more than 120 miles per hour. It becomes a Super Cyclone. How are these cyclones formed? Where are they initiated? Hurricanes, Typhoons, what are they? Let’s see. By the way, Don’t forget to subscribe to DNA, so that you don’t miss out any of the new videos that we post. Cyclone is a general term used by meteorologists to describe any rotating, organized cloud that originate over waters. Cyclones, Hurricanes, Typhoons. One Event but different names depending on the location. In Atlantic and Northeast Pacific it is called “Hurricane” . In Northwest Pacific, it is termed as “Typhoon” and in the South Pacific and Indian Ocean it is called a “Cyclone”. You can also, classify them with hemispheres, the Northern ones as Hurricanes and Southern ones as Cyclones. There are also a few other differences in them apart from where they originate, like the cyclones are usually Clockwise and Hurricanes are Counterclockwise. Where do these Cyclones Originate? When the Atmospheric pressure is low over a large waterbody, that is still and the temperature of the water is more than 26.5*C, then they form into a cyclone. What is atmospheric pressure in general terms? The density of Air in our atmosphere differs from place to place, They are not same everywhere. Atmospheric pressure is the weight of Air acting against the surface of the Earth, along with Gravity. Air in the atmosphere creates a pressure on Earth’s Surface called Atmospheric pressure. Atmospheric pressure is more on the earth surface and as we move upwards, there is less amount of air and hence atmospheric pressure decreases. When there is low Atmospheric pressure on a Large water body on earth surface, they turn into a cyclone. This process of thin air circulating, strengthening and developing into Cyclonic formation is called Cyclogenesis. So how does it become a huge stormy, cloudy Cyclone? When the atmospheric pressure is low, the warm air rises to fill the gaps and cold air goes down, as they have moisture in it. The warm air as it reaches the place, it becomes more warm and it rises rapidly Thus creating more Gap. So the surrounding air rushes in, to fill the place. These filling air travels at greater speed and from longer distance. When they reach the area, instead of filling the gaps, they start circulating thus creating a spiral. After that any air travelling to fill the gap has to join the spiral. Because Air cannot pass through spiral directly. Usually Tropical Cyclones range from 100kms to 2000kms in diameter. When a large amount of air is rushing to fill the gap, they form huge Cyclones and the spiral structure is becomes larger and larger penetrating the clouds and thus creating Thunderstorms. Tropical Cyclones can grow up to a height of 10kms and they last from 3 – 7 days, depending on the speed of the storm, how far it is from the land, and how big it is. Cyclones usually fade away or die, when they cross the land area. There is a misconception that the buildings and other interruptions on the land surface act as a barrier and stop the cyclone. But that’s not it. When the Cyclonic Storm crosses the land surface, the main source of the cyclone, that is the “warm water” is taken away. Cyclones work with Moist warm Air. So when it crosses a cold water surface or a land surface, they die. Since 957 A.D, for almost 1000 years now, there has been at least 11,982 recorded Tropical Cyclones in the Atlantic, Pacific and Indian Ocean. And So far the largest ever recorded is the “Typhoon Tip” that occurred in 1979 in the South Pacific ocean near Philippines, which was 2200 km in Diameter with a wind speed of 190 miles per hour, that is 305km/hr. It lasted for almost 20 days. This is said to be the largest and strongest Cyclone ever recorded in history. For More Information videos on Science, Technology, History and many more. Subscribe to DNA.

  Top Comments:
  1. @charankumar9897 [8 likes]: I am here when Cyclone Montha is about to cross the land in Indian state of Andhra Pradesh
  2. @shafeeahamed7757 [6 likes]: Who else here after cyclon Ditwah in Sri Lanka😥
  3. @UNIVERSALRELIGION-c4w: Thanks. I LOVE YOU ❤️
  4. @DonChriss-v9c9p: Indeed
  5. @HewettFamily-y7g: wow I did not know that
  6. @tangitoaho4344: here in 9 April 2026
  7. @subhadramunda9607: Matlab kuch v yrrrr😂🤣😝🥱😒🙄
  8. @satyaynarayana: Super, simple and very clear explanation....
Thanks a lot
  9. @EnokaUaai: Sent me more pls
  10. @oink.reporter: Norther
  11. @SanjuSangade: Cycloned intry to dajbin world is reledt apdet .indian pune
  12. @MagdalenaBelcescu: By boder god Daughter a lot ..and pissing daddy's god And god daughter pregnant since BC times oceans Wombs sun milk way..
And was no Jesus and all banks international are closing as is mary Magdalena pregnant since BC times and no more agriculture as amounts of diseases .. means the hair Mary Magdalena pregnant since BC times is Poisoned Destroyed...by Factor Risks they invented religious
  13. @Renny71111: very informative. thanks
  14. @julekacouffaine5372: 2:00
  15. @yunusalibohra6308: I am really very surprised to see this
  16. @JackoKing_2007: Cyclone Alfred in Brisbane wasn’t as bad luckily
  17. @BrianHallmond: Cyrone Alfred chilled out. But still did some gnarly damage!
  18. @wesderngentleman8820: The way he said Philippines
  19. @Jaclyn-z8d: Anyone here from Alfred? March 2025
  20. @performance_revolution: Whose here because of Cyclone Alfred?

- Learn About Weather and States of Matter | Educational Science Video for Kids: Kind: captions Language: en Hey Brainiacs. Check out our cool new Weather Explorer Truck! It’s super heavy and extra tough so it can handle extreme conditions and lots of different types of weather, like rain, snow, thunderstorms, and even tornados! Have you ever wondered what causes all of these different weather patterns? Before we learn how weather works, we need to know what matter is. Welcome back to Brain Candy TV. Everything you see around you is made of matter: our weather-explorer truck, the trees, the ground and even things we can’t see, like air we breath, it's all made of matter. Matter is made up lots and lots of really tiny things called atoms that are too small to see with our eyes. The three most common types of matter that we experience every day are solid, liquid and gas. Atoms are always moving. When atoms are just moving a little bit, but are held firmly in place, we call that type of matter a solid. Since the atoms are held tightly together, a solid has a definite shape and a definite volume, like these blocks of ice. When atoms are heated up, they move around faster and can start to slip and slide around each other. This turns the solid into a liquid. A liquid's shape will change to match its container. But the amount of space it takes up, also called its volume, doesn’t change. The water in these puddles is an example of a liquid. When the atoms of a liquid are heated up even more, they start to fly away from each other and spread out. When the atoms can fly around freely, this is called a gas. A gas does not have a definite shape or a definite volume. A gas will fly around and fill whatever container it is in, like the water vapour in this fog. Most gasses have atoms that are so far apart that we can’t even see them, like the air we breath. Even though we can’t see the air, we can feel it on our skin and see it wiggle the branches of the trees when the wind blows. But what causes the wind? Remember that when atoms heat up, they start to move faster and spread farther apart. When the sun shines on one side of the Earth, it heats up the atoms in the air which makes them This makes the air lighter so it starts to rise higher into the atmosphere. It’s just like when the burners of the hot air balloon heat the air inside the big colourful envelope. The hot air atoms get more spread out which makes the hot air lighter than the colder air around it, so the hot air floats up into the sky. When the hot air on the sunny side of the Earth rises up into the atmosphere, cooler air from the surrounding area rushes in to take its place. As the Earth spins, this rising of the hot air on the sunny part of the Earth and rushing in of the cooler air is what causes most of the wind to blow. Did you ever wonder how clouds are made and how they get way up into the sky? We see clouds come and go, but how did they get there? When liquid water is warmed up, some of the atoms fly away in the form of an invisible gas called water vapour. This process of changing from a liquid to a gas is called evaporation. Alright Lizzy, let’s activate our Weather Explorer’s flight mode and check out those clouds up close! As the invisible water vapor floats higher and higher, the air gets colder and thinner. This cold, low pressure air turns the water vapor gas back into tiny drops of liquid water or ice that stick to little bits of dust floating in the air. When lots of these tiny droplets of water form at the same time, they make a cloud! This process of changing from a gas to a liquid is called condensation. Have you ever wondered what it would be like to fly up through a cloud?! Let’s try it! Whoa, that was so cool! Isn't it beautiful up here? No matter how dark and dreary it gets on a cloudy day, it’s always nice sunny up above the clouds! Sometimes when the air is just right, a cloud can form at ground level instead of up in the sky. When a cloud forms at ground level, it’s called fog. So if you take a drive on a foggy day, it’s kind of like you’re driving right through the middle of a cloud! Cool! Stay tuned! We'll be back after these messages. When the tiny water droplets in the cloud clump together and get bigger and heavier, they will fall back to the ground. Do you know what these falling water drops are called? That’s right, it’s rain! The rain falls back to the ground or into the lakes and oceans. When the rain falls down to the ground, we call that process precipitation. When the clouds go away and the sun comes out, the water starts to evaporate again and the whole process starts over. This process of repeating evaporation, condensation, and precipitation is called the water cycle. If the air is extra cold when a cloud forms, the water vapor will turn into little solid ice crystals instead of water droplets. What do you think it’s called when these ice crystals are heavy enough to fall down to the ground? That’s right! That’s how SNOW is made! Since snow is a solid, it can build up on the ground and stay there for a long time. It’s a good thing our Weather Explorer Truck has big snow tires so it can easily drive through the deep snow. The air gets colder as you go higher up in the sky. That’s why you’ll often see snow on the tops of mountains. It's really cold at the top of this mountain. Look at all of that snow! Sometimes, when the temperature changes quickly, big heavy clouds and strong winds are created. These are the right conditions to make a thunderstorm! Have you ever rubbed your shoes on the carpet and then got a little shock when you touched a door knob? The rubbing action creates a static electrical charge in your body, and when you touch the metal doorknob, the electrical charge jumps from your finger to the metal doorknob since the metal is good at conducting electricity. Lightning works the same way, but on a much bigger scale. When storm clouds get whipped up by strong winds, little particles of rain, snow and ice will rub against each other, and this creates a static electrical charge. Often, the bottom of a cloud becomes negatively charged and the ground below becomes positively charged. These positive charges and negative charges are attracted to each other like magnets but they are very far apart so they can’t reach each other. But, when the electrical charges become really strong, they can jump large distances between clouds or even all the way to the ground. When this happens, it creates a lightning bolt! When a big lighting bolt shoots across the sky, it instantly heats the surrounding air to around fifty-thousand degrees Fahrenheit. This makes the air around the lighting expand very quickly, creating a shockwave and a loud bang. Then the air cools quickly and squeezes back into place, which makes a long rumbling sound. These loud noises caused by the expanding and contracting air is called thunder! If you watch a thunderstorm from your window, you might notice that the sound usually comes much later than the lightning bolt. That's because light travels almost a million times faster than sound. That's like comparing the speed of this snail that only moves 1 mm every second, to the fastest jet in the world, which can fly at almost 1 km per second. So even if the lightning bolt is really far away, we can see its light almost immediately, but it takes around five seconds for the sound to travel one mile, or three seconds to travel one kilometer. So if you hear thunder five seconds after seeing a lightning strike, that means the lighting is around one mile away. Let's count the seconds to see how far away the lightning is. One...two...three...four...five. [Sound of thunder] The sound from lightning strike took five seconds to get to us, so it was one mile away. Let’s time the next one. One, two, thr… [Sound of thunder] That time the thunder took only two and a half seconds, so the lighting was only half a mile away. Sometimes, when there is a really big storm called a supercell, it can create very strong rotating winds that spiral up into the air. This is called a mesocyclone! If the storm also has extra heavy rainfall, the rain can drag the mesocyclone all the way down to the ground, and that’s how we get a tornado! Tornados have dangerous winds that can move up to 300 miles per hour. That’s as fast as the fastest hypercar in the world! This is what 300 miles per hour looks like. Whoa, tornados have some SUPER fast winds! Tornados are very dangerous, so if you ever see a tornado, make sure you get somewhere safe as soon as possible. Luckily, all of the people and animals from this farm have already left town to stay safe from the tornado. In fact, even though our Weather Explorer is really tough, maybe we should get out of here too! Come on Lizzy, let's get outta here! Whoa, keep it steady, Lizzy! Those winds from the tornado are super strong! Ah, that’s better. The weather is much nicer over here! Isn’t weather fascinating? I hope you enjoyed learning about weather with us, Brainiacs. Thanks to of all of our amazing Patreon Patrons for your support of our show! Special thanks to our new Super Brainiacs!: Sawyer & Nate, Liam Coreone, Genaro, Arin, Torren, Anthony and Eden, David Lee Barr, Finley Wilder, Tyler and Bennett, Quinn and Augie, Ryan and Hayden, Hunter, Xavier, Jonah, March, Gabe & Freya, Micah, Jon IV and Robin, Lenny F, Adriana and Connor, Weston, Nick Davin, Jack, and Yuvi and Yash. As well as our new Firetruck level Brainiacs: Theo, Lilah, Eli, Noelle and Violet, Evangeline, Dillon and Kensley, Easton, Joshua S, Ellis, Joshua and Hazel, Olivia Gonzalez, Miles, Derek C, Zeddicus, Jude, PJ and Olivia, Connor and Corey, Milo and Emmett, Wyatt, Ethan, Kian and Remy, Max, Alexander Orion, and Alyse, James and Davis. You're awesome! Hey parents! If you’d like to see YOUR child’s name in the credits and other fun perks, please check out our Patreon page at patreon.com/braincandytv. Thanks so much for your support. It really means a lot! Thanks for watching, Brainiacs. See you next time!

- Hope In The Storm (Hope Has A Name): Kind: captions Language: en [music] Good morning and welcome to Elevate Your Day. Thanks for tuning in. You're live with us on the air [music] with our green room, our folks in our Podbean live podcast room. Good morning again to Amber Lee, Karen Bowler, Bishop Pat from Nigeria, and Annette from the Netherlands, Andy from Texas, and Amber Lee. Did I say Amber Lee? She's from Nebraska. So, welcome everyone to the studio that are in here that want to type something in and thanks again to everyone else who are listening on the other platforms including Scanner FM. So, it's time it's time for Elevate Your Day. Good morning. >> Good morning. >> It's good to see you in the studio again as always. >> I mean, except on Tuesdays when you have to go to your women's Bible study, right? >> Yes. >> Yeah. So, it's Friday and it's day five in our five-day study. And hope has been a really good devotional this week. And you know, with this pending ice and snowstorm that's hitting the country, >> Mhm. >> this would be a good time to talk about hope in the storm. >> Sounds like a great plan. >> And we just listened to Casting Crowns praise you in the storm. >> And now we're going to start our fifth day here with Hope has a name. Sometimes in moments of despair and hopelessness, we feel like we're drowning. But the enemy of our souls wants to keep us there. Reach out to the life preserver in front of you. His name is Jesus. >> Ah, the life preserver. Mhm. This is by Susie O'Neal and she writes in this devotional today. Wrapping things up. I went through a time when my life and soul were in the middle of a storm. Tears obscured my vision as [music] I tried desperately to navigate the raging waters that encircled my heart. I wanted God to take the helm, direct my path, and take me safely into the harbor. And we have a nice picture here on the website that you put up there, Andy. He calmed the storm to a whisper and stilled the waves. Psalm 107:25. >> I just wanted to read that and I'll type that in here as Andy reads the next part here. >> I asked God to be part I asked God to part the waters so I could walk through. I longed to step on dry land again where I could feel the security of the earth below me. But as hard as I prayed, I continued to face unending swells that threatened to capsize my life. During that season, I was giving up hope. I think we all go through those times where we don't feel like we're grounded. We don't feel like um like we're just being pushed to and fro, >> Yeah. Like uh the waves. >> And you know, doesn't he say that that's kind of a really bad place to be in? Like not deciding something? kind of being out there in the ocean waving around like a ship lost at sea, >> right? No control. It's total lack of control in that scenario. Psalm 91:1 and2 says, "He who dwells in the shelter of the most high will abide in the shadow of the almighty. [music] I will say to the Lord, my refuge and my fortress, my God in whom I trust." He also said in Isaiah 54:11, getting back to our devotional here, he said, "Oh afflicted one, storm tossed and not comforted, behold, I will set your stones in antimony and lay your foundations with sapphires." >> So, oh afflicted one, the Lord has riches and sapphires and good plans for you. All of us who follow him though, he has that plan. He's got great plans for us, >> right? >> If we just obey him. So just stay obedient and you are certainly welcome, my friend Dada. Sometimes in these moments, there are no eloquent words to say. I was lucky to squeak out a weak whisper of help between the tears falling as hard as the rainstorm. Every time I felt like I could catch my breath, I was pulled under the under the temptuous waves with another problem, another situation, another failure. All of my strength was spent trying to get to the surface to orient myself before being drugged down again. >> That's what the enemy of our souls wants. >> Right. He wants us to focus on the storm. Because if we're focused on the storm or the problem, then we won't be able to remember the promises and the provision. >> Right? >> In my strength, I could keep kicking and fighting the waves or I could reach out to the life preserver in front of me the whole time. His name is Jesus. And I say that because that still takes effort. You know, people say, "Well, you know, I know that's I just [music] I want to work at it. I want to I want to do it. Me do it. I do it right. I do it. Keep reaching and fighting and I'm going to win." And really, sometimes it's almost as much work to stop fighting. It's not It's not the easy way out. >> No. >> But it's the best way out. But in just stop fighting and and reach out, which is an action. That's not just make yourself available. Right. >> Right. >> It's not just, okay, I give up, God. No, you need to reach out. God's there all the time. You need to reach out to him. Don't feel like, oh, God's reaching out to me. You need to make time for God and reach out to him. to reach out to the life preserver in front of you instead of just waiting for him to take control. I mean, that's proactive. I like the way that author said that there. >> Mhm. Luke 8:24. And they went and woke him, saying, "Master, master, we are perishing." And he awoke and rebuked the wind in the waves, and they ceased, and there was calm. >> Uh, this is in the middle of the storm rather with the fisherman. This is pointing out the fact that there was a storm until they reached out to him and said, "Hey, can you do something about this?" >> It took action. >> They could have been completely faithless cuz that's what he called him. Uh they could have been completely faithless and just let him sleep and been like rumor about him and say, "Well, he's not really God. You know, he's just sleeping through the storm. We're all going to die." Basically, that's what they were saying. But they finally did reach out. They took action. And master, master, we are perishing. When lightning flashes across the sky and thunder rumbles in the distance, stop and remember that this isn't the first storm you've ever faced, and it probably won't be the last. In the most challenging times, the Father's love can often be felt, for his power is made perfect in our weakness. >> That's right. >> That's a quote from Paul there. The disciples were confused when Jesus slept in the boat during a terrible storm. They all felt like they would drown and perish in the sea. Jesus slept because he knew who his father was. He knew that he was safely held in God's capable hands and that nothing could ever snatch him from the protection of that mighty hand. When he needed to, Jesus stood up, rebuked the winds and the waves, spoke peace into the storm, and it ceased. Hm. Nahm 1 13 The Lord is slow to anger and great in power and the Lord will by no means clear the guilty. His way is in whirlwind and storm and the clouds are the dust of his feet. Now I have not read much of Naam. >> I haven't either. >> Let's read that again. The Lord is slow to anger and great in power. And the Lord will by no means clear the guilty. His way is in whirl, wind, and storm, and the clouds are the dust of his feet. So don't think you're going to get away with something. >> Yeah. [laughter] >> What? That's my rephrasing there. >> Yeah. Right. Right. So Jesus stood up and rebuked the winds and the waves and spoke peace into the storm. He will do the same for you. Take heart today, my friends. Jesus is with you in the rain and he still reigns. >> He reigns. >> May Christ Jesus sustain you through this challenging season. Restore your hope and be the peace in your storm. But he said to me, "My grace is sufficient for you. For my power is made perfect in weakness. Therefore, I will boast all the more gladly of my weaknesses so that the power of Christ may rest upon me." 2 Corinthians 12:9. >> I pray the Lord has spoken to you for these 5 days. We long for you to hold on to the greatest hope of all, Christ Jesus. You know, that's what we talk about all the time on this podcast. >> It's just all about him. And no matter what the world tells you, no matter what you see in the newsh, no matter what it looks like around you, never let go of the one who holds you in the palm of his hand. >> Hope has a name. His name is Jesus. >> Thank you, Susie, for that devotional for these five days. He does rain, right? Mhm. >> Through all of it, through all of this, he reigns. And he is there is a chance for the guilty to have clearance. In Naom, it says, "The Lord is slow to anger, great in power, and the Lord will by no means clear the guilty." Well, the the Lord himself doesn't necessarily clear the guilty because he can't be exposed to sin. He can't see sin at all. Right? That's why he had to send his son Jesus >> to face that sin face to face that temptation and the world. He had to send him for that reason. So it was Jesus actually who supplied the means to clear the guilt. >> There you go. It's the blood [music] of the lamb. >> But in order to clear your guilt, you need to surrender to Jesus. >> Yeah. and get out of the storm and the clouds of the dust of his feet and get into his grace. >> Yes, >> because he reigns. Dear Lord, thank you so much for this devotional this week from Susie and thank you for those who listen to it. Thank you for those who will now take this word, your precious, most holy word and apply it to their lives and to share it with others by telling their story of how Jesus changed their lives. >> Lord, help us all to tell everyone more about Jesus and the hope that he provides. We pray for each and every individual that has come across this podcast or will come across this podcast. We pray for the Holy Spirit to enter their life through salvation of the Lord Jesus Christ. For it is in his precious holy name we pray. Amen. I'm la I'm love. Heat. Heat. N. me.

- Navigate the Florida Insurance Market Like An Expert! | New Florida Insurance Reforms Explained: Kind: captions Language: en foreign [Music] podcast today I am joined by a wonderful guest I'm excited about because we've got this insurance conundrum going on in Florida right now so I have Mr Ryan Locke with lock Insurance Agency a 10-year vet in the game seven-year independent owner of his business and you know you've written over 5000 policies and it's great to have someone like an expert Like You on the show today so thanks for joining us absolutely Quinn thanks for the introduction looking forward to it man yeah it's going to be a great one you know there's a lot of stuff going on in the insurance World specifically this podcast today is driven towards the State of Florida and you know I think there's a lot of misconceptions but more importantly there are some things that impact every homeowner and every future homeowner that I thought was worth a podcast to talk about today because you know we just saw a local news story at news4jax uh come out yesterday and I was just thought wow that couldn't have been more wrong for many different reasons and so I was like you know what let me call one of the experts I know Ryan hey can I get you on the podcast and you know here we are today to kind of go through it so again thanks for joining me appreciate it glad to have you on the show Absolutely thanks again so let's talk about home on Insurance you know I mean I mean obviously this is a no-brainer right Insurance on your home I think most the audience gets this because they have a policy or they understand it but for those that don't when you become a homeowner you have to have insurance on the home opposite of rental insurance and this insurance is there to protect the dwelling and the content inside the dwelling and any accidents that could happen on the property that's correct and so this is a normal policy with nothing really outside of the realm on it and we've had some standard costs in the State of Florida where most people could look at a home let's say it's four hundred thousand dollars and they go well I think the insurance policy is going to be somewhere between 1500 and 1800 and you've been able to kind of run that route for years is that correct that's exactly correct so I mean I feel like that's been the normal and then what's happened in the State of Florida specifically let's travel back in time to 2017 when Irma came through and you know insurance is interesting because when you have homeowners insurance someone like yourself who's an independent agent walk us through the process when I call you and I go hey Ryan I'm looking for homeowners insurance oftentimes people go I got my guy I got this person but you're an independent agent which means you own the book of business and you have carriers that come to you and say Ryan we want you to issue policies through us let's explain the difference between a carrier and an agent for the audience as we set the stage so a carrier is the actual insurance company that's writing the policy the legally binding contract with the insured we are an agent so we represent those carriers write the policies through them okay in Florida a lot of times you cannot go direct to the carrier um give me an example of a carrier like what's the name uh like American Integrity okay so if I wanted to go knock on American integrity's door and say you know knock knock American Integrity or dial their number I'd like to buy a policy through you they're going to say hey we'd love to sell it to you but you got to go to one of our independent contractors or one of our independent Florida licensed insurance agents that issue through us that is exactly right and you would be one of those correct okay so go ahead carrier uh difference between a carrier and a yeah sorry to cut you off no no you're good yeah so we act as basically the middleman to ensure your house okay um keep going yeah so I mean like for me like the way I take a look at this is when I say a carrier I think okay it's important to know that because the issue that's kind of systemically happening in the State of Florida surrounds the carriers it doesn't surround the insurance agent because you're like man I'll ask you insurance for days you know you you get paid issue Insurance that's what you want to do the the risk seems to be with the carriers and that seems to be where the the issue is taking place here in the State of Florida right now so to kind of set the tone I wanted to explain the difference between carriers and agents so people that are listening to this understand that is correct yeah and so in 2017 even before 17 we had numerous hurricanes come through the State of Florida anytime there's a catastrophic damage or you know anything that happens inside of a carrier's coverage area whether it's a tornado or whether it's a hurricane it puts immense amount of pressure on their funds that they have secured to pay those damages and to help that homeowner rebuild or file the claim on what they are owed from that damage that is correct well in 2017 Irma did significant damage in the State of Florida and so you had a lot of carriers that depleted their funds actually almost ran out of funds some did and that's when kind of The Exodus of carriers started to happen a little bit correct and so in 17 I don't know exactly how many carriers left the state of Florida but I think it was like 20 of the carriers had started to pull out and then in 2018 hurricane Michael comes through and then we have another compounding effect of what happened in 2017 and other carriers that had a little bit of funds left that they were replenishing now that's gone that is correct and so they were forced to leave the state and so fast forward to 2020 we're dealing with let's say I mean just off off cuff right no not holding any specifics areas but in 2020 how many carriers do you think we had active in the State of Florida at this time probably about 50. okay so 50 carriers in 2020. now 2020 2021 we know we all know what happened but people were working from home in the state of Florida some were back to work later in 21 but most were at home in 2020 and when you're at home during that time you start going man you know what like um this needs to be fixed you know what I need to fix that and the challenge is when you want to file a claim on something that means you got to be home for the inspector you got to be home to do a lot of things well in 20 20 21 a lot of people were home that's right they had a lot of time on their hands to say I I pay homeowners insurance that's what this is for I should file a claim correct but yet that's not what that's not what's got us to where we are here today it's the roofing claims that have kind of caused the conundrum and that's where the bulk of this podcast is going to take place on the of the conversation I want to set the scene for how he got there but imagine imagine and you may be an audience member may have been able to take advantage of this but if someone came knocking on your door during 2020 and 2021 talking about you should get a new roof and here's how you should do it I would say that that would represent the majority of homeowners in the State of Florida absolutely 100 so kind of walk me through the damage if you may of what was happening the impacts of that door knocking and kind of uh enticing people to get a new roof because as a homeowner I come to you and say hey do you want a new roof you're going like yeah man why not let me get a new roof for free but explain what was really happening kind of give us an idea of ology of what was going on in the background yeah I mean essentially it's Construction and Roofing fraud okay knocking on your doors telling you they will get you a free roof and not only get you a free roof but also pay for your deductible that as a policyholder you are supposed to pay so no way to sugarcoat it true construction Roofing fraud so they would come in and they would say hey you're going to get a free roof and here's how we're going to do it where did the fraud take place because it's my understanding they were saying well you've got damage from a storm up here that's correct okay so they would take a 15 year old roof that is wear and tear old age no storm damage and basically try and create a cause Peril from an insurance policy to get the insurance company to pay for it and for our audience cause Peril means what meaning uh covered cause of loss in your insurance contract wind hail yeah I even heard rumors that they would go up there and they would hammer the roof and they would make the indentions to make it look like hell had damaged the roof is that correct I have I have heard it in fact a few weeks ago I had a new first time home buyer call me say somebody knocked on his door within 30 minutes he heard Justin crazy amount of noise and called me and said hey what do I do I mean that it's literally happening every day still that's incredible so so we have this this battle that's happening on the front lines of the doorstep of homeowners roofers knocking on doors and so here's what what happened and correct me if I'm wrong the the roofer would say I can help you get this I need you to file a claim and then assign the benefits to me that's correct so what does assignment of benefits to a roofer mean in this situation it basically means that you as the whole homeowner the owner of the insurance contract are giving your benefits away to a third party I.E roofer public adjuster okay attorney that person Now controls the entire process of the claim versus you the homeowner so what's the danger of assignment of benefits what does that mean in this particular case in a nutshell it means you have no say so from the time you assign your benefits over dang it's like I'm giving my benefits to a roofer who has a financial stake in this game does that mean the roofer can charge whatever they want at this particular case or does it have to be within means absolutely they can charge charge whatever they want and unfortunately it's nine out of ten times way more than the roof should cost yeah and so what so exactly so you got a roof that's maybe a 20 000 roof now being put in for forty thousand dollars right and so the insurance agents they know I mean they know this doesn't cost forty thousand so what's their alternative here did they say I'm not paying that or do they say I'm gonna pay it what's going on in the background here well to take it back a little bit so what happens is these roofing companies usually have an in-house attorney or someone an attorney that they refer it to um and right now an attorney can charge three times their typical hourly rate on an insurance claim so what three times three times their typical hourly rate so if they're already rates 500 they're getting fifteen hundred dollars for this particular situation on an insurance claim that's that's correct that's dangerous very very dangerous yeah um so that roofing company who who says we promise we can get you a new roof they bring in an attorney into the mix and that does nothing but what Drive the claim off sure so a typical twelve thousand dollar roof claim anywhere in the country in Florida that claim because of the litigation because of everything that goes into it that twelve thousand dollar claim average is thirty five thousand dollars paid on in Florida holy cow thirty five thousand average claims that's correct three times so we're gonna come back to that number because I got some stats here that I pulled up but that's astronomical 35 000. so we've got a roofer that can charge whatever they want and if you choose not to pay the roofer they're going to have an attorney get involved and that attorney's going to drive the price up even further so if you're an insurance company you're going you know what it's cheaper to pay the assignment of benefits than it is to fight this thing in court exactly oh man so it's almost like you're you're damned if you do damned if you don't in this situation 100 so this is driving costs up dramatically and this has been going on you say it's still going on it is um we had reform in December that eliminates a few of those things they haven't gone into effect they will in 2024. okay um Q4 maybe of this year but yeah it is still going on and they are uh they're basically getting it while they can they know the light is at the end of the tunnel so they be in the roofers they know they can get this and the attorneys know they can get this so let's let's dive in this a little further here this this kind of brings to light a couple of questions so in 2020 this has started we're going through it in 2020 we have three years this so we started 2020 with 50 carriers how many carriers would you estimate today we have in the State of Florida actively writing actively writing ten ten ten we are down to ten so that is 20 of where we were in 2020 that mean that is a dangerous situation to be in to only have 10 carriers it is extremely dangerous and of those 10 I would say six of them have very very crazy underwriting guidelines not writing houses past two years old uh roofs can't be past five years old very very limited underwriting so what they've done is they've said yeah we're going to be there but we're gonna be there in a very very strict content of what we want to ensure based on our risk and that's probably because their funds are probably at a level that just they couldn't afford to keep paying out these claims they can't let's face it insurance companies are in the business to make a profit sure and we've gone four years we're not a single carrier in Florida has made a penny yeah you know that brings the light something that I thought was interesting here and I'm going to pull up a document that we found this is from the uh the the triple I you know Insurance brief that's out there yeah so this is from insurance information Institute this is interesting to me and this will have these notes in the in the in the YouTube here if you want to take a look at it on our Channel there if you would subscribe take a look at it but the links will be in there as well but from the private Market they have lost money on claims since that initial hurricane of Irma that we referred to they have lost Millions starting at over 300 million in 2017. this is this is the insurance companies we're talking about in 2018 right at 300 million so now we've got a combined loss of 600 million another 325 million lost in 2019 2020. everybody's at home they have nothing to do covet's going on this number jumps to 1.3 billion that's correct with a b and then again in 2021 1.2 billion you can add all that up and we're well over three billions in losses from 2017 Ford and you just said it insurance companies they are in the business to make money they have to make profit to survive they are they are a profit driven Organization three years of law excuse me five years of losses over three billion that would that would get most people fired yeah most companies are going to get pulled off the stock exchange things are going to happen this is a this is a formula for for potentially going from 50 down to 10. that's correct and that's exactly what happened and so you know I want to put in perspective for the audience think about this it's okay to file a home insurance claim like that's why you have home insurance matter of fact in 2022 of the 100 of the claims that were filed for homeowners insurance just standard homeowners insurance stuff nine percent of those took place in the State of Florida so give me like a general homeowner's claim outside of a roof what would be what would be a claim that's normal oh like a slab leak okay a slab leak right so you file a claim on that and that's something that could be anywhere around the country so nine percent of claims such as that took place in the State of Florida now here's the real one though that really just kind of jumped off the page of the lawsuits now it's not uncommon for people to sue their insurance company or have a third party sue them yep just shy of 80 of those took place in the State of Florida that's right I mean 79 of litigated insurance claims come from the state of Florida think about that for what 79 of all lawsuits in America come from the state of Florida and we wonder why we went from 50 to 10 right we wonder why we're in a state of Crisis that's right and so we have and here let me put in perspective of those 40 that left from 2020 to 20 to current date they didn't go out of business no they're still writing they're writing in other states but Florida has become too much of a risk assessment they're like nope we're out so they didn't go out of business I want to make sure everybody understands that they're still in business they're just not doing business in the State of Florida that is correct we've lost lost some obviously to insolvency but correct companies as large as Progressive for example National am best a rated carrier since November of last year not writing property insurance in Florida yeah for the first time ever and that's a disservice to to the Floridians absolutely and so what we need is we need this legislation to take effect and have uh impact into the system to where those carriers they will come back that's correct but they will come back under new guidelines and and new precedence and we're going to talk about those precedents here in a minute because I think they're they're done in other states like this so this isn't like they're picking on Florida it's just for whatever reason it was never set up this way in Florida and now we're going to that correct so but here's what's interesting I I look at when all of these claims are being filed and all these lawsuits are being filed and all of the damage since 2017 has take place it's not unreasonable thing well yeah my policy is going to go up right yeah I mean and so policies have gone up and right now it's estimated that the that the nationwide insurance policy is around fifteen hundred dollars it's estimated that the average Floridians plan four thousand dollars that's correct so now that some would argue is hey whoa that that's unfair because my house didn't suffer any hurricane damage my house I didn't get a new roof why am I having to pay for what other people did I I don't disagree with that by the way me either I don't disagree with it and so there's a there's an argument to be had there and so um I think there's some things that people can do and in their own house to maybe leave some of that 4 000 premium and you know I know I've talked to you about this before and you've kind of shed some light on this but there's certain things that people can do like hot water heaters roof AC units talk to us about that as far as like updating what that does for the policy yeah absolutely so the older things get the more prone you are to an insurance claim so updating hot water heaters your AC C units if you have an older house with copper pipes re-plumbing to PVC typical Home Maintenance is not only going to help your insurance rates with carriers but it's also going to help eligibility guidelines when we go to shop it because your insurance policy went up 70 80 percent right if you don't have updates it's very tough to go get a new policy just based on underwriting guidelines so if I'm a new homeowner and I want to buy a house and I'm looking at this house this house may be 10 15 20 years old or maybe it's even five years old what are some things that I should be asking what are some things I should be working with what are some things if I'm a real estate agent I should go okay going into this I know that some insurance could could add issues to the loan for debt to income policies so so what what should I be looking at to say Hey listen Mr Mrs seller would you be willing to upgrade the following to help the insurance premium like what are some questions we can ask yeah the two two biggest things right now are the age of the roof obviously and then of the say 10 carriers we have still writing four of them are huge on hot water heaters okay so I would say roofs and hot water heaters and why why so huge on hot water heaters Ryan honestly it's it doesn't really make sense um because a lot of hot water heaters are in the garage yeah um which every insured has a an argument for that yeah and they they last typically a long time it's not like their five-year bus type situation they last 10 plus years right yeah 15 20 years yeah the problem is water claims are expensive okay oh that makes sense so if something does bust and it goes everywhere that's an expensive cleaner it's correct that's usually have floors baseboards you got to fix the original Plumbing source that it came from water claims are very very expensive that makes sense so you were telling me something earlier in the conversation that just kind of popped out at me there and I had to look it up while we were talking in 2013 the amount of lawsuits in the State of Florida perspective here was just over twenty seven thousand it was about twenty seven thousand one hundred and forty six twenty seven correct 146. how many are we averaging today on a yearly basis and 2022 we average 12 000 lawsuits a day what and say it again one more time 12 000 litigated lawsuits a day so that's roughly I'm doing my quick about 155 000 that's that's lawsuits in a year versus 27 000. that is correct and Quentin guessed the next highest state guess how many lawsuits they had in a year uh I'm I'm going to guess I'm going to limb here maybe 10. not not that not that few okay but we had 155 000 yeah the next highest was a thousand a thousand to a hundred and fifty five thousand yeah so I guess ten thousand I was way off so a thousand a thousand geez so that just kind of shows you the perspective of what has been happening in our local market throughout the whole state of Florida that's correct there has been a there's been a void that was identified and people have gone in and taken advantage of it and there's been no laws against it so technically they haven't done anything wrong correct what they've done though is exploited an insurance debauchery if you made that's now being passed down and affordability to particular homeowners correct including myself you and paying an average of four thousand dollars in premium yeah which is which is crazy so let's talk about let's go into you talked about some reform that's taking place that passed through the legislative back in December and it's going to take effect into 2024. this had to happen but let's talk about what came out of this and most of it's a schedule of depreciation for the roofs now that's that's taking effects basically because what was happening was on these these door knocking situations something about a route 15 20 years old you know people would roll up on it not and they they would attack neighborhoods like I saw in my neighborhood they were I mean the hundreds of homes this is being done to and it was you know they would just camp out in there over a three-month period And so knock on the door and by the way they knocked on my door I did not do it for you but it was not a spied it was because I actually did have damage from 17 2000 Irma so I was one of those that actually had to do that but the the reality was um they knock on the door I heard the whole pitch and it literally my neighbor was one of them took advantage of it and the reality is this it was Hey listen I know you got a roof that's 18 years old but we'll get you a new roof that's right and when getting you a new roof we talked about the assignment benefits of the lawsuit and how it happened the homeowner only has to pay their deductible but if it's a storm claim they're not out of pocket at all on this are they if it is it well they should be they should be right they should be but unfortunately that's getting tied in to a jacked up claim amount that ends up being absorbed it's absorbed so the homeowner is truly coming out with no money into this situation they're going to brain roof if I'm a homeowner and you're telling me this why wouldn't I want to do that right and and that's the thing your everyday consumer doesn't know you're going to get me a free roof perfect where do I sign yeah exactly they don't know what they're saying they don't know what they're saying and they're signing the assignment of benefits that's exactly what they're saying majority of the time yes their sign is over we'll take care of it this is how we do it we work on your behalf with the insurance company because I heard the whole spill and so and don't get me wrong not every roofing company is like this no right there are legitimate fantastic roofing companies I could give you a list of a few of them absolutely you know the reality is they are few and far between in that particular market right there there are more Chasers than there are good people doing business there and I admire the ones that are doing it and you know hats off to them because they're running a legitimate business and unfortunately they're being lumped in with the rest of this crowd that's unfortunate that's correct so but you know that's why we have them on our Referral List you know for when we contact people lucky you're like hey here's a good person I know does good business reach out to them so that's always good to have so we had the depreciation schedule so let me kind of explain for our audience with your help here how that worked essentially if I was getting a brand new roof and I'm not coming out of pocket today that's how the current the current setup is correct moving forward if that roof is 15 years old they're going to give me the value of 15 year old roof not a value of a brand new roof 15 years ago that's exactly right so let's just say that roof cost 25 000 today well 15 years from now that roof may only be worth four thousand dollars and I'm going to get a four thousand dollar check that is correct and then at that point I have a choice to either a pay the difference of 21 000 into that roof right and then it's my understanding that if I come to an agreement with a roofer and I agree to pay the other 21 I submit that back into the insurance company with proof that it's been done and they at that point will deduct my deductible and give me the difference for a new roof at that point is that correct that is exactly right that's how that works in every other state by the way correct that's how it works yeah this is not new now this is new to Florida that's how it's worked in every other state date and I don't know how we didn't have that set up here to begin with it would have presented a prevent excuse me a lot of problems 100 sometimes you know you just don't know what you don't know so there's that and then the other thing is the attorney stuff yep and you want to talk about that briefly what's happening there yeah right now they can charge what three times three times okay that is officially gone so they have to charge current rate that's correct a reasonably rate great so they can't they can't uh basically inflate what they're charging for what they're doing that's correct and between those two things alone we're gonna see our markets start to get normal again yeah and I think that this is really important because you know I spoke earlier about this news for Jax article that I saw that was out there and I was I was listening to it it's a three minute uh did you watch the clip I sent it to you yeah okay so it's a three week Club they brought a real estate agent on the show and um you know and and the real estate agent um who I have not heard of by the way um that's no knock on this person I just haven't heard of them and uh and I don't know how much volume this person's doing but um I haven't heard this take on it and I'm surrounded by a lot of real estate agents and a lot of people in the real estate I hadn't heard this take but the news headline was that hey home buyers are feeling the pain of homeowner insurance increases therefore is deterring home buyers from buying a new home and I kind of like when I hear something like that I'm like I'll stop The Press right let me get to the bottom what are we talking about and um I can tell you that's something I haven't heard I hear interest rates and I hear prices of homes increasing I've heard that over the last really year but I haven't heard a single thing about homeowners insurance so that one kind of threw me for a little bit of a loop when I heard it yeah I would say that's a bit Overkill yeah it's absolutely it's an Overkill nobody's not purchased on the house because of the right their insurance right right and and as you dive into the article the uh the real estate agent was actually talking about a condo and that's a whole other insurance situation no different story not what we're talking about here right now so I found that to be uh quite interesting so moving forward what does the future hold for homeowners and insurance companies as we kind of get this law to pass and take effect yeah so the reform is is really going to get us back to normal like I said earlier um I think we've got another ugly rest of the year 2024 normalcy is upon us we have three companies that I've heard of right now that newly formed entities that are ready to dive into the market they're going to wait until hurricane season gets passed manage exposures build their Capital reserves but the fact that new companies are being formed is a positive thing at any time we bring new competitors to the marketplace the customer wins that's correct yeah yep um we're already starting to see a shift with underwriting guidelines with carriers um being a little more lenient back to normal if you will um so I think we've got another ugly rest of the year in 2024 we start to get back to normal so talk to me about an option if if you're a customer and you can't afford to get a new roof you're a homeowner you can't afford to get a new water heater you know you're a homeowner and some of these things we've talked about to kind of help your policy come down you can't do it talk to me about the option that the State of Florida has out there called the citizens pool of insurance yeah so citizens was formed in the early 2000s when Hurricane Andrew hit South Florida they were formed as the insurance company of Last Resort okay we cannot get coverage it's too expensive whatever it may be they were formed to protect Floridians when it comes to getting Insurance um unfortunately due to the market they are having to write more business than ever so they're actually because of what we're discussing they're they're actually writing more policies than ever before by far by far and they are the current largest writer in Florida right now uh just due to no company's writing basis um but it's honestly other states are piggybacking off of it and are going to create State insurance policies um and companies and at the end of the day it's a good thing for Floridians because it is a last resort if you can't get coverage elsewhere and is the coverage comparable as far as like what it would be if you had a private insurance of course not okay your first choice is always going to be a private admitted carrier um you're going to sacrifice coverages um not so much in your dwelling or in your content uh a little bit of both okay um citizens has a dwelling Max on certain houses um so your high value houses that you don't have 22 year old roofs you're going to be capped out at a certain amount of coverage for your dwelling your personal contents coverage is going to be lower um one big thing citizens only allows a hundred thousand dollars a liability quality yeah whereas your private carriers go up to half a million sometimes a million um so coverages are not going to be as good as you would get in a private Market but it's there to protect us and you could probably supplement I mean I'm not sure I'm not an insurance world but you could probably supplement that policy with an umbrella policy on the backside to help with some of that liability absolutely yeah so there's ways to kind of combine the things and make it cheaper to help protect the homeowner as well correct yeah I think it's a wonderful program obviously it's not the ideal one right but it's a great supplement to what we have right now because imagine if we didn't have how you know what would happen they'd get Force placed insurance from their lender and you want to talk about a high premium that joker is going to be about five six times what's this current four thousand dollar one is that's correct yeah they're not gonna mess around with that oh yeah and that's only going to cover the lender it's not going to be for you at all that's correct so that's the one Avenue you never want to go is force Place Insurance yep so um so the future holds more people are coming in excuse me more carriers are coming in they're going to wait for this reform to take place get past hurricane season all that makes sense and then how long are we going to stay at these kind of creams you think it's a year out two years three years out what does that look like in your world yeah I think part of it is going to stay rates are going to be higher than they were prior to 2017. so if I'm a mortgage lender I'm a real estate agent I'm giving estimates I need to get I need to get right with today's rates and understand that that's probably what it's going to be for here on out we don't need to be given advice and hey this is temporary maybe two years and it should come back down correct okay yeah the days of thousand dollar premiums are gone okay and I don't think they're ever coming back yeah no I agree with you on that and I think it's important that we just got to set the tone that you know if I'm a mortgage lender and I'm lending the State of Florida at any capacity I don't care if you're in you know California Linden State Farm understand these premiums here so when you do your estimates out front we're doing a justice so the customer probably should average around that 3 500 to 4 000 range because that's probably what it's going to be out the gate absolutely and if it comes in less great right yeah and it looks like it's here to stay I I believe it is here to stay yeah Ron you know you've you've given us countless information here and I know that I call you all the time for Counsel on insurance and questions and outside the box stuff how many calls are you getting a day about this topic that we're doing uh last week alone we had 164 calls from current clients complaining about their rate increases this is this is a real thing it is a really real thing and is is it more so complaining or just kind of being shocked like Shell Shocked combination yeah I mean a lot of it is sticker shock when you look at your premium from last year that was fifteen hundred dollars and you get a renewal for five thousand obviously it's sticker shock hey Ryan what the hell is going on right like you did it correct yeah exactly um and then the other side is some consumers know it and know the market that we're in and it is what it is I'm not selling my home proceed accordingly yeah um the good thing about us is we have multiple options um with who is left in Florida um so we're rewriting a lot of our social from one carrier to another care that's available correct yeah we have no loyalty to any one specific company that we represent we truly work for the client so if we've got to go from company a to Company B and it's beneficial to you that's what we're going to do and that's what we're doing all day right now yeah no that's great I've always heard this and maybe maybe this is just an old like wise tale but I've always heard that if you're able to combine certain insurances inside the household that that could help lower it overall as a package does that still hold true in today's environment with everything we're talking about yeah absolutely carriers that offer multiple lines of business if you can bundle and bring policies together you're going to get a discount for sure yeah so there's another way to kind of lower this down you can leverage your your household goods with this one carrier and work around that way absolutely so what's the danger zone if a carrier goes out of business how what happens you get a notification in our business do they drop you immediately like how does that work so what what happens if I'm a listener right now and I get a notification in the mail Hey listen we're dropping you is it immediately is there a 60a window like how does that work it depends uh true insolvency there has to be a 90-day grace period given to the policyholder so true and solvency means that the insurance company doesn't meet the requirements of the State of Florida to have insurance for people in the State of Florida that's correct okay go into receivership yep okay no assets no money they are simply gone all claims are taken over by the state of Florida and the Florida Department of Insurance the company is truly insolvent and gone and we saw that happen during Hurricane Season that's when you really see it when that massive amount of claim comes in at one time that's when it's like ding ding ding you're out that is correct okay so you get 90 days notice when that happens yep okay and then the other option is they will stay on the policy until renewal okay so I've seen it both ways in the last year or two we've had true insolvencies and then we've had companies that would say hey we're dropping you but not until renewal okay which obviously allows you more time to get a replacement policy and all of this notification like it's gonna come in the mail you're not going to get an email on this you're not going to get a text message like this stuff comes in the mail and it's like sometimes I've seen people just throw it away because it looks like propaganda oh yeah but it's legit like you get something with a FEMA logo on it or you get something with an insurance logo on it that might not look familiar open that up absolutely open it up it is going legally it has to come in the form of mail and in our office we will reach out to you via phone email right unfortunately we've had to because we've had this happen with carriers um but yeah it is going to come to you and a lot of times certified mail yeah absolutely so real important that you pay attention to that obviously there's options and it's important that you have someone by your side to help guide you with those options it's important you have an agent such as Ryan on your team to help you kind of guide through this situation but I think the understanding from this conversation that I want the audience to gravitate towards is if I'm in the business or I'm a prospective buyer or a current homeowner agent lender it doesn't matter we all need to get our heads around what we're seeing now is not this you know hike it's the new Norm that's right it's the new Norm that's here to stay yeah from a pricing perspective it is it's and it has to in order for us to get more competitors back in the market it has to for us to be able to build those funds for the insurance companies by the premiums we're paying I mean hurricanes we can't we can't predict when they're going to come in and come out right that's right but we do know they're going to happen and we do know there has to be specific funds to help those that suffer any damage from those hurricanes correct and if we don't have insurance companies here that could be a problem yeah we will be we will be a state-owned insurance company yeah and that's what we don't want because we talked about why that's correct that's really important so Ryan if if I'm a listener how do I more about lock Insurance you can go to our website lockinsurancegroup.com Facebook Instagram lock Insurance Group we've got an open door policy right here in Jax Beach knock on our door call us whatever and you do the whole state of Florida that's correct yeah so it doesn't matter where you are yeah oh and Colorado all right so listeners you know if you're more interested excuse me want more interest in this reach out to Locke Insurance Group check them out on their socials and if you like what you're hearing today five star review this podcast share it with someone leave a comment uh we always love getting commentary from people in there helps us with all the new episodes that we're doing and direction we're going check us out on our socials at what's your one more and then also check us out on YouTube as well at what's your one more subscribe like lease and commentary always love hearing from you guys Ryan thanks for being on the show today it's awesome as always get a chance to hear your expertise in this field likewise Quinn thanks for having me man appreciate it yes sir I got one more shot I'm gonna make it one more chance I'm gonna take it I mean it when I said it now it's time for me to do it I got one life to live so I put them all into it yeah

- Navigating Florida's Insurance Market. What is SB 2A?: Kind: captions Language: en foreign [Music] good morning everyone welcome to today's webinar navigating South Florida Insurance um it's going to be a very interesting topic there's been so much going on over the past couple of months I'm sure many of you have experienced especially from the condo Side recent increases our legislator recently passed the bill in December that's making some changes and that's the purpose of today's webinar so we're looking forward to answering your questions if you have any questions that you'd like answered that are dealing directly with insurance please use the Q a function at the bottom or top of your screen both myself Michael and Andrew will do our best to get to those questions we will give you some early disclosure this is a lot to unpack so we may not be able to go through everything each and every one of us are doing our best to understand how this is going to impact our associations our homeowners so bear with us as we give you this information if we we don't have answers that we can provide you today we'll do our best to get back to you so with further Ado I wanted to open up the webinar and give Andrew and Michael an opportunity to introduce themselves so I'll start here with my left uh with Michael Bender if you want to say something about yourself and the firm you represent thank you Rafael and thank you affinity for for hosting this uh Andrew glad to be here with you um welcome everybody uh good morning my name is Mike Bender And for those who are do not know Law Firm is K Bender rembaum we are a Community Association Law Firm our Focus rep is in representing your Condominiums cooperatives HOAs we are 21 attorneys with four offices 11 of us are board certified specialists in 10 in condominium playing unit development we also have board certified construction lawyer we are very active in legislation we are very active in education and if any of you are looking for uh if you're looking for new Council or additional counsel or if your current client at the firm and you need some help that you can reach out uh info kbrlegal.com and uh you'll probably get our information passed on after but I look forward to sharing with you for the next 45 to 50 minutes and hopefully giving some information that you guys can use excellent thank you so much Michael for being here it's always a pleasure to be on webinar with you and all the knowledge that you provide so thank you so much for being here today uh Andrew you want to say something about yourself yeah yeah I uh I appreciate you putting this together Raphael we're we're looking forward to this conversation um again my name is Andrew Massey and I'm with plasteridge insurance we're a family-owned Insurance Agency headquartered in Delray Beach we have offices in Palm Beach Gardens Stuart and Boca Raton as well and this is an incredibly incredibly difficult Insurance Market I'm sure most of you are very familiar with that at this point but uh this this legislation is very meaningful it's it's probably the most significant change to Florida's Insurance legislation in quite some time so we're looking forward to discussing it and probably tackling some some tough to answer questions great thank you so much for being on Andrew I appreciate you taking the time out of your day to uh to come on this webinar and provide your information from the insurance side of things as for myself my name is Rafael Aquino I'm the co-founder and CEO of Affinity Management Services um hopefully many of you have attended our previous webinars and this current webinar But ultimately we are a Community Association Management Company uh we're more of a boutique operation that focus and Dave Broward Palm Beach County and now we're proud to say we're moving into the Naples Market uh we're more of that medium-sized organization that really focuses on building strong Partnerships with our clients that revolve around the data that we provide the people that we have as well as the relationships that we build with our clients so any questions when it comes to your Community Association don't hesitate to reach out to us I know both of you have thanked me for putting this together but ultimately it was my team behind the scenes so I do want to thank them for putting this webinar together so with further Ado I wanted to get started I'm sure are many of the board members that we have close to 60 percent of our participants today are board members and 72 percent of them live within condo associations uh so why don't we start with you Michael if you can give us a little bit of an explanation on what sb2a means and and uh and give us kind of like a 30 000 foot perspective of what the electric station yeah yeah well I'll give you the I'll give you the bullet point the the cliff Cliff Notes if we all remember those from uh are back in the day before they were computers all right well so the Florida legislature did convene December 11th through the 13th and the whole the sole purpose of this special session was to consider legislation uh with regard uh to create a legislation to do among the following uh reduce primarily reduce the cost of litigation regarding property insurance claims and you'll hear about how they did that Foster the availability of reinsurance for property insurance and Andrew's going to tell you what all that means uh improved claims handling practices in property insurance they also did modify deadlines uh for notices of property insurance losses and limit the assignment of benefits under property insurance policies and and we'll get into that as well uh prescribed property insurance requirements regarding alternative dispute resolutions uh processes and we'll talk briefly about arbitration and and the options there and then of course Insurance oversight they want to have insurance oversight of the property insurance Market participants and if improve the financial stability of citizens property insurance that was a big place a play as well so Senate Bill 2A is it's a comprehensive bill it was over it's 100 405 Pages uh and it's the intention is to ensure policyholders in the state have access to quality affordable private Market property insurance uh I mean that that is the whole objective as we'll get into the specifics uh or I feel you'll see that that is uh that is the end goal um but I want to give I want to start off two things one and I should say this guys I'm not providing legal advice I'm here it's informational purposes only so I need to say that secondly don't shoot We're The Messengers and so don't shoot the messengers guys uh because I don't think you know we're not looking at immediate relief for uh our us as homeowners or Condominiums associate our economy associations or HOAs or us as personal line owners uh we're not going to see immediate relief but as as we get into it and Andrew's going to give us some more the specifics as well you'll see the objective of this this bill um and and how it hopefully will eventually uh in 18 to 24 months start showing some real real progress for those of us whose bills have been going up drastically I can tell you guys mine went up 95 over the last three years so this is you know we feel it personally as well as professionally great thank you for that Michael yeah I know the impact has been huge I mean many of our condo associations and Homeowner Association have seen significant increases I know our legislators did you know are doing their best to try to find find or tweak some reform so that these premiums can go down however I wanted to ask you you know especially that you're in this on a day-to-day Andrew um you're dealing with these insurance companies uh uh what do you believe do you believe this legislation will have any meaningful impact to insurance premiums and as Michael kind of mentioned do you believe it's going to be something that's a quick relief or something that may take some time yeah yeah that's that's the question right they they finally met they finally had the conversations now the question is uh is what happens um but I I do I I definitely agree with Michael I think this is certainly a long-term fix but but it's it's also intended not to be a Band-Aid right it's it's a long-term fix because I think what they're trying to do is actually address some of these underlying issues that have kind of created a very attractive environment in Florida for insurance fraud and insurance fraudulent litigation that's that's the key so Michael and I and we're kind of chatting before we went live and one of the first things I said to him was this is great it's just a shame that they're two years late you know we we wish that they started this earlier because it is going to take some time that being said I I do think it's a critical first step I I think some of the things in this bill are uh at least the intent is good I think um ideally it is going to remove some of these underlying issues that are making it very very difficult for insurance carriers to operate here right in and operate profitably and ultimately what that is going to lead to ideally is carriers coming back into the market right that's that's the whole goal is that not only are the insurance premiums going up drastically but what's happening is carriers are also leaving so the the position that board members and managers are finding themselves in is trying to to navigate and trying to buy a product in a market where the premiums are going up significantly but the supply of carriers is actually going down so that's that's a very very difficult Market to navigate and what we're hopeful is going to happen is that in this film if if the overall legal environment becomes more attractive carriers are going to want to come back and they're going to see an opportunity to come back into the market and we'll see competition which is is really the the problem right now in the market yeah it falls back to the whole you know supply and demand concept uh um but as we were talking a little bit earlier and as the Michael kind of stated earlier it is something that's going to take time because you know until they start seeing these benefits hopefully who are hopeful that they do come insurance companies will will not bring any reduction into the prices because obviously they're going to want to see those benefits first then the question becomes uh will they actually pass those benefits on and hopefully uh time will tell so there's nothing currently in the law that addresses that not that not that there's a way to actually address it but at some future point I mean if if they are starting there should be more competition coming in and then that should drive rates down should um and that's our con and as we get more into the specifics and and Andrew has some pretty staggering numbers about them again to the litigation and really where this is coming from but you're right Rafael if we start seeing if this these carriers start seeing these savings more even the carriers that are there now there's nothing in this bill that mandates they pass those savings on to us the consumers so but hopefully that will that'll that will fall in line uh and the there'll be enough oversight which is part of the bill there's supposed to be enough oversight over these and carriers that we will see that but again 2024 5 is the soonest I'm expecting it guys yeah yeah and the reality is I mean it's been very cyclical um I mean I recall about eight nine years ago um that rates were extremely high and then you know again we didn't have providers everyone was going to Citizens then new markets opened up the difference you know in my opinion now it's just obviously there's been much more impact when it comes to storms the amount of storms the frequency and and we don't know if we're going to go through a cyclical change as we do like similar to the real estate market where every 8 to 10 12 years we're going through these ups and downs things are just going to get a little bit more challenging unfortunately for for Florida and with the claims you know the angle that we're hearing pretty much through the media is a lot of the lawsuits especially Florida I think I had read that out of all the claims we were close to 79 percent of them throughout the entire country which you know that is eye-opening we'd have to dig into the data um but I did I did kind of want to ask you Mike when you know in 2021 there were more than they say about 116 000 lawsuits filed in Florida against property insurers do you believe that this bill reduced or eliminate um frivolous litigations or lawsuits uh first I'll say alleged frivolous um because then again yes there's no question there there's no there's I'm I don't doubt I shouldn't say there's no question I don't doubt that there are instances of claims being filed which may not necessarily all be valid unfortunately um and we talked about this just right before we jumped on is you know the concern at least I have um from my my viewpoint which is you know the association side and the homeowner side uh is we'll uh will it will the valid claims get sort of caught up in in the uh attempt at eliminating the fraudulent claims and therefore make valid claims that much more difficult for those of us with those names to process or will the carriers truly step up and say these aren't valid we will address them the way we need to and not rubber stamp you know denied and then have us have to fight um as we'll talk about because there's we'll talk about briefly the bad Faith part of that which is also more challenging for the end of the the consumer side um so the the two items that we'll talk about and on Andrew we'll jump in on this as well uh that there that they are two primary areas of the bill to address the alleged fraudulent claims and try to minimize or limit eliminate them one is the awards of attorneys fees and litigation uh there there has it's been a very Florida has been a very claimant friendly State prior to this bill where they allowed one-way attorney fee provisions and just so we're clear what that meant was that that if you brought a case against the carrier and you prevailed you in court you were entitled to prevailing party fees if you didn't the carrier was not and that's simplifying it but essentially that's a one-way fees they've eliminated that um so if it's a lawsuit arising under a residential or commercial property insurance claim there's no more one-way provision so you that as the the consumer if you're bringing a case against the carrier and you lose you could be responsible for paying their fees so that and and so uh that there is a risk a higher level of risk for someone bringing this claim you know uh and and so the the the the thought process I can I surmise and and the legislative intent behind these bills will support this I believe uh is hey if you have the risk of losing in court and having to pay carriers fees you're less likely to bring a case unless you believe in your heart of hearts and you know it's rock solid or you believe it's rock solid and and that's ties into my concern is I may have a valid claim maybe I don't prove it up in court maybe I have bad counsel who knows um but uh or just not enough information to support it but it's a good claim and it gets lost and and I'm not willing to take that risk um but we'll see but that's one of the big things is they want to eliminate they eliminated the one-way attorney fee provision so they're hopeful that that will will uh decrease the suits and then the second uh and then and I'm gonna ask you to expand on both of these on your from your perspective um the assignment of benefits and um so it prohibits the assignment in whole or in part of any post-loss insurance benefit under any residential property insurance policy or any commercial policy issued after January 1 of this year uh this by the way someone asked earlier someone asked me when is the bill take effect the bill took effect when the governor signed it December 16th this is the law the Florida right now and so they've eliminated assignment benefits and Andrew you're going to get I think you were going to get more into exactly talking about what that is so um I'll ask you from your perspective uh the elimination the one-way attorney fee provisioned did you have anything more you want to add on that and then please talk to us about assignment of benefits because you gave such a good example earlier before we jumped on yeah yeah so yeah the the uh the one-way attorneys fees I in my opinion I I think that that was the single most meaningful thing that they could have done long term and and the reason I say that and Michael you you and I spoke before and we kind of we we kind of had a conversation that led up to this right before we jumped on but I think when we're having this conversation the the importance of differentiating between a legitimate claim where maybe the carrier is not doing the right thing or the carriers acting in bad faith if that's the case we always encourage our clients to hire a public adjuster or hire an attorney to sue the insurance company if they're not doing the right thing but it is very critical to differentiate between that and a fraudulent claim from the start right so so when these when when this bill eliminates things like the one-way attorney's fees the intent of that is to make it much more difficult for unscrupulous attorneys right and unscrupulous adjusters to to basically sign up Mass numbers of people to sue their insurance companies because it it eliminates the incentive of pursuing a fraudulent or a weak claim right I think one of the one of the things that you mentioned Michael which is important is we never want to put the policy holder in a position where they they're they're having to bring a claim and and fight that claim you know in a in a dis in a dismantageous way right but but what we need to be what this is trying to address is eliminating kind of the free-for-all that's out there right now because and and this is very related the the one way attorneys fees and the assignment benefits are are almost intertwined what's happening is and again I think it's something like four or five law firms are driving 85 percent or more of of this litigation but what's happening is these two things combine the assignment of benefits which just so we're clear as to what that does it's it's a letter where once once a policy owner signs that letter they transfer the rights and they transfer the control of their insurance policy over to whoever they signed it for right so so what happens these two things combined has kind of created this pitch for roofers and adjusters where they can essentially go door to door and and they basically say sign this letter right let us take over your insurance policy and then let's sue your insurance company and by the way just so you know when we do that there's one way attorney's fees so even if we lose it doesn't matter you're not on the hook for anything right so I'm not saying that's that's right or that's the way it actually plays out I'm saying that's the pitch right the reason I'm saying that is because I get these calls frequently I get calls you know still to this day where an association will call me and say Andrew I just wanted to run something by you we we had a roofer get on on our roof and tell us that if we go back and if we put in a hurricane Irma claim right not hurricane Ian which was last year hurricane in Irma which was 2017 and we Sue our insurance company they can get us free roofs right so so that's that's what the industry is kind of fighting against and again I of course I'm in the industry but carriers don't always do the right thing I'm the first to say but but the challenge is that the environment as it was with these one-way attorneys fees and with the the assignment of benefits abuse man it it really was almost a perfect environment for for this type of fraud so you know I hope I'm I hope I'm doing a good job of differentiating between the fraud and the legitimate need for Public Adjusters and attorneys right it's also a fine line it's different no I think I I thought your your explanation was good I will say that um yeah there's no question the assignment of benefit eliminating the assignment of benefits eliminating the one-way attorneys fees are are are they are part and parcel and the way you put it together does make perfect sense for that example you gave yeah and then I I throw this out as a question which really it should be better directed to the legislators is so is it rather than eliminating that assignment of benefits why not make the person who got the assignment be responsible for prevailing party fees if they were bringing the claim and lose you know you know I mean now now you because now if I'm that roofer if I want to bring that claim and it turns out that there's there's it's a fraudulent claim I'm now the one on the hook for paying the carriers fees not not the policy the policy holder assigned benefits so maybe you know maybe that would have been a way to uh because that would allow still the valid claims to to move forward with uh where the owners really don't know what they're doing and there's a professionals who who are legitimate and trust and I want a point there are many many very much above board roofers and adjusters and lawyers who handle these claims because the carriers are not necessarily always approving claims that are valid and and unfortunately and so I think you know and Andrew and I and that's Andrew's point and I respect that he uh in his end being this position he plays in the industry so I respect that he's saying is right um and so I think that's the fine line so but this is where we're at you know this is what we've got yeah I think you know in my opinion I just I I understood the direction that they're going in and I get the whole um you know not being able to assign the benefits from your perspective the the challenge that I see is that ultimately what's happening is that now they're another the burden is going to fall completely on the consumer which doesn't understand the day-to-day operations of insurance and the policies and all the complexities that go into that I know speaking from a property management perspective you know we're just like a Lia we're just basically put people together and we put the right people together like Michael said there's a ton of great roofers a ton of great Public Adjusters a ton of great attorneys and we rely heavily on those professionals now what with with the assignments not being able to being assigned let's say to a true professional it's putting that burden now on the policy holder to really handle it on their own or be able to do what they paid your insurance for which is for them to provide a clean provide reasonable time frames to get these responses and many times the reason why at least I can say from an association side why we hire a public adjuster which unfortunately in the world the the given people have given them a bad reputation it's because we don't see traction from the carriers to move these claims forward not all the time because I can't generalize them either but I would say a higher majority of the time it's not so that's why we rely on on these professionals um to do this kind of work so and what I didn't like what the build throughout is that yes they shortened the time frame for responses from insurance companies right but we need them the most which is during hurricanes they said no the time frame is no longer they're out the window so um you know I found that to be a bit amusing because that's when we need them the most uh but and again it's not a knock obviously against you I've just I get what our legislators were doing um and and unfortunately you know if we have these bad apples those are the ones that change everything for the individuals that are yeah I think but what we should have done and and I and I get it that our legislators have so many things to focus on but we're in a society and we're in a world of data and data drives many of the decisions that business owners make I know I can speak from for my own firm so if you know that these are the four law firms if you know that hey which are the roofers that they should have that data okay here these were all aob sorry assignment of benefits these are the the firms that are tied to it let's talk let they should be doing that homework to give to our little this is the impacts this is work from the firms it's coming from and build legislation specifically towards that not generalizing it uh for everyone because then it makes it much more difficult now you're going to have consumers that may not file claims because they're like well I can't pay uh turning fees we don't have the money to do it um so you know what let it be and then later the damages that do happen down the road many times two to three four years they're the ones having to um to deal with that so that's kind of my take not against you Andrew in any way but yeah I understand that he doesn't take it personally yeah how we're gonna have to deal with it from a management side and educating our board members of these steps and I can see many challenging many challenging challenges coming from it and I understand that many times you have to take the simple route and umbrella things but in this case you know I think that the data was there and more work should have been done um and and sometimes you know when there's a situation that we have costs going up for for um reserves for ensure for insurance for inflation hey this is a great time um for us to take advantage and push this bill that we've been trying to get done that's my take on it but um you know again as you opened up earlier something of this nature should have been addressed uh years ago yeah and for many of my associations a bit long-winded but I do want to bring this up for many associations that are on this call board members managers alike this is an example of why you cannot delay the work that needs to be done in your associations because you have to look at yourself as well in the mirror and realize that as an association if you haven't fixed your roof in 30 years if you haven't done work to your Association in all honesty not to defend the insurance companies it's not their fault at all the hurricane came we didn't do anything now we need a complete replacement you should have done the work that you needed to do to maintain it properly so there's so much so much that goes into this um I know we've seen it already citizens already starting to send letters you know ample time 120 days we're not going to assure you anymore because work hasn't been done to your property so so it's coming from all angles um but ultimately you know something needs to be done uh I just feel that the way things were handled in this particular instance it could have been handled a little bit uh differently so but just to bring it feels it feels a little heavy-handed it does feel like you know uh in but you know I won't say but it feels like an end though the objective is to drive carriers back into the marketplace yeah correct when I read the read this bill and I said the bill like my and I mentioned this to you guys before my take on this was wow when this bill got signed by the governor I think the the carriers in the state were very happy uh and those and those carriers who were considering hey you know we could get back into Florida Market we're very um us at the consumer side not so much um because everyone was hoping that there would be some kind of Panacea some kind of immediate relief you know cap you know capping of rates automatic reduction rates I mean all the things that and I don't know that were just unfortunately not realistic um and so the objective here is to drive competition back into the marketplace with the intent The Hope and intent that the more competition there is the better better rate options will be presented um and the and but that is not something we're gonna see for a while and the other thing you talked about you know with the reduction of time frames um you know and there is you know they did reduce time frames to you know review claims deny claims inspect investigate all those things and and my question um is if they're not meeting those guidelines those deadlines uh what's the penalty to them is that where they're in bad faith and you know what I'm saying because they also in this bill did address bad faith to settle actions against property insurers and now what it what I understand the bill to say is uh bad faith litigation for failure to settle a claim can't may not be filed until after the insured has established through it adverse adjudication by a court that the insurance company breached the contract and a final judgment or decree has been rendered against the carrier so and and you we all know and everybody listening knows lawsuits don't conclude overnight so what we're saying here is if they're not meeting these required deadlines to me they if the law says you have these deadlines to meet and you can provide documentations to why you're not meeting them other than you're just not getting to them well that seems to me that is a version of bad faith or should be a version of bad faith again where these carriers have to because at least then there's some teeth in the bill that we can say to our clients um collectively hey there's a little bit of teeth that if they're not meeting this that would be considered something that you could pursue them in bad as bad but at least notify them that this is bad faith and get them to start pursuing if they still don't you can proceed with a bad faith claim but you can't even offer that now because you have to actually sue them and win in court before you can then go after them for bad faith at least as I read that and I think that's that's troubling to me yeah yeah Andrew what's your take in general do you believe uh you we will see some more competitive uh rates um or people coming into the market because as I said earlier I mean we we went through this was it about eight or ten years ago was I know we went there some time ago and then you know it became additive again and rate significantly throughout them how how long and obviously we can't hold you to this time frame but based on your experience and your knowledge uh do you think that it'll get more competitive with time yeah so insurance is very cyclical I mean it is it's that's the nature of the market you know if if we look back it honestly it wasn't that long ago four or five years ago we were sitting down and we're doing you know ten percent year over year decrease meetings and we're talking you know about options from three or four different carriers it's you know obviously a much different Market what I will say is that this Market is is very likely the most difficult Market on record ever in Florida and our our agency was founded in 1919 we have active agents that have been doing this for 60 plus years and it's not even close I mean it's it's way worse than after Andrew then after Wilma and it's you know so so that's why something had to be done and I I know that you know it it we're not legislators and and these conversations are very important it's you know I'm not taking anything personally I know that I'm in the industry but if we don't have these conversations then how you know we we can't make a positive change right so so it's these These are discussions that have to be had and and something that that you kind of alluded to earlier Raphael and this kind of ties back into do we think we're going to see a positive change was with regards to Public Adjusters and and Public Adjusters getting a bad rap right and and the reason they get that wrap is you're right a handful of them ruin it for everyone there is there's without a doubt a time when it makes sense to get a public adjuster and fight the insurance company when when we have those scenarios as the agent for our clients we're part of that fight I mean it's you know there's a time where the gloves come off and and we fight for the claim but the the difference between those Public Adjusters and the ones I'm talking about that are the problem is that the ones that I'm talking about suggested the claim right they suggested that the claim gets filed they didn't come in when the claim wasn't being handled right it was their idea you know whether whether there was damage or not so that's those are the Public Adjusters that they're trying to Target in this bill and again I I agree it's it's not perfect but I don't know like I said something had to be done this this is a time sensitive thing we're doing 50 plus year rear increases for for our association so something has to change and and I don't know it gets very difficult again we're not legislators but what do you do do you do you take the assignment of benefits away from only certain firms or do you you know that's that's very that's very difficult I'd be interested I don't know how much thought you've put in that Michael I don't want to put you on the spot but right well the other thing is too like you know you mentioned you know after your stats I think four or five firms of 80 of the market but yeah that doesn't mean that those four or five firms are doing anything improper correct um you know again I'm just saying because I mean I'm aware of some of these firms and I know they do excellent work and and get great results for clients who have otherwise valid claims that are not being properly handled by their their carriers and I'm guessing that's all the carriers either but so you know that that's the reason why I think it's it's hard to they would have addressed this a couple of years ago uh they they should have they could have even addressed this you know during the session last year um you know their focus unfortunately was was elsewhere uh and I I'd like to get back to focusing on issues that more impact Us in the state as opposed to maybe the culture wars correct yeah and and with regards to that the point is more of analyzing the data to understand yeah Perfection that you take because once you know this is where the significant this is where the pain points are you can study them and see what better Direction you can take so Michael this stuff has gotten out of control for our associations I know I know you get phone calls on it we get phone calls on it what's your take because I know we recently had an email from one of the uh from one of the participants that were coming onto the webinar their question was because it were the biggest impact we're seeing is on the wind coverage and if some associations are potentially that one sent an email saying uh the statute require us to have coverage for our Condo Association and what potential liabilities do they have if the board decides not to take that win coverage right well well let's talk you mentions over 70 percent of the listeners are the condo world so all you know the for those of you who are in the HOA World um the insurance obligations are going to be set forth in your governing documents uh chapter 720 the Florida Statutes does not address insurance so you need to review your governing documents with your legal counsel and your business advisors your management team and make sure that you are uh addressing adequate Insurance uh your insurance needs so chapter 718 provides adequate property insurance regardless of any requirement in your doc governing documents is to be obtained by the Association for it says full insurable value uh replacement cost or similar coverage um and it's based on the replacement cost of the property to be insured as determined by an independent insurance appraisal or update of a prior appraisal and I saw there was a question here um from an anonymous attendee how often should you get it if you're in a condominium it's statue it's statutory provided that the replacement cost must be determined at least once every 36 months so there's your answer so adequate property insurance is is what it says now does it say Windstorm it does not if you live in Florida it's in in South Florida well if you live anywhere in Florida is Windstorm coverage going to be part of what would be considered adequate property insurance my opinion no question no question at all so um you know the the advice that I give again not legal advice my guidance here is you know you you if you're if you're if you're a board member volunteering in a condominium you need to ensure adequate that your Condominiums adequately that has adequate property insurance that addresses the replacement cost of the property that will include when proper wind storm coverage uh and and the the second part roughly is it and what the what is the uh uh potential consequences for failing to have that uh and and is in the 17 718 world and even in the HOA if your governing documents provide you failure to do that is a breach of your fiduciary duty you know I mean if the statute says you have to have adequate property insurance and you failed and you failed to have adequate property insurance and as a result of that failure there is damage that is now not recoverable from a carrier you have to go out of the all owners have to go out of pocket to address that damage that's as a direct result of the board's breach of their fiduciary duty in meeting their one of their obligations under the statute ensure obtaining adequate property insurance um and I will point this out I will mention this because board members you should be aware of this um whether that liability will be go beyond like a dno coverage claim if that's even available for this and I don't know that but whether you'd actually have personal liability is also an open question if you if you proactively say we're not getting now if you can't get coverage if coverage just isn't being offered to you that's one thing but if coverage is being offered to you at a price that you just believe is obscenely high but that's there well then and you you proactively say we're not doing it well then you could find yourself in a little bit of hot water on a personal level I don't say this to scare and I'm not saying it definitively I'm just saying that the facts Remain the possibility remains and quite frankly volunteer board members it's not worth it okay what is important is that you with your management team are communicating to your membership don't just drop a budget on them with a line item that's gone up three hundred thousand dollars communicate with them and every owner in the community quite frankly in Florida should be aware of this but communicate with them as quick as much in advance as possible have your and Andrew I think you'll agree with this have your insurance agent come out and speak with them tell your tell your membership we're having an agent is coming out here as a courtesy to talk with all of us and answer questions and let us know what's up so be proactive in that regard and then obtain the coverage I just can't I can't emphasize enough obtain the coverage yeah well and Michael if I can add one thing to that the and again I I I uh I agree this is not to scare anyone but it's it's the reality you know I as as board members you have to understand the full picture before you make a decision like that right and the the directors and officers policy which is the important one right for the board not all of them include coverage for failure to maintain adequate insurance right some of those policies have exclusions for failure to maintain insurance I gotta figure most of them would yeah yeah so you that you can you can really put yourself in a challenging position without factoring all this in and and I agree you know have your agent come out it's it's something I don't know I've done dozens of these in in the past 12 months whether it's a budget meeting or whether it's a you know come in and Dodge some tomatoes for us type meeting It's You Know It uh but it's helpful you know we felt that us coming in and giving some context right more than just saying your insurance is going up 50 but coming in and saying here's why can be very helpful in taking a lot of that tension off the board right and people are going to be pissed off anyway but it is what it is and I just quickly want to say two things because there was a question up there someone asked to uh clarify the expected date of the Senate Bill 2A December 16th of 2022 is when the governor signed it it took effect um and one said what is considered adequate coverage in terms of deductible five percent three percent you're going to discuss that with your business advisor and your career I believe a three if the three percent's even though I don't know if that's available on on deductible but um that would be a business decision as far as because your premium is going to be higher or lower depending on that deductible so I think there I don't think I think the adequate property insurance coverage is that you are obtaining coverage based on a proper really obtained uh appraisal and then of course if you have this five percent deductible no no what that is going to equate to and and be sure if you have the funds if not you do have the ability to special assess for that correct and again just to add to that communication conversation and as you mentioned Andrew I mean I know uh you're from very professional in your dealings it is important to communicate to the residents where you decide to change the deductible amount whether you're having a challenge I know this year more than any other year we've had more Town Halls um during the time during the budget process just because it wasn't just Insurance you know we had increase across the board with many things staff salaries cost uh for for FPL water everything has gone up exponentially for most of our association so you know we've done it either to make the lives of our memberships and our board members and our partners vendors um easier is doing it through Zoom that way you can control you can pretty much provide the information that's necessary can be recorded it can be passed along to those residents that weren't able to attend and it makes it much more efficient but we're not we're not if we're nowhere near the end of this um next budget season and the next two are going to be very difficult uh now we're not the only industry with our feet to the fire you guys have joined the party with us Andrew yes and you have Alex who's uh you know Alex I I hear what you're saying um about owners what if owners you know what if the association can't afford the the increase insurance and or another special assessment and and I you know and I believe that is you know Alex's that's Alex's Community I believe that's not just Alex alone uh and um I had a a meeting with um a representative of 80 communities in Margate and what I said to them is you guys need to put in writing how this is personally impacting you and send it to your representative send it to your state representative your state senator send a copy to the governor let them know what how these impacts are hitting you I can I'm going in Tallahassee next week I'll be there you know next next week Monday through Wednesday since me with legislators talk about legislation a lot of it having to do with the Milestone inspection there was this the structural Integrity Reserve study other things that are impacting these three-story and higher condos uh uh and and also talk about some other legislation and and I'm sure this might come up but they'll hear from me and I do represent thousands of community you know a community representative owners and and a lot of communities but they want to hear from you all personally so you need to make sure you're letting them know this and and hopefully it doesn't fall on deaf ears um and and by the way and and Andrew you could also briefly I know there's a few questions we want Andrew to hit before we leave but um the idea of um the ability to finance the insurance premium and I and I know Alex it doesn't necessarily uh help because ultimately financing doesn't need to be paid back but at least it could spread the the premium out over a year as opposed to having to pay it quickly and maybe that would at least allow owners 12 months or 10 months to pay back the insurance increase uh I believe that is an option for many communities yeah it is financing yeah I would I would say probably 75 to 80 percent of our communities currently Finance their premiums but it it uh it certainly is they're they're pretty flexible you know that they'll do 12 equal most the time so that's absolutely an option okay great so I wanted to ask you Andrew here before I get to some of the questions of our listeners um with regards to Citizens so you know many people have a concern as Citizens good um what are your thoughts on on coverage is being provided by citizens um I do know that there was some um I believe that if there's a a similar quote that's 20 uh or uh within 20 percent that they can't go on to Citizens if I recall that correctly if you could give us uh some information on that yeah yeah it's you know citizens is is the market of Last Resort in Florida it's it's the state program um you you have to be eligible for Citizens you actually have to demonstrate one of two things makes you eligible a if there were no other options right so if citizens is literally the only quote that you received okay or B it's kind of the the loophole to that if you did receive another option but the premium for comparable coverage is 20 or more then you're allowed to take the citizens option now citizens there's there's a lot to unpack but what I think is is probably the most important thing to communicate is historically citizens kind of the the public perception is that it's more expensive right which has historically been the case it's designed that way it's designed not to compete with the private Market but what's happening is that citizens rates are kept it's it's the state program their rates are capped right so the private Marketplace their rates are not kept because these are private companies they go up and they go down so with these increases that we're seeing citizens rates have remained capped but the private Marketplace is is getting to the to the point now where generally they're as expensive or more than citizens so a lot of our associations now are in a position where we're sitting down and and this is something that everyone needs to look at every year right everything that's available your community needs to see right so what we're doing is is we're sitting down and we're looking at these options we're looking at you know our our renewal offer we're looking at a Citizens option we're looking at anything else that's out there but that puts the board in a position to look at the bottom line and while there's some pretty significant coverage differences with citizens a lot of our associations it's it's getting to the point where the premium just makes sense you know so so it is the market of Last Resort but it's it's frankly it's designed for a market like this so yeah it's it's definitely something that needs to be considered so so with that said I know many times especially from the management side you know we hear by managers or team members are saying well the boy's asking me to shop you know the insurance around I know that there's some complexity into it so what are your thoughts um now that we're going through this difficult Market what should board members be doing and what's the best way they should be going about this yeah yeah it is an incredibly unique uh industry insurance it's different than any other vendor in that when you're when you're shopping your insurance right it it really is designed for you to interview and select an agent because each of these insurance carriers citizens included right they all offer the exact same pricing to every agent in addition to that if you do a meaningful amount of Association business you are likely all going to have access to the same carriers we have access to the same carriers that that your agent has access to so it's it's kind of very purposefully structured in a way where the board ideally should be selecting One agent that they trust and that they feel is going to best represent them in the marketplace as in constantly bringing everything that's available in the market to to the renewal meeting talking through options budget meetings servicing that really should be what drives your decision so again I know that's that's much different than any other vendor but I'm glad that that question came in because there's also a lot of misconception about that yeah and we get that question we try to explain it our best because board members unfortunately don't understand that uh we understand it clearly you know many of the agents at least that we work with are going to the same markets so ultimately what we want to work with as a person understands the market can provide that education is willing to really go above and beyond and have those meetings with the board explaining to them what's going on and you know if their agent is not doing that then that's when they need to start having a different conversation with another agent and as you said it very eloquently someone that you trust and could be a trusted advisor for your Association so I have a question here right back at you Andrew from Plantation terrorists that asks are admitted carriers writing Association property coverage oh man it's getting very thin there there still are a few American Coastal is is doing a lot of it but American Coastal is is also going through some changes there closed for new business right now they're not running anything new and they are reevaluating their current book of business they're starting to non-renew certain accounts um so they're admitted Heritage is is an admitted carrier and they are quoting some stuff right now but I I would say it's getting very very limited and what's what's interesting and I to honestly I didn't real I didn't know this until probably four or five years ago citizens right the state pool this the state insurance carrier not admitted so the state the state program is not admitted by the state so it's it's just yeah they are but it's very limited wow interesting so I have a question for you here Michael and I know you're probably gonna say you have to read the documents but Daniel Smith asked uh what can an HOA do to slow down the rate of insurance premium Rising forcing let's say eight um owners to install hurricane windows putting on new roofs or any other suggestions and again and quite frankly I I I'll kick this to Andrew to to piggyback off of um because really that's a question for you you'd pose that to your carrier hey carrier if we fully if we have if every unit in this condo has got impact glass how will that impact our premium what type of mitigation will we get on our premium that's really going to come from them what you're coming to me for then is how do we go about doing that carrier says yeah we're going to knock you down 10 if everybody's got if you're every place common element as well as all the units windows are all Impact glass we're going to save you you know making in that percentage of some X percentage well then where I come in Rafael is how the board would properly go about uh addressing that to the membership and you're correct it would require um in order to force owners to put in Impact Windows you'd have to have a mo I can't imagine it's going to be in the documents as drafted it would be an amendment to the the governing documents the membrane the how that's passed would be depending on what you need to do uh to pass I have a lot of communities and I have Communities going back 20 years yeah you know or almost 20 years like you know after after Wilma that that uh did that where they passed uh amendments to their Declaration of con uh condominium where they uh required everyone to have impact glass installed by a date certain uh and and that obviously over the years has helped very much and from your side anger have you seen print have you seen let's say associations that have newer roofs yeah uh get better pricing than let's say and so I know every Association is different because different structures different uh but have you seen them getting better prices or you're still seeing increases yeah well so it is it's it's kind of an interesting time to have that conversation and and by the way I'm working through this right now with numerous communities right and and we've been involved from the start which is how if your community is going about replacing roofs or something like that you should be involving your agent right because we can help quantify what that means and and all of that but it's it's an interesting time because you kind of have to it it's a hard way to look at it because when we talk about a premium decrease what we actually mean in this market is you know maybe our insurance goes up 35 instead of 50 right so it is still a net premium decrease but it's it's an increase that year right so so that's that's kind of the way that you have to look at it it is Meaningful you know new roofs and an impact glass are the most meaningful things that that you can do for your Association from an insurance premium perspective correct and one thing that hasn't been discussed that that's an important factor to to keep top of mind is you know as easy replacement costs um appraisals come in many times you know then we're not factoring the increase in value of that property because of inflation the cost of doing things Co the changes in code um so many times we just believe oh insurance is went up 50 well you kind of have to look at also what's the replacement cost increase that you had yeah for three years ago to now it's not a direct correlation but there is a difference there's going to be most of the time you're going to see an increase in that value uh just because of general cost to replace these items and and especially with what we've seen with inflation um so yeah I have one last question here I'll ask you Andrew is from Roland he asked us an agent of record rules change with this bill no no and I I I'm always glad when that gets brought up in in these types of conversations because I just frankly I I think there's a lack of transparency generally in our industry with with regards to what that does the the agent of record letter that that uh we're referring to is a letter that you would sign as an association with the intent of hiring a new agent right it's that is black and white the reason I emphasize that is because there are a lot of age hints that will kind of run around and say sign this letter and I'll I can go get you quotes but you you have to know that that letter when you sign that letter you are hiring a new agent and you are firing your current agent yeah so yeah that that's very important and I'm glad that got brought up because I can't tell you how many board members I've talked to that have had bad experiences with that correct correct well excellent well um I know I had the question a couple times um with this information is going to be shared and we will be sharing uh this information uh both on our YouTube page we'll show it we'll share with you as also you could distribute it um so if you want to share this link uh feel free to do so I provided uh both Michael Andrew and myself's contact information so if you have any questions with regards to what we discussed here today or any questions asked the legal or insurance or Community Association Management don't hesitate to reach out to one of us I want to give you each an opportunity to provide some closing uh remarks so I'll start with you Andrew since I started with Michael last time well I had fun you know I think that's uh that's important these are you know I know I said it earlier but this is a very very challenging time we're having incredibly difficult conversations with our clients so you know I appreciate you putting this together Raphael it's it's something that's necessary and I you know bringing as much transparency to the industry as possible is uh is awesome you know generally so so this was good I I appreciate uh everyone's time and I I appreciate being uh being able to have this conversation with it to you great thank you so much for being here Andrew and thank you for providing all the knowledge luckily you're not a person that takes things personal so you understand Michael and I were coming from over to you any closing remarks I mean a gay basic mirror a lot of them just said uh again thank you to Raphael and the Affinity team for putting this together uh thank you all for attending uh and uh we got as many questions as we could so hopefully I apologize for those few questions we weren't able to answer uh less if you're still online uh Andrew can confirm this but chapter 17 does not require that you use an admitted carrier there are non-admitted carriers as we just said citizens is a non-admitted carrier so 17 does not require you can use a non-admitted carry without legal liability uh so I get that one question answered because I was bugging me um but anyway I want to thank you all again for this I hope we got again we did our best with what we have I appreciate um the uh Rafael you always bring great knowledge Andrew it's been a pleasure I look forward to doing more of these with you and uh picking your brain on Future Insurance related questions and yeah and thank you again and everybody stay well thank you Michael and on behalf of affinity we want to thank you all for being here today um we had close to about 125 participants so it goes to show the impact that this is having to our industry and to our associations in general as I the way I like to close my webinar is really thanking our board members thanking our managers for taking the time out of your day to gain some additional knowledge to do a better job in educating uh the residents that we serve as well as the members that board members serve Andrew and Michael as always it's always a pleasure being on with you I'm looking forward to doing another webinar and to my team behind the scenes thank you for putting this together we'll see you all in our next webinar have a great one everyone take care bye-bye thanks

- Navigating the Florida homeowners’ insurance market: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] in the Years leading up to 2022 there was about one insolvency every other year in 2022 there were seven insolvencies so that really shows the stress the market was under and it's not just from hurricanes you're listening to rethinking Insurance a podcast series from wtw where we discuss the issues facing PNC life and composite insurers around the globe as as well as exploring the latest tools techniques and innovations that will help you rethink Insurance hello and welcome to rethinking insurance I'm your host Ravi Sharma on today's podcast we'll be discussing the Florida homeowners insurance Market tales of the past where we are today and where we are heading joining me today I have Clayton Southwood a senior director in wtw's Insurance Consulting and Technology practice and Trevor Withers a director in wtw's Insurance Consulting and Technology practice welcome to you both hi Robbie very happy to be here today thanks for inviting me good to see you well I'm happy to have you both on the show let's start off by learning a little bit about our guests Trevor I know you enjoy getting out in nature and Hiking so what's your favorite mountain range I'd have to say the mountain range in my backyard I love hiking in the wasat range in Utah and uh try to take opportunities to go hiking with with my brother when I can in the summertime it sounds Majestic and it's great that it's so convenient and close to home so you can take advantage of it all right now what about you Clayton so I definitely do not do the heavy duty type of hiking that that Trevor does my wife and I really enjoy the Smoky Mountains we like to go and just take leisurely hikes through the nature so I I would say that's probably Tops on my list Robie yeah and I know uh there's some nice roads to drive through as well some nice roads there too all right now that we've set our sights High let's jump into some Florida homeowners Clayton why don't you get us started with how the homeowners Market in Florida has changed over the past few years we're all familiar with the headlines showcasing population booms Economic Development and natural disasters but how does that all come together and impact where the market sits today yeah Ravi you know you mentioned the issue of population booms I think first lines Insurance Market is extremely important to the State of Florida it's really what makes the economy tick along you if you look at what's happened from a population standpoint in Florida and from the standpoint of property values you know between 200 2020 you had a growth in the number of households from a little over um 6 million to almost 8 and a half million so pretty robust growth over that 20year period and it's just continued since then I mean we've all heard the headlines of the growth in States like Florida you know in terms of of property values you know you go back to 2000 and the total value of the um properties in in Florida was about 750 billion you know that grew fairly steadily from that point dipped down during the housing crisis around 2008 or so but it it's been on a steady clip since surpassing three trillion by 2020 so you know the insurance Market is definitely very important to keep the economy Rolling Along people have to have mortgages you know you have to have that solid base to provide for the ability um of the population to continue growing you know you also mentioned sort of the history of of natural disasters and some of the things that have impacted the Florida market and you know the natural disasters are definitely a big thing if you go back say 30 years ago Robie you know the Florida Market looked just about like any other Market in the country in large respect you know dominated by large National Carriers it looked just about like any other state to be quite honest then Along Came hurricane and Andrew in 1992 and that started to change things I mean while in the grand scheme of things Andrew doesn't look like a large storm anymore because of the all the big storms we've had since you know it did send some Shock waves through the industry um you know a big storm like that coming ashore uh near Miami in Homestead it caused the industry to rethink and it caused the big National Carriers to wonder about Capital deployment it started the beginning of legislative action as as uh the the state began to see you know the concerns that were being expressed by the industry so you had the formation of things like you know the FL hurricane cast refund right after Andrew in response you know fortunately then you went quite a while before you really had much going on in Florida from a storm standpoint I mean it wasn't until 2004 2005 uh that you really had a big major series of events there that shook the industry up again you know in 2004 you had Charlie and Francis and Ivan Jean just about back to back in that hurricane season and then in ' 05 you had Katrina and Rita and Wilma and so you know while Andrew started to teach the industry a little bit about severity this was more about frequency and you know this is again what really began to Shake in uh the industry and and led to the formation of a number of the Florida Standalone carriers that we see today as capacity and availability of coverage got further restricted especially from the big National Carriers again though you you went through a fairly long period of calm uh until about 2017 when hurricane Irma comes ashore and that's when we started to see a lot of the troubles in Florida Robie a lot of the things that have gone on more recently around assignment of benefits you know the issues with wayway attorney fees some of the abuses that we've seen uh that's they really driven up claim costs so you know those are the those are the big things uh that have really shook the market and honestly you know the the past five or six hurricane seasons have been the most active on record in Florida and has continued to stay in the market it's really surreal to sit back and think about the the growth the market has seen over the past few decades really a lot of it like we talked about some of it's driven by the economic side and some of it's really driven by the catastrophe side but the unrelenting economic development that the market has seen as well has just really teed up this this perfect scenario or Perfect Storm not to to have a bad pun there but uh I think that lays a nice foundation for the demand side of the insurance Market but let's shift our Focus to the supply side Trevor how has the market looked over the past decade I know capital is getting more expensive and it's gone through varying periods um of constraints and surplus but how has that transition to the solvency of the market in its current form I think that's a a great question Robbie because there really is an interesting history and how the demographics of the market have changed in 20 5 10 of the 11 largest carriers in Florida were National Carriers and there's been a steady and driving shift over the 15 or 16 years after that point where in 2021 only three of the top 11 carriers are National Carriers so there's been this dramatic shift away from companies with diverse Countrywide exposure to Specialty carriers that primarily right business in Florida and that's really the opposite direction that we'd like to see in the insurance Market from A diversity perspective from a stability perspective and I think that leads right into the next point if we if we think about what combined ratio experience has been in the State of Florida for those carriers that that write business there it's it's also interesting to see that there has been much more volatility in the combined r shows for the Florida specialty carriers and that's not surprising when you hear the the Hurricanes roll off Clayton's tongue almost like a song you can correlate that directly to how you you see these graphs of combined ratios changing over time where there's volatility and in many years combined ratio is over 120% for Florida specialty carriers and in those same years where the National Carriers have have performed much better and much closer to a combined ratio of 100 so I think that really illustrates some of the challenges that have been in place and this this shift over time to a specialty carrier has has just become a challenge Clayton mentioned some of the the challenges with the legal environment with oneway attorney fees and assignment of benefits and I think there's a correlation there as well with some of the insolvency history that has happened in the State of Florida in the Years leading up to 20 2022 there was about one insolvency every other year in 2022 there were seven insolvencies so that really shows the stress the market was under and it's not just from hurricanes it's not just from you know one aspect of the legal environment in Florida there's multiple dimensions and elements that all contributed to that and they all came together in 2022 to create a really challenging situation that led to seven insolvencies in 2023 there there was one insolvency so far we'll see you know how the year plays out but it it certainly has been a challenging Market all I can say is wow uh I think the items you touched on there bring us to a good point to discuss market conditions I know in our preparations for this discussion Clayton you shared some mind-blowing stats many of them left a breadcrumb trail revealing the core of the problem could you share some of those current market conditions in Florida maybe contrast those with what we've seen from a Countrywide perspective yeah absolutely Robbie happy to to talk about some of the challenges that that Florida specifically has seen you know honestly it's it's first and foremost is about litigation you know if you look back over the past several years that's really been the primary driver of the actions that have been taken legislatively in Florida to try and and fix the problems you know Governor DeSantis has often cited a couple of key statistics relative to the homeowners Market in Florida compared to the rest of the country the first is that between 2016 and 2021 on average Florida had about 8% of all claims homeowners claims filed which is about on par with what you would expect given Florida's population relative to the rest of the country but the number of homeowners related lawsuits relative to the Countrywide total has been close to 80% in Florida so if you think about that I mean it's just mindblowing that you know up to 80% of all Countrywide homeowners lawsuits have been coming out of Florida and that that's been a very steady pattern over the past several years uh and that's been the root of the problem that these carriers have faced in Florida and a primary reason why we've seen these insolvencies and there are a couple primary things that have have driven that Robie I mean one is assignment of benefits for those who aren't familiar with assignment of benefits basically it's an agreement that's formed when an insured signs a contract with a third party usually a contractor a water remediation contractor a roofing contractor or something of that nature to basically step into the insured shoes and pursue the rights against an insurance company and the insurance policy so you know the contractor will say you know you you've had a traumatic experience with this damage to your home let let's give you a little peace of mind we'll just take over the process of of negotiating with the insurance company but then that combined with the Wayne way attorney fee Statute in Florida has really created the the problem for the industry and I want to make that clear I mean it's it's not just aob and of itself because you know aobs are allowed in other states too that's not that's not a Florida specific issue but the wway attorney fee statute has been a uh Florida specific issue and those two in combination is really what's been the problem in Florida with the oneway attorney fee statute what's what went on there historically Robi is you know if an insured chose to sue their insurer you know the insur will make some kind of an offer for settlement typically what happens then is when the case finally goes to court if the insured prevails by no more than a dollar more than what was offered then the insurer is not only stuck with paying for the claim but they're stuck with paying for their own legal fees and the insurance legal fees you know the opposite is not true you know if if the insurer prevails they don't have the same ability to collect their legal fees from the other party and it's been those two things fortunately the legislature has dealt with that we're hopeful that they've dealt with that sufficiently with the special session that took place in December that we'll talk about a little later but it's really been those two things that have been the root cause of a lot of pain for I mean honestly not only for the insurance companies in Florida Ravi but for the residents of Florida who are paying the premiums to um basically fund all this litigation that's going on I mean it comes back to the policy holders in the end yeah the money has to be there to pay the expenses so the insurance companies can stay STL and and uh I I know litigation is a hot button issue across more lines of business but when you have a state with % of litigation cost that's uh that's quite a heavy burden to bear for the market it's interesting that that heavy burden is in a property you know first-party coverage where you would not expect a lot of litigation we've established a good road map of how we've got to where we're at but within the past few years there have been some changes that are still working their way into the current experience period Trevor I think now's a good time could you talk to us a little bit about the May 2022 reforms sure this reform in May of 2022 was the result of a special legislative session called by Governor DeSantis and in that session some of the results were uh Senate Bill 2D was passed that included contractor solicitation prohibitions and it's kind of a mouthful but as we think about what's happened with autog glass claims many companies have found ways to be more restrictive about allowing a body shop to repair a windshield where the customer doesn't have to pay the deductible if there there is one and some of those similar types of reforms have have pushed through to be in place to prevent a contractor from burying the cost of a deductible so the homeowner could avoid paying the deductible they've allowed separate roof deductibles so an insurance company can file and get approval to have a separate deductible for their roof and that was not allowable previously and there are some restrictions about how that can can be filed uh the deductible can be up to 2% of the coverage a limit or 50% of the roof whichever is lower insurers are allowed to put restrictions on roof age and that's important because a homeowner's policy isn't really a maintenance policy it's meant to pay for claims when they occur and so this allows an insurance carrier to prevent providing coverage for a roof that isn't being maintained and that is very likely to have damage and water leaks and so on so that restriction allows an insurer to refuse to issue or renew a policy for a roof that's older than 15 years the insurance company can't refuse to to write the policy solely based on the age if an inspection indicates that the roof has five years or more of useful life but the homeowner has some skin in the game they have to pay the cost of inspection there are additional changes in the the reform of May of 2022 that relate to bad f lawsuits and attorney fees related to aob so that it's not such a one-way Street as Clayton described with the attorney fees insurance companies have the ability to collect fees in certain situations related to aob in addition to Senate Bill 2D from the May 2022 special legislative session the Senate Bill 4D was passed which deals with older requirements that required an insurance company to replace the whole roof if more than a certain percentage like 25% needed to be repaired and Senate Bill 4D allows only the part of the roof being repaired to meet current building codes there were some rules in the past that required the homeowner and the insurer to replace the whole roof with more than a certain amount of damage had occurred in addition there's some inspection and maintenance requirements on condos that came out of that but that's more related to some of the serious problems that occurred with some miniums that collapsed in Florida well I know our listeners are already on the edge of their seats with uh wondering if the May 2022 reforms would do enough to address many of the problems that are facing the market but it wasn't enough even a year later more reforms made their way through the Florida legislature so Clayton could you walk us through the scope of the December 2022 reforms yeah happy happy to do that Robie and I think it's an important point that you raised about not being enough you know the legislature over the past past five years or so has taken a number of bites at the Apple here but they've really nipped around the edges and it finally got to the point where with the with the insolvencies that we saw in 2022 uh and the stress that was being put on the involuntary market and things of that nature I think the legislature finally got to the point that they realized that something had to be done another bit of perspective just an article that I just read this morning further emphasizes the need for the reforms that have taken place you know in in 2021 the the Private Industry uh so excluding citizens Property Insurance Corporation the involuntary Market insur in Florida the Private Industry lost about $1.15 billion total in 2022 the loss had increased to 1.5 billion primarily because of litigation right I mean hurricane Ian and things obviously contribute to that a little but but it's primarily the litigation issue so you know once and for all I think governor danis was really and and the legislature really tired of of of what was going on and the stress on the market and and the calls for reform finally LED them to take fairly drastic action that we're really hopeful is going to really start to turn this Market I mean it won't happen overnight but the the actions that they took are pretty significant so you know for example assignment and benefits have now been prohibited you know the oneway attorney fees are now no longer allowed in suits arising under either residential or commercial property insurance policies and that's huge because I mentioned earlier it's really the combination of the assignment of benefits provisions and the oneway attorney fees Provisions that really caused the root problems in Florida so getting rid of both of them you know we think is going to pay uh tremendous benefits uh you know there are other restrictions that were placed on claim filing for example new and reopened claims now must be filed within um a year you know under the old statutory Provisions up to two years was allowed to to file a new claim or reopen a claim supplemental claims must be now be made within 18 months instead of three years so this I think it it it helps the industry by providing more certainty it holds a policy holders a little more accountable it reduces the chances of fraud uh those kinds of things but on the flip side you know insurers are having to be subject to some additional Provisions too that are designed to Aid uh the policy holders so for example some prompt pay requirements that were part of Senate Bill 2A that passed in in December so for example the time they have to pay or deny a claim has dropped from 90 days to 60 days they have to review and acknowledge a claim communication um within 7 days now instead of 14 they have to begin their investigation now within 7 days instead of 14 and they have to conduct a physical inspection of the property within 30 days instead of 45 while there was definitely more protections in the new legislation that should turn the market around I think the legislature recognized that some of these Provisions to benefit the policy holders were needed to just to make sure that you know everything is sort of fair and Equitable across the board in the marketplace there's a just a lot of changes and I think it's going to take a little bit for this stuff to make its way into the experience period as I mentioned I know I'll be waiting with baited breath uh to see how how this Market turns in the next few years here when this stuff starts making its way through and uh we see the industry results and we'll be keeping a close eye on the rate filings I know that I know i't thoroughly enjoyed our discussion today let's leave our listeners with one last set of parting thoughts could each of you take 30 seconds and give some closing thoughts on where you see the market heading Trevor why don't you start us off sure I think it's important to remember as you just said that the reforms will take time to to play out some of the reforms are embedded in policy coverage law so they won't take effect until policy renews other items related to the reform will occur immediately and will begin to have an impact right away but it is important I think to be patient challenges will occur right we know that in the past when there are Chang in the law there are those who are opposed to those changes and they'll make an impact but I think it is worth noting that the changes in December seem different than those in the past in the past as Clayton mentioned the changes were nipping at the edges the subl limits were applied exclusions were applied things that really restrict coverage for the homeowner the reform in December seems different whereas it's trying to attack the underlying problem with litigation so that homeowners can have coverage without a a benefit that occurs to a few that decide to pursue litigation and and so in my mind December feels different than the reforms of the past all right Clayton what about your thoughts a lot of them similar to trevors Robie although I I would say that you know we're certainly not out of the woods yet and I think Trevor made alluded to that as he was kind of giving his summary as well I I think we are likely to to see a few more insolvencies this year I think it partially depends on what the weather brings this year in terms of hurricane activity I mean I have seen forecast that we're expecting a below average year in terms of storm activity which which will hopefully help the industry but there's going to be a lot of stress with June 1 reinsurance renewals coming up you know I've heard that there's going to be some pretty big increases again in in reinsurance costs because you know the reinsurers are really taking a wait and see attitude to see what plays out here I have also heard heard some chatter about new entrance into the marketplace so I I think we will see eventually more Capital flowing in to Florida I I don't know that we're going to see a return of the national carriers in in terms of increasing the size of the footprint I think it's still going to be domestic curers in Florida sort of needing to provide that capacity to the public to to satisfy their their needs but I'm hopeful that we'll see less restriction in coverage I mean one way that carriers have responded to all the challenges that they've had over the years is continuing to restrict coverage and restricting the amount of water coverage restricting the amount of roof coverage one thing after another they've had to implement to try and control their underwriting situations and the sad part of that really is that people who have had meritorious claims that that bought their insurance for a purpose sometimes have ended up without enough coverage simply because of you know the the defensive actions carers have had to take in in reducing the amount of exposure just to be able to maintain their solvency so I'm hopeful we'll see some easing of that too um over the coming years as we see how this plays out I mean there there's still a massive litigation you know even though the legislature took the action and is starting to work its way through it'll take a while for that Log Jam to clear up so it'll be a while but we're hopeful that we'll see new entrance and reduce premiums and a much healthier Market in the coming few years here's hoping thank you both so much for your comments Trevor thanks for being here I'm really glad I could be here thanks for inviting me and thanks to the audience for listening and Clayton thank you to you too I'm very happy to have had the opportunity Ravi and hope we provided some valuable information today well for Clayton Trevor myself we look forward to seeing you next time on rethinking Insurance thank you for joining us for this wtw podcast featuring the latest perspectives on the intersection of people capital and risk for more information visit the inside section of wtwo.com

- Navigating the Florida homeowners’ insurance market: Kind: captions Language: en in the Years leading up to 2022 there was about one insolvency every other year in 2022 there were seven insolvencies so that really shows the stress the market was under and it's not just from hurricanes you're listening to rethinking Insurance a podcast series from wtw where we discuss the issues facing PNC life and composite insurers around the globe as well as well as exploring the latest tools techniques and innovations that will help you rethink Insurance hello and welcome to rethinking insurance I'm your host Ravi Sharma on today's podcast we'll be discussing the Florida homeowners insurance Market tales of the past where we are today and where we are heading joining me today I have Clayton Southwood a senior director in wtw's Insurance Consulting and Technology practice and Trevor Withers a director in wtw's Insurance Consulting and Technology practice welcome to you both hi Robbie very happy to be here today thanks for inviting me good to see you well I'm happy to have you both on the show let's start off by learning a little bit about our guests Trevor I know you enjoy getting out in nature and Hiking so what's your favorite mountain range I'd have to say the mountain range in my backyard I love hiking in the wasat range in Utah and uh try to take opportunities to go hiking with my brother when I can in the summertime it sounds Majestic and it's great that it's so convenient and close to home so you can take advantage of it all right now what about you Clayton so I definitely do not do the heavy duty type of hiking that that Trevor does my wife and I really enjoy the Smoky Mountains we like to go and just take leisurely hikes through the nature so I I would say that's probably Tops on my list Ravi yeah and I know uh there's some nice roads to drive through as well some nice there too all right well well now that we've set our sights High let's jump into some Florida homeowners Clayton why don't you get us started with how the homeowners Market in Florida has changed over the past few years we're all familiar with the headlines showcasing population booms Economic Development and natural disasters but how does that all come together and impact where the market sits today yeah Ravi you you mentioned the issue of population booms I think personal Alliance Insurance Market is extremely important to the State of Florida it's really what makes the economy tick along if you look at what's happened from a population standpoint in Florida and from the standpoint of property values you know between 200 2020 you had a growth in the number of households from a little over um 6 million to almost 8 and a half million so pretty robust growth over that 20-year period and it's just continued since then I mean we've all heard the headlines of the growth in States like Florida you know in terms of of property values you know you go back to 2000 and the total value of the um properties in in Florida was about 750 billion you know that grew fairly steadily from that point dipped down during the housing crisis around 2008 or so but it it's been on a steady clip since surpassing three trillion by 2020 so you know the insurance Market is definitely very important to keep the economy Rolling Along people have to have mortgages you know you have to have that solid base to provide for the ability um of the population to continue growing you know you also mentioned sort of the history of of natural disasters and some of the things that impacted the Florida market and you know the natural disasters are definitely a big thing if you go back say 30 years ago Robie you know the Florida Market looked just about like any other Market in the country in large respect you know dominated by large National Carriers it looked just about like any other state to be quite honest then Along Came hurricane Andrew in 1992 and that started to change things I mean while in the grand scheme of things Andrew doesn't look like a large storm anymore because of the all the big storms we've had since you know it did send some Shock waves through the industry um you know a big storm like that coming ashore uh near Miami in Homestead it caused the industry to rethink and it caused the big National Carriers to wonder about Capital deployment it started the beginning of legislative action as as uh the state began to see you know the concerns that were being expressed by the industry so you had the formation of things like you know the florer hurricane cast refund right after Andrew in response you know fortunately then you went quite a while before you really had much going on in Florida from a storm standpoint I mean it wasn't until 2004 2005 uh that you really had a big major series of events there that shook the industry up again you know in 2004 you had Charlie and Francis and I and Jean just about back to back in that hurricane season and then in ' 05 you had Katrina and Rita and Wilma and so you know while Andrew started to teach the industry a little bit about severity this was more about frequency and you know this is again what really began to Shake in uh the industry and and led to the formation of a number of the Florida Standalone carries that we see today as capacity and availability of coverage got further restricted especially from the big National Carriers again though you you went through a fairly long period of calm uh until about 2017 when hurricane Irma comes ashore and that's when we started to see a lot of the troubles in Florida Robie a lot of the things that have gone on more recently around assignment of benefits you know the issues with wayway attorney fees some of the abuses that we've seen uh that's they really driven up claim costs so you know those are the those are the big things uh that have really shook the market and honestly you know the past five or six hurricane seasons have been the most active on record in Florida and has continued to drain the market it's really surreal to sit back and think about the the growth the market has seen over the past few decades really a lot of it like we talked about some of it's driven by the economic side and some of it's really driven by the catastrophe side but the unrelenting economic development that the market has seen as well has just really teed up this this perfect scenario or Perfect Storm not to to have a bad pun there but uh I think that lays a nice foundation for the demand side of the insurance Market but let's shift our Focus to the supply side Trevor how has the market looked over the past decade I know capital is getting more expensive and it's gone through varying periods um of constraints and surplus but how has that transition to the solvency of the market in its current form I think that's a a great question Robbie because there really is an interesting history and how the demographics of the market have changed in 20 2005 10 of the 11 largest carriers in Florida were National Carriers and there's been a steady and driving shift over the 15 or 16 years after that point where in 20121 only three of the top 11 carriers are National Carriers so there's been this dramatic shift away from companies with diverse Countrywide exposure to Specialty carriers that primarily right business in Florida and that's really the opposite direction that we'd like to see in the insurance Market from A diversity perspective from a stability perspective and I think that leads right into the next point if we if we think about what combined ratio experience has been in the State of Florida for those carriers that that write business there it's it's also interesting to see that there has been much more volatility in the combined r ratios for the Florida specialty carriers and that's not surprising when you hear the the Hurricanes roll off Clayton's tongue almost like a song you can correlate that directly to how you you see these graphs of combined ratios changing over time where there's volatility and in many years combined ratio is over 120% for Florida specialty carriers and in those same years where the National Carriers have have performed much better and much closer to a combined ratio of 100 so I think that really illustrates some of the challenges that have been in place and this the shift over time to a specialty carrier has has just become a challenge Clayton mentioned some of the the challenges with the legal environment with one-way attorney fees and assignment of benefits and I think there's a correlation there as well with some of the insolvency history that has happened in the State of Florida in the Years leading up to 2022 there was about one insolvency every other year in 2022 there were seven insolvencies so that really shows the stress the market was under and it's not just from hurricanes it's not just from you know one aspect of the legal environment in Florida there's multiple dimensions and elements that all contributed to that and they all came together in 2022 to create a really challenging situation that led to seven insolvencies in 2023 there there was one insolvency so far we'll see you know how the year plays out but it it certainly has been a challenging Market all I can say is wow uh I think the items you touched on there bring us to a good point to discuss market conditions I know in our preparations for this discussion Clayton you shared some mind-blowing stats many of them left a breadcrumb trail revealing the core of the problem could you share some of those current market conditions in Florida maybe contrast those with what we've seen from a Countrywide perspective yeah absolutely Robbie happy to to talk about some of the challenges that that Florida specifically has seen you know honestly it's it's first and foremost it's about litigation you know if you look back over the past several years that's really been the primary driver of the actions that have been taken legislatively in Florida to try and and fix the problems you know Governor Dan santis has often cited a couple of key statistics relative to the homeowners Market in Florida compared to the rest of the country the first is that between 2016 and 2021 on average Florida had about 8% of all claims homeowners claims filed which is about on par with what you would expect given Florida's population relative to the rest of the country but the number of homeowners related lawsuits relative to the Countrywide total has been close to 80% in Florida so if you think about that I mean it's just mindblowing that you know up to 80% of all Countrywide homeowners lawsuits have been coming out of Florida and that that's been a very steady pattern over the past several years uh and that's been the root of the problem that these carriers have faced in Florida and a primary reason why we've seen these insolvencies and there are a couple primary things that have have driven that Robbie I mean one is assignment of benefits for those who aren't familiar with assignment of benefits basically it's an agreement that's formed when an insured signs a contract with a third party usually a contractor a water remediation contractor a roofing contractor something of that nature to basically step into the insured shoes and pursue the rights against an insurance company and the insurance policy so you know the contractor will say you know you you've had a traumatic experience with this damage to your home let let's give you a little pece of mind we'll just take over the process of of negotiating with the insurance company but then that combined with the wway attorney fee Statute in Florida has really created the the problem for the industry and I want to make that clear I mean it's it's not just aob and of itself because you know aobs are allowed in other states too that's not that's not a Florida specific issue but the wway attorney fee statute has been a Florida specific issue and those two in combination is really what's been the problem in Florida with the oneway attorney fee statute what's what went on there historically Robi is you know if an insured chose to sue their insurer you know the insur will make some kind of an offer for settlement typically what happens then is when the case finally goes to court if the insured prevails by no more than a dollar more than what was offered then the insur is not only stuck with paying for the claim but they're stuck with paying for their own legal fees and the insurance legal fees you know the opposite is not true you know if if the insurer prevails they don't have the same ability to collect their legal fees from the other party and it's been those two things fortunately the legislature has dealt with that we're hopeful that they've dealt with that sufficiently with the special session that took place in December that we'll talk about a little later but it's really been those two things that have been the root cause of a lot of pain for I mean honestly not only for the insurance companies in Florida Ravi but for the residents of Florida who are paying the premiums to um basically fund all this litigation that's going on I mean it comes back to the policy holders in the end yeah the money has to be there to pay the expenses so the insurance companies can say dolent and uh I I know litigation is a hot button issue across more lines of business but when you have a state with 80% of litigation cost that's uh that's quite a heavy burden to bear for the market it's interesting that that heavy burden is in a property you know first-party coverage where you would not expect a lot of litigation we've established a good road map of how we've got to where we're at but within the past few years there have been some changes that are still working their way into the current experience period Trevor I think now's a good time could you talk to us a little bit about the May 2022 reforms sure this reform in May of 2022 was the result of a special legislative session called by Governor DeSantis and in that session some of the results were uh Senate Bill 2D was passed that included contractor solicitation prohibitions and it's kind of a mouthful but as we think about what's happened with autog glass claims many companies have found ways to be more restrictive about allowing a body shop to repair a windshield where the customer doesn't have to pay the deductible if there is one and some of those similar types of reforms have have pushed through to be in place to prevent a contractor from burying the cost of a deductible so the homeowner could avoid paying the deductible they've allowed separate roof deductibles so an insurance company can file and get approval to have a separate deductible for their roof and that was not allowable previously and there are some restrictions about how that can can be filed uh the deductible can be up to 2% of the coverage a limit or 50% of the roof whichever is lower insurers are allowed to put restrictions on roof age and that's important because a homeowner's policy isn't really a maintenance policy it's meant to pay for claims when they occur and so this allows an insurance carrier to prevent providing coverage for a roof that isn't being maintained and that is very likely to have damage and water leaks and so on so that restriction allows an insurer to refuse to issue or renew a policy for a roof that's older than 15 years the insurance company can't refuse to to write the policy solely based on the age if an inspection indicates that the roof has five years or more of useful life but the homeowner has some skin in the game they have to pay the cost of inspection there are additional changes in the the reform of May of 2022 that relate to ad Faith lawsuits and attorney fees related to aob so that it's not such a one-way Street as Clayton described with the attorney fees insurance companies have the ability to collect fees in certain situations related to aob in addition to Senate Bill 2D from the May 2022 special legislative session the Senate Bill 4D was passed which deals with older requirements that required an insurance company to replace the whole r Ro if more than a certain percentage like 25% needed to be repaired and Senate Bill 4D allows only the part of the roof being repaired to meet current building codes there were some rules in the past that required the homeowner and the insurer to replace the whole roof with more than a certain amount of damage had occurred in addition there's some inspection and maintenance requirements on condos that came out of that but that's more related to some of the serious problems that occurred with some condominiums that collapsed in Florida well I know our listeners are already on the edge of their seats with uh wondering if the May 2022 reforms would do enough to address many of the problems that are facing the market but it wasn't enough even a year later more reforms made their way through the Florida legislature so Clayton could you walk us through the scope of the December 2022 reforms yeah happy happy to do that Robie I think it's an important point that you raised about not being enough you know the legislature over the past five years or so has taken a number of bites at the Apple here but they've really nipped around the edges and it finally got to the point where with the with the insolvencies that we saw in 2022 uh and the stress that was being put on the involuntary market and things of that nature I think the legislature finally got to the point that they realized that something had to be done another bit of perspective just an article that I just read this warning that further emphasizes the need for the reforms that have taken place you know in in 2021 the the Private Industry uh so excluding citizens Property Insurance Corporation the involuntary Market insure in Florida the Private Industry lost about $1.15 billion total in 2022 the loss had increased to 1.5 billion primarily because of litigation right I mean hurricane Ian and things obviously contribute to that a little but but it's primarily the litigation issue so you know once and for all I think governor danis was really and and the legislature really tired of of of what was going on and the stress in the market and and the calls for reform finally LED them to take fairly drastic action that we're really hopeful is going to really start to turn in this market I mean it won't happen overnight but the the actions that they took are pretty significant so so you know for example assignment and benefits have now been prohibited you know the oneway attorney fees are now no longer allowed in suits arising under either residential or commercial property insurance policies and that's huge because I mentioned earlier it's really the combination of the assignment of benefits provisions and the oneway attorney fees Provisions that really caused the root problems in Florida so getting rid of both of them you know we think is going to pay uh tremendous benefits uh you know there are other restrictions that were placed based on claim filing for example new and reopened claims now must be filed within um a year you know under the old statutory Provisions up to two years was allowed to to file a new claim or reopen a claim supplemental claims must be now be made within 18 months instead of three years so this I think it it it helps the industry by providing more certainty it holds the policy holders a little more accountable it reduces the chances of fraud uh those kinds of things but but on the flip side you know insurers are having to be subject to some additional Provisions too that are designed to Aid uh the policy holders so for example some prompt pay requirements that were part of Senate Bill 2A that passed in in December so for example the time they have to pay or deny a claim has dropped from 90 days to 60 days they have to review and acknowledge a claim communication um within 7 days now instead of 14 they have to begin their investigation now within 7 days instead of 14 and they have to conduct a physical inspection of the property within 30 days instead of 45 while there was definitely more protections in the new legislation that should turn the market around I think the legislature recognizes that some of these Provisions to benefit the policy holders were needed too just to make sure that you know everything is sort of fair and Equitable across the board in the marketplace there's a just a lot of changes and I think it's going to take a little bit for this stuff to make its way into the experience period as I mentioned I know I'll be waiting with baited breath uh to see how how this Market turns in the next few years here when this stuff starts making its way through and uh we see the industry results and we'll be keeping a close eye on the rate filings I know that I know Ian thoroughly enjoyed our discussion today let's leave our listeners with one last set of parting thoughts could each of you take 30 seconds and give some closing thoughts on where you see the market heading Trevor why don't you start us off sure I think it's important to remember as you just said that the reforms will take time to to play out some of the reforms are embedded in policy coverage law so they won't take effect until a policy renews other items related to the reform will occur immediately and will begin to have an impact right away but it is important I think to be patient challenges will occur right we know that in the past when they changes in the law there are those who are opposed to those changes and they'll make an impact but I think it is worth noting that the changes in December seem different than those in the past in the past as Clayton mentioned the changes were nipping at the edges the sublimit were applied exclusions were applied things that really restrict coverage for the homeowner the reform in December seems different whereas it's trying to attack the underlying problem with litigation so that homeowners can have coverage without a a benefit that occurs to a few that decide to pursue litigation and and so in my mind December feels different than the reforms of the past all right Clayton what about your thoughts a lot of them similar to trevors Robie although I I would say that you know we're certainly not out of the woods yet and I think trevors made alluded to that as he was kind of giving his summary as well I I think we are likely to to see a few more insolvencies this year I think partially depends on what the weather brings this year in terms of hurricane activity I mean I have seen forecast that we're expecting a below average year in terms of storm activity which which will hopefully help the industry but there's going to be a lot of stress with June 1 reinsurance renewals coming up you know I've heard that there's going to be some pretty big increases again in in reinsurance costs because you know the reinsurers are really taking waight and see attitude to see what plays out here I have also also heard some chatter about new entrance into the marketplace so I I think we will see eventually more Capital flowing in to Florida I I don't know that we're going to see a return of the national carriers in in terms of increasing the size of the footprint I think it's still going to be domestic cers in Florida sort of needing to provide that capacity to the public to to satisfy their their needs but I'm hopeful that we'll see less restriction in coverage I mean one way that carriers have responded to all the challenges that they've had over the years is continuing to restrict coverage and restricting the amount of water coverage restricting the amount of roof coverage one thing after another they've had to implement to try and control their underwriting situations and the sad part of that really is that people who have had meritorious claims that that bought their insurance for a purpose sometimes have ended up without enough coverage simply because of you know the the the defensive actions carriers have had to take in in reducing the amount of exposure just to be able to maintain their solvency so I'm hopeful we'll see some easing of that too um over the coming years as we see how this plays out I mean there there's still a massive litigation you know even though the legislature took the action and is starting to work its way through it'll take a while for that Log Jam to clear up so it'll be a while but we're hopeful that we'll see new entrance and and reduce premiums and a much healthier Market in the coming few years here's hoping thank you both so much for your comments Trevor thanks for being here I'm really glad I could be here thanks for inviting me and thanks to the audience for listening and Clayton thank you to you too uh very happy to have had the opportunity Ravi and hope we've provided some valuable information today well for Clayton Trevor myself we look forward to seeing you next time on rethinking Insurance thanks thank you for joining us for this wtw podcast featuring the latest perspectives on the intersection of people capital and risk for more information visit the inside section of wtwo.com

- HCI Group, Inc. (HCI): Navigating a Reformed Florida Insurance Market: Kind: captions Language: en ever feel like you're just drowning in information, especially when you're trying to understand, you know, these really complex industries that affect us all? >> Oh, absolutely. It's overwhelming. >> It is, isn't it? Trying to cut through all that noise and really get a handle on what's actually happening, the real forces at play. >> Yeah. The why behind it all. >> Exactly. Well, that's what we try to do here on the deep dive. We aim to give you that shortcut basically to being well informed. We pull out the most important stuff, the key insights, so you get it without getting totally bogged down. >> That's the goal. Definitely helping connect the dots, providing that context so you understand not just what's going on, but why and maybe crucially what it could mean for you. >> And today we are jumping right into a world that's well, it's fascinating, but also, let's be honest, often pretty turbulent. Uh-huh. >> We're talking about the property and casualty insurance market down in Florida. And we're going to look at it through the lens of one specific company, HCI Group, Inc., >> right? A major player there. >> But this isn't just going to be about numbers on a spreadsheet. Not at all. This is really a story, you know? It's about huge legislative changes, about these global market cycles that ripple outwards, about tech innovation being used as a real strategic tool. >> And that constant tension, right, between the company needing to be profitable and people needing affordable insurance, especially in a place like Florida that sees so many catastrophes. >> Exactly. That tension is key. >> And what's really interesting here is seeing how all these pieces fit together. It creates this narrative of uh resilience, adaptation. You've got a company like HCI trying to navigate these massive forces. Their story is almost like a perfect case study for the whole market. >> It really is a story of big changes, big adaptation. >> Yeah. A dramatic shift really. >> So our mission today is to unpack HCI's journey and through that get a better grip on the whole Florida insurance scene. We want to explore some big questions >> like is this stability we're seeing now in Florida, is it real? Is it a structural thing that's going to last or is it just, you know, a calm patch before the next hurricane season really tests it? >> A really critical question. >> And does HCI's own tech, their proprietary stuff, does that give them a real lasting edge over the competition? >> That's another big one, the tech angle, >> how does the global reinsurance market, this huge thing happening often behind the scenes, how does that affect a company focused mainly on Florida like HCI? >> Yeah, that connection is often missed, but it's vital. And putting it all together, what does it all mean for understanding HCI's value and importantly the risks that come with investing in this kind of business? >> It is a complex picture, no doubt about it. But looking at it gives you these crucial insights into how policy, global capital, local business, how they all react not just to crisis, but also to the reforms that come after. I mean, we're talking about a massive swing for HDI. They went from big losses just back in 2022 to projecting record profits in 2024 2025. That kind of turnaround is pretty rare and it tells you a lot about the impact of the changes that were made. >> So get ready for I think some genuinely surprising facts and maybe a few aha moments along the way because this isn't just some dry business analysis. No, >> it's a real case study in resilience and adapting, and you really see the powerful ripple effects when major legislation changes things. By the end, you should have a much clearer picture of what makes this market tick and why it matters. >> Let's dive in. >> Okay, so let's start by setting the scene. Florida's property insurance market. To really get why the recent turnaround is such a big deal, we need to understand just how bad things were before, say, 2022. >> Oh, it was bad. really bad. >> It wasn't just struggling, right? It was more like a full-on crisis. >> Absolutely. For eight straight years leading up to 2022, the Florida property and casualty PNC market was just defined by these deep, deep problems. And you know, it wasn't just about the hurricanes, though obviously they didn't help. It was more fundamental, a breakdown in just how the market was functioning. >> A fundamental breakdown. What was at the core of that breakdown? If it wasn't just storms, what was it? Well, connecting it to the bigger picture, the uh the main issue wasn't really the natural disasters themselves. It was the legal environment. It had become frankly deeply problematic. It fostered just excessive litigation. >> Excessive litigation. >> Yeah. Our sources actually call it a claims cottage industry. Can you picture that? >> A claims cottage industry. >> Wow. That's quite a phrase. >> It paints a picture, right? It was like the legal system, maybe unintentionally, had created these really strong financial incentives. It just became super profitable for certain lawyers, certain contractors to file lawsuits, often over really minor stuff or disputed claims >> instead of just resolving the claims efficiently. >> Exactly. It was almost like a machine turnurning out lawsuits. >> So, it became more profitable to sue than for the insurance system to just work as intended, paying legitimate claims. What were the actual consequences for the insurers, for homeowners? >> Well, the consequences were pretty dire and widespread. You had just rampant litigation. You saw an alarming number of insurance companies actually going insolvent, going bust. >> Wow. >> And just continuous underwriting losses across the board. Lots of insurers just couldn't make money in Florida. So, they either pulled out of the state altogether, drastically limited how many policies they'd write, or like I said, went out of business. >> And that instability must have hit homeowners hard. >> Oh, directly. fewer choices for coverage, premiums that were just skyrocketing year after year. And often the coverage itself wasn't as good. It really created this vicious cycle. Rising costs, shrinking availability. It was bad news for everyone. >> Okay. So, a real crisis situation affecting everybody. But then something big happened. This legislative overhaul between 2022 and 2023. >> You said it wasn't just tinkering. >> No, not tinkering at all. This was a truly structural shift. These weren't just minor adjustments. The legislature held special sessions, which tells you how urgent they thought it was. And they passed these sweeping reforms. The whole point was to fundamentally change the state's tort landscape, you know, the whole legal environment around civil claims. They were going right after the roots of that litigation mess. >> Okay, let's unpack that because this sounds like where things really started to turn. >> What were the key reforms? And maybe more importantly, how did they actually work to fix that litigation problem? >> Well, one of the absolute biggest changes was getting rid of something called one-way attorney fees. >> One-way attorney fees. Explain that. >> Okay. So, the old rule was if a homeowner, the plaintiff, sued their insurance company, and won in court, even if they only won a tiny amount more than the insurer had offered, >> the insurance company had to pay all of the plaintiff's legal fees. Not just their own, but the other sides, too. >> Wow. Okay. I can immediately see how that might create some interesting incentives. How did that play out? >> Think about it like this. If you're an attorney and you know your fees are basically guaranteed by the insurer if you win anything, it creates this massive incentive to file lawsuits. You could take on cases with pretty small damages, maybe even claims that were a bit shaky, knowing that if you managed to win even a little bit, your payday was covered by the insurer. >> So, it fueled an explosion of lawsuits. >> Exactly. It turned lots of small disputes that maybe could have been settled into really expensive legal battles. It was just draining capital from the insurers. >> So by repealing that rule for property insurance claims, the legislature basically tried to remove that primary economic driver for excessive litigation kind of rebalance things. >> That makes sense. A huge change to the economics of suing. What else did they do that was really impactful? >> Another really significant one was prohibiting assignment of benefits or AOB. A OB. I've heard that term. How did that work and why was it such a problem? >> Okay, so under the old system, let's say you're a homeowner, you've got roof damage from a storm. A contractor comes knocking, says, "I can fix that." Then they ask you to sign this AOB form. What that did legally was transfer your right to the insurance benefits directly over to the contractor. So the contractor then basically took over the whole claim process. >> Ah, so the homeowner was kind of out of the loop >> often. Yeah. And this became a massive source of inflated claims because once the contractor had that AOB, they had the legal power to sue the insurer directly. >> I see. >> So the incentive for them was to jack up the repair costs, you know, maybe replace the whole roof when only a patch was needed, knowing they could then fight the insurer in court for every penny, often without the homeowner really being involved or even fully understanding what was happening. >> Wow, that sounds ripe for abuse. >> It really was. So, by banning AOBS for new policies starting January 1st, 2023, the goal was to stop those inflated claims and the lawsuits that followed, putting control back with the actual homeowner. >> Okay, so fewer third parties driving up costs, more control for the policy holder. Any other big changes to how claims were handled? >> Yeah, a couple more important ones. They also significantly shortened the deadlines for filing claims. >> How much shorter? >> Pretty drastically. It used to be you had two years to report a brand new claim and three years if it was a supplemental claim like more damage found later from the same storm. >> Okay. >> Now is down to one year for new claims and only 18 months for supplemental ones. >> Why the change? What does that shorter time frame do? >> Well, for the insurers, it helps reduce what they call the long tale of uncertainty. Older claims are just harder to investigate accurately. They cost more to handle and they're more likely to end up in court as memories fade and evidence gets lost. >> Makes sense. >> And for policyh holders, the idea was to encourage faster reporting and faster resolution. Less time for things to drag out and potentially turn into a dispute. >> Okay. And you mentioned one more. >> Yes. Reforms to the prompt pay law. These basically tighten the timelines for insurers. They now have less time to acknowledge a claim, investigate it, and then make a decision. Either pay it or deny it. That sounds like it benefits the policy holder. Setting clearer expectations. >> That was definitely the intention. Improve the process for homeowners by setting stricter standards for the insurers while also again cutting down the time window where claims could just linger and maybe escalate into litigation. >> So summing up these reforms, it really sounds like this wasn't just about hurricane damage. It was laser focused on controlling that human-made risk, that litigationheavy environment. >> Precisely. It was about rewriting the rules of engagement, like you said earlier, >> taking aim at these structural flaws. >> Exactly. The state basically went after the underlying issues that had made the market such a mess for so long. A direct hit on that claims cottage industry. >> Okay, now this is where it gets really, really interesting. Let's talk about the impact. We've hinted at this dramatic turnaround from losses to profits. How quickly did things change and what did the numbers show? >> Oh, the turnaround was dramatic and frankly pretty stunningly fast. The data is really compelling. Remember those eight straight years of underwriting losses for the Florida specialist insurers? >> Yeah, grim picture. >> Well, in 2024, this is excluding the state-run citizens and the big national carriers. Just looking at the Florida focused guys, they reported their first underwriting profit in eight years. >> The first one in eight years. Wow. After all that red ink. >> Yeah, think about that. Eight years bleeding money, then suddenly boom, profitability. >> What was the most surprising part of that speed? And can you give us some specifics? How big was the swing? >> I think the sheer speed was what surprised a lot of people. It really showed just how much that litigation drag was holding things back once that was lifted or at least significantly reduced. >> Things snapped back. >> They really did. So for specifics, that group of Florida specialist insurers, their combined ratio, remember under 100 is profitable was 93.1% in 2024. And they had an underwriting gain of $26.7 million. Okay, compare that to the year before. >> In 2023, they had a $174.4 million loss. >> Wow, that's a huge swing. Nearly $400 million difference. >> It's massive. And their pre-tax operating income, it surged to $492.3 million in 2024. The year before it was basically just break even. These aren't small changes. They are truly seismic shifts in financial performance. >> Those numbers are incredible. So, was it just the reforms that drove this or was something else boosting profitability, too? >> That's a really crucial point. The reforms were absolutely the foundation. They made profitability possible again. But the turnaround was also significantly fueled by substantial rate increases that insurers had pushed through during those crisis years. >> Ah, right. They've been losing money, so they had to raise rates just to try and survive. >> Exactly. They needed to cover those mounting losses. And those rate hikes were significant. Data from the Florida Office of Insurance Regulations shows the average property insurance premium shot up by 34%. >> 34%. >> Yeah. Just between the end of 2022 and early 2025, the average premium hit $3,23. >> That's a huge jump for homeowners. A real hit to the wallet. So, the total amount of premium money coming into the system must have soared, too. >> It absolutely did. Over a similar time frame, the total direct premium written by these insurers climbed almost 40%. Reaching about$ 23 billion dollars. So the why behind this sudden profitability is really a powerful combination. >> Okay, it >> a sharp drop in litigationdriven claims frequency thanks to the reforms, >> right? >> Combined with significantly higher premiums being earned thanks to those earlier rate hikes. Put those two together and you get what our sources are calling exceptional underwriting profitability. Okay, that clarifies it. Reforms fixed the leaks. Rate hikes filled the bucket. But now the bucket is full and the market looks stable and profitable. What happens next? Does money start flowing in? >> Because profit usually attracts competition. >> You nailed it. That's basic economics. And yes, predictably, restoring stability and profitability acts like a magnet for new capital. The Florida Office of Insurance Regulation, the OIR, they've already noted 15 new PNC companies entering the Florida market since the reforms passed as of August 2025. >> 15 new companies already. So, competition is definitely heating up. What does that mean for the existing players like HCI? Those record profits might not last forever if new guys are jumping in. >> Exactly. Right. This is where we see what's called a profitability competition lag. those huge profits in 2024, they're the result of actions taken back in 2022, 2023, >> right? The reforms and rate hikes, >> but the reaction from the market, new companies forming, raising money, starting to compete for policies that takes time to fully play out, we'll see the real impact of that competition building through 2025 and beyond. >> Ah, okay. So, those exceptionally high margins that companies like HCI are enjoying now, they probably have a finite lifespan. >> Yeah. Eventually, more competition means pressure to lower prices, right? >> Almost inevitably, it's a cycle. And this leads to another really important point. While the insurance companies are celebrating being back in the black, there's a growing political risk, and that's the affordability crisis for homeowners. >> Yeah. That 34% average rate hike is staggering. >> Exactly. So, you have this stark contrast. Record industry profits on one side and homeowners struggling with massive premium increases on the other. That's a politically charged situation, >> especially when you see news reports like that Newsweek story about thousands of Hurricane Debbie claims being closed without payment. That adds fuel to the fire, doesn't it? >> It absolutely does. That kind of story combined with the high premiums creates a really politically sensitive environment. And the implication is huge. If affordability becomes a major political flash point, >> which it seems likely to, >> it could easily lead to future regulatory intervention. You could see politicians pushing for things like rate caps or maybe even mandating premium reductions, >> which could potentially undo some of the benefits the insurers gain from the reforms. >> Precisely. It could unwind some of the benefits, creating a whole new set of challenges. It's a really delicate balancing act for regulators and politicians down there. >> That's a critical point. It's not just about market forces. Politics and social pressure can reshape the whole game. Okay, let's shift gears slightly and talk about something huge but often invisible, reinsurance. You mentioned it's a massive cost. Can you explain what it is and why it's so critical, especially for a Florida insurer like HCI? >> Sure. Reinsurance is uh basically insurance for insurance companies. Simple as that. >> Insurance for insurers. Okay. Think of it as their financial backs stop. For a company like HCI, writing policies primarily in Florida, a state hammered by hurricanes, reinsurance is their single largest cost of goods sold. It's how they protect their own finances from a truly devastating hurricane or series of storms that could otherwise just wipe them out. >> So without it, they couldn't really operate in Florida. >> Honestly, no. Not prudently. Anyway, without strong reinsurance, a major hurricane could bankrupt them. It's absolutely essential. >> Got it. So, it's their crucial safety net, but a very expensive one. And I gather the price and availability of this reinsurance isn't stable. It follows some kind of global cycle. >> Exactly. It's dictated by a global market cycle. And recently, that cycle has been on a real roller coaster. It swung from what felt like a really punishing, expensive, hard market to more recently a much more favorable, capital rich environment. And that shift provides a significant tailwind for HCI. It helps their bottom line directly by making their biggest expense potentially lower or at least more predictable. >> Okay, tell me about that punishing hard market. What happened around 2023 that made it so tough for insurers buying reinsurance? >> Well, 2023 was really the peak of it. Some called it the great reset. What happened was after several years of really big catastrophe losses worldwide, not just Florida hurricanes, but wildfires in California, floods in Europe, you name it, right? and generally poor financial returns for the reinsurers themselves. They basically said enough is enough. They needed to get their own houses in order financially. So at the big renewal period on January 1st, 2023, the market went through this historic reset. >> A reset sounds painful for the buyers. What did that mean for companies like ACI trying to buy their protection? >> Oh, it was definitely a painful correction for them. The reinsurers needing to boost their own profits did a few things. They drastically increase prices sometimes 30, 40, 50% or even more for the same coverage. Wow. >> They also raise the attachment points. That's the level of loss where the reinsurance actually starts paying out. Raising that means the primary insurer like HCI has to absorb more of the losses themselves before the reinsurance kicks in. >> So they keep more risk. >> Exactly. And on top of that, reinsurers tightened up the terms and conditions of the coverage significantly. So insurers like HCI were forced to pay a lot more for protection that often started higher up and might have had more restrictions. It was tough. >> Okay. A much harder, more expensive environment. But then you said things shifted again in 2024, 2025. >> Yeah. >> What turned it around? Why did it become more favorable? >> Well, ironically, it was the success of that hard market for the reinsurers because prices went up so much. They finally started making good money again in 2023 and 2024. >> Ah, success breeds capital. >> Precisely. Strong returns attracted a whole lot of new capital back into the global reinsurance market. AON, one of the big brokers, reported that global reinsurance capital hit a new record high around $735 billion by mid2025. >> $735 billion. That's a huge pool of money. >> Massive. And a growing part of that was alternative capital. Things like catastrophe bonds where investors basically bet on whether catastrophes will happen. That part surged to $121 billion. It showed investors were eager to get back into insurance linked investments once the pricing was right. >> So all this new capital flowing in, more players wanting to sell reinsurance. Does that flip it back to being more of a buyer friendly market for HCI? >> Exactly. More capital means more competition among reinsurers. And yes, that shifts the power dynamic. While the reinsurers have tried to maintain discipline on the terms and attachment points, they haven't forgotten the pain. The pricing has definitely softened. We saw property catastrophe programs that didn't have major losses getting rate reductions maybe 5% to 15% at the January 2025 renewals. Amst even said the balance of power appears to be shifting toward primary carriers. Companies like HCI have a bit more leverage now. >> Okay. So these are direct tailwinds for HCI. They can buy that essential catastrophe protection at more stable and predictable costs. >> That flows right to their bottom line improving their net combined ratio and earnings. >> Absolutely. Lower reinsurance costs are a direct benefit. And we saw HCI successfully complete its big reinsurance program for 2025 2026 back in June 2025, reflecting this calmer, more competitive market that's a significant positive for their financial outlook. >> But I sense there might be a butt coming. Is there a downside to this softening reinsurance market? Does it create other issues? >> There absolutely is a double-edged sword here. And this is a crucial point. While cheaper reinsurance is great for HCI's costs, it also lowers what was probably the single biggest barrier to entry for new insurance companies wanting to start up or expand in Florida. >> Ah, if reinsurance is easier and cheaper to get, it's easier for competitors to jump in. >> Exactly. It significantly reduces the financial hurdle. So this softening reinsurance market will likely accelerate the influx of competition into Florida, which in turn could shorten the duration of the supernormal profits that companies like HCI are enjoying right now. >> So again, we see that cycle good news on costs might mean tougher competition down the road. Yeah, it really shows how interconnected everything is in this insurance world. >> It really does. Market dynamics are always shifting. >> Okay, let's zoom in now on HCI Group itself. We understand the market, the reinsurance cycles. >> How does HCI fit into all this? What's their core business model and strategy? >> Well, HCI is technically a diversified holding company, but let's be clear. Its financial results are overwhelmingly driven by the insurance side of the house. >> Got it. Insurance is king. >> Definitely. Their strategy is deeply rooted in Florida. They try to leverage their own technology and they're known for being pretty opportunistic, capitalizing on market disruptions like other companies pulling back, for example. Essentially, they aim to grow by being smart and efficient in what everyone knows is a really volatile place to do business. >> So, not just passively riding the waves, but actively trying to navigate them using tech and strategy. You said it's a holding company. What are the key pieces under that HCI umbrella? >> Sure. So, first you have the original carrier, Homeowners Choice Property and Casualty Insurance Company, or HCPCI, founded way back in 2007. This is their core focusing on homeowners, condo insurance, renters insurance mainly in Florida. That's the foundation. >> Okay. The traditional base. What about newer stuff? Especially that tech focus you mentioned. >> Right. Then there's Tiptap Insurance Company. They launched Tiptap in 2016. This is positioned as HCI's technology focused insurer. It's been a big driver of their organic growth. Tiptap uses more modern tech for underwriting, for policy administration. The goal is efficiency, speed, precision. often allowing customers to get quotes and buy policies completely online. >> So, a traditional carrier and a more modern techdriven one. Where does the tech itself come from? Is it bought off the shelf or >> No. And this is key. It comes from Exio. This is HCI's own in-house technology division. Exio develops the proprietary software platforms that both HCPCI and Tiptap use. >> Like what kind of software? We're talking about things like their harmony system, which handles all the policy administration, issuing policies, billing, endorsements, everything. And their claim colony platform for managing claims. Having this tech developed in-house is a pretty significant differentiator compared to smaller players who might rely on third party systems. Gives them more control, more customization. >> That sounds like a potentially powerful advantage. Do they have anything else in the group besides insurance and tech? Any diversification? >> Yeah, they do have some. There's Green Leaf Capital, which is their real estate subsidiary. Green Leaf owns and manages commercial properties in Florida, office buildings, retail spots, even some marinas. So that provides a bit of diversification away from pure insurance risk. >> And one more important piece, CL Insurance Company. This is a reinsurance company they set up doiciled in Bermuda. >> Ah, so they're playing the reinsurance game themselves >> in a way. Yes. CL allows HCI to basically reinsure a portion of its own risk. It gives them more flexibility, lets them keep some of that reinsurance premium within the group and helps them actively manage their exposure to the ups and downs of that global reinsurance cycle we talked about. >> Okay, so quite an ecosystem they've built there. Insurance, tech, real estate, even their own reinsur. What's been a primary way they've actually grown their insurance business in Florida, especially with all the market turmoil. A really key part of their growth strategy, especially recently, has been actively participating in Florida's citizens depopulation program. >> Citizens. >> That's the state-run insurer of last resort. Right. The place people go when they can't get private insurance. >> Exactly. And Florida has been trying for years to shrink citizens to get policies back into the private market. The depopulation program is how they do that. Private insurers can apply to take out policies from citizens. >> Okay. So, it's a way to move policies off the state's books and onto private companies. How does HCI approach that? Do they just take any policy? >> No. And this is where their tech comes in again. HCI uses its systems, presumably drawing on lots of data, to analyze the huge portfolio of policies within Citizens. They then selectively choose policies that fit their specific underwriting appetite. Maybe policies in areas with lower historical losses or homes built to better standards. >> So, they cherrypick. Essentially, >> you could say that it's proven to be a very effective way for them to acquire a lot of premium relatively quickly and cheaply, especially as the state is actively encouraging this depopulation. >> Any examples of the scale? >> Yeah, for instance, in the first quarter of 2024, HCI took on about 9,800 policies from citizens. That represented nearly $88 million in annualized premium right there. >> Wow, that's significant growth in one go. And later in 2024, three of their carriers, HCPCI, Tiptap, and another one called Tail Row, were approved to potentially take out up to 25,000 more policies each. So, it allows them to scale up rapidly, but in a controlled, selective way. >> That really highlights the power of that tech for efficient growth. You keep mentioning the technology Exo. How big a competitive differentiator is that really compared to other local Florida >> It's potentially a major factor. HCI has clearly made a significant ongoing investment in building its own tech through Exio. Management argues pretty strongly that these platforms give them real advantages. >> Like what specifically? >> More precise underwriting. They claim being able to assess risk better, price it more accurately, greater operational efficiency, meaning lower costs to run the business dayto-day, and a better claims handling process, which is huge for both cost control and keeping customers happy. In a high volume, high-risisk market like Florida, especially with new competitors coming in, those efficiencies can be critical. >> And there's talk about Exo potentially being spun off. What's that about and why is it considered a big deal? >> Yes, this is something the investment community is watching very closely. HCI management has openly seated their intention to eventually establish Exio as its own separate independent publicly traded company. Maybe through a spin-off to existing HCI shareholders or maybe through an IPO. >> Why would they do that? What's the benefit? >> Well, there are a few potential big benefits. First, it could unlock value. The market might value XO much more highly as a pure play insert techch company than it does when it's just buried inside an insurance holding company. >> Tech companies often get higher valuation multiples. Second, a spin-off or IPO would likely bring in a significant chunk of cash either for Exo itself to grow or for the parent company HCI. And third, it creates strategic clarity. You'd have the insurance business and you'd have the tech business clearly separate that might appeal to different types of investors and make each business easier to understand and value. >> Okay, that makes sense. A potentially significant move that could really change the perception and valuation of the whole group. Mhm. >> Now shifting to the people running the show management and governance. Do they have you know skin in the game? Are their interests aligned with shareholders? >> They definitely do and this is often seen as a strong positive by investors. HCI has substantial insider ownership. The chairman and CEO Pares Patel beneficially owns about 14.4% of the company's stock. >> 14.4% is a lot for a CEO. >> It is. And the executive officers and directors as a group own nearly 22%. That's a significant chunk showing strong alignment. Their fortunes are very much tied to the company's success. >> That certainly suggests a long-term focus. >> Absolutely. And adding to that, the CEO has publicly stated he's never sold any of his shares since the company started. That reinforces a commitment to building long-term value, not just hitting short-term targets. Plus, the board and management team have deep experience insurance, tech, real estate, and many have been with HCI for a long time, providing that stability and knowhow. Okay, one more piece on the company structure. Financial strength ratings. This seems like a point of difference for HCI. They use Demotech, not AM Best, which most people think of as the gold standard. What's the story there? >> Yeah, this is a really important strategic choice common among Florida specialists. HCI's insurance companies HCPCI and TipTap have an A exceptional financial stability rating from Demotech, Inc. >> And that Demotech rating is crucial for >> it's crucial because mortgage lenders in Florida accept it. If your insured doesn't have a rating accepted by Fanny May and Freddy Mack, homeowners basically can't get mortgages on the properties insured by that company. So having that demotech A is essential just to operate in the state. >> Okay, so it meets the minimum requirement. But AM Best is generally seen as tougher, more prestigious, especially by national players. Why not go for an AM Best rating? What's the strategic reason? >> It's a calculated decision. AMBS typically imposes more stringent capital requirements. They generally want insurers to hold more capital relative to the risks they take on. >> More capital means less risk but maybe lower returns. >> Exactly. By not pursuing an AM best rating, HCI can operate with a more flexible capital structure. They might hold less capital than AMBS would require for a similar rating level. And holding less capital, all else being equal, can lead to a higher return on equity, especially during profitable times like now, because you're generating profits on a smaller capital base. >> So, it's a trade-off. Optimized for capital efficiency and potentially higher returns, but maybe you're perceived as having a slightly lower quality rating than the Amst. >> That's a fair way to put it. It creates what analysts sometimes call a quality gap compared to the big national carriers rated by AM Best. And the risk is if there's a really massive catastrophe, something that shakes confidence in the Florida market or stresses multiple demotech rated companies, >> you could see a flight to quality. Consumers, agents, maybe even lenders might suddenly prefer insurers with that top tier AM best rating. In that scenario, HCI could face a competitive disadvantage even with its A from Demotech. It's a strategic choice balancing capital efficiency against perceived financial strength. >> That's a really interesting nuance. Highlights the strategic calculation involved in running an insurance company in such a unique market. Okay, let's dive into the numbers now. The financial performance. We've talked about this incredible turnaround, but let's see it in the data. It really is a tale of two distinct periods, isn't it? Before the reforms and after. >> Absolutely. The financials starkly show the impact of that external Florida market environment on HCI's bottom line. Let's start with the struggle. The pre-reform years, say 2018 through 2022. This period was just marked by steadily worsening profitability. The company was fighting against that tide of litigation abuse we talked about. >> How bad did it get for HCI specifically? What do the key metrics show? >> It got pretty rough. Their combined ratio, that key profitability measure, lower is better, under 100 means profit, it just kept climbing. It hit an unprofitable 122.5% in 2022. So for every dollar they took in as premium, they were paying out over $122 in claims and expenses. >> Exactly. Bleeding money on the core insurance operation. And that resulted in a net loss for the year of $54.6 million. That works out to a loss of $6.24 per share. >> Those are serious losses. And looking at the data table we have, gross premiums written actually peaked then at $775 million in 2022. But the loss ratio, just the claims part soared over 80%. Yeah, writing more business just meant losing more money faster in that environment. >> And return on equity created to negative 24.4%. Book value per share, which measures the company's net worth per share, dropped sharply from nearly $32 in 2021 down to just $18.75 in 2022. That really paints a picture of a company under severe financial strain. >> It absolutely does. A very tough period. But then the reforms hit and the turnaround financially was immediate. and frankly profound. In 2023, just one year later, the combined ratio improved by more than 35 points. >> 35 points down to what? >> Down to a very profitable 87.3%. And that huge swing drove net income to $89.3 million. A complete reversal from that $54 million loss the year before. >> That is an incredible one-year swing. She was the immediate power of those reforms. Did that momentum continue into 2024? >> It absolutely did. And this is maybe even more impressive. In 2024, remember, Florida got hit by three hurricanes that made landfall. Debbie, Helen, and Milton. >> Right. A busy season. >> Even with those storm losses, HCI still managed to improve its combined ratio further down to 83.1%. And that income grew again to $127.6 million. >> So profitable. Even with three hurricanes hitting their main market. That really speaks volumes about the changed environment, doesn't it? The underlying business must be much stronger. >> Exactly. It demonstrates that the legislative fixes created a more resilient model, one that could absorb typical catastrophe losses and still generate significant profit thanks to that better claims environment and the higher premium levels. >> Looking at the 2024 numbers again, gross premiums written jumped way up to nearly $1.2 billion. The loss ratio improved dramatically to 55%. Expense ratio also came down. Eluted EPS hit $8.89. Book value recovered strongly to $4341 and that return on equity went from deeply negative to a very impressive positive 32.5%. Just a remarkable recovery across the board. >> Yeah, a return to really robust financial health. >> And this momentum just kept building into 2025. I understand it sounds like the first half of this year was even better. >> That's right. With no major hurricanes hitting Florida in the first 6 months of 2025, the underlying profitability really shown through. In Q1, net income was $57 million and the combined ratio was an excellent 66.9%. >> Under 70% is fantastic. >> It really is. And then Q2 was even better. Net income of 66.2 million and the combined ratio improved further to an astonishingly low 62.0%. Their gross loss ratio for that quarter was just 21.3%. >> 21% loss ratio. That's incredibly low. It screams claims frequency way down. It's a direct reflection of those reforms working, reducing the non-catastrophe claims noise significantly. And as you'd expect, this accelerating profit is having a huge impact on their equity base. >> How so? >> Well, book value per share jumped from $4341 at the end of 2024 to $5855 by the end of Q2 2025. >> Over $15 increase in just 6 months. >> Yep. Over 34% growth in book value in half a year. That shows rapid value creation and the company getting financially much stronger very quickly. >> That's incredibly fast growth in shareholder equity. So with all this cash flow and profit rolling in, how has management been handling it? What have they done with capital management? >> They've been pretty active and strategic. A big move in 2025 was redeeming all their remaining convertible senior notes. >> Getting rid of debt. >> Exactly. That significantly deleveraged the balance sheet. Their debt to capital ratio dropped below 10% and it cut their quarterly interest payments by more than twothirds. So cleaning up the balance sheet, reducing risk. >> That makes sense. Strengthen the company while times are good. What about their cash position? Their liquidity >> also looking strong. At the end of Q2 2025, the holding company had over $250 million in liquidity. that gives them a really solid cushion and lots of flexibility for future opportunities or unexpected hits. >> And despite focusing on strengthening the balance sheet, they still managed to return capital to shareholders. That's often a tricky balance. >> They have, which points to a disciplined approach. HCI has a long track record here. They've paid a dividend for 46 straight quarters. That's consistency. >> 11 and a half years of dividends. >> Yeah. Since they started, they've returned over $430 million to shareholders through dividends and also share buybacks. and they're still paying $1.40 quarterly dividend per share. So, they're rewarding shareholders while also building that financial foundation. >> Okay, we've seen the impressive turnaround, the strong financials. Now, we have to look at the other side, the risks, because even with all this good news, Florida insurance is inherently risky. What's the biggest most obvious risk for HCI? >> Yeah, you can't ignore the risks. And the biggest one hands down is catastrophe risk combined with their geographic concentration. all their eggs in the Florida basket. Basically, >> pretty much their business is almost entirely in Florida, a state that just gets hit by hurricanes repeatedly. A single massive storm, a hurricane Andrew or Irma type event, or even just a string of smaller but damaging storms hitting populated areas in one season that could potentially blow through their reinsurance protection. >> You see the limits. >> Exactly. And if that happens, it could severely damage their capital base, their earnings, maybe even their solveny. It's the fundamental risk they live with every day. >> And even with sophisticated computer models for hurricanes, those models aren't perfect, right? Nature can always throw a curveball. >> Precisely. Models are not infallible. They buy reinsurance based on their modeled probable maximum loss or PML for say a one in a 100redyear storm. But storms can be stronger, take unexpected paths, stall over cities. Losses can always exceed what the models predicted. So that outsized catastrophe event is always the elephant in the room. What about that regulatory and political risk we touched on earlier? The tension between profits and premiums. >> That risk is very real and probably growing. Florida insurance is always under a political microscope. And that current situation insurers making record profits while homeowners are slammed with those huge premium increases. That's politically explosive. >> Yeah. Not a good look. >> Not at all. So the risk is that politicians feel pressured to do something about affordability. That could mean rate caps, mandated rate rollbacks, maybe other regulations that squeeze insurer profitability. It could potentially unwind some of the benefits they just gained from the reforms. It's a constant sort of damocles hanging over the market. >> A delicate balance indeed. What about competition? We know new players are coming in attracted by the profits. How big a threat is that? >> It's a significant threat to the level of profitability. Those supernormal profits HCI and others are enjoying now are acting like a beacon, drawing in new capital and new competitors. >> That influx of competition will inevitably over time lead to increased price pressure. More companies fighting for the same policies usually means rates start to come down or at least stop going up so fast. So a key risk for HCI is whether they can maintain their market share and more importantly their underwriting discipline. When the market gets more crowded and competitive, can they avoid chasing bad business just to keep growing? >> That's always the challenge in a softening market. And reinsurance, you said it's favorable now, but it's cyclical. So that risk hasn't gone away entirely. >> Not at all. HCI relies heavily on reinsurance. While the market is buyer friendly now, it can turn on a dime. a couple of really bad hurricane seasons globally or a massive earthquake somewhere that could cause reinsurers to pull back capital and hike prices again just like they did in 2023. >> Back to a hard market. >> Exactly. And that would directly squeeze HCI's margins by increasing their biggest cost. They do try to manage the counterparty risk, the risk a reinsurer won't be able to pay by spreading their coverage across many different highly rated reinsurers. But the overall market pricing risk is always there. >> Okay. What about execution risk? They're doing a lot. Taking policies from citizens, banking on their tech, planning this exo separation. >> Yeah, there's definitely execution risk. Their strategy depends on doing several complex things. Well, they need to successfully underwrite and integrate all those policies coming from citizens, making sure they didn't accidentally pick up a lot of bad risks. Their proprietary tech needs to keep delivering those efficiency and underwriting advantages. and that potential separation of exo needs to be handled smoothly and effectively to actually unlock value. If they stumble badly in any of those areas, it could hurt their growth and profits. >> And lastly, just the standard risk for any insurer, their investment portfolio, >> right? That's always a factor. Insurers hold huge portfolios of bonds and stocks. If interest rates spike, the value of their existing bonds goes down. If the stock market tanks, their equity holdings lose value. These aren't specific to Florida, but they impact the overall financial health and capital position. >> Okay, so a pretty comprehensive list of things to keep an eye on balancing out the positive story. So let's try to bring this all together now with valuation. We have this compelling story, the turnaround, the tech, the risks. How's the market actually pricing HCI stock right now? What does the valuation tell us? >> Well, it's interesting. HCI's valuation really looks like a company in transition. the stock price and its valuation multiples like price to earnings or price to book, they've definitely recovered from the depressed levels we saw back in the 2022 crisis, right? But they still seem to reflect a pretty significant discount for the risks inherent in the Florida market, especially when you compare HCI to say specialty insurers operating in less risky, more diverse markets. So the big question for investors is whether the market will eventually give HCI more credit for its improved earnings power or if that Florida discount is just permanent. Okay, let's look at the peer comparison data. HCI's market cap is around $2.36 billion. Its trailing PE is 14.3. Forward PE is a low 6.1 and price to book is 2.8. How does that compare to its direct Florida neighbors like Universal UVE and Heritage HRTG? >> Okay, compared to those direct Florida peers, HCI's trailing PE of 14.3 is actually higher. UV is around 11.7, HRTG around 7.1. But look at the forward PE based on expected earnings. HCI's 6.1 is similar to Heritage's 6.1 and quite a bit lower than Universal's 8.7. >> What does that suggest? >> It suggests analysts are forecasting really strong near-term earnings growth for HCI, potentially stronger than for Universal. Now look at price to book. HCI's 2.8 is noticeably higher than UV's 1.6 and HRTG's 2.0. >> Why the higher price to book multiple for HCI? >> It likely reflects a few things. HCI's recent profitability and return on equity have been superior. The market might also be giving them some credit for that potential value unlock from spinning off Exo. Maybe a perception of better management execution too. >> So relative to its immediate Florida peers, HCI looks pretty well valued, maybe even richly valued on some metrics like price to book. But then you compare it to a highquality specialty insurer outside Florida like Kinsale Capital, KNSL, >> and the picture changes completely. It's like night and day. >> Kinsale has a market cap over $10 billion. What are its multiples like? >> Kinsale trades at a PE around 25 and a price to book of almost six. >> Wow. So HCI, UVE, Heritage, all the Florida guys are trading at a massive discount to Kinsale across the board. >> Huge discount. And that's the crux of it. >> So why why does the market value Kinsale so much more highly than even the best performing Florida insurer right now? >> It boils down to perceived risk and earnings quality. The market sees Florida homeowners insurance as inherently much riskier and more volatile than Kinsale's business. Kinsale operates in niche specialty insurance lines excess and surplus across many states. They're diversified, >> not concentrated in one hurricane prone state. >> Exactly. Their business isn't as exposed to single huge catastrophe events, and it's generally less subject to the intense political and regulatory pressures you see in Florida. The market pays a big premium for that perceived stability, diversification, and lower catastrophe risk. >> That makes total sense. It's the diversification and lower cat risk premium. What about HCI's valuation historically? Is 2.8 times book value high or low for them? >> Well, their valuation has swung wildly over the years with their profits. PE isn't great for comparison because they had losses, but price to book gives a better picture. The current 2.8x is way up from the crisis low around 2.0x in 2022. It's also above their 10-year average. >> But is it near previous peaks? >> Not quite. It's still below the levels it reached during prior profitable cycles when optimism was maybe higher. So significant recovery, but maybe not peak valuation yet. >> Okay. So what would it take for HCI's valuation multiple to expand further to maybe close some of that gap with the kin sales of the world or at least get back to its own prior peaks? What are the key drivers? It all comes down to the market believing the earnings are sustainable. That's the magic word, >> sustainability. >> If HCI can keep putting up strong underwriting results, high ROE, not just when the weather is calm, but crucially through a major hurricane season, and while fighting off new competition, that investors might start to believe that this post-reform profitability is more durable, less volatile than before. >> So, proving it's not just a temporary windfall. >> Exactly. And of course, a successful value enhancing separation of Exio would be a huge catalyst. If the market suddenly sees a valuable tech company sitting there separately, that could absolutely drive a rerating of the whole HCI structure. It's all about building investor confidence in the long-term story in a market known for booms and busts. >> Okay, let's pull all these threads together. We've covered a lot of ground. What's the bottom line for you, our listener, as we synthesize the bull case and the bare case for HCI Group? Well, connecting it all, HCI is clearly a prime example of a company riding a powerful positive wave in its core market. Those legislative reforms were a gamecher for Florida insurers, and HCI has capitalized incredibly well. They've turned strong premium growth into really exceptional underwriting profits. >> Yeah, managed their capital well, too, it sounds like. >> Yes, management deserves credit there. Strengthening the balance sheet, paying down debt while still rewarding shareholders. That's a solid foundation. That's the bullcase really. Reformed market, strong execution, smart capital management. >> Okay, that's the bullcase. But the central question, the elephant in the room has to be sustainability, right? Is this amazing profitability the new normal or just a peak? >> That is absolutely the core debate. And the honest assessment suggests that while the reforms definitely created a much healthier baseline, the kind of profitability we saw in 2024 and early 2025, that's likely a cyclical peak, it probably won't stay that good forever. >> So the key going forward is >> the key is whether HCI's own strengths, particularly its technology, can help it maintain strong underwriting discipline even as competition heats up and inevitably pushes prices down marketwide. Can they build a truly durable competitive advantage or were they just benefiting most from the initial post-reform gold rush? >> So, it's about their internal moat versus the external tide turning again. How have they handled the other big risks like storms and reinsurance? >> Well, so far so good really. They navigated the recent hurricanes effectively from a financial standpoint. They secured their latest reinsurance program in a better market. They've cut their debt way down. These are all positive steps in managing risk. But >> there's always a bud in Florida insurance. The primary unmititigated risk is still that massive hurricane, the one that swamps the models and the reinsurance. That unpredictable natural disaster risk never goes away. >> And the regulatory risk, that affordability tension still lurking. >> You're lurking absolutely. Near-term things like stable regulators probably want the reforms to settle, but medium to long-term, that tension between highinsure profits and painful homeowner premiums is a political wild card. It could definitely lead to unfavorable rule changes down the line if affordability stays a major issue. >> Okay, so wrapping it up, the whole discussion around HCI really boils down to the duration of this favorable period. How long can these good times last? And are HCI's internal strengths, their tech, their management, their capital strategy strong enough to build a lasting advantage that can ride out the inevitable return of tougher competition and market cycles? It's a really finely balanced picture. >> Exactly. What could drive the valuation higher? Continued strong underwriting, especially through a tough storm season. A successful Exo spin-off that unlocks value. Proof they can defend market share profitably. What could drive it lower? A huge hurricane loss, faster than expected price competition or negative regulatory changes. It's definitely a dynamic situation investors need to watch closely. >> Wow, what a deep dive that was. From an industry on the brink of collapse to record profits, all seen through the story of HCI Group, we've really seen the power of specific laws to reshape a market, the hidden influence of global reinsurance cycles, and how one company uses tech and strategy to navigate such a volatile place. >> It really underscores how policy, economics, and business strategy are all deeply intertwined. You can't understand one without the others, especially in a market like Florida. >> So, for you, our listener, thinking about the key takeaways, remember just how potent legislative change can be. Remember the cycles, both local market cycles and those global reinsurance waves. Think about how unique company assets like tech and experienced leaders who have skin in the game can make a real difference. >> And crucially, never forget the risks that persist. That geographic concentration, the affordability tension, and the everpresent threat of that next big storm. They're always part of the Florida insurance equation. >> Absolutely. So, as you mull over all these complex dynamics, here's a final thought, something to chew on. Given how cyclical we know the Florida market and the global reinsurance business are, how do you really tell the difference between a temporary peak in profits, like maybe what we're seeing now, and a truly fundamental lasting shift in how the industry works? What evidence would you need to see to be convinced that this current stability is built to last and not just the quiet before the inevitable next storm? It's a tough question, but central to understanding any market prone to booms and busts.

- HAULING OUT our 35 year old boat for the FIRST TIME: Kind: captions Language: en oh yes still tired [Music] uh [Applause] we're becca and zach a couple who recently after years of dreaming bought ourselves a beautiful 40-foot colvette victor sailboat life is short and the world is wide and there are so many lessons to be learnt people met adventures had and nautical miles to be sailed and this is our way of sharing it's all with you welcome to the daily bloody doing it we have owned haley for 104 days at this point and only seen 50 percent of that well if you can count zach having a peak under the water that could be bumped up to 75 but still it was time to see the rest and that meant getting pulled out for the first time this is by far the second most exciting day since buying daily i've just been like a little kid at christmas like everything's so cool the crane's so cool i was being out the water i was being high up i was about to start work some people would be like oh this time of year has come again but no it's very exciting didn't expect to i don't know we're obviously so high out the water we look over and we're like whoa just as well we aren't scared of heights eh it's literally the hottest air of the year so far as well we're already sweating and it's like 9 a.m so i'm gonna lather up in sun cream get in the shade drink lots of water and crack on with work it's work time first job on the list was finishing cleaning and going around and checking for electrolysis corrosion dings soft spots and surprises we did a lot of this when it was fresh out of the water but it was good to monitor how quickly areas of the boat dried as areas that dried slower would tend to have osmosis how's it looking good i think i'm really good this is gel coat yeah so that's gone through quite so we need to remember to put double quotes around here no nasty surprises anyway happy yeah these have been attacked you can see if you were thinking hey those bolts shouldn't have been attacked if all your anodes were sacrificing themselves correctly you would definitely correct keep watching until later in the vid when we discovered just why this has happened boat's out the water we have gone round it and looked at every single bit there's absolutely zero osmosis which is amazing apparently colbert's not really known for anyway but our friend martin is here and he's just had a look around it with us zach's at the moment gone to meet this guy called peter who apparently knows a lot of stuff and has a lot of tools so martin's introducing zach to peter now i'm about to just write down everything that martin said um i've already got a list for hall out very very long but i'm gonna just write down what he said because the little dings he told us exactly how to do it and also about like the anodes and a few other things so i'm gonna write all that down before i forget oh there she goes lovely that's been eaten alive three anodes oh no it's four islands oh there's 45 and 46. nice perfect zach oh i know it's more or less expensive than you thought there'd be well unlike i uh they're not too far off what i thought they'd be i think becca had other ideas about the price of um metal metal i just thought it's like a little bit of i don't know they're really heavy to be fair i didn't expect them to be as expensive one of the anno's we got um was about 50 quid just for a bit of metal i know metal is expensive and i know it needed but i'm surprised i'm just surprised so yeah that's that's the price of an anode for you wondering out there i need something for that one more what your eyes you just take them off there's so much it locks about five sizes too big for me you literally look feral why you're google mine oh gosh yeah i know i think used to be something yeah and how did we first you can hear something okay oh really quick yeah crackling it it sounds like it's something's drying out and it's like pulling air into it yeah there's something but it looks like filler it doesn't look like epoxy yeah that's not good is it what the heck i don't know what that is we need to get it out and we need to go for the job on that i don't know what it was that is where it's coming from isn't it yeah 100 but it was it was painted over twice with blue and well we need to epoxy that instead don't we really yeah there's something solid it didn't go deep no boat is clean sanded tape is on and primers on all the spots that are showing the gel coat we did just find a unexpected little pack but we're letting that dry out zach is looks like he's been up a chimney turn around so i think it's time for a shower and a night what's the time it's like 7 30. yeah we've been going for about 12 hours really so yeah ready to have some food and get clean it is now day two of the hall out and been chatting quite a lot about look at this position i love it we've been chatting quite a lot about what we want to achieve today we've got a few different weather forecasts saying different things one says rain at one and most of them say rain like five or six so hopefully fingers crossed touch wood one was it we've got the whole day to work on her so yesterday just before we're about to leave we found a little soft spot so we're gonna go around with the hammer and just tap the whole boat to make sure there's no soft spots the little soft spot what's it doing still it's still like like a ticking noise it's weird we know what it was filled with now yeah it was filled with car filler so apparently we spoke to a friend yeah we it was like a soft party wasn't it and apparently in the 90s they used to do that on boats if they had holes in them they used to just fill them with car filler which i guess it worked from the 90s to now yeah we're fairly sure that's what it was but it was just it was could have soft like 25 30 years old would you be very easy to go over even if you were hating of a hammer unless like because i poked a bit of a screwdriver and i was like why is that like soft yeah because it wasn't it wasn't like spongy with water because it was holding it against it yeah and we wouldn't have known unless we'd gone round and tapped actually no we wouldn't have known unless we'd heard the sound yeah no because we heard the little like ticking sound and we were like where is it coming from so we had our eyes shut and we were going around with our ear and we located it and then we started tapping and it was soft when we came back obviously when i dremeled this all out it was all kind of covered in dust and you couldn't really see anything so i've just got a wire brush just to kind of take out the dust that was in there and i thought there would be but there's some little holes in there you can kind of see them poking through the dust but i can see them clearly but there's several holes and it looks like there is a little bit of water coming out of it see it yeah that makes perfect sense there's a tie but coming out of that one right now so what we need to do is take it back to before that hole basically yeah [Laughter] i'm just seeing where this little air bubble ticky stuff is coming from so i know it's just below the seacock for the kitchen sink which is that one in there it's this oh that's the putty stuff oh weird you don't think that's our depth thing at the moment no because it has to be open to the water but we don't have a depth where is the depth thing that must be it that must be it why have you never noticed that ticking sound before because we were out of the water well maybe it was from that when it was the instrument's off that's ticking there's no air bubbles oh really stop ticking now yeah oh well we probably didn't need to unfill that then did we that's fine we learned something every day yeah we do okay cool well we've learned that now and now we've got to figure out how to fill the hole in our boat the echo sounder can you look for the instruction manual i don't think we've got one no you've not seen one no okay well the good news is we don't have a random hole full of water in our boat actually there's no bad news to be fair we just figured out that the thing we were poking and prodding last night uh wasn't actually a car fellow well it could have been car filler still i guess um but it was actually our depth sounder which makes perfect sense it's the ticking sound but it's something that you would just never think of unless you dug it out and found it out if that makes sense i don't know maybe watching this video you'll be like oh that was so obvious but when you're going along on these projects if you hit your boat and there's a soft spot and you're like oh no it sometimes takes owning a boat and knowing that that's there to think of the bigger picture but now we know and i don't regret digging it out by any means so now we're just looking into how best to fill it and whether epoxy will be too thick a substance to fill it with basically we don't want to do anything that will stop the sound and stop the accurate depth gauge we live and we learn eh the good news is i found an anode i'm really out of breath because i had to pull up a piece of floor and it just really didn't want to come out it didn't have any screws in it had screwed holes but no screws um but the trim had been this trim here well this one actually had been built over it which is so stupid so i had to like crawl in slide it out and then pry it out and i used a fork but luckily i found the anode finally so here is the anode so i'll show you where that wire goes actually all the fenders that black wire is here so this is the end of the anode so essentially if i trim that back we want that go into the engine if i put that back to the engine that should create a circuit between the anode and the engine rather than the prop and the c does that make sense it's kind of a complicated thing and i'm like 95 understanding it but it's just an odd concept if you've a never done electrics and b don't know much about the seeing currents of how things are charged and how they will attack other things if they don't get their little like metal to feast on um and this explains so much i don't know if we got it on film yesterday but when martin he was like a great electrical engineer when he was on board and looking at the anodes what he could see was the anode the big anode the macduff anode that had been attacked but just from being in the sea let's say it hadn't done its job it's slightly done its job but not really it was just kind of there and taking praise for something it hadn't actually done the prop one had also done its job but not how it was intended so it just stopped things from attacking the prop which was great it wasn't actually connected to anything um so we're kind of lucky at this point that the prop didn't get attacked previous guy didn't use the boat too much so i think that's why the prop didn't take a beating but the bolts did take a beating not too bad actually which is great but they would have taken more of a beating had we not discovered this now so the anodes were great that's why they haven't been attacked too much but they could have been better they could be attached to something which is their true purpose um but there we go we've found it now and luckily um we're just preventing issues in the future not fixing issues that have been created because of this luckily we caught it just in time need to fix that and then we're then we're good the thing is people might have thought it was the anode was doing its job so someone might have swapped it out every year and been like yeah this anode is eroding it's doing its job but it's only until you really know the true purpose of an anode and know what it really can do what it's capable of if that makes sense when it's connected properly that you know that that wire down there should go back to something so it could have been like that always really yeah it's good to know that it's actually gonna be connected now yeah that was a horrible floorboard to pick up though i guess you don't really usually need to get to that i'm gonna keep a log of all the things we find as well this is still leaking water so it's down here let's suit up we're not gonna get as dirty as we did yesterday i think it might be raining you think it's just dripping up down and along i don't know i'm gonna have to dremel that back though a little bit i think yeah so i can push water it's coming out way more now we've opened it up which is good a really good thing we're just talking a pool about what we should do with our other leaking a little bit of water here so i've dremeled a lot of this back and he said just along the bit where it is leaking just drill a hole to let the water out and then fill it after that once it's all dry yeah fill it with like a syringe so you managed to like stuff all the epoxy in that's what we're gonna do right now i can't really think of where else it would come in though because all these are like very superficial it doesn't seem like there's oh unless it came in from up here after some research we actually found it was really common for rudders to have water in them it seems to be that water seeps in where the bolts are but unless we wanted to take our rudder fully off and vacuum all the water out which is a pretty huge job drying it out as best as possible and putting some resin in the drain hole would do for now all right i should just keep prepping then it's a bit in there isn't it you'd hope it was to be fair yeah i think just gently does it so it doesn't oh hello oh my gosh oh my gosh there's so much water in there no wonder wow i'm glad we took it out yeah oh my god yeah yeah wow the actual bolt is stainless steel so that oh my gosh that's actually pretty good apart from that very end bit i think i'll be right to put back in as long as we seek effects over the end yeah but now we've got to really dry that out yeah it's fine what have you found i found a load of rudder bolts which would be perfect for our rudder what did you spend ages doing finding these these aren't quite as good because the threads don't line up but these are the actual like bang on same ones yeah i don't know why it's so many spares of them what do they say on the label rudder shoe fittings check for corrosion went out of water yeah that's because your anode wasn't working mate nine and a half with oh we've got the exact size and everything of them now but those must be old ones i don't know where they pulled those from oh yeah because they're tiny zach was looking for the rudder bolts in a big bin in marine bazaar for a good how long were you looking for those in there a while yeah he pulled up a little stall and i was looking through all the thingies and we found we found these ones which we actually didn't end up using because we just decided to put the shame on back in but if we had known that we could have put a new one in it's like a perfect i mean these are all pretty perfect but that one is like brand brand new oh well we know for next year yeah we've got three yeah three perfect ones and i don't know where he got these from funny we just found that you blast it with water and then i think put the hairdryer on it just for like few minutes are you ready yep blast it yeah it's good the guy who owns that boat just there we were just chatting to him he's gone now he's selling the boat actually it's going tomorrow but he said just fill the hole with a little bit of blue towel and then let it trail down and what will happen is it will suck all the water out and it'll drip down so it's a really good way to do it but what i think we're gonna do is actually we're gonna we're gonna pour a little bit of acetone into a pot suck it up with a syringe and then pump some acetone in blow the acetone out and what we'll do is absorb water and clean it at the same time and then we'll just let it dry paul said if there's more than a pint of class that comes out it's probably a lot more of the rudder so this is the engine intake for the water okay that's not and i'm just gonna oh gosh i'm gonna go in and just wiggle it to get any calcium and any sea life off basically yeah i need a thin one yeah yeah i've just undone this which is a water intake for the engine so that comes out and then in here there's a strainer which we have never emptied which we've never emptied and down there i could see like that just pulled up the strainer it smells like a stagnant beach there's not too much gunk or rubbish in it i think becca's just found a muscle yeah tiny tiny muscle that's hard to get out yes because just found a little muscle or something in there so yeah it's good we're getting all that kind of stuff out now because it's best time to do it and i'm just gonna go and check this stuffing box and make sure that there's no corrosion or any of the bolts on it in the engine room and the thing that i'm gonna be looking at is is that bolt in that one there there's a bit of like calcium buildup on at the moment i'm just going to take that back and if there's any significant corrosion behind it so this is how this epoxy repair is okay i'm really happy with that this one looking really good it's just i need to add a bit more to the center this is all smooth too i just need to add a bit more in there wait for that to dry and stand back once more happy days though it's super windy but this rudder repair it's just still dripping and it seems like it's dripping the same amount as it was yesterday i think i'm gonna take it back further dry it out properly and then just build it back up with epoxy i think that's just the best thing to do so you can see so there's some clearance funnily enough we had sat wonky through the weekend so a quick reshuffle was in order to ensure we didn't feel like we're falling overboard the entire time just climbed up onto the boat and we were thinking before should we fill up our water tanks so we're not listing nah it'll be fine and we've got a whole tank of fuel and the boats sat like this so being up here it's pretty pretty jarring um but it's great fun look at this we have just been straightened now we can relax knowing we are flat lovely thanks for watching join us next week and find out what unexpected metal corrosion we found hint in really important places oh and haley gets a bit of a makeover but you're going to have to wait till next monday to see that you

  Top Comments:
  1. @Tscaperock [7 likes]: Great job 👏. You are both about to enjoy the fruits of your labor. Happy journeys!
  2. @TheStephanPeters [2 likes]: Really impressed with your hard work and how great Teulu looked when you'd finished.
  3. @rboston33 [1 likes]: Knowing all there is to know about boats comes with experience. Your's is comoing along nicely.
  4. @OoiBeng-o5z: Beckham Zack the best
  5. @PB-sk9jn: I really wonder if you guys did this level of careful checking on a brand new fibreglass boat... would you find flaws?
Possibly!
Good job.
  6. @seriouslee4119: Okay so the girl is smoking hot and the boy has great nipples. Got it.

(Nohomo, of course)
  7. @jefffletcher8209: 😅😅😅😅😅
  8. @SimonHowardMarshall: Cool video. I can remember taking my old yacht (Valiant Lady) out the water. Found loads of Mussels about a shopping bag full so took them round the near by fish restaurants and sold them for the best offer. Got a price for them as well.
  9. @lonestarcj8132: "That wire down there should go back to something".
  10. @lonestarcj8132: The projects are a process.
  11. @stevecrombie5357: If you learn a new word you start seeing it all over and maybe wonder why you hadn't seen it before. You heard a noise coming from a soft spot in the hull and when you looked you saw something that had been there all along. We don't know what we don't know.🤔😂
  12. @jacana25: What a great demonstration of why dry sanding of antifoul is not a good idea. I did that too once too...only once. Then someone suggested wet sanding with drywall sanding mesh. It is quicker, easier and far less messy.
  13. @Anglosaxon8954: Another check for £38000 from daddy 😂
  14. @peterbeyer5755: If you have a floor board that’s difficult to lift up you can spray WD 40 on the areas where you think it’s jammed and try and move it, if it still doesn’t move put a screw into the board and lever it up from the screw, fill the screw hole later with some epoxy.
  15. @geoffbox4455: The anodes work by corroding more easily than the other metals in the water. When any metal (including the anode) corrodes it emits electrons (like electrical current). As the anode corrodes first it "fills up" the other metals with electrons (if they are connected or wired to it). When a metal is "full" of electrons it can't produce any themselves so therefore can't corrode. Metals can only corrode if they are allowed to emit electrons.
Loving the videos. Well done!
  16. @brownnoise357: Anodes got a galvanic isolator? Galvanic transformers (about 600 quid by Victron) are supposed to ve much better. Now something Cheap very cheap in Comparison, which "May" help to extend Expensive Anode Life, potentially Considerably (to think about for Next Haulout), I came across on a couple of Forums where people were talking about what to use for antifouling propellers - Cold Galvanising Zinc Paint. You can get it in Aerosols and tins for brush and roller on, and users of it have had no problems for in excess of 10 years. 96% zinc content in a silicon medium that doesn't even need stirring, 1kg tins in UK, costs about 24 quid Inc VAT. You can Get Marine Zinc Paint from Chandlers but it is about 4 times the price for identical Paint. Aerosols have less Zinc in them, and cost about 10 quid inc VAT 6 dollars ish USA.  3Coats protects for up to 18 months, and it is non Toxic, plus is an Anode (wearing away the surface electrically may be how it works as Antifoul ?  Well I haven't had a chance to try this yet myself due to no boat presently. What I plan to do, as my next boat will have a bolted on  iron Keel , is 2 coats of Epoxy Barrier  Coat then 5 coats of Cold Galvanising Zinc Paint, then 2 coats of rolled on 96% topped with 1 coat of aerosol on the Prop, and 3 coats of 96% on the Fudder. That will be a heck of a lot of Anode Protection all around the Boat, and as I'll be hauling out annually for thorough inspection, Full Service etc, I'll be able to see how the Cold Galvanising is coping, plus see what state the Anodes are in. to refresh the Paint if needed, just pressure wash, give a good scrub and slap more Cold Gal arising on. If your anchor Galvanising looks a bit thin, slap some on that as well. It may be a long wait for an update, but I'll try to remember to give one, with  lose up photos of the paint plus Anode surfaces. Did you get a PVC or Hypalon Dinghy by the way ? If PVC something to extend its life would be a full di ghy cover, lots cheaper than Chaos, and for tubes etc when the cover is off due to dinghy being in the Sun being used ? Try a Spray and wipe Iver with sensitive Skin High Factor Sun Blocker. The Ambre Solaire Factor 50 was 5 quid from Tesco, and this summer Test pieces of PVC showed no degradation. Non Sensitive Skin Protection from UV may be as good, but cost the same so I started with that. There is a new PVC that is much more resistant to UV that Seago use on their PVC inflatables, but as they arevthe same weight as their 3 metre Hypalon  air deck and air keel, I think I'll go for that and wait on more Info on how good the new PVC ones are doing. May pick up a 2.4 mtr  backup one to keep in the foredeck locker with a small 3.3 hp lightweight tohatsu 2 stroke outboard just in case, as I've a couple in the garage, one with a Mercury label on it, and they are little beaters.  Best Wishes and Fair Winds.  Bob.  👍
  17. @nigelpickering9065: Those little weeping spots you found as you scraped out the car filler could be evidence of osmosis I’m afraid. I had the same on my boat and as each little spot was found it was opened to find an acetic liquid oozing out. This was washed out with water before drying and  refilling the holes with epoxy. It wasn’t a permanent fix as to do this really needs the gel coat to be planed and a proper treatment undertaken. Expensive and time consuming. On the plus side I have not heard of a boat sinking from osmosis. 👍
  18. @SVSomeday: <3 Boat projects!
  19. @lartzam: You bought a boat without haulout and inspection?
  20. @Thistrainisnotinservice: A

- MOVING OUT FOR THE FIRST TIME 🏠 knowing you're ready, costs, what you need.. (you asked, I answered): Kind: captions Language: en [Music] i had so many panic attacks about it none of us know what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] we're doing i will link it down below because you need it i promise how i knew i had enough saved up to be able to support myself this is what i did what's up you guys it's hannah welcome back to my channel i am so excited to talk about today's topic and that is moving out i will talk about this to anybody who asks any of my friends who are in the process of moving out maybe for the first time i love talking about my experience because moving out is one of the most anxiety inducing arguably one of the scariest things i've done there's obviously a lot that goes into it emotionally physically financially today i want to give you my thoughts my opinions my advice on moving out charlie what are you doing queen right also if you're new here hi my name is hannah welcome to my channel 23 years old i graduated from college last year and then i moved to new york city in the fall of last year so i've lived here about nine months welcome let's talk about moving let's get into it i asked you guys on my instagram story for some of your biggest questions about moving so that i could try and pull out themes make sure to address like the most commonly asked topics in this video i got so many really good responses and questions so thank you to everyone who sent one in if you are interested in like providing your feedback or taking part in things like this in the future my instagram will be right here you can go follow so i went through a good bit of the responses and they really boiled down into two main categories which are the mental and emotional side to it feelings about moving out how you know it's time to move out feeling uneasy anxious all of that kind of stuff homesick and then financial so how much do you save how to save how much are you realistically going to need when you're looking to move out how much things cost stuff like that this is not going to be a comprehensive view of everything that you probably need to know hopefully it's a good starting point and it gives you some insight and then just for fun no one really asked for this but i wanted to talk about some of the best things that i bought for my apartment i compiled a list of some of the most useful things that i have here that i genuinely do not think that i could live without i do have some things that i am so passionate about and i tell everyone i'm like you need this so we'll get to that at the end this is a hint to one of the items i'm going to tell you about later i wrote notes for this as i should um i don't really know how to even segway your intro into this section moving out gave me so much anxiety i struggled for months about am i ready where do i want to go how am i going to feel and i'm also very much a homebody i always have been so of course i had the thoughts of what if i miss home so much like that i feel like i'm going to die i was overthinking it like crazy since the beginning of 2021 i knew i was graduating that year and i knew that moving out was the next step that i wanted to take but i was dreading it i was terrified i had no idea what i wanted to do where i wanted to go moving out to a new place moving out of your parents house for the first time you're probably going to feel a combination of so many different emotions you can be scared you might be anxious you might feel like you're going to be homesick lonely you might have first time move out jitters i know i did and i feel like a lot of people that i know probably a majority of people that i know have move out jitters in some capacity i've talked about this a lot in past videos as well but it's essentially just you're leaving your comfort zone and your comfort zone is comfortable you like it there because it's familiar leaving that to go do something unfamiliar uncharted for you is naturally scary i always like to share this little thing that my mom says your comfort zone is a great place but nothing ever grows there that could not be more true if you are feeling any of the emotions that i just described or any emotions really all of them are valid and okay and completely normal to feel but another little quote i really like quotes if you can tell another little quote that i saw literally just like last week and it has just stuck with me and i wanted to share it is if you weren't ready you simply would not have the opportunity moment of silence for that one and let it sink in i struggled so hard knowing if i was ready to move out but then i realized i'm never going to feel completely ready there's always going to be something that my mind is putting in my way that's telling me that i'm not ready the reality is that if i was not physically ready if i wasn't in a place in my life where that is a possibility for me i would not even have the opportunity to think about doing it somebody asked a question on my little instagram story post about this they asked if it's true that moving out for the first time it's the sooner you do it the better and i understand why it may feel that way a lot of the time i feel like when we're looking at other people our age and just how they're progressing if they're graduating and then they're moving out like that's the logical next step we might feel like that's the logical next step for us as well but in reality there is no logical next step for your own life like you decide what that is you don't have to do things at the same pace as other people in fact you're probably not going to because everybody is on their own unique path they're different sets of circumstances you can't compare apples to oranges if that makes sense so it's not necessarily the sooner the better after your educational years are done it's a free-for-all for all of us obviously when you're in school it's like you go from one grade to the next to the next and then you graduate in the rest of life you just don't have that you don't have like certain times you need to be at certain places it's a free-for-all keep that in mind and also none of us know what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] we're doing and if you really think about it we are all teeny tiny little specks on a floating rock in outer space that we only know like one percent of because outer space is literally endless we're floating through an endless dark abyss of outer space that we don't even know what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is out there is it that serious let's talk about why moving out is actually a good thing and this is something that i wish i could tell my younger self to i wish i could tell hannah from last summer who was freaking the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out the whole summer worrying about moving out feeling so much anxiety and dread for it i would tell her that moving out is scary but it's something that is so rewarding once you do it and you get into the groove of it i have experienced so much personal growth in the last nine or so months i have learned how to fix so many different random house problems not just that but living on your own you spend a lot of time with yourself you get to know yourself in ways that you never have before i just feel like i am such a different person in a good way than i was a year ago and that's not to say that me a year ago was a bad person it was just i didn't have this experience and now that i do i feel like i'm better for it next i want to talk about some of the financial aspects of moving out if you are planning on renting a place or even if you're buying you'll have like a monthly mortgage so it's kind of like paying a rent but you're paying it towards ownership anyway a figure that i always have seen is that your rent should be no more than 30 of your monthly income obviously you want it to be less if possible so that should be one of your initial parameters when you are looking for places to live if you're somebody like me who works for themselves and you don't have necessarily like a set monthly income try and just make your best guess do an average and if you're between a couple numbers always choose the lower one now i got a lot of questions about how i saved up for preparing to move out how i knew i had enough saved up to be able to support myself this is what i did i made a separate savings account in the same like bank account that i already had it was free and very easy honestly for me to just open up a savings account within that account i just was able to do it online obviously it depends on your bank what the process for all of that is i think there actually is a fee at least for my account that if you don't keep a certain amount of money in it at all times you get like a like some type of account fee but i just make sure to keep it above that number so i don't have to pay anything to have this account now with the savings account this was only for rent utilities i made this account months before i even was thinking about seriously thinking about moving out i would put as much as honestly possible from each paycheck into that savings count and i did not touch it mind you while i was living at home i didn't really have many expenses so i was luckily able to put away a lot of each paycheck for rent obviously i had like my car payments and insurance and stuff that i paid for nothing as substantial as rent or a mortgage or anything whatever your circumstances are just try your best put away as much as you feasibly can for yourself for as long as you possibly can before you move out you will thank yourself in the future i promise so from when i opened the savings account to when i actually was doing my apartment hunting i managed to save up enough money to cover an entire year's worth of rent you don't have to do that um i just have insane amounts of anxiety and i was like what if my job just ends and i have no income and then i can't pay the rest my rent like i i just had a lot of anxiety so i wanted to make sure that i felt secure enough again you don't have to do that but my point is save as much as you possibly can so i want to talk about some upfront costs that you're going to be paying when you are in the move out process your apartment hunting your touring places your signing leases what are the upfront costs that you're gonna need to have literally available right when you need to move out this is expensive this is the minimum things that you should have saved before you're looking to move out because you're gonna need to hand these things over on the spot i don't know if they do this everywhere but i live in new york city and i was obviously doing my apartment hunting in new york city the first thing i needed to pay was a good faith deposit during my apartment hunting process i had my eye on this one specific apartment spoiler alert it is this one that i'm currently living in i also made a whole video on my new york city apartment hunting journey by the way side note i'll link it up in whatever corner it is and i'll put it down below too if you want to watch that after you're done watching this one so you can kind of see what i'm talking about because i show it all in there as well i really wanted this apartment and i was talking to the broker who the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] was it i was talking to the guy that was like in charge of showing the place and he told me that if i am super interested in this apartment to come to the viewing with a good faith deposit which is essentially a cashier's check from the bank for me it was the amount of first month rent so if i came to tour and it was still available and i loved it i could hand them that check and the apartment was basically at that point reserved for me they would cancel the rest of their tours that they had coming up it was essentially mine as long as my application was approved pretty much now i don't know if that is a thing everywhere since my experience renting has only been here so if you live in other places and you rent there let me know if that's a thing if you guys do the whole cashier's check good faith deposit to take it off the market thing anyway so with that deposit if my application was approved then that just went towards my first month's rent which again spoiler alert it did get approved and then if my application was not approved they would have just returned the check to me so it's not like i was just giving them a free first month's rent and then having to pay my actual first month's rent like it went towards it i paid that upfront next when my application was approved i paid the security deposit which for me was equal to again first month's rent except the security deposit doesn't go towards your rent it goes towards if you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] something up in your apartment they'll use that to pay for it and if you didn't then at the end of your release they should give it back to you and if not you should sue them but that's we're not gonna get into that i believe that i paid an application fee i don't remember if i did it was like 20 bucks i think that there was a law passed in new york city that they can't charge you more than 20 bucks for an application fee let me look that up changes the rent laws capped application fees at 20 but there is an exception for rentals in co-op and condo buildings okay i don't live in a co-op or condo building so they capped the application fees at 20 bucks which is great because why the f would it be more than that that's so dumb also you may encounter broker fees i personally did not have a broker fee on this unit it's literally a case-by-case basis in terms of the actual like application process i talked a lot more about this in my touring apartments in new york video again that'll be linked down below and like some of the documentation that you should have ready in case you need it so i'm not going to go over that right now because i already did another thing that i did want to say in terms of the application process somebody asked is your credit score like really that important and the answer to that is yes when your landlord is reviewing applicants they're going to pick somebody who has a good track record of paying back money that they owed they want to know that you're good for it basically if you're not going to pay them rent or there's any chance that they may think that you could not pay them rent they're not going to want to rent you landlords just want your money like that is the whole point that's what they're in it for as long as you give them their money then it's like you're chilling but your credit score is kind of how they can see if you're gonna pay them so you want your credit score to be as high as possible i opened my first credit card when i was 18 because my mom forced me to she told me that building credit was very important and i would thank myself later for doing it and that is correct i am glad that i opened it at 18 that's the earliest i was able to so my advice out there to anyone is if you are 18 or over and you have not started building credit yet you need to start now so that you can have good credit like length try to have multiple accounts like a credit card and then i have a car loan i had student loans for college that shows that it's more diverse and again that you're still good for paying all of it that's really the easiest way i can explain it you can google it and you'll probably find way better information but i wanted to say that credit score is very important all right so say you've now found your apartment you've paid all of those fees and you've got your move-in date set how much should you be spending on furniture how much should you have saved my answer to that is your furnishings don't need to be expensive you don't have to buy the most expensive [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] i know i didn't i thrifted a lot of things my nightstand right there i thrifted and i redid i have a video on that as well that was so much fun i thrifted my bookcase over here the desk that my stuff is sitting on right here my dad and i made together like you don't need to spend an exorbitant amount of money on furniture and decor and whatnot for your apartment if you have them near you check thrift stores check consignment stores there's so many good pieces of furniture artwork decor items that have been like pre-used pre-loved and you can get them for yourself at such affordable prices and you can also diy them that is so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] fun to me i just love an art project that's just how i am if you're like that too try it out like go to a consignment store thrift store get some furniture get some decor and revamp it so that it matches what you want another place that i know a lot of people used as a good resource to find furniture and stuff is facebook marketplace my one friend nicole literally furnished almost her whole apartment on facebook marketplace and her apartment looks fantastic most people when they're listing their stuff on facebook marketplace they're trying to get rid of it like they don't want that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it's cluttered to them so don't feel like you have to spend ridiculous amounts of money on furniture and decor you just simply don't also take things that you already own if you have a bedroom currently at your parents house or you have literally any belongings to your name use as many of those as possible in your new place if you have to again diy some things revamp some things so that it looks the way you want it to by all means go ahead but that is the cheapest thing to do is just bringing [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you already own but obviously there were some things that i did want to buy brand new and when i was shopping for my apartment i have videos doing that too i'll link those down below too i found this checklist online i will link that down below as well and it's basically a first apartment checklist type of thing and it breaks it down into sections of things that you should have before you move and then things that you can wait to buy until after you move there's a ton of stuff on there and some stuff that you might not think about it's basic stuff that you might overlook that list was really helpful for me and then the last thing i want to talk about in this category is my monthly living expenses obviously we've already talked about rent everybody's rent can include different things some don't include any utilities some include more than mine but my rent comes with heat and hot water so i don't have to pay separately for that then my utilities bill that i pay every month is my gas and electric and i pay that to one company that bill varies every month during the winter time when it was coldest outside and i didn't have to use my air conditioner obviously my monthly utility bill for gas and electric was averaging around like forty to fifty dollars you guys now that it's summertime and i am using my air conditioner i just have a window unit because i don't have central air in here because this is an old ass building my most recent gas and electric bill was so something to take into account keep in mind and then the last monthly living expense is wi-fi i think i pay 60 a month for that because i chose the second highest speed just like for video uploading and things like that it's just and i work from home so it's something that i could spend a little bit more on those three things are really what make up my bare bones what i pay every month to live in this apartment that concludes my financial advice lesson last but not least i put together a little list of some things that i can't live without my top things that i bought for or brought to my apartment these things have completely made all the difference honestly for me so we're going to be little material girls here for a second bear with me also i'm going to link as many of these things as i can down below some of them i can't link and you'll see why let's just start with the list because this first thing is something you cannot link and that is my cat my cat is the single greatest thing that i brought to this apartment and the single greatest thing that i have in this apartment she was free like i adopted her she's right there under the comforter i genuinely think that the reason i have been able to live alone without feeling immense loneliness i still feel lonely don't get me wrong but feeling the immense loneliness homesickness that i anticipated feeling is because i have her my cat's name is charlotte charlie for short she is just over one year old she's the light of my life i wake up every morning and she greets me she goes to bed with me she follows me right to my little shadow i had no idea how much i needed her and i wish i could tell her that and that she would understand how much comfort and happiness and love she has brought to me she literally is what makes me feel like i'm not alone in this apartment if you're a cat person and you think that you're you know able to and willing to take care of a cat and give it the love everything that it needs i would highly recommend adopting a cat go to a shelter go to a rescue and adopt a kitty that needs a home and give it love it will give you so much love in return especially if you're living alone and you're worried about being homesick cannot recommend it enough next on this list i bought this before i moved out but i obviously brought it with me to my apartment why the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] wouldn't i and that is my espresso machine i alluded to this at the beginning of the video when i said i make myself one of these every day listen this machine is the greatest purchase i have made in my life not exaggerating as somebody who is an avid coffee drinker i drink coffee every day i have at least one coffee a day i cannot explain to you the value that having this machine has added to my life the machine that i have is the breville barista express it's extremely pricey for a coffee machine but hear me out it's an investment in the long run it paid for itself i would have spent the amount of money that i paid for that machine on coffees out in the time that i have had this machine and made coffee at home almost every single day i prefer the coffee that i make at home to coffees from other places it's the greatest purchase i've ever made oh my god i have talked about this item a ridiculous amount for what it is and that is my vacuum it sounds so dumb when you say it's like shut the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up it's a vacuum like it's not that serious no it is that serious the vacuum that i have is the dyson v8 animal i'm pretty sure they're on like the v11 at this point i got this one off of ebay it was literally brand new in the box but it was less than it would have been if i bought it from like a store so i i got a deal on it the whole dyson animal line oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] they're cordless so you can literally take it anywhere and it has so many attachments the attachments are really that's what gets me they are so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] convenient i vacuum oh there's my cat i vacuum everything i will put the little like nozzle attachment on it i'll vacuum tables i'll vacuum the ceiling they have like an upholstery attachment the value and the amount of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that you get for what you're paying it is fantastic i vacuum all the time because it's fun to me any vacuum from that line i would highly recommend i even bought my mom the dyson v8 animal the same one as i have and i shipped it to my parents house for them as a gift because i was like you need this the vacuum they had was like 10 plus years old i'm like you need this i promise she loves it so the next thing on this is something that you might not think about but i promise you you need it and that is a tool set now i have two tool sets i have like just the standard tool set and has like screwdrivers and box cutter hammer tape measure the like standard tools and then i have another tool set that is a drill a power drill set so i have the drill i have the drill bits i highly recommend getting a power drill the reason i even bought the power drill in the first place for this apartment is because my dad works in construction and my whole life he just always is building [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and he's taught me how to build [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] too and i'm telling you especially when it comes to decorating hanging things up having a power drill is so nice it's so nice it makes everything so much easier it's one of those things that when you need it you're gonna want to have it if you need it you don't have it you're gonna be like what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] the reason i bought this next thing is because i don't have an oven in my apartment if you're not new here you probably already know that i don't have an oven because i've talked about it so many times in place of the oven i bought the ninja 10 in one xl pro air fryer oven the tenon one refers to it has ten different functions that it can do it's a convection oven it's a toaster it can roast pretty sure it can broil it can like dehydrate things it's just every function that you need pretty much you have in one machine it's big enough but it's not too big i've been here for like nine-ish months like i said it's been perfect for me and then the last thing again this is so random but i have this one specific room spray it's a room slash lemon spray i got it from etsy i it i promise i really hope they still sell it because it smells so good i love it so much every time i clean i finish off my cleaning by spraying that like over in my living room i spray it here i spray it in the bathroom sometimes like it just smells so freaking nice and especially when i have people coming over i will spray quickly you don't need like a ton of it so it's lasted me like a solid over a year don't underestimate the power of a good room spray when i have people over and i spray that stuff before they're like wow it smells so good in here i'm like it's so simple and it's like a small thing but it just adds so much anyway that's it from me today folks um that is all i had i feel like there's so many things like it's just such a complicated process i feel like i could have talked about a thousand million other things but that's just too much why would anyone give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like no one no it's just we're not here for like three hours to listen to me i hope this was helpful to anyone if you all have any questions feel free to leave them down below and if i can't get to them and one of y'all watching this is like reading the comments and you have an answer for somebody please feel free to comment back to them and answer their question and give your own perspective we all have different experiences which is what makes everybody so great and unique so feel free to ask questions down below answer other people's questions share your own experiences use the comment section as a little discussion board on this topic you guys got this i love you so much and that's gonna be it for today's video thank you so much for watching i hope that you liked it if you did make sure to give it a thumbs up if you stay until this point in the video comment down below i'm a real one because you're a real one if you want to see more videos from me make sure you hit the subscribe button i post a new video every sunday and if you forget that i post a new video every sunday or you just want to get notified right when i post a new video make sure to turn on my post notifications for my channel it's the little bell icon so that you never miss an upload and you get notified right when i post a new video i really do talk so fast i don't know how to make that stop anyway yeah i think that's it i hope you guys all have a wonderful rest of your day and i'll see you guys my next video bye you

  Top Comments:
  1. @trackerelf [11 likes]: I'm 41 recently single and a mother...I'm about to move out and I've never lived on my own before.  Thank you 😂❤
  2. @wiliamarg [5 likes]: Planning to move out in 2027, since I graduate in 2026 and I need OUT. I love my family but I have spent 16 years too long with these people
  3. @babytaro1879 [1 likes]: me and my boyfriend are moving into our own place soon and it would be 41% of our income. utiliites are included!! we have 16 months of saving. we'll have 1.2k left after bills and rent each month. im scared but so motivated to move out. i know i can do it. the scariest thing is probably being alone and figuring out how to cook more. i dont even know how to grocery shop for myself. meal planning isnt something ive thought about before until i started making my own meals when im alone. time to learn the basics😅
  4. @yourlordship1119 [1 likes]: I'm 26, I have it pretty good where I'm at but I know the time to move out has been fast approaching for a while now. My car, my new job and school has greatly slowed down my progress, that, and I want to buy a condo instead of renting. Which means I need to save up a lot more.
  5. @damneddusted: Ok but you're etheral kinda pretty I'm in love and I'm straight af😭❤️🦋
  6. @UNAMIAMUSIC: ❤
  7. @Kasey-j2g: Honestly I’m mostly scared of missing time with my parents since they’re older it scares me that I might not have a lot of time with them before they die😕
  8. @michellecamacho6151: I came upon this video as I am searching for apartments as I have a month to get out of my parents house (mom has kicked me out) and I am essentially alone. I have no car and am still working but it just hurts so bad..there is so much anxiety and what I need to do without much guidance. Figuring out what my budget is because I just started a second/third job that is low wage but check includes gratuity and tips so I have yet to check that… and one thing I must bring with me is my pet ferret so I have to search for pet friendly apartments. Another thing is wondering what she’ll allow me to take or not (which I have a feeling the mattress is not included, not any suitcases to help with my load)
  9. @gabriellabailey189: As a 23 yr old, single, barberess who makes a decent enough living while in my parents house, moving out in this economy, is not for the weak. I’m in between jobs, borrowed from cash advance apps (ik, i’m a dumbass lmao) but my next paycheck is gonna be my first REAL paycheck. It is a struggle out here and it is 100% ok to struggle and not have it all figured out by 20-25. If your like me and your the biggest critic to yourself, just remember that all those couples you see on facebook who are moved out in the fancy apartment and your younger brother and sister-in-law are about to buy a house and your older than them and YOU feel like your failing because your still in your parents house, stop. Stop that right now. You’re working on one income, hunny. Those people and your younger brother are working on two and it doesn’t mean they don’t struggle. They have bad months just like us. Recognizing that makes being broke a little less defeating, a little less traumatizing lol. I need to take this advice too, trust me but we all need to be a little bit nicer to ourselves ❤ If you can move out by yourself in this economy and stay moved out, that is an accomplishment and you should celebrate that. Congratulations, i’m serious. You defeated the system! 🫶🏻🫶🏻
  10. @WildWhimsyPottery: The floating giant rock thing actually made me feel a bit better. Really put things into another perspective 😂
  11. @IamLinzoraa: how long were you working  for  to move out officially to your own place im getting a job  this new year and i will move out so i need to know how long were you working  exactly to collect money for rent for the place to live in
  12. @Celia-k4c: My parents are selling the house. They've been talking about it for a couple years but i figured id have another year do prepare before moving out. Im streesing out. Any tips?
  13. @Pinkhoneybeee125: I just moved out and I can't express how sad I feel everyday. It makes me physically sick... :( I miss my mom and I miss my cat and I miss my old life... But I think/hope I just need time... I really wish it was easier for me tho...
  14. @soapyhuh: been looking for some moving advice because i'm moving from chicago to sf, this is so helpful!! <3<3 times like this are so stressful so maybe when i buy a power drill i'll feel okay LOL
  15. @Chitto22: Interesting videos ❤ I came to USA 5 years ago and getting an apartment was hard until I paid a vendor online to build up my CPN and he did a perfect job also made bank statements and stub
  16. @pascalesimmons8004: I’m a real one. 🫶🏽
  17. @kimlove4740: Thanks so much I can no longer live with my abusive mother! Have to get my own place
  18. @theautisticstar: Your cat (charlie) looks like my new teddy lol
  19. @Alum1numWonders: 13 and plotting to move from my not-so-nice parents on my 18th bday, (I’m trying to get my first job at 14)  anyone have any tips?? Outside of the video
  20. @mirandachen4846: I'm passonate about moving out of my parents house but I live with my parents sadly

- Flirting, U-Hauling, and Everything I Wish I Knew About Lesbian Dating: Kind: captions Language: en Hi, my name is Nikki. This is Interventionist. And today I want to talk about things that I have learned since dating women. Like things that I just didn't anticipate and also things that I have learned just in general. Um things like learning how to flirt with women, like learning how to break that platonic barrier. And also things that I learned when it comes to dating women that I just didn't anticipate um that I had no idea would happen or even were things. Um, and this is technically the third video for my lesbian visibility week video, but it's getting up late. It was supposed to be up on Saturday, but my life just kind of got kind of insane over this past weekend. So, this is technically the third video from that, even though it ended yesterday. U, but the first video was about like signs that I missed leading up to coming out and then coming out, things that I experienced. And now this is like things that I experienced live in the moment, like hanging out with a girl and being like, "What the hell is going on right now?" um or what the hell do I do right now? And that's what that's what I want to talk about. More like light-hearted uh funny things and then also just like I don't know shocking. Um and when I was thinking about this video, like what I wanted to talk about in it, for some reason, like one of the first memories that came to my mind that I felt like had a really big impact on me, but I couldn't like explain why. And then I thought more about it and I was like, okay. I think it's because it was one of the first moments that I really learned that there is there are people in the LGBTQ community and you can end up in relationships even if they're lesbian relationships uh that are still like very based in and founded upon very strict rigid heterero normative expectations and dynamics. um even if you're in a gay relationship, a lesbian relationship. And so I'm just going to tell you the story. And this actually was something that happened with my abusive ex-girlfriend. So I should have I mean whatever, whatever. I always I already knew she was weird from the moment we met, but um so this is one of the first times where I realized like, okay, like this is interesting. This is interesting that you reacted this way. So we were hanging out. We had known each other for I don't know how long now at this point. Not long. But we've been this was our first time hanging out and she had come over to my apartment and we were just hanging out. Um and we we weren't doing anything like we weren't doing anything weird at all. I think we we were like on our phones and then she asked me to guess if she was a top or a bottom. And you know that's not the first time since then. First time someone did it up until then that people have asked me to guess this. Let me just tell you this. If someone ever ask you asks you to guess, there's a 99.9% chance that they're top. That's just what it is. Only a top will even ask that question usually. Um, and it seems that every single time somebody asks that, if they don't get the answer they like, they get offended because it's not the first time that someone's asking me that question and they're like whatever. But the but the rest of the story was a first and only time that this happened. So, she asked me to guess if she was at top or bottom. And like I kind of could guess at that point that yeah, if someone's asking you that it feels like top behavior to ask that question, but I was like at the same time, just to be completely honest, like sue me. I thought the answer was bottom. I still whatever. I thought the answer was bottom. I don't know. I just did. And I'm not a liar. So, I said bottom that I thought she was a bottom. And she got so upset with me. She got so upset with me. She was like, "I've never felt so emasculated in my life." Like, "Oh my god, I can't believe you just said this." It was like a big deal. She was really upset with me. Um, then she said something really stupid. Like just so stupid. It was like, "I'm going to go hook up with another girl to like assert my dominance." It was so dumb. It was so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] stupid. Whatever. But that's what she was saying. She's like really upset with me. She's like, "I've never felt so emasculated. Like, I can't believe you said that. Like, I have to go. Like, I can't handle this." Or And then she dapped me up. And then she dapped me up. And then she took her stuff and she's like, "I'm leaving. like I got to go dab me up again. I was like what is going on right now? Like what is going on right now and then took her stuff and she I'm like sitting stunned in on my bed. I'm like just actually stunned. Like I don't even have words right now. Like I was just like stunned. And she leaves my room and she goes into the living room of my apartment where my roommate is who she doesn't even know. I don't know why she did this. And she goes, "Hey." Like introduces herself cuz they don't know each other. It's like I'm leaving. I was here with Nikki. Like nice to meet you. And my roommate's like, "Okay, cool." Like it was just random. And then she goes, "I'm going to go say bye to her one more time." I can hear her down the hall and she comes back into my room. And then she was like, "Sorry, like I don't know. Like I really liked you. Like this is sucks. Like I don't know. Like I just like kind of sucks. I just don't think I'm going be able to forget that. Like I can't believe you would guess that." Like just like really weird and bizarre. And I was like okay. Like I don't And then I was like I don't know. I was like I'm sorry. But in my head I'm like what am I apologizing for? Like what is going on? I also thought that that was the answer. Like for real. And then she's like going acting like she's going to leave and then she comes back and she's like, "I don't know. Like I really did like you. Like this sucks." Then she dapped me up again and then she'd start to leave and then she come back. It was just ridiculous. I've never been dapped up so many times in my entire life. And then eventually she's like, "No, like actually maybe maybe I'm overreacting. Like maybe I'll be able to move on from it. It's fine. Like maybe I'll stay." And she stayed. Whatever. Um and that ended up being my ex-girlfriend, my abusive ex-girlfriend. Like at any other point in my life now, I would have been like, "Yeah, leave. Go." That's obviously not what happened. And we ended up dating. So, um, just one of the many red flags. Uh, but I was so like she was older than me and this was the first time that I was like really like with a girl that I liked and that I don't know, it was just crazy. It was so confusing. Um, and I knew it was a weird reaction obviously like it's kind of a crazy reaction for her to have in general, but it taught me something that, you know, I only learned more and more after being with her who was like a very misogynistic person in general. like aside from the abusive relationship, she also was just very misogynistic and very much wanted like what would be a straight relationship. She wanted me to be like, yeah, she wanted a straight relationship and she wanted to be in very stereotypical traditional terms. She wanted a man and a woman and she wanted me to be the woman, whatever. So, she wanted complete rigidity when it came to roles in relationships, including the rigidity that comes with traditional relationship roles in sex. So, like man, top woman submissive. Also, my cat just jumped up there. His name's Teeny Wen, by the way, that's kind of funny for the topic we're talking about. Um, his name's Teeny. That's funny. Um, anyways, so that's like how her brain worked. Um, and that was just jarring. I never experienced that. I didn't know that that really existed within gay relationships like that there was so much um honestly like homophobia that led to like extreme heteronormativity. I don't think that like heteronormativity when we think about it in terms of like oh we want like someone who has like the more traditional masculine presence and a more feminine um heteronormativity is negative because because of its like institutional systemic oppressive backing um and the way that it's forcefed to us in terms of dynamics and rules. But there's people within the LGBTQ community who want that. They want those oppressive dynamics and they also want the rigidity of those roles. Um, versus people in like LGBTQ relationships who like have explored fluidity and can still exist within like a fluid state wall sort of like taking on a dynamic that is somewhat representative of this like what we understand to be heteronormative which is like we're masculine or feminine whatever. They want the rigidity in a negative way. Um, and it's like offensive to them um to ever assume that they would exist outside of it. And that was like one of the first times I experienced that where it was like no, like that is so offensive to ever assume that it's like a toxic masculinity thing, right? Like that's kind of what was happening. I just didn't know that could exist like in the LGBTQ community and in gay relationships. And since then, like obviously I went through that relationship. I know her. I know that that's not the first time that's happened and I know it's not the last. Like that's not that that's not that rare to have people who are like that to meet people like that. um who I just threw that on the ground. It's fine. Um who feel that way and that threw me off. Okay, threw me off. Uh and then whatever got in a relationship I learned a lot of other things, but that was one of the first times that I learned that like there were I don't know people still felt that way. Like they felt very very attached to these dynamics and like what they meant and like why they were that thing. So like she was that thing because she was masculine. So like she was very attached to that fact that dynamic that um that expectation which was the role to play that role then of the top whatever. Anyways it's like kind of a funny story. It is I mean it makes me laugh like it's crazy like what a crazy reaction you just had right now. Like what is going on right now? Um, but it stuck with me and I've never really forgotten it. Mostly because it was one of the first times that I became aware of the fact that like if you do date women, just know that like there are people um who will expect and who do want like very rigid heteronormative relationships. Um, and just be careful I guess is something like to be aware of that. I know people who have reached out to me like ever since I make videos on here who and I talk about things similar to this. people reach out to me who've experienced similar things where it gets like to be very bad and very very unhealthy. Um, but I think you can also have a relationship where like you kind of just play like those more um I guess what we consider like heteronormative roles in a way that's not unhealthy that it's fine. But that's just something I didn't know. I didn't know it was about like it could exist in a way that was so unhealthy and still exist in the LGBTQ relationship and lesbian relationships and be oh my gosh it was just I just like threw me off. I was like what just happened? Like I also Yeah, it was just a lot. I just I had never experienced anything like that. Um, and okay, so that was like one thing that I remembered when I was thinking about this things that I'm like, "Oh god, I just like didn't expect that to happen." And it would be like the way that some people are still very attached to like heteronormative scripts, heterosexual scripts. That was something that I learned and that I do now know. And sometimes I talk about it in videos when I talk about like the idea of scripts. my video about um misogyny, I think it's called like misogyny, warps, queer relationships kind of like touches on it comes from that like experiences like that where I realize okay it matters a lot to some people um and the ways that it can like show up uh and the expectations it can place on you and the p person that you're with or um like in this case the expectation would for me then to have been like no like you are a bottom you're submissive you're like more feminine you're taking on these like expectations that come with femininity in like traditional roles that's what I mean I guess is kind of what what I'm saying. Okay, that was one of the things. Um, and then I thought about U-Hauling. Uh, and I knew, okay, so I came out. I'd been on like the gay internet. I knew that that was a thing. Um, I didn't know it was as real as it is. So, like, U-Hauling is real. U-hauling is is real. I think that there's reasons for it. I think you could probably like give a really good argument as to why it exists. Um I think that there's a lot to be said for for example if you're two women like in a lesbian relationship dating the certain kind of bond that you can build because of the shared lived experience and um the way that for example like women have been forced to be more emotionally like observant intuitive communicative is ways to like protect ourselves. It's like literally survival mechanisms um because the roles we've been forced to play things like that we're more emotionally communicative so there's quicker bonding things like that I think that there's I think that there's various reasons that it can happen um that's just in the case that for example if it's like two women dating if you're like I don't know in my situations but U-Hauling is really real it's it's real and it's a threat like it's a threat uh I guess I suppose if you are being threatened by it I have been um I've definitely like made the mistake of just going way too fast with people. And I guess something that I wish someone would have told me earlier on that I have told myself every single time I've dated someone and did this anyways, but that I still tell myself. I just have to like be better at putting into practice, which I can now because I've had my heart broken enough that like you doesn't work for me anymore. But is is so important if you are dating women for the first time and you are obsessed like you just say you like meet a woman and you're just you went on a date and you're like oh my god I could just spend every single second with you forever like I just don't want to leave your side and you just become like attached at the hip. Um and you just want to be around them all the time. There's one piece adi like one piece of advice that I like wish I could give every lesbian who's experienced this including myself or more so that I wish I would take this advice take actual days of physical space apart like do not I mean do not do anything do whatever works for you but if you are falling into that space where you're like we went on one date and now we have not separated for like 72 hours I have done that it's So so so so so important. Even if you then continue after this to like snowball and go really quick into a relationship, take actual days of physical space away from each other. I don't mean just like a couple hours. I mean like a couple days at least of like actual physical distance. Like keep talking. I is fine. But take actual physical distance. Spend some days apart. And the reason that I say this is because when you go into the situation and like you start U-Hauling, say like you're experiencing like the stereotypical, it's not stereotypical, but it's a myth, but it's also not a myth. I've lived it multiple times. The 72-hour lesbian first date where like you literally end up on a date that lasts like a week or like 72 hours long. Like you don't leave each other. I've done that. Um, okay, it's all fun. It's all fun and games, whatever. The thing is that you can have so much chemistry that you're able to do this, but chemistry does not equal compatibility. And compatibility doesn't even always equal like relationship material. And when you are so intoxicated with someone's presence and you're so attracted to them in all different ways, like they're arousing everything in you, your your brain, your body, and whatever way that you're attracted to people, they're like you're attracted to all of it with them. Um, and it's a lot. And it's like overwhelming to have someone that you're that into be in front of you. And now you're supposed to think clearly about the potential for your guys' like relationship, if you like them, what were red flags, what weren't red flags. Um, if you did really like them and actually did enjoy the date and would want to see them again. Like still needing the time to like sit and think and like process what you did experience together and like what you learned about them and all these different things. Um, it's so important to separate yourself like physically genuinely from this person because it is so hard. It is so hard to clearly mentally process and sort of re-evaluate everything that you just experienced with somebody when you are still so in the moment overwhelmed with their presence and you're being affected by their presence. Like I'm talking about in positive ways. like you have a crush on someone, um you just get like, oh my gosh, it's like your brain can feel like it's buzzing. And when someone's in front of you, like how can you take a second and decompress and regulate enough to like properly process and assess everything that happened and think about it very clearly to make active judgments and decisions around like this relationship and what you want or what a relationship might realistically look like with someone if you're getting that close. that fast. Like if you're getting that close that fast, like you should be asking yourself these questions before you just fall into a relationship. Uh where it gets a lot harder to I guess like how how I would try to explain this is it's a lot easier to like press on the gas than it is to like slam on the brakes after you're going 100 miles an hour. Like it's so much easier to start going 100 miles an hour than it is to slow down and try to get back to like 10 miles hour. It's a lot harder. Um, and so that's why it's good to start slow than it is to try and slow down. It's just a lot harder to slow down when you become so attached and you've already gone so fast. And when you go so fast, you start building like an attachment that is really just backed on the fact that you've become physically like used to each other and attached rather than it is built on the fact that you really know each other. Um, and that's because time hasn't caught up with presence. So, like you've spent a lot of time like close to each other, but you haven't spent enough time together in life that you know enough about them to like sort of back up the amount of attachment that you have. And that's fine. That's what happens. You learn about each other over time. But you can end up in a full-blown committed relationship where you're seeing each other every single day, like meeting their family after like two months if you really want to. And then it isn't until like two and a half months in that you even realize what kind of person are when they're tired after a long day at work and they got stuck in traffic. like what kind of person are they in that moment? And now you've like committed to them. Potentially even like started talking about moving in with them. If not, you have. Some U-Hauling goes that fast. Some doesn't. But it feels that easy when you've fallen in and you've you've attached to that idea of them and you've become that like physically attached. Um that it hasn't all of who they actually are and all of who you actually h are have hasn't had time to catch up. So, you don't really know each other and yet you're attached to each other as if like you do and now you're attached to a person and very committed to somebody that you don't even really know. And I'm not saying this to be like negative or say that you can't have like a good relationship and like couldn't end well this way. I'm just saying that I see this happen a lot and I've experienced this where it's like you are now in a committed relationship where you haven't spent any time apart and you now are each other's person while you don't even really know the other person yet. And that's a really vulnerable position to be in. And U-Hauling lets that happen really quickly and is really the reason that that happens really quickly is just that like moving really fast. And so when I say like take physical space apart, it's because when you become that attached to just having someone in your presence, they become like your person simply because they are right there and they're a person. um versus they're becoming your person because they're a person and you know them as they are as a person and even when they don't exist directly in your line of sight like holding your hand, they're still a person that like you know and you think of and you understand and they don't have to be right in front of you for it to be I don't know how to explain it for it to be right for it to work. Um you can still like have what would be the word? I don't know how I don't even know how to put it. It's like it's hard to explain I suppose other than I don't know I suppose more so than anything the point is that you need to give yourself time to process and evaluate what you have experienced with a person everything that came with that experience rather than just like being with them 24/7 going through and not taking a second to process what you've experienced away from them and therefore likely going to be like overlooking things that you should take a second to actually think about when it could come to being in an actual relationship with somebody, for example, when you're with somebody in the moment, hanging out with them a lot, the fact that their ex still like calls them all the time or is trying to get back together with them might not feel like a big deal because you're with them in the moment, so they're paying attention to you all the time. Um, and you're still like enthralled with this like new relationship and it's like no big deal cuz we have each other. But in reality, you should take the time, instead of like becoming inseparable, you should have the time days apart where they're not like sort of you're not overwhelmed, intoxicated by like being aroused by their physical presence in whatever way that it does arouse you mentally, emotionally, I don't know, physically. Um, where you can process and think about something like that in regard to the fact that you also have feelings for them to decide whether or not that that's how you would feel about that in a relationship or being in a relationship with someone who has that going on in their life. Um, but when you're with someone in person, I mean, who cares? It's like, but we're together. Like, it's not nothing really matters because we're together and we're like so high on each other kind of. Um, and it doesn't have to be something like that. Like, that's just a really obvious one, right? Like, someone's ex texting them all the time. But a lot of lesbians get in relationships while they still have like feelings for their ex. I don't know. It's just like a stereotype, but I don't even know if it is a stereotype because it kind of seems to be like true. Like, I see happen a lot. Uh, but I think that's just like an example, one example that's pretty obvious when like, oh, someone's ex is kind of still in the picture. Um, but they're I'm so in their picture. So, it doesn't really matter about their ex, but you should take a second and like process that. And you should take the time away from it to be able to like process it without your feelings of attraction for this person being directly in front of you sort of clouding it. Having being so overwhelmed with somebody's presence because you're so into them will really cloud your judgment when it comes to like actually reviewing and understanding compatibility beyond just chemistry. And I think that's really important. Um, and I think that can help protect you from like the vulnerability that can come with getting into a relationship with somebody too soon and then being in a relationship with somebody that they become your person simply because you're two people who are now really attached at each other's head rather than being each other's person because you really know the person yet. Um, and that's that's not to say it couldn't can't work out. I mean, I'm sure it definitely can. Uh, but I do think it's something to look out for. And I think there's a reason that it's a myth and low-key like actually kind of true. And I I I understand like I've experienced it like where things are just like snowballing way too fast. Um but always ones that ended like soon like they would like snowball theoretically U-Haul for a month and then it'd be done. Um and I would do things where I'm like looking back now I'm like oh my god why would I do that? For example me and this girl um were seeing each other and we had been seeing each other for like a week and we became like pretty inseparable. Uh, I would say I don't remember like if we did a seven two hour first date, but we became pretty inseparable. We knew each other for a week and then we booked a trip. We booked it paid for a trip to another state and like rented an Airbnb. All the stuff that would have been three months out. Like we knew each other for a week. Oh my god. I don't know why I did that. I don't know why why she did that. I don't know why we did that. Oh my god. And then things ended three weeks later. like we didn't even make it halfway to then. Um that's actually a girl talking about things who like kind of want heteronormative scripts or like tra traditional dynamics. One of the reasons I ended I ended things with with her. One of the reasons I did is cuz she wanted me to be like more masculine. She kept wanting to be more and more more masculine. Like she said I should go on tea cuz she said I would make me sound more masculine and I would probably like that. And I was just like what? What? She was just obsessed with me being more and more masculine. She was like very what would be the word pushy about it. Um that's one of the reason that I ended things cuz like I don't want to be but that's like to speak to like some people will have expectations for you in terms of like gender roles because of what they want. Um that's not the point. Booked a trip after like didn't go, thank God. I don't remember if we got refunds but we didn't go. Um, but that would be an example of U-Hauling ending before it became like a true U-Haul, like let's go buy a van or rent a van situation. Um, but that is something that I wish that when I was younger, I listened to myself about that I actually took a second uh and could get myself to not be in the other person's presence. Um, and I think that that's a good test as well in terms of like boundaries that can happen in a relationship because many of the times that I would say that because I'm telling you, this was something that I've always believed in and I still believe in. I just like had a hard time implementing, I would usually say that to someone and like that I was seeing that I wanted to spend like a few days apart um, physically. Not like not that we couldn't call or talk, but physically so that I could like think clearly cuz I can't think clearly when I'm attracted to you and you're right in front of me and like I don't I just need to like think clearly. And a lot of the times like if I was seeing a girl and I said that I would not be met with like they would be very upset with me about it. Like they would handle it very badly and be very upset with me and it would become like an argument. And a lot of the reason that I would also be like, "Okay, never mind. You're right. Like let's just keep spending time together." Um that's on me. I should have put my foot down if I really wanted to like follow through with that. But it also taught me early on as well, if I look back now, uh what a relationship would probably actually look like with this person when it comes to implementing boundaries um and personal space and having personal time. That's really important. And the fact that it was already like an issue um for me now that I know this, I'm like, "Oh yeah, that's a big deal." Like that's kind of a red flag. Like I'm asking like just to not hang out for like a couple days in a row. Um so that's something else that it taught me. That was something that I still believe in. I I got better at sticking to when I got um started dating more. But still, like it's hard. It's hard. Just realistically, it's hard. Like when you like someone a lot and they're just there in front of you, like how could you not want them around all the time, right? Um so I get it. It's hard and I understand why U-Hauling happens and I'm definitely not immune. So hopefully it'll never happen to me again or even like the beginning signs of it cuz I can't handle that anymore. Um, okay. That was like U-Hauling. My thoughts on U-Hauling. I wrote in some other stuff. Let me see what I said. Okay. I also had stuff on flirting. Um, so that was that's like a DM I often get like how do you flirt with women? Like I just came out and I have no idea how to flirt with women on dates. Like where do I meet women? Um, so I thought I would talk about it like learning to sort of break the platonic barrier. I talk in other videos about like how it can be hard feeling comfortable enough to flirt with women even if you're on like a lesbian date. I have a video on the lesbian predatory trope that I feel like really speaks to that like being afraid that even though like you're with maybe potentially another gay woman on a gay date, being afraid that you being gay in any way, like showing any interest or flirting will somehow make you creepy and weird. Um, and it can make you really afraid to flirt in any capacity, but then at the same time needing to flirt, you want to show that you like are interested in this person as more than just a friend. Um, and especially if you're in a situation where like there's no script. Like we are exposed to so many scripts growing up like dominant heteronormative heterosexual relationship scripts about who does what, how do you respond, how do you act, how do they act, and that's how you sort of navigate them and it's easy because you have something to fall back on. But if you're in a gay relationship, the script isn't there anymore because it's gay. It's not based in this like heterosexual uh romantic relationship script. Um, and a lot of the times in that script, it's like you have a man flirts, initiates, opens the door, whatever. And then in these heteronormative heterosexual scripts, the woman does this and that and that. That's what you like know. You can fall back on that. This is who pays. This is who doesn't pay. This is who drives. This is who does who doesn't drive. Stuff like that. Um and then when you're on like a lesbian date, suddenly the scripts are out the window. And sometimes they're not. Like my ex-girlfriend who is very heteronormative um to an unhealthy degree, but there are some people who still want to follow those scripts. And I think a lot of the times when you're on a date with someone like that, you kind of know, you can pick up on it. Um, and hopefully it's in a way that's healthy, right? Like there's a difference between like my ex-girlfriend who was very unhealthy and um wanted the abusive aspects of a heteronormative heterosexual script. She wanted the oppression that like we didn't actually have cuz she would need to be a man to have that kind of power, but she wanted to recreate it. Um, but you can kind of tell when like a date is going in that direction where there's going to be that kind of like a little bit of a script like already kind of written. You can kind of pick up on how it's going to go. You can kind of tell when that's happening. Sometimes you can't. Um, and other times like it's just totally different. Like you're totally already outside of the script. It just looks completely different. For example, if it's like two fems on a date, totally new script. Totally totally new script. You're going to have to write it. You don't even have anything just from memory, muscle memory to go off of being like, "Oh yeah, usually the person who's dressed more masculine does this." Like your brain doesn't even have that chance to make those associations or potentially in the moment unlearn those associations. Um, so you have to you're gonna have to start writing your own script and you're gonna have to overcome like the fear of flirting if you want to like make moves and things like that. So I thought I would talk about like what I've learned when it comes to flirting with women because that is like a question I get a lot and you know it takes like a lot to learn like okay how do I flirt without feeling like a creep? How do I how do I flirt with a girl like in general? like how do I how how and I was thinking about it this morning like what I would say like if I could give tips to like my younger self. Um and you know I think the thing a lot of people talk about is like not wanting to get stuck in like the platonic compliments cage where you're being like you're so pretty, you know, you're so pretty and like you're so gorgeous. And here's the thing, like I was thinking about it and I'm like, you could easily end up in that like platonic cage. Stay behind that platonic barrier if you're using these kind of uh compliments. But the reality is any compliment is fine. It doesn't have to be platonic if you use it right and if you do it correctly. So, when I was thinking about that, like how would I explain now like how to maybe try and make sure you use it in a way that even though yes, it's like a compliment that friends might say to each other, it's going to get the point across that like you don't see this person as a friend. And something I was thinking about is like, okay, so if you want So, okay, say you're on a date with a woman, you're on a date with a girl, and you like her. Like, you really do like her. you want her to know that you like her, you're like you're interested in her. And theoretically, I would say maybe try a different compliment than this or like flirty comment than this, like you look so pretty or you're so pretty. But it tends to be the one that like all that can come to people's heads a lot of the time, which is understandable. So say that like the only thing that you can say is you're so pretty. Like you look so pretty, you're so pretty. Um that's fine. That's fine. I think that that's totally fine. I think make sure you say it in the right way. And I feel like there's a couple ways you can make sure to differentiate it. if you're just gonna say it directly to her. Um, I think so important when you're trying to flirt with somebody and make sure it's not platonic when it's like with another woman is your tone. And you need to show her when you say it that you're saying it because she's affected you. And I think the most important thing that comes with anything and why I think you could really say any kind of compliment and turn it into something that like is clear interest or almost like flirting is it's dependent on whether or not you show her that like she is affecting you. Like she needs to know that she is having an effect on you. She is affecting you. Her presence is like impacting you in that moment. That's what matters more than anything is that like she knows you are you see her like you're looking at her and you like feel it and you're like okay she's affecting you. Um so if you're saying oh my god you're so pretty because it's like oh yeah you're so pretty or it's like you're so pretty it's making me like nervous. Um those are two different things and one is more friendly and one is more flirty. So, if you want to tell someone that like you're trying to flirt with or you want them to know that you're interested, I think it needs to come from a place where like you are affected. And I think a really easy way to do that is, okay, this is like advice maybe I would give, but it timing matters. So, don't do this when she's talking about something serious. Interrupt her. So, if you're talking to someone like she's talking to you, that's what it is. I'm going to say she like you're on a date with a woman and she's talking to you and you like her and you are thinking about how she's like so beautiful. You want to say something like for her to know that like okay like you're affecting me like I do like you like I feel something for you. Um when she's talking about something that's like I don't know something not too serious. Listen enough that like you know whatever the last like few words that she said was or you're listening to her. I'm hoping that you're listening to her in general. Know what she said. Clock that like keep that in your head. And then I would say interrupt her. I think that that's a great way to show the impact and say, "Sorry, I don't want to interrupt you. It's just like you're really distracting me. You're just so pretty. I'm sorry. I'm just really distracted. Like you're really pretty." Okay. Sorry. Continue. Just It can be the dumbest thing. It can literally It can be so dumb. It doesn't matter what you say as long as you know that like or as long as they whoever you're with as long as like she knows that you're saying it because it has been like so distracting to look at her because she is so pretty that like you had to interrupt her really quick and like okay now you can continue and when I say clock what she said before is because before you say okay continue re-reference what she said so she knows that you're listening to her like she needs to know that you're not just interrupting her and you're not like objectifying her and just looking at her and objectifying her like you are listening but like sorry it's like a little bit hard to listen because like who are really pretty. I'm sorry. I'm just It's like distracting me. Okay. Sorry. Go ahead. Continue. That's like I think a good way to show that you're having an impact on me. Okay. Just want you to know that like you're impacting me right now in this moment, but I'm listening. I'm listening. Um and you can do that like with something so basic. Like you could be like, "Oh yeah, you're so pretty. Like you're so pretty." You could say that. Be like, "Sorry, you're just it's just distracting me. I'm sorry. You're just really pretty." Okay. Or if it's not the kind of person that's not the kind of compliment you would give this kind of person, like it's a different vibe. Um, you can make it literally anything as long as they are become aware of the fact that their presence is having an impact on you. So, it could be their hands. Um, the way they smell, the way their clothes fit. Um, I don't know what what could you say? Like, you could be like, "Sorry, I don't want to. You're you just look really good. Like, you just I don't know. I really like your style. You just look really good. That shirt like fits really well." Okay, sorry. Continue. Um, things like that. I don't know. Their hands. You just have really nice hands. Sorry. I don't know. I was just distracted. I was looking at him. Okay, sorry. Continue. I swear I'm listening. Things like that. It's just it's stupid, but also true. Like in my experience, when I do like a girl and she's talking to me, yeah, it's kind of a little bit harder to listen to her when I think she's like really beautiful and it's overwhelming me a little bit. So, I think it's like allowing yourself to react in a way that's appropriate. Like, you're not just interrupting her for no reason. um or because you're not listening, but because you are affected by her and allowing the person you're with to see that you are having a reaction to them, like be present enough in front of them that they can see it. Um I think that that's like a great way to show that like you're interested in somebody. I think another way is just through tone alone, like to show your impact. So if you're going to say like you look so pretty, like to someone versus being like to a friend be like, "Oh my god, you look so pretty." You would need to show that like you're really looking at them. I think again like if you're taking a back second, I would say you need to like check them out. Like actually you're genuinely looking at them. You're not just like, "Oh my god, you're so pretty." Like no, I'm looking at you. Like you have my attention. You have my full attention. Like you need to look at them all the way like what they're wearing. Look at them. Let them know that you're like paying attention to them and probably say like, you know, you're so pretty, but change your tone. You just like Yeah, I guess you just I think it's more important than anything to just change your tone. Make sure that you're like making eye contact, looking at them completely, and then just change your tone instead of being like, you look so pretty. with like a high end at the end where it's like pretty. Make it lower like you look so pretty. Something like that. But like while you're looking at them and then if you can't look at someone, you can't make that contact like it's stressing you out. That's okay too, say it. Say the impact. Say that they're affecting you. So you just if you're going to say that same sentence instead of being like, "Oh my god, you or no, you could say that." Yeah. Okay. You could say that. You could be like, "Oh my god, sorry. You're just so pretty." Something like that. It's okay to not make eye contact if you can say the right thing. you know, that like can explain why you're not making the eye contact, I think. Um, and then like obviously if you're making eye contact and you can show the impact. You don't have to add like the holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Well, I guess you cut out the holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Be like, "Holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you're so pretty." Right? Versus like, "Holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you're so pretty." So different, but change the tone, I would say. Um, say or show that they're having an impact on you. Um, but make sure that they know that you're listening. Um, another thing that I would say is like a good way to like show someone that you're I feel like flirting, yes, is like nice to have like lines. Okay, whatever. Like you're trying to flirt with someone, but I think more than anything, it's making someone feel uh seen and like they're being paid attention to like they have your full attention. Nothing feels better than if someone is interested in you or like you're interested in someone knowing that they have like you have their full attention, right? And so you want them to know that like they have your full attention. So, it could be helpful like if you're already like struggling, I don't know, like to pay attention because they are really pretty or like you're nervous and you're getting like nervous. A good way to try and like make sure that they know that you're paying attention is try and remember like something that they said in the very beginning of the date. Like try and remember so that by the end something that they said within the first 10 minutes, you can reference again at the last 10 minutes so that they know like you were there the whole date. And all of the moments that you might have been nervous and felt like you were going to freak out and lose your mind maybe if you really like them, you were there. you were giving, they had your full undivided attention from the first 10 minutes to the last 10 minutes. Um, and I think that can be a helpful way to like bring it around. And I think that's what what means the most on dates and especially with women who were so often not listened to, right? And people don't often pay attention to women. They don't listen to women. They just subjectify women. So yes, like people want to know that they're desired in whatever way that you can express that, but do it by showing that you are paying attention to them. you are listening to them. And even if you have to tell them that they're pretty, it's because you are listening and you just need to let them know because you're a little bit thrown off because they're so pretty that it's like I am listening. I swear it's just you smell really good. I'm a little distracted. Okay. I But I'm listening. I swear. Okay. Continue telling me about your dad's 56th birthday and how you fell off of a tree. Fell off of a tree. Fell off of a porch. I'm trying to make up something and I'm not work. It's not working. Um something like that. Something like that. just make sure that they know that you that they have your full attention. Um, that will get you farther than anything. I think you don't have to have like all these like crazy moves. You don't have to say all these crazy things. Um, you just need to let them know that you're listening and that you're watching and that you're affected by what you're seeing. Um, and I think that those are some pretty like I don't know simple ways to do it. And then from there, I feel like flirting, like the concept of flirting comes with just like natural chemistry and tension. So the more comfortable you get with one another, I think flirting just kind of naturally happens. And I think that opens the door for comfort because the more that uh someone feels wanted and secure in the fact that they're wanted by another person, the more that they'll likely feel comfortable also reciprocating that. And if you're both really terrified and scared and afraid of flirting and two people are like too a little bit too insecure to like express any like comfort or or express any of like their own reciprocal flirtation because it's going to be like too nerve-wracking, right? Like they're not sure that they were even wanted. So why would they flirt? if you can get yourself to be the first one to do it to like open that door. Again, always read the room. Always read the room and you're always opening yourself up for rejection. But, um, it's a great thing to do is to make someone else feel comfortable enough that like then they feel comfortable flirting and then I think it becomes something that's really easy and really natural. But, someone kind of has to break that barrier and open up the dynamic to being like, "No, like I do want you. Like, you can be you don't have to worry about like saying anything that's like gay or feeling weird about being gay cuz this is gay and I'm gay and I want you. like I like you. Um, so a lot of the times we get stuck behind this platonic barrier because we're both too nervous to open up that door and risk the rejection. I think the emotional rejection. But those are, I think, pretty good lines to use like you look so pretty if you're going to use it on a different way or like you dress really nice, you have really nice hands, because they're pretty innocent. Like you can't really go wrong with saying like you look so pretty. Um, or like you smell really good or something like that. Um, and if you word it or you say it at the right time with the right kind of tone, it can be just as flirty as literally anything else. But it's a safe enough sentiment that I think will hopefully protect you from feeling like overwhelmed with that like predatory lesbian trope kind of icky feeling you can get. Um, so maybe that can be helpful. I hope that can maybe be a little helpful. I'm trying to think if there's other things. Dating apps. Um, if you use dating apps and you're getting stuck in the what do I say first? Like oh my god, you're so pretty. Um, I think something that can be helpful is if you're messaging someone on a dating app, uh, whatever you say to them, hopefully you can have like a better starter than this, but you should also like throw in your first kind of compliment to show interest. And I would say if it's something that you can't change the tone of in person, the way that you're doing it in person, like you look so pretty, don't say you're so pretty on a dating app. Um, change the sentence to something that doesn't have an automate automated tone in their head likely, like you're so gorgeous. Oh my god, you're so beautiful. This is probably an automated tone in people's heads that sounds pretty platonic honestly a lot of the time, especially between like two women. So on a dating app where you can't change the tone, it's just like written. I would change the words. Um, and it can be something stupid. Just change it so it's like it shakes up a little bit like they don't have an automated tone in their head for it. So like I don't know, say whatever you're going to say to like open it. Um, say like hi, whatever. Whatever you say. Hopefully have some kind of question like thrown in. Maybe something related if it's a dating app with like a prompt. And then you could be like, um, and what could you say? You could be like, um, and also, can I just say you have an incredible face, by the way. 10 out of 10. I'm a huge fan. Something like that. Like, it's just stupid, but it's different. It's enough to be like, okay, wait. My friends don't say that to me. My friends tell me I look so pretty or you look so beautiful. But my friends don't say, "Oh my god, I'm like a 10 out of 10. I'm a huge fan of your face." It's just different. It's just different. And I think it just helps separate pretty immediately from like the automated automatic platonic tones and tone indicators that we kind of have in our heads, saved in our head, things like that. I'm trying to think like what else you could say on a dating app that's literally just a different kind of sentence. Um, but something that just changes that they don't have autosaved in their brain in terms of tone. So, it could be something that stupid, right? Like, my god, you have an incredible face. I'm a huge fan. 10 out of 10. Maybe they really do, too. I mean, like, does she have an incredible 10 out of 10 amazing face? Then tell her. Why not tell her? Um, paying paying on dates. That's one. Like, who pays on a date? Um, I think it depends. I've always been like, I'm gonna pay. I don't like people paying. I always want to pay. So, there's always that question of like who pays. I think whoever asks someone on a date should pay probably is like how it should go. Um, is how I feel about it. But, if you're someone who wants to pay and like you've already decided like I want to pay, I'm going to pay. There's something that happens when you're on a date where like I think you can like start to go into platonic territory for some reason. I've just noticed this if you start to argue about who's going to pay. Um, and it's like a no, I'll pay like no, I'll pay, no, I want to pay. No, I'll pay. Again, like you're reading the room. Like don't do this to some people and some people it'll work. Other people might really not like this. And I feel like you can often pick up like which one it is. But if it's like a no like oh my god like you don't have to like I'll also pay like no let me pay instead of going back and forth like that cuz I think can somehow start to become like feel weirdly platonic like no like if I'm on a date with you and I'm interested in you like I'm paying for you like we're not friends we're not friends I'm not letting it feel like friendship. Um but people often are like no like oh my god like I don't know that happens. Um I think a good way to bypass like almost platonic like arguing of like oh my god no but like should we split? No, like I don't want you. Is okay, let it happen for like 10 seconds, be like, "No, you. No, you. Oh my god." And if that's going to start to happen, something that I've learned to do to just like make sure like to kind of like take back control and be like, "We're not friends." Um, is let them then put their card down. Either agree be like, "Okay, fine. We can split." Or like if they were like going to be like, "No, my god, let me." But you really want to let them put their card down like all the way until their hand is away from it. And then you take their card and you put it in your pocket and put your card down until it's paid. And then that way you've paid. So you show your interest like, "No, like I'm interested in you." And you stop from going back and forth that like, "Oh my god, no." Like, "No, I let me pay. Please let me pay." They're like, "Oh my god, no, let me just like get rid of that, like table that." Um, and you bypass that so that you can pay. Um, I think that's a good way to do it. Sometimes some people don't like this, some people will not like this. I think you can know on a date like what kind of person that'll work for and what kind of person it won't work for. Um, if it's someone like my ex-girlfriend who was like very much like set on a script, she would hate that. She would have flipped out. Um, if it's someone who like you guys very clearly don't even really want to like see each other again, probably also don't do this. Um, but if it's someone that it's actually like happening because it's like, "Oh my god, no, I like you." Like I then I think it's a good a good idea, a good a good idea, a good tip. Um, but yeah, I just keep it in my pocket until the check is paid and then I give it back to them. Um, yeah. Okay. Yeah, I think that's it. I think that's all I've got when it comes to flirting and like the things that I've learned. Um, but I guess I'll just say that I if you are like newly out and dating for the first time, dating women for the first time, that it is a wonderful experience and there's so much to be learned and there's so much you will learn. but that you should open yourself up to experiencing it and allow yourself to take those emotional risks to have those experiences because yes, they are scary and you open yourself up to rejection and being awkward and being weird. But like there's so many wonderful amazing experiences in life and moments and people that we will meet from opening up ourselves to feeling awkward and weird and being emotionally open and thus open to rejection and taking those risks. And some of my most favorite memories in my entire life and the people that I've met have come from allowing myself to be a little awkward that way and take those emotional risks. So, I hope that you allow yourself the opportunity to take those risks and to experience gay love and all that it comes with and the gay awkward moments and the things that you learn when you take those emotional risks. Um, and to flirt with someone because you like them and you want them to know and I'm sure that they would really love to know. People like to know that they are liked. Um, and yeah. Yeah, it's a fun thing. It's fun. It's weird. And I don't know. My advice could actually be awful and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] suck. And if it does, fair. Let me know. I have no problem taking criticism. I haven't dated in quite a long time now at this point. Um, so maybe it's all like also deeply outdated. I haven't dated since like December. Um, so yeah, if you have any dating experiences, things that you've learned since dating, um, lesbian dating and like when it comes to just like what you've learned within the LGBTQ community in dating or like dating tips or things that you've experienced on dates, I would love to hear them. Um, if you want to share, uh, I'd love to hear it. If you feel comfortable sharing it like in the comments below, I would love to hear your experiences. I'm sure other people would as well because I get a lot of messages about stuff like this. um whether it's related to this or like literally anything else, if you have something that you want to talk about or share, I would love to hear it in general. Um if it's not something you want to put in the comments, I have an email and uh submissions page on my website and they'll be down below. Um always feel free if it's something you want to talk about, whatever it is, happy, sad, confused, um I'd be honored to hear it, to read it if you want to send it to me. Um whatever it is. And yeah, if there's anything else you want to share that you feel comfortable with other people seeing, the comments is always the comments are always open to you and I moderate them to make sure that there's no like homophobic, transphobic, racist [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] so you don't have to worry about that. Um, and yeah, this is the third video technically for lesbian visibility week and it's a day late, but I hope that you did enjoy it and I'll have other videos up this week. So, okay. Yeah, I think that's it. I don't want to ramble too long and I also think my camera is going to die probably. So, thank you for watching, for listening to my dating stories and my potentially really bad flirting advice or maybe mediocre. Who knows? Let me know if you try it out. Let me know. Um or if you have other advice, let me know. And thank you for watching and I'll see you in the next video. Okay.

  Top Comments:
  1. @rosiegiesler4705 [62 likes]: Bit of advice baby gays, when it’s the right girl it’s easy and it’s reciprocal. And as soon as it’s the right person all that anxiety doesn’t feel so intense.
  2. @caredudz [13 likes]: lol for the longest time i thought top and bottom just meant who likes being on top or on the bottom 🤣
  3. @maxxandme2ryan14 [9 likes]: All the FUN is getting to know someone !! Once in a relationship the work begins.pick someone you can go thru the worst life can throw at you and youll be ok
  4. @user-sv9kn2xe7g [7 likes]: Lesbian relationships can be very co dependent it’s kind of scary how much enmeshment takes place over time. Unhealthy attachments can take place and if it’s abusive it can lead to a trauma bond. It’s a good thing to take your time to know them overtime. Give yourself time to get to know someone.
  5. @BodilWandt [2 likes]: Good that you bring up the importance to stay apart physically. To initiate that and stand your ground is also a good way to see how the other woman react to you not wanting to be together all the time. Someone who doesn't want that space or even actively try to prevent it is very likely to become more and more clingy and controlling.
  6. @devongordan159 [1 likes]: The 24-72 hour dates UGH 😩 I would yell ‘go home already’ as a joke but like idk I guess some people have real things to do too😅
  7. @veronicamacias266 [1 likes]: Idk how people can move so fast without actually knowing the person they are talking to thats insane to me... I get there are people who connect on different levels and it could work out but it just amazes me of how many times people actually do the uhaul thing and it doesnt work
  8. @youtube_watcher8895: okay that first girls reaction is crazy tho whatdefuq girlll shouldve pushed her out then and there
  9. @nighthawk_predator1877: Not sure how to express what I want to say about your discussion about this woman who asked you who you thought she was, "top or bottom" and then went off the chain by your response but I'll give it a try. My wife and partner of 44 years died without warning on Valentines's day of this year. Yes, I am in my feelings today like every other day since she passed. It's really fcking hard. We met when I was 19 and she was 26. She had, had a previous experience in college with a woman but not a long term relationship. I also had a friendship that I thought was a relationship with a straight woman who apparently was just curious butI I fell head over heals for her at that time. Then shortly after that I met Ann I just knew I had to be with her. Our relationship transformed into a love for a lifetime. She is my soulmate. I channel her now so we can continue our relationship across the veil. I KNOW we will be together again because we had an incredible life together and she has told me so after she transitioned fyi. Yes, there were many challenges over the years but they ultimately rolled off our backs. We deeply respected each other in every way.  I always told her that I wanted to spend eternity with her. We laughed often, loved deeply and passionately. Even though we had to date from a distance in the beginning for about 6 months some might say now that the timeline equates with the "U haul" type relationship. It's important to recognize the glowing red flag/ signs that may appear with the other person early on that show the level of insecurities they hold and if those insecurities are a bridge too far for you.. We both were able to help each other through stuff from our backgrounds. She had more to deal with from me than vice versa because she always seemed to have her sht together more than me. I wholeheartedly agree with you that It is great advice to take time to observe the relationship over a period of time before making a commitment. We were just lucky that we had already lived a lifetime together before this one ( I learned lately) and we found each other in this earth realm again. I will also just add that the labels that younger lesbians seem to find the need to attach themselves with over the last couple decades, while perhaps seemingly helpful, appear to me to unnessarily become a distraction for many. We grew up together without all of these labels and yet we both seemed to just naturally accept our fluid feminine and masculine characteristics through day to day life without all of the angst I see on social media today from so many lesbians feeling the need to label themselves in a specific way. To me, self identifying labels come with too much pressure and too many expectations for yourself and the other person. I really wish young lesbians today would come into the dating scene with less restrictive self identification labeling and just be present and relaxed and enjoy getting to know the other woman. Every encounter with another woman doesn't have to be a master's thesis in psychology . Just saying💖🏳‍🌈
  10. @aestheticbetty2983: You have the same name as my ex, who also was abusive, so the intro really threw me off 😭😭 We were long distance and our first date lasted from Friday night to Sunday afternoon 😭
  11. @EmmaT-v1e: I'd be like, "Yes Ma'am, I'm a bottom. May I please have permission to say hi to that other sub girl? I'll hurry back, I promise." Then when I get back, "Ma'am, can you please tell me the things about me that make it obvious to you that I'm a bottom?" So I submit by inviting you to make me the object of scrutiny, we both talk about me & analyze me, then eventually I'd ask, "Ma'am, is there anything I'm not doing yet that you really like in a sub girl?" And, "Ma'am, does another woman's submission to you help you feel closer to her emotionally? How does that work for you, if I'm allowed to ask?" Would I ask if you're a Domme or switch, once I'm calling you Ma'am? No. It's not my place. I'm the object, you're not. If that makes sense. I get myself evaluated but you're above me evaluating you, conversation wise. Would I ask if you're a top or bottom? Actually, yes. But only in the first early stages after meeting you, to test your dominance. Once I've started saying "Ma'am" that means I'm leaning into submission and it's no longer my place to ask certain things of you. Except in a serious conversation further down the track. 

If a sub girl asks "Are you a top or bottom?" and your reply is a blank stare and asking what that means, that would feel like you failed the test. I don't want to be the one taking the lead and telling you how to dominate me when you'd never heard of it before I told you about it. But "Domme" or "switch" are both good answers. If you say "switch" it means you gave an answer I didn't offer you, so that's taking a little dominance over me by not answering the question on my terms. 

So yes, a sub girl could ask the question. But, I think the way that Domme acted with you was bizarre and that she has real issues of some sort. Toxic masculinity in a woman as you say. 

Edit: if anyone asks me if I think they're a top or bottom, I'll automatically say "bottom". Why? Because if she's a Domme, calling her a "bottom" tests her reaction. A good reply would be, "I need a sub girl who knows how to help me prove my manhood." Said confidently, seductively, hands on hips, relaxing and chuckling a little. Then I'd be like, "I'm really sorry if I emasculated you in any way with my clumsy guess, Ma'am. Hey, I'm very femme and I'm a real submissive bottom girl at heart. Is there anything about my appearance you'd change to make me look more feminine? If your perfect girl was making you breakfast in bed, with you like bacon and eggs? Hey I reckon if you're a real stud then if you buy your girl a maid outfit, you should pay for it since you want a heteronormative role as a male provider."
  12. @ShallBePurified: When a cute woman calls me pretty, I'm smitten and it's hard to tell if she's attracted or just being friendly. It's a struggle. 😭
  13. @vornamenachname9662: Top doesn’t equal dominant. And bottom doesn’t equal submissive. It can totally be switches around. Take service tops for example or dominant pillow princesses. ✨
  14. @RoaringSpaceQueen: Dating has been really really hard for me. There is the flirting issue, and the dilemma of who initiates. But also, I am a triple fire sign: Fire to the power of 3. So basically like Lava energy. I can walk into a room and want to disappear or be a wallflower, and yet I can't. Without even wanting to be mean or hog the attention, I suck the oxygen out of the room and there's nowhere to hide. And, from an early age learned I couldn't trust or count on people because the only ones who came around were vampires. Eventually I became hyper self sufficient. I don't need anyone for anything except connection and vulnerability, which is in shockingly low supply among humans. I can usually see straight through most people. Everyone trying to escape life by retreating into the body and carnal desires. People's brains move so slowly that by the time they warm up enough to relax, I've already lost interest. I can't and won't give my body to someone else without the emotional piece. I don't want someone with trauma and shallow narcissistic energy touching me, reducing my worth, for mediocre or bad sex. I need to feel seen and appreciated, not for my lava energy but for who I am and what I value like authenticity, vulnerability and mutual nurturing. And sadly, that's a really really heavy lift for most humans, who are just trying to skate by. People who would up and leave in a heartbeat if their partner or spouse became disabled or developed a terminal illness. I don't care how hot someone is if they're character and integrity are so low that they would leave, regardless of the reason. Knowing you can't handle the emotional toll, is still a coward's way out. Life is intense, and a contact sport, I don't have time to gossip about "low stakes" stuff because my time is valuable and you can't learn anything concrete or real about people when they're spewing bullshit and puffing themselves up.
  15. @andteambaddie: I’m trying to finally put myself out there and it’s STRESSFUL like Taimi app is blowing up to and I’m scared to touch it lmao😭😭😭I think I’m pan but I feel super interested in girls especially lately
  16. @myfanverse4558: Thank you for the time stamps. I am not really active in the community and wanted some explanation. I really appreciate you for letting us learn from your mistakes and experiences.
  17. @Helix_2138: How to flirt with someone if you don't know if they like you like this and you don't want to ruin the realtionship? And how to know that you feel attracted to them, not just like them? Please help 🙏🙏🙏
  18. @BoruMakarna: About the first story, it's very common for masculine women to want the male status quo and the privileges society grants men. Things like men needing to be strong in relationships, having to pay, not crying, etc. are long-standing and formed norms (and of course, they're all nonsense). Such a norm couldn't have developed in such a short time here because some feminine women told masculine women this. However, masculine women must have admired men's ideas, such as belittling femininity, exalting masculinity, the status quo, and the need to be strong. They embrace these ideas. Without things like life success, self-actualization, and achieving things by oneself, which mature a person and develop their understanding of happiness and strength, strength ceases to be about fighting life's problems and instead becomes about not paying the price to the feminine. Emotional intelligence is truly important
  19. @NAMULONDOMADINA-i5o: I need love
  20. @thatrandompainter: I went on a few dates with a girl who I think wanted to be the 'man' in the relationship (without explicitly saying it). One of the things that made me stop going on dates with her was that she wouldn't let me pay ever (even when I explained to her that I wanted to do something nice for her/care for her by taking her out to eat). She paid the bill secretly when she went to go to the bathroom. She thought it was charming. I was fed up and decided we weren't the right fit for each other.

- 10 things I wish I knew before starting (& during) my internship | INTERNSHIP TIPS: Kind: captions Language: en hi everyone my name is Alexis and today I'll be sharing tips for your internship so that you can have a successful summer or whatever you're doing your internship these are advices that I've kind of built up from my own personal experiences or from different professionals and the industry so let's get started number one ask your manager about the clear expectations that they have with you identify clear objectives what you will be focusing on this summer and what that they're looking for in a successful intern this will help you in kind of saving time and learning about what they're looking for instead of you having to guess and spend a lot of time assuming what would make you a successful worker employee in addition to that you should set objectives and goals for yourself so that you can have a successful summer and get out what you're needing from basically you should set a goal in looking for are you looking for a return offer from this company are you looking to gain a specific skill or have a build your network or learn about the position that you're interested in any of these things or all these things make sense but make sure to have think through those before or beginning of your internship and so that you can have a successful summer number two check in frequently with your manager set a set time to meet with your manager periodically throughout your internship but something that could help is having a set time every week so that it's not a surprise or it's not an inconvenience to make time for it but just kind of a set time between you and your manager so that you know how you're doing and that you can get a constructive feedback and learning about your performance and also about how your project is going number three don't be afraid to ask questions if you are stuck or if you have any questions about anything you are not expected to know everything as an intern do spend some time in figuring out trying to solve the problem in your best of abilities but do ask the question if instead of spending all your time or all entire day trying to solve that problem because you could have been more productive with advice but instead you might have spent more time than you need it to be which would kind of hinder your opportunity to grow more and this would be a great time for you to learn so asking those kind of questions would really help you in gaining those insights so ask your manager ask your coworkers Oscar team and this will actually be at your advantage because they know that you are really caring about this problem and engaging and you're passionate about the work that you're doing and what will help in asking these questions would be show them that what you have thought through and how your approach in the solution and the problem has been so that you you are showing that this is the effort that you put in and exactly where you're stuck on which will be easier for them to help you when you share that number four Sun of coffee chats with the people at your company or in your team it's learning and meeting people from different organizations within the company or different teams and within your team with different roles will really help you get to know the company as a whole and your team and beyond that you'll get to know about different opportunities within the company or different projects that are happening which will help you build that network so that you can be participating in that project beyond what was maybe in your team which will be a great opportunity to have that insight what you like and maybe what you don't like another thing is that by having this network of people who know get to know you and that you build relationships with will be great in the sense that they will become your advocates within the company and also even if you're not at the company in the industry as general these people have a lot of network of people beyond the company so this will be a great opportunity to meet those people and take advantage of that for being a part of it just like being a student when you reach out to professionals and tell them hey I'm a student and I really want to get to know your work a lot of people really are willing to help those students and also interns so take advantage of that number five go to the company official events professional or social event a lot of times companies bring in different workshops or different speakers and opportunities like that where for my internship I got to meet the founder of grocer code and a lot of different experts in like behavioral science or co-founder like founders of impressive startups and things like that that I really gained a lot of lessons from so take the advantage of those also along with social events and this is a perfect time where you can enjoy yummy food or also meet people and kind of have that more casual relationship than just like official working relationship so that could be a really good way to get to know people number six so what you want to achieve by daily weekly and throughout your entire summer have a to-do list every morning so that you know exactly what you want to achieve that morning or that day and this will help you keep on track when you get overwhelmed with different kind of tasks or different kind of meetings which is easy to occupy your entire day sometimes and if you are stuck in some things you could easily go to another task to complete that and then get back to the other tops so by having a to-do list will really help you make sure you reach your goal because at work or your internship you'll know that it's really up to you to kind of have those due dates make sure you are in charge of your own time and what you want to accomplish each day number seven to a positive growth - I'd be open to constructive criticism and also showing how you're working on things that you've gotten feedback on showing that progress really helped your team and your manager to see the potential that you have a lot of times you're not expected to know everything but a lot of times they do really appreciate the people who have that kind of fast learning and also that growth mindset where you're continuously putting your work to really better yourself and contribute to the team as a valuable team member so having that positive growth mindset will really make you stand out number eight show and share your positive interest in the company continuously tell share this with your manager when you're meeting with them or other people if your goal is to get a return offer or have a positive feedback from these people showing that you are happy to be here is a big thing because who would kind of want to hire someone who wouldn't be interested in joining anyways and who isn't really enjoying the work here anyways but I think the important thing is having that positive mindset that you are there's always something to learn from it that you can take advantage of no matter what kind of situation that you're put in number nine so this kind of relates to number eight so let's say if you don't like the company or if you don't like the team I think it's important to preserve that throughout the internship in a way that you write it down like what do you like and what do you not like do you have any concerns that is maybe a toxic company culture or things like that you could write that down or if it's a severe thing you could report it in the worst case but if it's something like oh I feel like I'm not getting enough projects think about critically okay have you asked them to get more projects some companies and teams are really good at setting you up those structures but if it doesn't and make sure you reach out and resolve that problem as a little you have but at the end of the day if you have things that you don't like write it down and so that in your next job search you incorporate that into your search so that you really look for those jobs or positions that you would like so if they going out what you don't like and like about is also the part of internship experience and this will help you in your next interviews and next searches why exactly you're wanting to join that company or the position which will make you a very high candidate showing that you have really thought this through number ten so the last advice is that I think this is more applicable than ever for the state of coded 19 when there are a lot of uncertainties in the job market regardless of if you like the company or the job a lot like I love it I think something that has changed is just that that stability or having a job itself is not a guaranteed thing so having this return option where you nail your internship and getting that return offer for your next summer or even full-time is would be a huge leg up for any kind of situation for you so for example you can still recruit even if you get a return on return offer so if you do recruit and get other positions one is that you can leverage this return offer to get a higher salary or higher kind of pay for the other offer or even for this current offer so having that not only safety net but giving you that leverage is a huge deal so make sure that's something that you consider and that you if you do think that's your goal focus on that and that will be very helpful for you in the future hey so those are all the tips that I have for now I did have a lot more in terms of just nitty-gritty things and I can help you navigate different situations but it is so if you have more questions maybe that's more applicable to you and specific feel free to comment down below and also feel free to reach out to me and asking questions I'm looking to provide more information on just kind of navigating internships or recruitment or in the tech industry in general so yeah keep in touch and make sure to LIKE and subscribe this video and I'll see you later [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @giajia [223 likes]: To summarize:
1. Setting clear objectives and expectations for employers and yourself. What are your employers looking for in a successful intern? Don’t just assume.
2. Check in weekly with your supervisor.
3. Ask questions! Try to solve the problem yourself at first, but ask questions if you get stuck.
4. Set up coffee chats with the people on your team.
5. Participate in company events! Professional, social, workshops, etc.
6. Set daily, weekly, and overall summer goals. Have a to-do list for your summer. (time will fly, own your time!)
7. Be open to criticism, show a growth mindset. 
8. Show your enthusiasm! Positive mindset! 
9. Identify what you don’t like about the internship. 
10. Aim to get a return offer! 

+1 I would also add researching the people you’re working with so that you are well-versed in who’s who. Being prepared beforehand makes networking so much easier. 

Thank you for this video!
  2. @SusannCotter [69 likes]: oh man, those first few weeks of an internship can be so slow, right? i remember feeling like i was just floating around. i tried prepping for PM interviews on my own and kept bombing them. then i stumbled upon The Thinksters. back then, they had this free session that really opened my eyes. they helped me see how to talk about my experience in a way that actually made sense. now im in a PM role at a tech company, and it feels surreal. lifes funny like that!
  3. @SkylerBasco [25 likes]: doing an internship for winter break — this video was soo insightful and i’ll definitely keep these tips in mind! thank you so much!
  4. @Whatchalookinattt [13 likes]: I hate being the only intern at my department. My manager has a quite free vibe on the rest of the employees meaning ppl do things their own way. This means, as an intern, I’m getting shxt from everyone for doing sth in ways that others have taught me. Also, strict rules only apply to interns so when I do things the way my supervisors do them, I get shxt from my manager.
  5. @freshstartdaily [11 likes]: I've started internship already for a month now and i am still questioning  what should i do for the next move, my performances, and what i did is it enough or what?  And i think ur video is very helpfull🙏
  6. @zzoinks [8 likes]: Thank you for making this video. You're like a mentor! I'm going to an interview for an internship tomorrow and I hope it goes well. I don't feel 100% prepared, but I feel more prepared for the internship itself now and I know some questions to ask in the interview. 

I just need to study some interview tips. I'm not sure if I will get this internship, but I hope so! If I did mock interviews and more preparation, I could feel more confident going into this interview, but I did do a real interview a few weeks ago. I didn't get that internship, but I still learned from doing that interview what I would expect.
There were probably a lot of factors leading to who they choose for the internship. The last place I interviewed at is my college and they were looking for one student. They prioritize people who are graduating sooner. Maybe I didn't get the internship because I was nervous in the interview, or it was some other things outside my control like how I'm not graduating till next spring. I should stay positive because they can only accept one applicant and me not getting the internship doesn't mean that I did something wrong or I am not qualified.


My friend reminded me I am smart and have the requirements for the internship and he says I will do fine.
  7. @zzoinks [3 likes]: I have a question, were the people you worked with nice?
  8. @PhiwaZulul [2 likes]: Thank you for this video, started my internship three weeks ago and I've honestly felt lost. No communication with my manager on things I'm expected to do, often found myself dwindling on-site.
  9. @AMAAT3RASU [1 likes]: Thank you!! I wish I knew about this video earlier because it's been a month since my internship ended 😅 One thing I learned is that I'm never doing hospitality in a 5 star luxury hotel cafe restaurant again 💕
  10. @zzoinks [1 likes]: By "recruit" at 9:40, do you mean applying for more jobs at different companies?
  11. @gvb3109 [1 likes]: Just finished my resumee with my best pal, next step, applying to internships
  12. @stay.night1: it's just my 3rd day but the worst thing at my internship is that no one tells you to do anything, they just let you exist there. every time i go to ask them what should i do they just say "don't worry about it"
  13. @MotivationalThinkers-on9ed: For students trying to move from classroom knowledge to real industry experience, internship opportunities at Advent Global seem worth exploring. Getting exposure to enterprise level projects early can make a big difference in long term career growth.
  14. @BCPA428Hamna: So relatable! I just started my internship (found it via Hirekingdom) and wish I’d known some of these tips earlier. Thanks for sharing
  15. @flueepwrien6587: started yesterday and I feel like I am lost what to do, this video helped me.
  16. @ArtiloveBts7astr: Didi thank you for your video 👏🏻❤
  17. @EngineerWael: First time onboarding an internship to our SME, this taught me more than a master class could. Understanding the position of the person you are dealing with is very valuable.

Thank you for your clear POV
  18. @madenewministries: Thank you!
  19. @imnotaburrito9365: great advice! love the vid
  20. @jomarisamonte9511: This video is great and nice tips too! If you're looking for a work from home internship, consider applying at The Interns Hub: https://theiithub.com/

- How Do Pilots Pass The Time On Long Flights?: Kind: captions Language: en For most passengers, long-haul flights are&nbsp; a matter of endurance aided by a few drinks,&nbsp;&nbsp; inflight entertainment, and trying to get some&nbsp; sleep between meal services. It is an entirely&nbsp;&nbsp; different matter for the people flying the plane&nbsp; as there are still plenty of things to do even&nbsp;&nbsp; after takeoff. Let’s look at what’s happening&nbsp; on the flight deck during these longer flights… Even though flight paths are decided upon&nbsp; before departure, pilots have to monitor&nbsp;&nbsp; weather conditions and decide whether&nbsp; or not to alter them during the flight.&nbsp;&nbsp; On long-haul flights, weather conditions are&nbsp; more likely to change from initial forecasts,&nbsp;&nbsp; with aircraft often encountering multiple&nbsp; weather systems. These systems can vary in&nbsp;&nbsp; intensity from slight turbulence to dangerous&nbsp; thunderstorms. Traveling at high speeds,&nbsp;&nbsp; pilots must be prepared at all times&nbsp; to alter the flight path if necessary. If, for example, they see a&nbsp; thunderstorm on the radar,&nbsp;&nbsp; they must first get the OK from air traffic&nbsp; control (ATC) to change their route. Clear air turbulence is another worry, and&nbsp; because it cannot be seen on the radar,&nbsp;&nbsp; pilots rely upon the information provided by&nbsp; pilots flying the same route ahead of them. When&nbsp;&nbsp; flying across oceans such as the Atlantic, one&nbsp; pilot's job is to communicate with the ATC while&nbsp;&nbsp; the other monitors a common air-to-air frequency&nbsp; that pilots use to communicate with each other. The entire time a flight is&nbsp; in the air, the pilots monitor&nbsp;&nbsp; all kinds of gauges to ensure that the&nbsp; plane performs how it is supposed to. Making sure that the temperature of the fuel&nbsp; is not too cold is another thing pilots must&nbsp;&nbsp; monitor. If the fuel cools down too much,&nbsp; its flow can be restricted due to waxing.&nbsp;&nbsp; If this happens, pilots can rectify&nbsp; the situation by descending, or by&nbsp;&nbsp; increasing the aircraft's speed (and,&nbsp; thus, its skin temperature). However,&nbsp;&nbsp; this isn't a particularly frequent occurrence,&nbsp; as engine oil helps fuel to retain heat. While one of the pilots monitors all the&nbsp; gauges, the other will be busy taking care&nbsp;&nbsp; of the paperwork. Before the flight, the&nbsp; pilots are given a written flight plan.&nbsp;&nbsp; Anything that deviates from this&nbsp; must be written down as notes. Outside of these important activities,&nbsp; long-haul flying can be very boring for pilots.&nbsp;&nbsp; During cruise phases, pilots will often pass&nbsp; the time by making small talk with one another,&nbsp;&nbsp; or doing some reading. Smartphone games and&nbsp; good old fashioned crossword puzzles might be&nbsp;&nbsp; additional forms of entertainment&nbsp; found on the flight deck. Finally, just like passengers,&nbsp; enjoying inflight meals&nbsp;&nbsp; is another part of the long-haul pilot experience. The pilots typically wait until the passengers&nbsp; have been served and then eat separately.&nbsp;&nbsp; They do this so that there is&nbsp; always one person at the controls. For long flights over twelve hours, there&nbsp; are one or two relief pilots onboard&nbsp;&nbsp; so that the two pilots who performed the&nbsp; takeoff can take a break and get some rest. There are just two pilots on shorter&nbsp; long-haul flights of eight or nine&nbsp;&nbsp; hours. The only opportunity they get to&nbsp; leave their seats and stretch their legs&nbsp;&nbsp; is when they go to the bathroom. Did you know about these long-haul duties and&nbsp; activities? Let us know by leaving a comment.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TATCHIWONG [2 likes]: Tgey play POKERMON😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
  2. @boogie4943 [1 likes]: I'm a pilot. All I did was get blown by heaps of sexy air hostesses. If it was a long haul flight, I'd join the mile high club.😁🤣
  3. @sakredcow [1 likes]: the mile high club...
  4. @unnamedchannel1237 [1 likes]: I used to play candy crush
  5. @AjF392 [1 likes]: Flyers don't pass the time, they LOG the time. 😎
  6. @Emanuel-m9g5u: O
  7. @Boody617: They take turns sucking each other’s cocks
  8. @Xxxx-d4z: THEY ABOUT THEIR FLIGHT ATTENDANTS ALWAYS.
  9. @Ckeete: When I was a pilot, my co-pilot and I once had “fart wars” to pass time.  Don’t ask.
  10. @Velocity8842: Found ts again
  11. @Ze0do0Gas: I hope both pilots don't eat the fish dish
  12. @Ilebuda: I have heard about other activities.
  13. @williamoleary1410: Pass the time? They better be fully focused on every detail of the flight until they land.
  14. @Patriotalliance: Typically they just bitch about pay, schedule and seniority. Ask me how I know...
  15. @shortstoryteller-i5p: We know one thing for sure. They do not endure themselves playing gambling apps to pass the time.  😅
  16. @RammingSpeed-lk8kk: Probably play Microsofy Flight Simulator
  17. @dougmarshall4010: There is a heat exchanger whereby hot oil from the engine keeps fuel at optimal temperature at cruise altitude. It’s all automatic. They put the autopilot on. Any malfunction brings up a visual and audible alarm. They don’t have to do much. At 35,000 feet, there is very little weather to worry about. No rain, no icing, just clear air turbulence.
  18. @austinteutsch: I had an old classmate of mind who flew from LaGuadia to Heathrow, did a layover and then blew back over a 2.5 day.  He ran that route for 13 years and he told me of one co-pilot of his who took a flight attendant into the bathroom, screwed her, and then returned to his seat.  He said that pilot was doing that on almost every run.  Talk about stress reduction!
  19. @ΝικοςΣοφικιτης-λ9φ: Yeahh…right
  20. @willpcs3453: Political discussion keeps you awake.

- Top Story | Florida Hurricane Prep: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome to Union! Union University, where faith and knowledge unite. Preparation. That's been the key word in Florida. Store shelves are looking empty as the state braces for an unwelcome visitor. Milton, the second hurricane to hit the Sunshine State in less than two weeks. Residents have been boarding up buildings for days and waiting in long lines of cars to fill sandbags. Lots and lots of sandbags. Highways were clogged with residents looking to “get out of dodge.” Large swaths of the state are under mandatory evacuation orders based on the storm's predicted path. Residents are being warned that you cannot “wait and see.” “Helene really woke everyone up.” Weather experts at NOAA say Milton is a “multi-hazard event” ... bringing storm surges, flooding and power outages. And high winds will mean flying debris. That's an especially big concern in areas already hit by Helene, where loose debris is everywhere and heaped in piles. The National Guard is deployed, helping to remove it. Milton's intensity has fluctuated the last few days. It's already battered Mexico and is projected to make landfall in the United States near the Tampa Bay area late Wednesday or early Thursday. “It is predicted that it will weaken, but, you know, it was not predicted that it would get this strong to begin with. So we can hope and pray that it does weaken..... But as of right now, this is a ferocious hurricane.” Hope and pray, indeed. If you like that story, do me a favor. Tap the like and subscribe button below. And if you really liked it, check out the full show free for a week. Just head over to WorldWatch.News/freevideo.

- Hurricane Preparation 🌧🌧🌧 // Florida Hurricane Preparedness Kit: Kind: captions Language: en hey zoo family so it's just your average week in Florida blazing hot we are headed out now though to do some supply gathering you see it's hurricane season here in Florida there are three storm systems out in the Atlantic Ocean headed for well our general area you know from like North Carolina all the way down to the Caribbean south of Puerto Rico there's three storm systems that are headed this general direction one of them looks like it's going to go north of Florida one of them is currently headed south of Florida and the other is too far out to tell what its gonna do but that's that's life in Florida you have to be cognizant of how the hurricane season looks and this year is just it's active so far here in September we're gonna do what is normal for people who live in our area of the world and we are going to put together a hurricane survival kit or hurricane supply kit an emergency survival kit and we have a couple of lists one from FEMA one from Red Cross and we basically gather those things usually before hurricane season or or unfortunately some years we're not as prepared and we have to do it as the hurricane is eminent and usually at that point supplies are already getting kind of sparse so we don't want to wait for that we want to be proactive while there's still stuff on the shelves right at Walmart and Home Depot and we want to go and get supplies today also this weekend marks the one year anniversary of us evacuating the first time that we have ever evacuated from any storm was hurricane Erna and because we lived through Charlie and we didn't evacuate there irma scared me so I was like because we didn't evacuate for Charlie we were wondering can we handle it and what you know what is am I gonna do is it really gonna hit us how bad is it gonna be thankfully by the time it hit our house the extreme gusts of wind we're only up to like 60 miles an hour but it scared us enough to evacuate a lot of the state evacuated for her mother's because it was supposed to be very bad thankfully it wasn't we were spared but you just never know you can't you can't assume that's gonna be the case so you got to prepare for the worst and pray for the best yeah it was it was one year ago that's crazy yeah Katie wasn't even home yet we went to visit my sister who when she lives up in Kansas we actually got to spend a really nice time with yeah we really did our boys got to play video games with their boys their children are much older than ours but our kids look up to them and really love so we got to go do that we even took us to a a sunflower farm that was amazing it was really cool I'd never been to a sunflower farm before and that was right at the right time of the year where you know all of those you know they're harvesting honey and these sunflowers are seed ridiculous we have some actually great photos of my life [Music] so this is the type of stuff that you just don't want to hesitate to get prepared you don't want to think oh it won't happen to us you just need to be prepared so that's what we're doing today we're prepping and we're gonna teach our kids about the importance of bearing in mind the state you live in and all the things you got to deal with gonna teach them some natural Floridian life lessons yeah life skills okay number one we need a first aid kit like a really good one - good question Johnson and Johnson I guess they're all gonna have the same stuff right that's probably the best one yeah neosporin oh gosh yes bengay yeah that's probably good one dad we need something like sleeping pills so that way so why do you think we need sleeping pills for the hurricane because the Hurricanes allow overnight and you want to be able to sleep well as a public service announcement you know sleeping pills can kill you that might be a funny joke hahaha sleeping pills isn't that but it's dangerous actually people have died from taking too many sleeping pills so I'll just take one you're not gonna take anything okay we're gonna be wide awake during any hurricane so next we run two flashlights we are looking at the tach brand flashlights because you can like freeze them and ice or like basically water throw them against the wall or boil em in water it's crazy it's like they're the ads Thank You Melanie apparently she's seeing me as seen on TV at one too many times so she's reading it so we're gonna get a bunch of those and then they actually have a version that is a lantern two on a single set of batteries it lasts a hundred thousand hours a hundred thousand hours that's that's crazy so there you go that's we're gonna get we have a bunch of tack lights at home but we're gonna get no we need to get a couple extras that aren't gonna disappear and then one lantern that someone can take if they need to go on a potty break and let's say the power's out and I need to walk across the house or go somewhere in the house and need to go by themself and they need to set it somewhere on a shelf to have light in a room you're gonna get a little lantern - next we need tarps right Katie we are gonna get some heavy-duty nine by twelve tarps and we like to have a couple of them around just you never know we just never know like especially if after the hurricane you have roof damage that's not the time you want to run out and buy a tarp to nail down to your roof huh yeah they wouldn't even have tarps at that point exactly so we're gonna get a couple of those no just you two will be good and we do the heavy duty ones we don't even mess with the medium duty the list also says to get a pair of work gloves that actually really makes sense because you do not want to be scrounging around your garage to find a pair of work gloves if you need to like move a tree or do some kind of yard work because a tree came down or there's something wrong outside your house or or whatever you want to have a good pair of work gloves that are that are never moved and the thing about noticing about the list is a lot of the stuff is stuff you might have around the house you may already have a flashlight the idea is that you buy a flashlight exclusively for emergency situations and you leave it in the emergency kit no one's allowed to borrow from the emergency kit you're not allowed to say oh I need batteries oh you know what I don't want to run to Walgreens for batteries because I know we have batteries in the immersion to kid no that is you can't do that you can't do that so all this stuff is supposed to stay in the emergency kit for emergencies only so it makes sense like I have work gloves at home but I get the point they want you to buy them put them in the kit leave them there for emergencies only okay the next thing the survival kit says to do this is to take your money and at least liquefy about a thousand dollars turn it into gold and keep those bars of gold with your kit I'm kidding it doesn't say to do that but it does say you need to get some kind of kit that you keep this stuff together and so we're looking for Rubbermaid containers something to keep it all in we tried to get our containers they did not have what we want no so we're going to Home Depot for that we found what we want they have it in store apparently they have plenty of them too so we're gonna go to Home Depot for those we do need to get non-perishable food and blankets yeah what else a little bit I'm not gonna buy like a whole stack until I know that the storm is right we don't want to spend too much money or here's another thing we're not gonna get is water we're not gonna worry about buying that until right before something is eminent because you don't want your water to go stale for too long and you get so much of it one gallon per person per day and that's for both drinking and hygiene purposes we're obviously not gonna stock all that up right now but we will eventually when a storm becomes eminent so at this point we will be stocked with everything that is emergency preparedness it's kind of like being in warm mode or cold mode cold preparedness hot preparedness would be we have everything right but we're kind of like gonna be in that cold to warm flashlights and batteries those are the first things to go that's absolutely true you know being cold prepared or warm prepared is better than being no not prepared at all so okay so I'm right here under a sunlight I went to vlog and I'm like where's that light coming from it's heavenly I wish all my vlogging light could be like this I'm right under a sunlight so I am here getting fleece blankets why not go big right fleece blankets because if we're terrified in a hurricane we might as well be comfortable in fleece pick out a blanket man help me pick out some blankets plush fleece blankets they're not bad here they're only like he goes Timmy look at the look at the witches go say hi to them I dare you to walk up and touch them [Laughter] Gary look at this dragon look at that man Justin Hilton needs to get some of this stuff in his yard no no no don't touch you're gonna break him you're gonna break him so we're supposed to be here getting our hurricane prep stuff and we're looking at werewolves and Dragons crazy creepy stuff mommy's finding easy ways to do pumpkins this year oh that's really cool glow-in-the-dark pumpkin stuff that's cool show him what we found and the kids all love it thank goodness like you can turn your pumpkin into jack or turn your pumpkin into me that's what Mickey looks like at the pumpkin isn't that so Caleb's Batman Katie wanted Minnie Mouse there's Minnie Mouse Minnie Mouse pretty cool to simplify the pumpkins this year okay everybody come on come on we got to go look for actual hurricane prep stuff come on come on come on let's go let's go let's go scary

  Top Comments:
  1. @akashligal578 [3 likes]: Please, take care i am worried about you all🙏🙏😓 be safe
  2. @heatherjasper97 [1 likes]: If properly stored, water can last indefinitely. Just store it in a cool, dry place that either has no light or keep the water in opaque containers. And keep it off of concrete. The only thing is that the water might get stale, so just swish it around or pour it back and forth between containers for a minute or two to refresh it.
  3. @sarahberden [1 likes]: I’m just wondering, if you have been in other hurricanes. Why don’t you have a prepardness kit already?
  4. @Beets532 [1 likes]: Did I see guns in the back at 5.15?? In a supermarket, for sale?? Woah
  5. @zainh8742 [1 likes]: At 10:56 I saw an elephant
  6. @ArvindGuptaDiary [1 likes]: Nice
  7. @beautyofdawn9565: We have to prepare for ice storms, major blizzards where roads can be blocked for days, and electricity can be knocked out (bad news for the furnace). We also get tornadoes in the summer. Gotta prep year round!
  8. @brittaniesidebottom: Making a kit exclusively for emergencies is actually a really good idea. I’ve never lived through a hurricane living in Indiana, but we have tornadoes multiple times a year. A few have even hit my town and one year a pretty big one wiped out some of our businesses and took out the bathroom of one of my church friends too. Luckily she or her grandkids weren’t anywhere near that part of the house and were ok. I’m going to use y’all’s advice and make an emergency kit for when we get a tornado and have to hunker down because of it. I absolutely love y’all and watching your videos!! 😊❤️
  9. @lisakulolziz1178: What creeps me out the most is heights and is the hurricane over by the way which hurricane was it
  10. @anthonywetherall5726: What up
  11. @killallevil1854: WAIT.......WATER GOES STALE?!?!?!?!?
  12. @peacefulmeadows247: I’m watching videos before my teacher starts the lesson lol don’t worry I’m an A+ student and I love school but I love the zoo family too
  13. @jollybbjolly5016: Date 16/09/18...LOVE YOU GUY'S...KEEP ON ENJOYING...KEEP ON SHOOTING...👍👌
  14. @alliwysocki7110: Are you still posting on Behind the Zoo?
  15. @artfromjustme: I hope that your family and all others are fine!❤
  16. @ankurkulkarni904: Perfect defination of both your oldest kids. An Elven-maid there was of old,
A shining star by day:
Her mantle white was hemmed with gold,
Her shoes of silver-grey.

A star was bound upon her brows,
A light was on her hair
As sun upon the golden boughs
In Lórien the fair.

Her hair was long, her limbs were white,
And fair she was and free;
And in the wind she went as light
As leaf of linden-tree.

Beside the falls of Nimrodel,
By water clear and cool,
Her voice as falling silver fell
Into the shining pool.

Where now she wanders none can tell,
In sunlight or in shade;
For lost of yore was Nimrodel
And in the mountains strayed.

The elven-ship in haven grey
Beneath the mountain-lee
Awaited her for many a day
Beside the roaring sea.

A wind by night in Northern lands
Arose,and loud it cried,
And drove the ship from elven-strands
Across the streaming tide.

When dawn came dim the land was lost,
The mountains sinking grey 
Beyond the heaving waves that tossed
Their plumes of blinding spray.

Amroth beheld the fading shore
Now low beyond the swell,
And cursed the faithless ship that bore
Him far from Nimrodel.

Of old he was an Elven-king,
A lord of tree and glen,
When golden were the boughs in spring
In fair Lothlórien.

From helm to sea they saw him leap,
As arrow from the string,
And dive into the water deep,
As mew upon the wing.

The wind was in his flowing hair,
The foam about him shone;
Afar they saw him strong and fair
Go riding like a swan.
  17. @aditidongare3357: Sleeping pills for hurricane 😂😂😂😂
  18. @Saravananbakthan17: I heard the wind force is going to be 120-140 kmph hope its not in mph...2 years ago we faced such a Strom which went 160kmph approx ie around 100 mph..It was the worst didn't have electricity for a week and it left us with a lot of damage...All our prayers with you all stay safe...
  19. @xoticeyes: Be careful 🙏🏼💛
  20. @bidyachan: 😍 cadie taking care of her brother TimBo 😍

- Hurricane Survival Story: Why Hurricane Preparedness Matters: Kind: captions Language: en In the fall of 2012, Hurricane Sandy formed, ravaged the Caribbean, and powered through the Mid-Atlantic, bringing high wind, coastal flooding, and even snow at higher elevations. Sandy continued north, merged with another storm caused by the polar jetream, then pounded ashore on October 29th near Atlantic City as a rare supertorrm. The storm combined with a full moon and high tide to amplify record-breaking storm surge and drove seawater into lower Manhattan. Roads, tunnels, and subway lines flooded. Power went out and residents were left trapped and in the dark. Along the Jersey Shore, trees toppled onto power lines. Fastmoving water flooded streets and crashing waves destroyed homes that had survived foul weather for decades. The storm shredded iconic landmarks like the Seaside Heights boardwalk leaving shell shocked residents and a debelined beach behind. With more than 68 billion in damages and 286 lives lost in seven countries, Sandy had left her mark. Look at this. They had to break it up to get it out of the street. All of these houses on this street are gone but two. In Union Beach, New Jersey, the Sohaki family was unaware that their home would be no match for the powerful storm because the 1940s bungalow had survived nor easterers for nearly 75 years. But as Sandy approached, they started to realize that this one would be different. I wanted to prepare because the warnings were stronger than any other storm we'd had. This one seemed a lot different and I just wanted to get some things over next door to my mom's house where it would be safe. Between the two families, there are 11 animals. Leaving them behind to evacuate would probably not be something that could be easily dealt with. Around 4:00 in the afternoon, with the wind picking up and my concern about the wind against the structure itself, I suggested that it maybe be best that we move the animals and ourselves next door to my mother-in-law's reinforced concrete house. 7 years before, Seth and Karen helped her mom build a new home next door to their bungalow. They built it with concrete because concrete is energy efficient and lowmaintenance. It was simple to erect. You stack these blocks up like Legos. You put in reinforcing bars as you stack them. And then once the wall height is reached, you have your wall shape. You pour concrete in, it sets up, and you're finished with a insulated strong concrete wall. The concrete home that he built for his mother-in-law was a three-story home built to current coastal construction standards. By building with insulating concrete forms, he was getting high R value from the insulation that's in the wall assembly. What he was getting in addition to that was the high wind resistance that comes with reinforced concrete. It's really the strongest material you can use for residential construction. Seth and Karen knew her mother's new home would save money on energy and maintenance, but they never imagined it would mean the difference between life and death by saving them from the storm. Over the course of the evening, the Sohackis watched from the concrete home as their beloved bungalow next door was torn off its foundation by the violent waves. The waves were getting taller as it was getting nearer to high tide. The wind was starting to rip pieces of siding off our house. I looked out the window and saw the cars were gone. And then within a half hour, I looked out another window on the other side and realized our house was gone and that all the houses around us were gone. Once the storm passed, the Sohakis emerged from their refuge next door to see what was left of their bungalow, and the only thing remaining was the foundation. Everything else around them was destroyed, except for the concrete home. This town is is destroyed. You knew it just by looking at this one street and just looking glancing inward up one block, you could see the devastation was everywhere. It was as if the world had suddenly decided to pick everything up and just put it somewhere else. Concrete house was fine. The concrete house was standing. It didn't suffer any damage that I could see other than cosmetic to the exterior and the garage doors which were open. A storm like this that we never thought could happen can indeed happen. Being in this house was the greatest thing that we could have done. And I'm glad that we had this house to come to next door because I felt utterly secure inside this home. Never take things like this lightly. Always be prepared for the worst. For 15 years, we've been sharing the tale of two homes that unfolds in every disaster. One home survives and one does not. Seth and Karen's powerful story of resilience tells the tale and its life-saving lesson yet again. We have choices when building and choosing our homes. And we can have it all. Savings, strength, but most importantly, safety and survival. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @jerrykass5913 [4 likes]: How do you do plumbing and wiring and related repairs and additions with concrete walls?  I built a home on the shore pre-Sandy with an 8 foot high reinforced concrete foundation that served as a 2.5 car garage and basement and the rest was 2X6 construction with hurricane ties, etc and the home was one of only 2 homes on the block that had less than $1,000 in total damage to the home.  The village originally fought me on it for 6 months as they thought it wouldn't look good, but I won.  After it was built and pre-Sandy they loved it, gave me an award (appeared in a local paper) and offered me a spot on the planning and zoning boards.
  2. @augustreil [3 likes]: Simple question. How do you keep the roof, shingles etc from blowing apart ?
  3. @786otto [1 likes]: Good job on ICF house. Unfortunately most Americans will go with contractor who;s  offer is $3 doll less to build it , out of substandard materials ,but make sure it looks good .
  4. @endtimesprophecy1473: God truly bless them for saving and thinking about all of their animals. If I were in their shoes, I would have done exactly the same thing. Perhaps our loving God smiled upon them that day too.
  5. @jerrypruitt2434: Reminds me of the three little pigs. These white people are bragging about their house when people died around them tragically. Screaming for help while the son laughs at them through the window. Look at us we survived yay
  6. @elpipoejela..83: I lost my toyota camry..
  7. @MEMEFACE6: Me and my family lived in midtown when we were in mahatan I was two months old and the power was off and the roof almost fell of i was two months when it happened
  8. @UnknownGuest220: I was 12-13 years old when this happened I honestly don't know what happened still collecting information about the Storm
  9. @colechapman6976: I was still in high school at this time and My town was not by the shore. It was 45 minutes from Downtown Manhattan in Bergen County. Despite this, we still lost power for several weeks and had downed trees everywhere. Flooding was a big issue too. Even my town's Highschool track was inundated with water. My parents house was up on a hill, so thankfully we didn't suffer much flooding. It was the wildest storm that I lived through and i still remember the winds noise all these years later
  10. @keithwarner6997: So glad this happened
  11. @keithwarner6997: Burn. ....
.keepers
  12. @keithwarner6997: Nice. Nj the worst.   I hope some cops w those hats.  Passed.     The god.  See ya don't want to be ya.    Nj cops should burn in hell.    Still didn't pay tkt ,600.    Thirty five yrs ago lol
  13. @robertgarrett1593: When Hurricane Sandy came, boy did she show her watery ass. The after math massive.
  14. @Artofficial1986: omg its a commercial lmao
  15. @rangamimg223: Wow
  16. @darthvader5300: Ever heard of Smeaton cement mortar and when gravel is added it is transformed into Smeaton concrete? Mortar is when a cement binder is only mixed with sand. But when one adds gravel to the mortar mix before adding water, then only then it becomes concrete. The Smeaton mortar base at the abandoned foundation is still as good as new AND UNAFFECTED BY SEAWATER AND BY THE COASTAL MARINE CONDITIONS. It was only abandoned because the natural rock foundation below it was being eroded by the Atlantic waves pounding against it for 200 to 300 years. It is a mixture of equal volumes of 1 part slaked lime + 1 part powdered blast furnace iron slag + 1 part clay powder. The powdered blast furnace iron slag is pulverized, crushed, grinded, and milled to be as fine as baby powder or face powder or bleached white flour powder and at that stage of ultrafiness it will dissolve in water just like the slaked lime powder and clay powder.That Smeaton cement binder mixture is then mixed with sand and gravel at a volume of a ratio of 1 part Smeaton cement binder + 2 parts sand + 4 parts gravel. Smeaton cement binder is also a hydraulic cement that hardens and cures underwater and undersea water. At least that Smeaton cement binder has been time-tested and time-proven for 200 to 300 years!
  17. @markkroif4552: This is glorious, I been tryin to find out about "how to survive a hurricane on a deserted island" for a while now, and I think this has helped. Ever heard of - Genaniel Ponebastian Framework - (should be on google have a look ) ? It is a smashing exclusive product for discovering how to survive natural disasters without the headache. Ive heard some super things about it and my partner got great results with it.
  18. @metekavruk_Alanya: We use only concrete for ages. There are of course bad sides too if you do not be carefull. 

#1 enemy to concrete is water. When two meets together concrete will crack and leak water. Bad isolation of foundation will cause water climb up, specially basement floors will get wet and throw paint and any plaster layer off. You will always have dark green colors on walls and will smell terrible. Water leakage and dump also may occur around window frames even if you sealed them tight. Roof is also very important. Bad roof will bring dump at top floor and ceiling. Plastic sealers must be refreshed when their time comes. You have good external wall isolation which is perfect. 

A concrete house will always move because of it's weight so  your base soil and foundation both must be rigid. There are many luxury houses cracking from middle because of bad foundation, bad reinforcing. But small movements are normal as long as there is no cracks on main critical structure - no panic. Also wall bricks seperation from concrete structure may occur and is normal if happens once, repeating ones mean trouble. In this video i see soil is wet because of sea level so bad construction will definately cause the problems i mentioned above.

You can not drill big holes on pillars as it will cause loose in rigidity and never cut any reinforcement steel bar for renovation. You should not remove a pillar.

Plumbing, wiring etc must be preplanned before pouring the concrete because cutting main structure later randomly may cause troubles. Engineers must design routes and agree with you. Spend time on planning. Wirings will go through plastic pipes buried in concrete or wall bricks so plan it earlier and TAKE A COPY OF ELECTRICITY AND PLUMBING PROJECT.

A concrete structure will age in  time depending on quality and conditions. A bad structure will show defects say in 10 - 20 years ,  a good one will last for 30-60 years. More floors mean more pillars, beams and so more stress on structure. Old buildings may have linear cracks and fall of concrete off in some parts. Humidity also is a reason for this.Experts must check the latest condition and decide on necessary fixes. If steel reinforcements become visible then do not insist on saving the house, just destroy it because it is already dead.

I am a real estate agent - not an engineer so please ask your engineer questions for more accurate info.There are many types of concrete chemical with different characteristics.
  19. @darthvader5300: The styrofoam should had been replaced with aerate AAC concrete foam pre-mixed with wollastonite to make it more ductile and even make it even better than styrofoam which is plastic. And the concrete mix must be pre-mixed with either 33.33 degrees angle double twisted steel fibers that are 33 twistings long or with helix steel fibers to doubly reinforce the concrete together with conventional steel rebars. The weakest spot of any steel fiber reinforced concrete are in the in between liquid pourings because their steel fibers are not intertwined and interlocking continously with each other if the pouring is not continuously monolithic and non-stop until all the molds are filled and fitted with powerful mold vibrators. Especially the weakest spot when the next liquid pouring is poured on an already solidified portion of the steel fibers reinforced concrete that prevents the steel fibers of the solidified steel fiber reinforced concrete and the steel fibers reinforced freshly poured concrete from intertwining and interlocking with each other. This the need for conventional steel rebars reinforcement with conventional rebar spacing modified to accommodate the steel fibers to flow between them and around them with the aid of concrete superplasticizers and powerful aquare shaped concrete probe vibrators and concrete mold vibrators.
  20. @johnLjelks: If erosion undercut just 1 concrete wall or corner, that house would have fallen under its own weight.

- We Were Inside Hurricane Milton | FULL CHASE: Kind: captions Language: en [music] There's no way to candy coat this. This is about as bad as it gets. Today, Milton became the strongest storm anywhere on the planet. This is definitely the storm of the century. A threat like we have never seen on the west coast of Florida in modern times. I mean, it is about as strong of a hurricane as you will ever see. So, we know the storm surge is going to be a huge problem. You have to go somewhere away from that surge. If you remain there, you could die. All right, Cam gang. It is 5:22 in the morning. We just woke up like 20 minutes ago. Stormchaser Chad is outside. He is picking us up. We're about to go chase Hurricane Milton. Last night, it went under eyewall replacement. It's going under rapid intensification, so it could be a very high-end category 5. We have a 16-hour trip on our way to Hurricane Milton in Florida. We got to load up all of our stuff into Chad's truck. You ready, bro? I'm ready. I'm about to get my stuff. Yes, sir. Stormchaser Chad is right there. Oh, there it is. All right, let's get all this stuff loaded up, bro. You ready? I got my Minions blanket [music] and my pillow. We're about to go uh go outside and see Chad. Ready, boss. What's up? Yes, sir. [laughter] What up, boy? Good morning. Wait, wait, wait. Oh, good morning with the fart. Hey, we're going to have to call him Ko. Kano fart. Chad, good morning. Good morning, my boy. You ready for this KO? Yes, sir. You ready for this KO? No, I ain't ready for this Kaneo. Tell everybody on the radio, go ahead and seek shelter. They're coming here. They must think that landfall is intimate. You ready? No, I ain't ready for this KO. This one's going to be I feel a little rusty. The trio is back together. Um, he said not smart to be on the island right here. Let's go. Chad, you see those gas jugs? We might need some more. Yeah. Oh, yeah. The gas in the back. No gas. I'm going to start loading up. All right. All right, guys. So, this right here is an inflatable kayak. Where the cat go? Check it out, Chad. Inflatable kayak just like an Ian. Hey, except for this time we ain't just going to be riding inside the parking garage. Oh, no. Be floating down the street. Oh, yeah. Very well. Could be a gator in these waters. Um, I'm out here loading up the truck and uh all I see is a Grinch being held up through the window. Not sure what's going on in there. Okay, so Chad doesn't know it yet, but we're [music] bringing fake Chad with us. The Grinch Chad. Check it out. Look at your face there, Chad. All right, we're bringing Grinch Chad. Dude, he just came out of the dark. I can't even see you. All I see is his face. Face and it looks like you're talking. [laughter] That's awesome. Ko gang. It looks like I'm not going to be alone back here this time. No, I got a few friends. You got me. You're handed. You got a friend in me. [laughter] We're taking you to the KO game. Look at that gas, Chad. What are you talking about? Got six miles to eat, dog. Already? I don't know what you're talking about. We ain't even started this chase. Wow. And we're about to run out of gas. That's why we got tanks in the back, don't we? We made it to the gas station with uh one mile to spare. We were almost stranded. Hey, show me. KO game. Yeah, Ko game. Oh, and Ian, I have way more room in the back seat. Now, it's pretty packed now. So, uh, the reason being is because we could be stuck wherever we're at for a few days. So, this time around, we got we're a little more prepared. Guys, this is one of those gas pumps that uh takes forever. Yeah, you have to hold it the whole time. So, Chad's just going to be here for a while. Me and Mark are going to go off and do our own thing. All right, Chad. Good luck. America gang. America. Guys, look how massive this flag is. Is that crazy or what? Beautiful. Now imagine 100 plus mph wind. 100 plus mph winds. And you expect him to hold that? You going to have some fun, boy? We're going to see how that goes. Huh, Chad? Mr. America's going to be testing. You already know I brought my America uh Mr. America uniform outfit. Uniform. you. I'm going to end up being a superhero for the KO game. [laughter] All right, Chad, can we talk about the sheer size of this hurricane and where we're going? So, our initial projection is to head towards Tampa. May end up back in Pua Gorta where last Cat 5 we intercepted place. So, it's like it's a round two all over again. But, uh, this one, it's a little bit different. It's going to be a beast. Um, [music] looking at maybe lowend, high-end cat. That that that was Did you do you taste it? No, I felt it like my truck was like, "Oh, it vibrated. It vibrated the entire truck." Back to what I was saying. But yeah, you got another one in store. I know you got another one. Told you. But he would have interrupted my conversation yet again with that. Anyway, what you got? I [laughter] getting you ready. Imagine when we're sitting in that parking garage with nowhere to go with with 70 plus mileph winds. Nah, it it would just be like a little breeze. Mhm. What was that? No. Nope. But um I'm I'm expecting highend cat 4 just like what Hurricane I was. Yeah. Where our destination could lead us is on the eastern edge which is going to put us in the storm surge where they have upgraded it from 8 to 10 ft to now 12 to 15 to maybe even 18 ft. I haven't checked this morning yet. That parking garage may be a lifesaver. Oh, a lake. A lake. [laughter] We literally could take some just cast out in the parking lot and who knows we may catch up. Chad, how are we still getting gas, bro? Dude, I was on one mile empty. This thing holds 25 gallons [laughter] at one time. I did put 26 in here and I don't put Hold up. How you not this baby is thirsty when she puts 26 gallons up in here? Only holds 25. Here we go. 25 gallons right now and going. And it's about to hit 26. So, back to the hurricane. Yeah, it made history. It is now one of the largest hurricanes to ever be in the Gulf. Isn't that right, Chad? 26. Oh, perfectly 26. Nice. That was wonderful. That is beautiful. Good job, Chad. Anyway, oh, back to his Yeah. where it's potentially aiming to make landfall could be one of the strongest in over a hundred years in Florida's history to make impact. But it's going to be bad. We just want to make a video for you guys to enjoy. But our thoughts and prayers are with everybody. We hope that everyone stays safe. Now, let's get on the road. Come here. I'm coming. Come on, Matt. Chad's showing us his lunch box. Look at this. You want to see some NATO juice or some cano juice? [laughter] Let's see it. Chad's loaded up. I guarantee it. How much do you think Chad has in his lunch box? Comment below. How many Red Bulls are in here? Okay, let's see. and Sunny D. Oh, and Sunny D. And Pepsi. And Pepsi. But wait, look what's below. Oh, look at that. So many. Oh my gosh. 11. And I've already drank one this morning. So, if we're stranded, Chad's going to survive on NATO juice. I will be able to push this truck through the water wherever we're going to get to safety because of the NATO juice. Chad don't even need to sleep at all because of how much NATO juice he has. Chad is superhuman, guys. All right, guys. Remember how Dantis said he was flying in or uh shipping in all kinds of gas so they wouldn't have any shortages? Yesterday, there were reports from all over Florida that they were completely out of gas. People are stranded on the side of the interstate. People are running out of gas. Uh and it's becoming an issue. That is crazy. Isn't it crazy? I mean, everybody everybody is literally evacuating. I' i've seen several videos now. Even the news media are picking up. Everybody is leaving. Look, it still goes. We're going to make sure we have gas. Yes. We're going to stop way ahead of time to make sure we are topped off and buy more gas jugs. Yeah. We may need one or two more just to be on the safe side. That is crazy to think about almost an entire state being out of gas. That's unheard of. They said it's the largest uh statewide evacuation they've had in many years. Uh Chad, you're going to be you're going to be happy about this one. We uh we have new wipes just in case we need to take a deuce. That's good. That's good. We uh we definitely be taking some deuces. Look at the sunrise, guys. We got up before the sunrise and now we're getting to watch it. And then our uh American flag is currently unraveling in the back. Yep. So, we got to stop and fix that. Got style points for it, though. It looks cool, guys. The American flag is flagging back there. Chad just said it's like a cape for Chad's truck, and I agree. Here we go. We can get started. Tomato juice. Oh, cano juice. Ko juice. Ko juice. KO juice. That first sip of the KO juice for the chase. Oh, that tastes like a cat five right there, baby. Oh, that's how you know it's going to be a grape chase, guys. Yes, sir. Oh, man. Well, guys, we should probably fix that. We probably can have that. Mr. America has to have that flag. Go, go, go. Pick stop. Pick stop. He hasn't even had a KO juice. Just imagine when he drinks the KO time. Be stop record. Was that a record, Chad? That was a uh potentially a world record. Beat potentially. He said potentially. We don't know yet. Give me an American flag and some duct tape. I can do anything. I can land on the moon right now with that cows. Hey cow, get out of Get out of the way, cows. They're gone. But they're they're not even near the hurricane. I don't know what I'm doing. What am I doing? Know about the hurricane. Scare them more than they need to be. They don't even know about There's probably a tornado coming for them. But [laughter] well guys, the sun has risen. It is officially day. Okay, gang. Check this out. That right there is Tampa Bay. And as of right now, it's showing the eyewall of this hurricane hitting Tampa Bay. Our parking garage is right in here. So, we're going to get the best possible location for storm surge and wind. Look at that. That was awesome. Check out that on the back. Wonder what he's doing. Oh, is he a crop? He's on the ground basically. Oh, that's so cool. There he is, guys. [music] Look at him over there. Look, Dustin, dude. That's a perfect shot. [music] Wow. It couldn't have been any better. Oh, [music] he's coming. Oh, there it is. That guy is good at what he does. He's good at what he What kind of plane is that? Put it in the comments below. that is awesome. Trout duster. All right, guys. Check it out. This is the storm surge we're looking at here where we're going to be. It's going to be 12 ft. There's me, Matt, and Chad. Mark's holding my hand to keep me safe. And then Matt's holding Mark's hand cuz they brought us It kind of looks like girls, but you know, we're not going to It's the metaphor of, you know, everybody working together as a team. Look, look. The the point of this was that's going to be us. We're going to be all the way. We're going to be on the roof. From what the latest is showing is 100 a.m. Thursday morning is when direct impact is taking place. All right, Chad. Hurricane Milton. This is nothing short of astronomical. This is a uh meteorologist. says, "I am at a loss for words to meteor meteor meteorologist meteorologically meteor meteorologically." I know what you're talking about. That one described you 897 mibar pressure with 180 mph max sustained winds and gusts of [music] 225 mph. This is now the second strongest hurricane ever recorded by pressure on this side of the world. The eye is tiny at nearly 3.8 [music] mi wide. Here's the big part. This hurricane is nearing the mathematical limit of what Earth's atmosphere can produce. Yes, there is a mathematical limit and we are nearing that. Meteorologist Noah Bergen, Fox Orlando. Mindblowing. It could be world record like record-breaking today. And we're chasing it. We're going to be in it. The trio. We're going to be dead center and the surge everything. I've honestly never seen clouds like that before. Like that wavy that I just That's super weird. Chad's got his swim [music] juice. Nice. Now it's an all you can eat buffet. Safely crack open this. Come on. Watch me struggle to get this open. You missed. [laughter] You missed the mouth. So [laughter] go swim gems. I haven't met Snap. Mhm. Your go-to stormchasing for Stormchaser Take us to the KO. All right, KO gang. We are at Walmart. Here we are. There's the truck right there. We're at Walmart. We're about to go in get another gas can cuz we're expecting we're going to probably need it. We already have two, but we're going to get another one just in case. Just in case. Just in case. And we're going to get some more supplies and then uh final touches. And then we'll the last haul. We're literally halfway to our destination in Mobile, Alabama. So, this is going to be the last little bit of pit stop before we um we enter the war zone. Let's go, guys. Can't no gang. The helmet is still like, dude, it ain't bro. Oh, wow. Yeah. Check it out, guys. We got two helmets. We got the kayak, paddle, uh gas jugs, the kayak, and then check out Stormchaser Chad. Watch me on YouTube. Go subscribe. Go subscribe to Chad. Yes, sir. Oh my god, it's Stormt. About to go get some groceries. That hat is Chad. It really is. That's a nice hat. Look at that. Just screams That just screams It does. Got the buggy, Chad. Ko gang, we've spotted the gas cans. We need one more big gas can or two [music] small ones. So, basically the two gas cans. Oh, yeah. That's it right there. Boom. Is that uh you want to get that one or is that the biggest? So each gas can will give us about 50 miles of gas. But this one should give us Well, you get 17 * 5. Oh, you get 17 miles to the gallon. 17.4 something like that. Maybe 16, which even that is still 50 60 miles times that times three if we have three of them. So that's over almost right at 200 miles. All right. So, we're out here shopping for [music] stuff for Hurricane Milton. You know, we got to get the NATO juice. Yeah. Follow me. So, they're out of the NATO juice. Probably because everyone wants to buy NATO juice. Of the right one. Yeah. So, we're just going to buy a few of them. Yeah. Yeah. We're going to buy a few. And we just [music] bought Walmart out of the NATO juice. Hey, what' you call it? Nato. Chano juice. That's Kano juice. You want to redo that all over? No, no, no, no. That's fine. That'll go in. Let's keep it moving. Matt, you already know we're getting the chocolate cookies. Ko dough. Let's go. Anything else? Oh, beef jerky. Beef jerky. Oh, I need some more. Chad had to restock on a slim jump. I had I had to restock on my slim. I think you have a problem. I want them to sponsor us. Okay. Slim J. Get Get Chad some help. Sponsor Mark A. Boss. I just snagged some uh protein bars. Yeah. How about that? All right, guys. We think we just finished getting everything we need. We have most of the supplies. We have like eight highowered flashlights already. Oh, I'm so sorry. I love You look so beautiful. You're very welcome. Uh what was I saying? Eight powered flashlight. Oh, yeah. We already have flashlights, so we're good on that. Oh, nice. Um we have most of the supplies now. We just got to get inside of Hurricane Milton. Chad, have you ever tried a Feastable chocolate bar? Bro, honestly, I have not. Well, I'm about to try one. Let's get one. Which kind? I'm thinking the peanut butter sounds good. You should eat it in a hurricane. I'll do that. That's good. I You know what? I'm going to get multiple. Going to get two peanut butter cookies and cream. Oh, wait. Let's get Oh, wow. That looks good. Fast and a hurricane. Hey, world's best world's best chocolate. We're going to put it to the test. Could get a dancing cactus. dancing cactus out there would be so cool. Take us to the Ko. We're going to make it say, "Take us to the KO." I love you, Kano gang. Dang, boys. Look at that beautiful truck over there. It says, "Subscribe to Stormchaser chat." Wow. [laughter] Lights on top. Oh, shoot. I bet they light up. Hey, I wonder if we'll see them later. Oh, they definitely be lighting up in the sky. Going to leave the waters in the back. Yeah. Shad is just a little bit heavy. Obviously, gas can in the back. Oh yeah, gas can. Play is still doing perfectly fine. Oh yeah, ice chest. Put some stuff in it. Yes, sir. Yeah, that goes in there, too. Bro, I'm so excited to put that kayak in the water. That's going to be cool. All right, good to go. Want to put it back in the same spot? Everything else going in? Yep. This goes in the I can put this in my side door that goes up front and buggy over there. Boom. Oh yeah. That's to go. This thing is going to be awesome. [groaning] Matt, say hello to my dancing cactus. Guys, we're here filling up the kenno truck. All right, Mark. Let's get it. Let's do it, dog. First going to fill up the truck. This is one of our last time. Actually, we we fill it [music] one more time before we get to Tampa. Yes. Which is how many hours are we? Six. Yeah. So, here we go. And then we're about to fill these gas [music] cans up and uh we'll be set. We drove a total of like 16ish hours [music] to get to Tampa. That's what we will do. Yeah. We're on hour 10. We got 6 hours left. Bro, you know what I see over there? What? Look at that. See that over there? You see that? Waterburg. [music] That's water burger. No, I'm zooming in. I couldn't see your face cuz I'm zooming into her. That's what we're about to eat. Dang. That's what we about to eat. We're coming for you. Waterburger aka Kano Fuel. Coming at you, Milton. [music] Milton. Mr. America's on his way. And my flag is even bigger this time. Hey Chad, you missed the spot. Where? Right there. No, right there. You missed it. You hear that? That that's squeaky clean. No. No. Missed it. It's right there. listen. Listen, listen, listen. Uhuh. Let me get a closeup. Oh, I didn't do it that time. Let's try one more time. Get it. Oh, I did. Oh, there it goes. There it is. I can confirm she's clean. Ready for hurricane milk. [music] Beautiful, Chad. Good work. Hey, how about you press that gas can? That's what I was about. I was coming over here and do that, boy. About to fill up the gas can. Wait, don't hang up. Aiming that at me is kind of scary. You want some gas? No, I'm good. I don't need any gas. Thank you, though. Here we go. 3 2 1 Boom. Look at that beautiful gas. Dang, Chad, we got a little bit more. We're getting fully fully topped up. Look at that. 30 gallons. 30 gallons. At one time, I did put 26 in here. 26 in here. She holds 26. How did she do that? All right, here we go. 15.3. [music] How we looking, boys? Looking good. We got all the gas we need. It's time to go eat and then head to Tampa. Let's go. All right. Look at that beautiful water burger. Boys, it's time to grub. Let's go. I'll get your door. Oh, thank you. Thank you. Yeah, that's that's my food, Chad. Hey, this is how it's done. This is how it's done here, Chad. This is how it's done, Mark. Thank you very much, sir. Chad, that's how it's done. Got to be polite. I'll take a bite for the camera. Little wet. All right, back on the road. This guy posted quickest I have seen a metropolitan area run out of gas. But this is one of the largest hurricane evacuations in Florida history. Wow. Ahead of Hurricane Milton. That world's running out of gas. That's crazy. Good thing we have three 5gallon what are they called? Uh, gas cans. Three five gallon gas cans. Let's go. All right. I got the Kano cactus out. Let's see. We can press a button and he'll say what I say. All right. I got the cactus out. Hey, he said it already. Say what I say. You have to do it before and then press it. It records the last like 5 seconds. All right. How about this? Are you Take us to the Kano. No. Take us to the cano. Say look. Say it right now. Stop. And now say take us to the cano. Take us to the cano. Now click it. What the freak? You didn't saved it. You saved Mark. Huh? You saved it cuz now I was like, "Oh, maybe hold it now." Take us to the cano. Take us to the cano. It's a wacky cactus, man. Take us to the There we go. Happy birthday to you. What? Whose birthday is it? you better know Kano Cactus is going to be out inside of the category 5. That was me. That is awesome. That is so cool. He's mocking us, bro. Yeah. Woo! Woo! Take us to the KO Ko Cactus. Let's go. We're in Florida, boys. [music] we're in Florida, boys. Get it, Ko Cactus. Take us to the KO. Bro, look. This is uh the traffic. Everybody trying to evacuate from Florida. That's a lot of people. I see why there's no gas left. we're still 6 and 1/2 hours away from Tampa. Look how far the traffic is. That's a lot of traffic from Tampa, Florida. Look, it's so good. Eventually, we will be the only ones on the road. We have driven probably 20 minutes and went what, 15, 20 miles. Look at this, guys. It's still traffic backed up. Still so much traffic. I have it zoomed in right now. We're going to wait till we get over this hill. Look at that hill there. It's all the way back and Hurricane Milton is strengthening. It's back to a category 5, but it's only going to strengthen until landfall. But now they are projecting it's going to make landfall further south. So, we might end up back in Ponta Gorda where we were for Hurricane Ian. Guys, subscribe because you're not ready for the content that's about to come from this chase. That's right. Let's go, Chad. it's Kano time, baby. All right, Kano gang. Uh, we're about to get brand new updates from the hurricane hunters. They are flying through the eye of Hurricane Milton. Look at that. They are inside of this hurricane. Check that out. In the eye. Yeah, they're in the eye directly. Record setting right here. We're going to be a part of it. We're going to record it for you guys. Thank you so much. Update the KO gang. We just got a new hotel. We are no longer going to be staying in the Tampa Bay area tonight because the storm has shifted south. Isn't that right, [clears throat] Mark? That's right. The hurricane has shifted south and now in Puna Gorda. We are going to have the worst storm surge and we're going to end up right back where Ian was. But we got a hotel right on the water. The hotel is located across the street from the parking garage that we rode out in in. So, we're going to be right back where we were in Hurricane Ian. We're going to be back for round two. We're going to be intercepting not one but two category 5 hurricanes in the same location. Correto chat. Look at that water. That's our hotel. There's the water right there where all the storm surge is. that is beautiful. That is beautiful. All right, guys. We are in a slight predicament. We are getting uh texts from Stormchaser Edgar, who is in uh Tampa currently, and he's saying it is a mad house. Complete chaos uh down there. We're still about 4 and 1/2 hours away. Um and he said, "Get gas." Oh, wow. through the pack. This one's packed 4 and 1/2 hours away. Oh yeah, that's going to be bad. Can't imagine what's going on. Um he told us to get as much gas as possible because there are absolutely there's no gas. Look, that's a fuel truck they're filling up. He said get more gas because uh we we need to be prepared to be stuck there. This hurricane has turned into a worst case scenario. Look at this, guys. It is packed out. Hey guys, we're uh [sighs] we're just out here at this gas station, 4 and 1 half hours away from our location. Yeah. And um we're just crossing our fingers they have gas. Can you show them on the map right there where we're at? Yep. Perfect. I'll show them. All right. So, uh we are up here near uh I mean sort of near Tallahassee. That's still a 4 and 1 half hour drive down here where this thing is going to make landfall. The hur hurricane Milton will make landfall right there tomorrow night. Are we going to buy a gasket in here? If they have it. We're going to get just a little bit more. All right, guys. We're going to go in gloves. So, All right. You ready, bro? Let's go get the gas can. This is feels apocalyptic. Piano gang. This is getting real. Um, a lot of important decisions ahead. Okay, we officially have gas at this gas station. Probably one of the last gas stations in until we can come back home that's going to have gas. So, let's hope that we have enough right here. And maybe we need to go uh see if we can buy another gas can. Hopefully, they have it. Hey, bro. This feels so apocalyptic. Everyone's just kind of freaking out. They got gas cans. They have gas cans. All right, let's buy them. I want them all. Three. Sure. Nice. Thank you so much. Stacked up. We're stacked up. on some gas cans. Got plenty diesel cans, but we'll put gas in them. That's your old Chad out there washing off the wind. All right, KO gang. We got water and gas cans. And we're headed back to Chad. Is it pointing on me? guys. Three gas cans. That makes 25 gallons of gas and four more bottles of water. Yep. Guys, look at every all the vehicles here. Lots of people getting gas. We're 4 and a half hours away from our destination, which is Puna Gorda. And this is how many people are here getting gas. Pretty loud. Got the water in the back. About to fill up these gas cans. All right, Mark's getting the gas and the jugs. Ko gang, we got six gas jugs totaling to how much, Chad? Basically a full tank of gas and some extra. Yeah. Um we have, you know, worst case comes where we can't top off when we get there. We'll have enough to get us out of the area. This is getting real. Wow. This This is literally 4 and 1/2 hours away from Tampa, the evacuated area. And this gas station is packed. And as you can see, a lot of them have U-Hauls, trailers, RVs. This is their belongings. This is their livelihood. They're they're they're escaping. All right. This is so much gas. It's quite a bit. Perfect. Nice. this probably the last stop for gas. maybe one more time to fill up Chad's Just to top off. Look at the puppy. He's sweet. That's the Ko dog. It's a Ko pup. You're a little cutie. All right, let's go, bro. Oh, bro. It's getting so real. This is It feels apocalyptic. Truly, we got this. Do it. KO gang, check this out. So, we're uh looking at the hurricane right now. This is the water vapor model. Look, it's a face. Do you see the the mouth? It's even got a nose. It does. It looks like Voldemort off of Harry Potter. We're We're about uh 2 hours and 39 minutes away from Punta Gorda. Uh then we're going to get some sleep, guys. Chad's crushing the driving. Yeah, Chad's been driving for like 16 hours straight. Appreciate you, Chad. Yeah, Chad. Taking y'all to the Ko, You can always rely on Chad. Take us to the Ko. Chad, get us to the game. Are you okay? Well, I'm ready for my bed. [laughter] She's calling me from a distance. Go lay down. Take a nap. Okay, I'm coming. You think he's losing it? Hey, you need a canoe juice. Okay. Smell a red bul. You got any left in there? You got any? Nope. It's empty. Nope. It's empty. A This is all gone, guys. Watch this. This is even crazier. Watch. Watch. Here we go. Oh, look at the face. Wait, look. It kind of looks like a bear. Oh my gosh. You see that though? I mean, I could see it, but I see the mouth. Look at this. Hold on. Like a panda. Like half of a panda. Oh, I don't Well, okay. I can see that. Yeah, I can see that. Looks like half a panda face. But if you look at it's a skull almost like there's the eyes, the mouth, the nose, Oh my gosh, that's crazy. It's like one of those like one of those optical illusions where you draw a face looking one way and then you can also see it looks like it's half of one face looking forward. that's really what it looks like. That's crazy, guys. Okay. So, uh you know the signs that are like in LED over the roads, it just said the the bridge uh the Tampa Bridge tomorrow is going to be closed called Sky Bridge. Yeah. So, it's it's this bridge right here. Sometimes those bridges can collapse and that's probably why they're closing. They don't want it to collapse once someone's on it. Right. Wind going over and under the bridge can really increase and if 18 wheelers are driving on it, it just flip over and even land in the bay. It's a good choice. It's uh closing that bridge. Yeah. But what we're less than an hour away from Puna Gorda from our hotel and the parking garage. So, it's been a long 17 hours. Yep. As of right now, that's where we're going to ride out the storm. Uh we have the storm surge back on our shoulder. Oh. Um I can't really see right now. Cuz it's not focused. There we go. All right. As of right now, we'll get anywhere between 8 to 15 ft. and it's just strengthening right now. So, it's just going to keep getting bigger overnight. We're going to wake up in the morning and we'll see from there. We'll decide ultimately what's the final destination going to be as far as uh where we're going to end up, where we're going to ride out the Hurricane warning, Warning us. Yeah, that's where it said the sky bridge is going to be closed. Yeah, similar. All right, KO gang. We uh we are in Puna Gorda. Paig Gorda, Florida. And uh we're getting the gas. Oh, Chad's ready. We're getting gas, guys. Pumpers reserve for emergency responders only. Technically, we're emergency responders. EMR, we're here to help locals and assist any way we can. As you can see, there's caution tape on all of these. We got people everywhere. You got it. We are filling up topping off on gas. This is clutch for real. It really is. It's actually clutch. This is This is nice. We have the six gas cans in the back. Just clutch, Chad. Guys, [music] we're tired. It's 12:30 a.m. Every last drop. As soon as it stops, just let it sit there. Let them doubles down. [laughter] We get every every drop. That sounds good. We're about how far 15 miles from our hotel. So about 15 minutes. From the hotel. And we're going to go there, sleep, wake up, get started on the day. We were told that possibly we could be going on a tornado chase in the day hours before the hurricane makes land. A potential outbreak is what they're saying. Right there near Puna Gorda where we are at. Oh man. So that's a potential. We might see on top of we might be on top of that parking garage and see a tornado. Oh yeah. I mean it's possible. Back. All right. We are in Ponta Gorda about to head to our hotel and get some sleep and then wake up and then we are inside of hurricane Milton. We're talking about hurricane [music] force winds 8 to 15 ft of storm surge. All right, Kano gang closed off. [music] No, we'll move that. Yeah, we'll just move that in the morning. Look guys, look at all this uh debris. This is from Hurricane Helen. They are still not done cleaning up from Hurricane Helen. Tomorrow night, all of this is going to be underwater. Every bit of that, that's where we're going to be in that parking garage, guys. Our hotel is right down here. I believe it's that building right there. It's straight. Sweet. It's right there. Hey, guys. That hotel right there is ours. All right, boys. All right, we here. We are at the hotel in Puna Gorda, Just checked us in. Yeah, just checked us in. Check this out, boys. I got the goods. I got the uh the cards room name to get into the room. Our parking garage is right over there. We can see our parking garage from here. You going to be seeing us on top right there? Yep. You're going to be on top. All right, let's go inside and let's get some sleep. Oh, wait, wait, wait, wait. Good night, Chad. Good night, Grinch. Chad, I hope you sleep good. Good night, Listen, is that Jim? Yeah. Is that Jim Kang already? All right, guys. This is it. Check out this place. Uh-huh. Got some snacks, Chad. They got Ko Juice here, bro. Look, they got Ko juice. It's sugar-free. But hey, Ko juice. Yeah, they can juice is Ko juice, baby. Good thing we're stacked up on it already. we're in the elevator. We're going up to the fifth floor, by the way. Elevator moving. Elevator is shaking. Just want to let you guys know that. You see what happens when we get we get a little bit. [laughter] Go, go, go, go. 506, which is right here, boys. We're about to get some sleep. Go, go, go, go, go, go, go. This is Mark, we're not going to have a problem sharing this bed, bro. Oh, that's a nice bed. Uh, you mean you mean Mark's got a nice couch. And we got a mirror right here. Ko gang. Let's go. We are here in Puna Gorda, Florida. Puna Gorda, Florida. Punter Gorda, Florida. Pa, Florida. We're pretty tired. What y'all doing, boys? We're trying to get that thing set. Gotcha. Fan low. Van high. There we go. Cool. What's it set on though? 666. Wow. It's a nice bathroom. Nice bathroom, too. This place is cool, man. It's pretty cool. It's nice bathroom, bro. Look at this. Like a freaking uh king suite. Telling you, bro. That is a nice pooping area. I would poop a big poop there. I'm not going to lie. I would not mind riding out the hurricane in here. You're being pretty chill. I have to take a tinkle now. All right, let me stop recording. All right, Kel gang, we are in bed. I think Chad is snoring. Chad, are you asleep? Oh my god. Chad, wake up. Shut up. [laughter] He's over there sleeping hard and Mark just woke him up. Oh, we got a camel to get. [laughter] So, that's the plan. Uh, it's like 2:00 in the morning. We're about to go to sleep. Hurricane's going to hit in now less than 24 hours. So, we're going to wake up in the morning and we'll see you guys then. We'll see you in the morning. Let's go. Subscribe. Good morning, Kano gang. Mark and I just woke up and we came downstairs and [music] let me just show you guys. Look over here. Ton of people downstairs. Feels like a community right now, Mark. It does. But look, food. [music] That's all I'm thinking about. I'm starting. This is going to be my last food for probably a day. Yeah, guys. It feels like a community in here. If you've ever played a game, like a zombie game where they gather together where there's like safe houses, this is exactly what it feels like, isn't it, Mark? 1,000%. [music] They're saying this hotel could be underwater in like 16 hours. This floor. This floor and maybe even the next floor. So, but I have I have this I don't know what this is. And my eggs. So, I'm happy. I'm about to get some eggs, too. All they have left is eggs, guys. Everybody else has already ate through everything. We're a little late. Everybody's up freaking out right now. I just [music] heard an older Fidian man tell a younger man. He was like, "Hey, buddy. Water comes on the building. I'm going to need your help later. Uh, I got a wheelchair. I need your help carrying up." Just nons like this happens every day or something. He's been through a few hurricanes. Exactly. Ko gang. I got a I think this is the chocolate chip bagel. Got some eggs and then a waffle. Mark's over here getting a drink. What happened? It wasn't apple juice. What was it? I don't know. Kano Gang, look outside the morning of the day that Hurricane Milton is supposed to make landfall. See the wind is [music] already starting to come in. Going to get some coffee. Kano gang. There's Mark. Got me some coffee, bro. This food coming lunch. Yep. Cuz not having food later is going to suck. Showing to make a landfall at a cat 4 right now. Mark, it's about to go down. Mark, tornado on the ground and call your county. We're close to that. Look, there's a police officer behind me. I think they're stationed [music] here. Mark, bro, dude, look at this view, bro. You can see the bridge coming over to Punto Gorda, guys. Look at how beautiful that We just ate breakfast. Uh Chad was a little lazy and he slept in. So, we're going to bring him a waffle. Yep. All right, Chad's up. Oh, wait. You can still see our parking garage from here. There's our parking garage. Look at all the cars on top. So many people. Look at all the people parked on top. That's where we were in This thing is full this time because there's a storm surge threat here. Hopefully there's no one in there. Oh my gosh. Hold on, guys. Just read where there is a potential for a tornado outbreak here where we are at after noon. Wow. How you feel about that, Chad? I'm excited. There's already been a wedge tornado touchdown and a couple of more in the area. My boy's got a migraine. I'm sorry, Matt. That sucks, bro. It's going to end. All right, guys. We're about to get all our stuff. We're going to load up, head outside, and get this KO chase started. Let's go, boys. Bro, can you imagine being on that bridge? [music] Look at that bridge, guys. Oh, look at the water. Look at the rip. Oh, the water is coming in. See, you see how close we are? Literally, we're just literally a block over, guys. All that water. You see those waves coming in? Those waves are going to get bigger and bigger. And if you walk, if you notice now, it looks like it's going out. Oh, elevator's ready. Here. Let's go. All right, let's do it, boys. Go, go, go. So, sorry. Thank you. This is beautiful. Feel that shooting air. This feels like like tornado weather. Yeah, I was just about to say this is tornado weather right here, boys. There's already been multiple tornadoes touched down and there is a tornado outbreak that's supposed to happen in a few hours right here. Yeah, this is crazy. It's It's about to go down, guys. I got my KO gang shirt on. Merch link in the description. This place is supposed to see close to 15 foot surge, guys. So, in about 16 hours, all of this is going to be underwater. Okay, Matt, you [clears throat] want the update? So, I just talked to the lady at the front desk. I asked her if we could park here. For the hurricane in case that parking garage we can't get in. She said during Helen, which was way further north, she said everything was underwater. She said the streets were all underwater. Everything was underwater. This wasn't underwater because it's elevated, but she said everything. This was like an island. Milton is going to be making landfall way closer. So, we're going to get double or triple the storm surge. So, this will probably be underwater. The only place that's probably going to be good to park the truck to park the truck is going to be um that parking garage. That parking garage. So, what I like I said earlier, I think we should drive over there, scope out the parking garage, see if we can move a uh barrier or two. From what the lady said inside was that the parking garage is completely full as of yesterday. How true that is, don't know. There may be a corner that maybe we could slide into necessarily that nobody else would really park at. All right, guys. They got this thing boarded up. Our parking garage is literally right there. There's already some uh some debris flapping around over here. Look, they have like these little goons. All of that just to try to help protect this building. Yeah. Guys, this right here is the parking garage that we were in for Hurricane Ian. Yeah, guys. We're going to park right here and then walk up and see uh what it looks like over here. All right, guys. I'm hopping out here and I'm going to go Chad's going to park back there and I'm going to look up here. I'm going to get a an idea if we can park in this parking garage or not. [music] This time they have it closed off, guys. It's crazy. And we're just going to go in here and we're going to look and see if there are any spots. This is creepy. Yeah, guys. All these spots up here are taken. This is a eerie eerie feeling. I'm just going to walk back down there to Chad. It It is packed. I think it's enough for you to come in there. I have an idea. Look how fast these clouds are moving. Matt, you don't have to come. What I was trying to tell him is you don't have to, but what? No, it's all good. All right, Chad, I have an idea, bro. So, there are Here, let's go up the stairs. Okay. Yeah, we're going to take these stairs up. I went on the first [music] level and looked, but I didn't go past that. We already got some debris in the road. All right. Hey, if y'all remember it right here, this is how high the water came. Oh, wow. Guys, looking holene, see, can you see the water? That's exactly how high the water got here. Can you see it on the camera? Yeah. See, that's how far the water came inland from there. And that was uh 3 to 5 ft maybe. We're expecting 8 to 12 ft or 8 to 15 ft. So, if that's 3 ft, I mean, this whole entire area could be underwater. Crazy. which it means you would have to be at least on second level if not third or fourth level in order to just be clear of the storm service. Yeah. Matt, do you remember right there? We were here before in Puna Gorda for Hurricane Ian and those were going off. Fire alarms going off. Just continue. All right. There's plenty of room. Yeah. I still I mean like I said we can easily just park on this side of stuff. As long as we're not in the middle blocking anything. Yeah. Like these two. Look at these. I mean they're actually pretty nice looking cars. These are people's livelihoods right here. Literally. See, they even had it closed off up here. But I wonder why they had it closed off on that side. They got a cruiser set up. Oh, this is these officials and stuff. Oh, shoot. It is camera gang. I'm not feeling the greatest. I just threw up twice. I don't know what's going on, but I'm sick. So, if I'm a little MIA, that's why just in case. Oh, he's they're trying to go inside the parking garage. Oh, that is police. They're coming up here. [laughter] Guys, police officers are coming up look at them. They're coming in here, too. But I guarantee you that's what they're using all of that spots over there for is their city employees that are coming to be on launch. What are the tornado warnings in Oh wow. Literally right here. No, wait. No, we're right here. We're printed. And all these tornado warnings in here. Three possible tornadoes right there. Is there another radar close? Yeah. Let's see. [music] Let's see what they're saying. Look, damaging tornado weather's confirmed tornado. This is a particularly dangerous situation. Wow. So with this one, there is a tornado on the ground near War Haven. But yeah, as you can see, there's one confirmed tornado on the ground and these two are just tornado warn. This one looks to be expiring within the next 5 or so minutes. This is going to be for the rest of today and into tonight. Potentially a tornado outbreak will take place along Central Florida. And as this storm system moves onshore, they have the potential to produce several tornadoes along with heavy winds, downpours, and we could possibly even have some flash flooding well before the hurricane takes land. And that's when you got to start worrying about the storm surge that's going to be coming in. We're expecting 8 to 15 ft of water. And as you can see, just along in here, this was probably about 2 ft of water just in here. We're expecting almost quadruple that. It's over. No, ma'am. I'm sorry. No, we're just going to take We're trying to ride out the storm here and then help with recovery afterwards. Yes. Yes, ma'am. I'm My truck's just right over here. Just be careful. Yes, ma'am. Yes, ma'am. I I I can only imagine what y'all have to go through. Okay. Thank you so much. Thank you. Yeah. You see, they have the walls in place just to try to protect businesses and stuff that are from here. I mean, all of this right here could potentially be underwater, not necessarily. And then if anything above that I mean that's that's where you necessarily want to be. All right guys, look at this. There's the bridge [music] coming into Punta Gorda. All of that is going to be underwater. But as you can see, if you look at the water, the waves, it looks like they're rolling out, which is pretty much melting, pulling in everything as it approaches. And then [music] as it gets closer to landfall, that's when it's going to be like 360. Here, take it all back and some. And that's when we're gonna have the tremendous storm surge down from Texas. How you doing? Doing good, sir. How's the kids? They're here. Oh, god. No, no, no, no, no. They're just They're just here. Oh, man. What's up, man? How you doing? How are you? Good. Made it back down. I haven't seen you since Ian. It's been a minute. And up north. I think he's probably riding it out in Sarasota. They were they let them go down. You were supposed to go back down south. They won't let him go past the evac. Yeah. Did you guys talk to the cops or we did. She asked me. She like, "Do I you know these guys?" Like who? I was like the one the white truck. I guess she meant Silver. I was like, "No, why?" And then she drove by and I was like, "Yeah." He's like, "Yeah, I just want to chase your t." I had to show my credentials. That's how I was able to stay here. She told me they're closing the bridge in like 10 minutes. If you don't mind, can I come over there and get you on video, man? Let's do it. I'm going to stay Yeah, you're fine. Yeah, he good, dude. Oh. All right, guys. We got somebody else that's out here. Check this out. Check it out. What's up, man? What's up? All right. Well, tell everybody who you are. Mike McGee. I'm a storm chaser meteorologist for Southwest Florida. Just give them an idea, bro. Give them an idea of what's going to take or like what's going to happen today. 10 to 15 ft is going to be right above those pylons and that box where that black light is right there. This is all going to be underwater. This morning, two days ago, the water was already up here. You can see where it's actually starting to erode away the sidewalks. Yeah. So once those rocks there's going to be last time it was last time this happened was after freaking Helen which was all under if you actually drive down quite a bit you can see the old like damage from it and there's people stuff burns are still on the side of the road. St. Ar is blocked off. Ci blocked off. No way of getting the beaches tornado from Port Charlotte. Oh wow. It's here. It's pretty close to Port Charlotte. Two of them. Oh my. Yeah. May want to get off the side. Yeah. All right. Appreciate you, bro. Well, see you, too. We see you out there. Be safe out there, bro. For real. See you. Look out there. You're right. good stuff. Do you have a Here, don't Here. Here's your thing for me to What are you throwing up? Oh, you didn't see out there. Look out Oh, shoot. Yeah. He got sick a couple more times, too. Dang. Tell me, are you feeling a little bit like little pressure relief? I think so. What Mark? Um, all right. So, what's the move? He just informed me that guy has been chasing forever. Okay. I do now. Is that Brad? Arnold. Who is that? Um, here. Hold on. I'll be I'll keep it straight with you guys. Everything he just told me. island right here. Uh he said this whole island he said we will see 15 ft of storm surge. He said it's going to come up past that lamp post right there. Where's he going? He's going to cross the way. He said best bet parking garage if you can get in there. If not um he said be prepared to be stuck here for a few days. Uh what do you mean the parking garage? If we can get in that parking garage. Yeah. Well, I mean, let's do it then. It's okay. There is a tornado on the ground north of Cape Coral, and it is headed this way. And it's a big one, too. I'm about to go out here and look at the Huh. It does look like it is. Yeah, it is. All right, guys. Before we have to take shelter, I just wanted to show you guys, check out the water, guys. We have boats over here. Look at the boats. Helen is still 14 hours out and this water is starting to rise. Guys, let me tell you this right here. All of this is going to be underwater. So, we have to find shelter. We have to get ready for this, guys. We're going to bring you guys some good content for the Kango Gang. Link in description for the shirts. Make sure to subscribe, guys. This is about to get real. I love you, Nato Gang and Kano Gang. I'm about to go get shelter because there's a tornado headed right towards us. All right, guys. We're thinking about going in there. We would have to park at the top because the cops are going to come in at that level. Well, not at the top. Maybe at the floors on the hill. Yeah. Do you want to? Yeah, bro. Let's hurry up. All right. All right. All right, guys. We're going to Here, Matt. Just move this back. Go, go, go, go, go, go. All right, now we got to move back. Go. Let's go. Success. Dang, boys. This is crazy. This is ideal. [music] No, this is ideal. But this is crazy. This is a must in order to escape this storm surge. [music] Storm surge. This is where the cops are stationed right in here. So, we just as long as there's no cops right here, we're good on a road. Beautiful. Okay, we're good. Yep. We're good now. parked up here. Sure is. Now we just out of our way. That was nice. Yeah. Now we just got to make it up here and we're good. Look at that. Right here. This is a perfect spot right here. Wait, I'm going to back down. We could move that cone. No one No one's going to care. Well, I don't want to cause any more issues. If we do, see it says violators will be whatever. So, yeah, I'm not going to do that. But what I am going to do is turn around, come back out, and just back up right over there next time. Yeah. And we could hang out up there. Oh, wow. Guys, this is good. Let's go. All right, boys. Just got a notification. A large observed tornado headed towards Puna Gorda. Just got it. Gabriel just sent it to me. Large observed tornado headed right towards Puna Gorda. That's us. Make sure I'm good. You're good. Keep coming. Good. Boom. Nice. All right, boys. This is it. There's a car. I know you guys from somewhere. I don't remember where. Well, guy down here on on B or C. Uhhuh. His name is Yogi. I don't like seeing people stranded. With no shelter. Is he doesn't have anywhere to go? You might just want to get some exercise, walk down there. Yeah, we'll definitely do that. Hey, you know things get Yeah, sir. Well, thank you. We'll go down there. I appreciate you. What a good guy. [screaming] Oh, they're coming down right now. This may [screaming] be on the last point while they evacuate now. All right, guys. We are out here. There's a guy riding a bicycle down there. I don't know if you guys can see that. Apparently, all of this will be water pretty soon. Within the next 6 hours, this right here, it'll be 15 ft up. So, halfway on that pole. Okay. So, if you look at that bank, that bank right there, that bank, that's probably 10 10 ft. The entire bank. The entire building. You wouldn't be able to see it. So, tonight you're telling me we're going to walk out here and you won't be able to see that building that corner right there. This way, you will not see that thing. You'll see Ace Hardware, but you won't see nothing else. That is what I'm saying. All of this will be looking like a lake. Lifeaver. I'm talking about nothing. It will look like a lake. All right. Well, and we're going to get it all on video for you guys. Oh, shoot. Oh, it's raining. It just started coming down. Look at all that coming down the street and I was like, "Oh, God. All right, guys. So, Matt has a headache. I'm going to get him out a uh protein bar. He is hungry. It's a RX bar. Boom. About chocolate sea salt. Got you, bro. Huh? As you guys can hear this wind. Okay. Uh we are maybe 3 or 4 hours away from landfall. It's really coming in. Guys, we're starting to get 50 mph winds. We will be getting hurricane force winds 100 mile plus uh a little bit later. Guys, I feel really bad for Matt. He has the worst migraine that he's ever had. He's been throwing up. He threw up five or six times, I think. And since 9:00 a.m. this morning, he has been trying to sleep in the truck. And it's currently like 4:00. Uh, Hurricane Milton makes landfall in the next 4 hours. We're on the fourth floor of this parking garage. Very soon, all of those houses, everything out there, guys, is going to be underwater. Yeah, guys, Matt has not been feeling good at all. So, hopefully he can he can get better. All right, so me and Chad are about to uh use our wind gauge. Wind measurements. Yeah, the wind just picked up. We have a good 4 hours before we get the absolute brunt force of this hurricane when it comes to hurricane force winds and also storm surge. There it is. What do we got? Still 26 28 28 28 mph in the right direction. 33 35 I believe we got up to 35. 39 39 39 43. All right, guys. So, like I said, these [music] are the uh first winds that's going to be making it to us. It's the tropical storm force winds. We're still 4 hours out until landfall from Hurricane Milton. And I'm going to start seeing the hurricane force winds in the next 2 3 hours. And then the storm surge is going to start coming in. And all this is just going to be underwater. And uh you better know I'm going to be out there in that water. All right, Kano gang. Matt is up. How you feeling? Still have a headache. This is wild. I'm going to I'm going to move around. So hopefully by the time all the action starts, it goes away. But yeah, good. We're gonna uh walk down to the water and show you guys what it's looking like there. Ted, as of What you doing, Chad? As of right, as as of right now, the storm surge is going to start uh coming in in the next few hours. Uh the hurricane is going to make landfall in a couple of hours now. Um and we're going to be underwater up to 10 ft here. Could be even higher. Uh when it comes down to it, we won't because we'll be in a parking garage, but everything around us will be. We're in a parking garage. Oh, maybe maybe Chad will be. Chad's going to be Chad's going to be uh he's going to take a dive into the storm surge. But imagine Imagine taking a cannonball and jump, dude. That would be sick. Maybe. So, maybe we'll do it. Quick update real quick. Update. As you can see where we are, we have a clearing, but all of this is tropical force winds that is slowly making its way inland. It's starting to slowly starting to push the water inward as well. But landfall does look to be around Sarasota, just south of Tampa. Within the next few hours is going to be landfall. So now is the last time, last minute. Get out. You're able to, please do. If not, hunker down as best possible. Seek high ground because Jeff, hey, these people are not live. This isn't the line, brother. This is a video. Hey, but if you're watching this, leave Florida now. I thought this was the live up to date. not legit though. If you're watching this for real though, who knows? There could be a freaking another hurricane coming to Florida. Honestly, there's supposed to be one by the time we post those videos. Guys, look. The live stream is up here. Chad thought I had the live stream phone. I have it rigged up. It's pointing out there. Guys, I uh I'm going to take Mr. Grinch to see the water with us right where all the storm sur is going to go. He said he wanted to see it. So, I just wanted to update everybody. Okay, we have the kayak. The heat from this flashlight just popped this kayak. We have a giant American flag. Giant American flag. Okay, we got two helmets. It's going to be good. Um, we're going to go down these stairs and you're going to see some of the damage, bro. And it's bad. Yeah, I haven't even been down there yet, guys. So, it's my first time going down. I have a lot to show you. Chadwick. Where's Chad at? Chad. Ready? Oh, let me get one out of here, guys. We got to get a KO juice. All right, Matt. Here's your KO juice. Oh, look. Road. Oh, shelter in place. Pretty sure we're headed out there right now, aren't we, guys? Yeah. [laughter] You ready? Oh my gosh. Oh wow, bro. It's going to slam. All right, guys. Headed downstairs. We were on the third floor, bro. This is crazy. I know, bro. This is where the um hurricane the fire alarm was going off, right? Look at that, bro. Wa! Look at that debris. Where? Oh, yeah. There was debris over there. It's flying. Okay. Sadly, guys, there's a ton of debris from Hurricane Helen's storm surge, which is just going to be dispersed again. So, bro, speaking of Hurricane Helen, you want to see something crazy? All right, bro. Hurricane Helen hit not even two weeks ago, right? They got like 5 ft of storm surge. We're going to get like 15. Look, you can see that's where the water came up to about to right there. About to right there. And that is a foot and a half. Yeah, that's a foot and a half here. We're going to get 15. And it's going to be up there with Chad. Chad, the storm surge will likely be where you're at, guys. The storm surge will likely be with us. It could be well up here. Guys, look at the debris. Wow. Matt, check this out. Thank you, Chad. Bro, all of this debris right here. They were starting to clean up from Hurricane Helen. They weren't able to get this cleaned. Whenever the storm surge happens, all of this, bro, is going to be floating around in the street. Terrible, bro. Matt, bro, hurricane Ian. This is where we did our freaking This is where we did our uh our excursion. We We were standing right there. Right there whenever that piece of debris came flying through. We are currently walking. It's going to be a 10-minute walk to the water. As of right now, Hurricane Milton is like 2 hours away from making landfall. Storm surge will be coming up soon. It's going to be bad through here. Oh yeah, guys. Look at that wind. Um, excuse me. All right, guys. Right down there is the water. This is a baby. I know. Chad, it looks like a beast. Chad leading the way. Oh boy. Oh yeah, it sure does. Is that storm surge? No. It's coming though. The storm surge will be coming soon. I think from rain and stuff. Yeah, guys. Also, if you want some KO merch. Look at that guy. There's a guy out there. Oh, there's a guy out here. There's a guy walking. Look at him, bro. Just a normal day in Florida. Somebody's driving on the road. Somebody's walking in the road. How do they feel? Wow, man. Look under the water, bro. How do you feel? This is interesting, bro. This is cool, though. Yeah. Interested to see what Stor looks like. Yeah. Look at that. This is underwater. That is all underwater. How cold is the water? This water is freezing cold. This is all underwater, guys. Watch out for sharks. Oh yes, sharks. High alert for some sharks. There could be sharks in these waters, actually. No joke. Whenever [music] the storm surge actually comes in, that's 15 ft of storm surge, guys. There could be sharks. Okay, back here. What's guys? Our parking garage is over there. Hey, show them where we are from the parking garage. Oh, parking garage. Parking garage is right there. It's that building with that right there. All right, guys. Check this out. I got some KO juice. I'm going to open down here next to this water. You don't see the water? It's coming up. Wow. All right, guys. We are getting close to the water. It is literally right there cuz the craft pizza is the pizza for you and me. It's coming in now, Chad. In a few hours, it's going to go from zero to 100 real quick. Look, all of this is funneling into this bay, Punta Gorda, down this way. All of this is going to be coming in here. Is that a boat? Oh my gosh, that's a boat. Is that a boat, bro? Open on in there. No way. We going to be seeing you later. I'm going to put my feet on the water. We're going to be seeing you later. Water. Look at the wind on the water. Guys, there's a car on the bridge. There's a car on the bridge. They shut this bridge down like 4 hours ago. That's the stormchasers. Y'all said we come in. Storm. Yep. They're coming in last second. Those are the stormchasers. I'm drinking this Red Bull nonchalantly, guys. This is What is life, man? What is life? I could late. I had to take a sip. Things are just getting too good. All right, Matt. We have to open up Arcano Juice right here with some debris. Yes, we're about to intercept this storm surge from Hurricane Milton right now. And here comes Chad. He already opened his red boom, but Chad, join us for hours. Come on, Chad. All right, let's go. Let's go. Cut us In front of the debris in three, two, one. take a sip. Ocean, we will be seeing you at our parking garage in a few hours. Dude, let's go. Subscribe, guys. Storm SP are starting to come up right now. Look at this. This is the beginning stages of storm surge. That's amazing. Okay, check this out. The fence fell into the water. Oh, the wind is so strong. Oh my god. Wild, guys. Look over there. The fence fell in. Sand paper. That hurt. Guys, the fence fell in. Milton is still 2 hours from making landfall. Probably about an hour and a half now. We've been out here a minute. All right, guys. We're about to head back because things are getting real out here and we want to make sure we are at the high ground like Anakin. Wait, no. Anakin did not have the high ground. How you doing? guys, we might be in a mini tornado right now. What is this? Oh, guys. Um, all right, guys. Uh, we're going a different way this time. Hopefully, we don't get lost. Chad, you know how to get back, right? Okay, good. There's water inland. We need to go inland. Bro, Chad, you got Aura right now, bro. Water is risen. [music] Nuh-uh. Remember the pal you belong here. Where is that coming from? Storm surge, bro. Guys, this is storm surge. Chad just said it's got to be coming in from that side of the bay, bro. We are in the storm search right now, Okay, so all of this water right here. Gosh, that is not smart, guys. Look at the car. Look at the car. Okay, guys. So, what we just found out, all of this water right here is storm surge. Every bit [music] of that storm surge is coming in from that way. This is just going to keep getting deeper and it's going to make its way [music] to us. Oh, it got my croc. It got my croc. Oh, [music] come back. Come back. Come back. Wow. I almost lost my croc. This is storm surge starting to come in. It is coming from the other side of the bay. We have got to get back in soon. Chad is already inside and Mark and I are behind. Hurricane is about an hour and 15 minutes away from landfall. We are starting to see the beginning stages of the storm surge right now moving past my ankles. And I just want to show you guys how deep it is out here right now because later this is going to be completely inundated in water. Guys, big word, Mark. Big word. Wow. This is uh this is crazy deep. We had a car coming. and we are out here in storm surge. No way they're going to make that. There's no way. But yeah, guys, this is storm surge. It's not coming from directly behind us. It's coming from the other side of the bay. Well, we have a car coming. Let's get out of their way. Come this way. Come this way. Let's see what they had to say. They're backing up as they should. We let them know how deep it was. We helped them out by showing them how deep it was, bro. Let's go. We saved their car. We did save the car. If they would have drove out here, guys, they would have been stranded right here in this water. This storm surge is about to rise in the next hour and a half, guys. This car is about to try to make a pass through this surge right now. Are they going to make it? Are they going to make it? We're going to see. That's a risky one. They made it. Woo! Let's go. We've been here just [music] a few minutes and look how much it's risen. He's coming in, guys. Get ready. This is going to be the best hurricane chase we've ever had. We're headed back gang. The waters will start coming up. We're going to come back out. But for right now, we're going to go back and get ready for the big event that's coming in an hour. In an hour. We need to go. There's no more time to wait. Are coming. Parking garage right there. All this debris. We really need to get inside, bro. All that debris that we showed you guys earlier can act like projectiles in this hurricane force wind. All right. You want to go up right here? All right. Let's do it. Wow. Listen to it's here. Oh, here. This is it. Got here just in time. This is it, guys. Got to get here just in time. He is battering us down with some of his strongest winds yet, guys. Hurricane Milton is so close to landfall right now. Listen. Listen to the wind. Let's go up top. Let's go up top. Matt, that tarp right there is not going to last. Bro, what do you think? This is crazy, guys. That was a big gust of wind and there's only more to come. Is that a Bronco? Oh, I'm going to look at that. that scared me. Everybody to seek shelter. The police department. Everybody start. They're coming here. They're coming They just told everybody the radio, go ahead and take shelter. You must think that landfall is in. Oh my. Guys, real quick though, that is a beautiful vehicle. I think it's a Bronco. Yeah, I showed them earlier. Oh, I'm a big fan of Bronco. Look, it's coming off. All right, KO gang. We're actually going to go outside right now because Hurricane Milton is uh starting to make a landfall. Uh we're going to go outside and we're going to get all this on video for you. These are some strong winds, bro. Whoa. You hear that, bro? Milton is coming in. The winds are picking up and all of this debris is about to be flown. Like, for real. No joke. Look at it. You can see it already. You can already see all the trees over there on the road. This is crazy. Going to run over to Mark, This is crazy, dude. Who was that? Just heard somebody scream. Did you? Uh-oh. All right. All right. What were you saying? This is crazy. You hear him? Oh, no. Let's go. let's go back down through here, bro. Let's go see what the water level. All right. All right. The birds. Listen to the birds. Oh, the birds. They don't know where to go. Out here. It's a little windy out here. All right, guys. I'm going to show you the radar of Hurricane Milton. Check it out. This dot right here is us. This hurricane is about to start pushing all this water. It already is. As you can see, this is nothing. [music] It's going to start pushing it in even more. Even more. We're going to start seeing it rise as we go into the night. But, you know, we're going to be out here in it. Subscribe. Let's go. We hope everyone stayed safe and got out of harm's way and that there is the least amount of damage and lives affected with this storm. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. We got to uh We can't go yet. We got to wait. Yeah. Sorry. Sorry. The classic Florida hurricane dad stance, right? We're going to turn. All right, let's break the law. Yeah, let's just do it. Come on, Mark. Why are we just walking around like it's just another day? Maybe it's just another day. It's just a little windy. That's it. All right. Hopefully, we don't have to evade this debris up here. All right, guys. We got to show you where we're at right now. The water is being pushed into this bay. So, this water that's down here right there is covered in water and it's just making its way to us. We need to get ready. This is the tree. I hereby declare it. That was disrespectful to the tree, bro. Tree should have never fell. All right, there's our parking garage. All right, guys. It is approaching nightfall right now. We have a Fox 4 News vehicle coming [music] to us right now. This hurricane is about to make landfall and all of that storm surge is about to Guys, as you can see, it is now really dark. We have maybe 15 minutes of sunlight left. This uh that's going to flip over. Yeah, that bike is going to flip over. Doing good. What's your name? Yogi. I'm I'm Matt. Hey, man. What's up, bro? What about you? I guess you guys upstairs. Down here. I was sitting over there, but it started getting windy and cold. Where are you? I moved over here. Do you have water? Do you have anything? You got everything you need? Need some snacks? Okay. I got snack. What kind of snacks? Uh, we have Kodiak protein bars. Uh, what' you say first? Kodiak protein bars. It's a brand. They're really good. Yeah. All right, we'll go we'll go upstairs, get you one. We'll be right back. Yeah, I appreciate it. Yeah, for sure, bro. Yes, sir. So, we're going to go uh get this guy some snacks. Hey, look. It fell video that Oh, no, guys. Light fell. Oh. Oh, no. Oh, that's not good. That's not good at all, guys. Oh, and it broke in the Oh, no. Oh, it's not going to happen. All right, there's Chad. We're going to take Yogi some food. His name is Yogi. We're taking him some food. Hey, Chad. Hey, how are you? What you got? Nothing. Why you so happy? Cuz you're better. Oh, cuz you're better. You're better. Oh, thank you, [laughter] bro. I was struggling, dude. We got a little news. We met Yogi on the way up. Yogi? Yogi? That guy that Oh, yeah. And he uh we told him we'd bring him some snacks. So, where are those Kodiak bars? Oh, they're in the back. Pick out what you want to give him. So, you can give him some? Yeah. I had a couple. A couple? Son of a gun, bro. If we're stranded out here, we're going to need a ration now. But, uh, one of those maybe. Oh, yeah. Have a couple. That's really all we got. We don't have much more. All right. Let's do it. Should we give him like a Nah, he's good. He said he had water. Hey, Chad's going to loan us some Sunj Jones. All right. These on the way down. We'll be back. He was so happy to see that I was uh Well, it sucked, bro. A lizard. Where, buddy? You chose a good spot to be. Yeah, you did. But you probably would be fine anyways. Wow. That's the Kano lizard, buddy. See you later, buddy. Hope you find your dad. All right, we're taking Yogi snacks. All right, we just had a Guys, we got a notification. Shelter in place. It is no longer safe on the roadways. Hey, what's up, Yogi? Did that car just pull up? Yeah, there was a box. Well, uh, let's see. We got a Kodiak granola and two RX bars on some Slim to Good to go. [laughter] Thanks a lot. All right, man. Hey, absolutely. Well, we'll see you later. See you, Yogi. Yes, sir. [bell] Oh, shoot. What is your coordinate? We got a shelter in place. It's no longer safe to be on the roadways. Hence why the news just pulled up in our parking garage. [laughter] We need to get out of here. Fail last time. Yeah, before this fail. Oh, my hat. There's a vehicle out there, guys. There is. Wow, guys. We got to go. Hurricane Milton is about 5 minutes from landfall right now. Five. Oh, shoot. Dang. 5 minutes for landfall. What was that? Is that glass? Bro, we got to go. I don't know what that was, bro. I'm about to go back inside. That was glass, bro. Guys, was it glass, bro? Yes. Look, I'm going over there. I'm serious. I don't know what that was. It was glass. You think so? It I know. So freaking broke. Do you hear that? Yeah. All right. You want to go up? What are we doing? That was Hey, if you're in the If you're in the See you later, Ko gang. We almost got hit. We almost got hit by some debris. Matt went upstairs. This is no longer a game. We have storm surge and it's coming in. And it's coming in fast, guys. This whole place is going to be underwater very soon. We got Matt back. Look at this. Ian just Ian just made I mean Milton just made land. Right now we're getting hurricane force winds. The storm surge is coming in from that way. All of this is beginning to go Ko gang. Mr. America is about to make an appearance in that right there. Let's go. About ready to fly the colors. KO gang. Mr. America makes appearances for you guys. Don't be scared of weather. Always be prepared. Don't do this. Mr. America is doing this for you. KO gang. For you. back, baby. That's going on the news. I think we made it on the news again, Look at all the water coming in. This is going to be insane. If there's a hurricane, you can bet that I'm going to be in it. And hey, check this out. Going to be a part of the KO game. Go to the description. Lots of KO merch. Yeah. Yeah, we will be having some Mr. America KO merch very soon, so be ready. Look, Chad just said this thing, the winds were so fast, it didn't say the miles per hour. It said high. It said high. But it has to be over 90 miles an hour. I saw it maybe on here. But now it just said high after that. All right, guys. Right now, we're going to go back down. A storm surge is coming up, so we're just going to go check it out. Update you guys on how high it's getting. Um, but it is still not even a fraction of the way of where it's going to be. I'll follow you down there. It's slowly starting to get into the grass now. Yeah, it is. It's already here. Storm surge is in We are This is official. We have officially been invaded by the water. Wow, that's crazy. Was it like this logo? No, you just got here. K, they're coming down right now. Wow. I want to show you something. Look at all this debris. Look at all that. I don't like getting wet either. Me and Chad chilling on the staircase. I ain't going to lie, I kind of do want to get out there. I'm going to run out I'll guide you. Just give me a second. Give me just a second. We're in the storm. Let go. This is crazy. This is crazy. Go touch that wall. Run back. I have salt on my lips from the ocean. Um I've had my phone. I'm going to go back in. See you later. Hey, look. Oh, it's getting deep. Now, we have seen some storm chasers out here and they to be out here, bro. American flag. Let's go. That's us, bro. Let's go. Mr. America always making the appearance on the news channel. Take us to the Kano. Subscribe Kano gang. Let's go this guys. Kano gang. We came back downstairs after a while and check it out. It is past where it was in Helen already. Like we showed you guys earlier. That's pretty darn deep. That's very deep in this dude deep. That's what's crazy. Guys, we are out here. This is for the Ko Gang right here. Man, do you see this, bro? Yeah. It's wild. This day? Yeah. Look at this debris just floating around. So much water over there, huh? Yeah, these things work. That's cool. In a moment, we'll go take a look at some cars completely underwater. Do you see that? I see it. It's crazy. Let's go get it. Oh my gosh, guys. Look at this. I just kicked it. guys. All the power just went out in front of us. All right. bro. All the power just went out right in front of us, guys. That was lit up. I went to [music] switch the view and then it turned off. That is crazy. Oh, power's back on. Oh, it's a picture. It's crazy. Oh my gosh. Okay, now let's keep going. If you haven't subscribed, guys, hit that subscribe button. Oh, shoot. Look how high this is. Yeah, crazy. Hit the subscribe button and we out here walking the streets from the storm surge in Florida, Florida. We're out here in the city. oh, where's it at? That means someone's Okay, we're coming. We're coming. That might mean someone might be in it. There's a car that might have someone in it. We might need to help them out. Hey, what's up? Oh, Yogi. What's up? Hey, we're just out here. Chad, where at? Okay. Okay. Crazy, bro. We need to do this quick. Do it. Let's see if there's someone in there. Hopefully there's no one in there. Oh, what is that? Oh my gosh. Hold on, guys. What is that? Bro, I thought that was somebody, bro. Me, too. There's someone in there. There might not even be anyone in there. Okay. No one's in there. KO gang. No one's in there. But their car is flooded out. Flooded out. Um, I see lights flashing down there. You hear that noise? What is that? Hey, what is that? Look. Look at that. Look. Look where I'm looking. What? What is all the flashing? That's a zoom in. That's the uh That's the uh transformer. There's a big transformer over there, guys. Huge transformer over there. You see it over there twinkling? That is electricity that is just constantly firing off because of how much water is out there. You hear that? I hear something. What is that? Car horn. Maybe power flashes are happening. Yeah. All of the electricity went off. Every bit of it. You hear me? What is that, bro? What is that? Do you guys hear that? What is that floating? What is that? A trash can. Yep. That is This is not Wow. Hit the subscribe button. We're trying to bring you guys the best footage possible. I'm about to lose my Please, because this is some hard work. We just want to bring good content to you guys. That was crazy. That was insane. Look at it. Where did that come from? Holy God. I know, bro. Oh, hey. Oh, thank you, Chad. I need to charge my phone. Yeah, let's do it. On what? Yeah. I can barely walk through this. It is pushing back so hard. You Oh my gosh, bro. No way. That is too funny. Take a little break. Hey, honestly, you do need a break. I know because walking against this. Here you go. It's tough. the road. Oh, wow. Guys, look at that. I don't know what that is, man. Look, it's Chad. That's so funny. What up, bro? Uh, let's go in down there. Okay, brother. Search. When is expecting this? When is this going to stop? Just a little bit more time and it'll slowly keep creeping up until it start it starts dying down. It's just going to keep Wow, it got all the way up to my stomach. Dude, I was walking sitting in the floor and stuff. It was really funny how you were following us. Dude, that was cool how you It felt like a mission on like 007 like Call of Duty. I'm sitting here eating. Mark just told me something funny. What's up? Uh, Stormchaser Edgar just texted me and he said, "Are y'all good?" I said, "Yes. What about y'all? We're in a four-story parking garage. And he said, "Yeah, I'm driving around in the eye on I75 right now." LOL. [laughter] It's going to be insane to see how high this actually gets. All right, guys. Uh, one thing we didn't think about was hand sanitizer and our hands being absolutely disgusting because of the storm surge. I'm hungry. I'm going to get some protein bars, but I just can't touch it with my hands. I washed mine the hands with just like rinsed them with water. Could put gasoline on them. Oh, that' do the trick though. Definitely would. Chocolate chip. That's what I just had, Really? Oh, to eat some of these. Been uh exerting ourselves in the Kano. We got to refuel for the KO. This is our KO fuel. This is going to be a long night. It's a very long night. What is that? Good. Kano gang. Whoa. Power flash. What was that? Matt, come here. I um bro, this big transformer just blew. Woo! what was that? That was a huge huge power surge. Here comes another high wind gust. There it goes. Oh, got it on camera. Wow. That was intense, bro. Everything is dark. Yeah, that's crazy. I got that on video. On another note, bro. What? Oh, I have nothing. Go ahead. On another note, guys, Chad just told me that he's getting reports that Huna has already seen 10 ft of storm surge. that's what you're seeing down there. In a minute, we're going to go down, check out the storm surge, give you guys an update. Later, we're going to pull out the kayak. Imagine if there was a gator in here, guys. excited to bring you guys this [music] content. Subscribe. All right. [laughter] I think you blew. Wait. What? Let me see. Oh, boys. My god. boys. Check it out, too. All right, bro. I'm going to I'm going to get some more uh some more Running out of our reserves. for a week or two. [laughter] We're going to be fasting involuntarily. Well, I'm so hungry. We've been eating all the food. We have enough gas, but we're kind of running out of food by the looks of that water out there. It might be here for a while. What is this? Oh, there's a whole another box, bro. Oh, boy. The Kodiak. Get out of here. I swear that came out of nowhere. It must have been God. Oh, thank you so much. A strap on. Sure. No, they're out. Pretty far. Wow, it's so good. Take us to the KO, baby. All right, guys. We are about to go downstairs. It's [music] been a little bit. And we're going to see where the water level is. That is crazy. [music] Wa. That is awesome. Woo. This is crazy, guys. Look at that. Oh. All right. It's kayak time, bro. For real though, there are gators. I know. Watch out. Because listen, if you get hurt, that means I got to come help you. Would you come help me? Of course. If I knew you were in danger, but you're not going to lie. So, there's no way for me. Oh, shoot. That's true. No one's going to know what you're doing out there but you. So, be careful. Y'all want to walk down to the the very bottom? Oh, yeah. Shoot, guys. [music] There could very well be gators in there. Could there not? Oh, no. There is Florida, my boy. Maybe a gator will come out real quick and we can pet it. Maybe. So, although there's gators in there, I'm about to take the kayak in there. Have fun with that. I'm going to go be warm in this room. All right, Ko gang. I'm about to get out the kayak, blow this thing up so we can take it out. There's the kayak. There is the pump for the kennel gang. This one's my seat. Buckling my seat in. There it is, guys. Check this out. This thing, this is a lantern. It's not going anywhere. Put this under for a video. Oh, priority, bro, is not lose the foam. dude. That comes off super easy. One good dusty wind. I'm just going to get that. We'll get duct tape. Yeah, we need to. Are you going to record going forward? How far you going? Wherever the wind takes me, Matt. Lantern going to fall? You're ready to go. All right. You ready? What else do I need? Um, the paddles. That'd be good. You going to put it right there in the room? Huh? At the bottom of the stairs. Hey, remember also you can't see what's under the water. So, don't be like, "Oh, I can flip." You can't see. I'm going to turn it off. Okay. Yeah. Oh, that's cool. It is. Ah, not bad. that's funny. Bro's going on a little adventure. Yeah, I am. Want to paddle, bro? All right. There you go, Mark. Thanks, See you, Mark. See you, Mark. Mark is out on the cano canoe. See you, Subscribe. Mark said subscribe. So do it. Let's go, bro. You're moving, bro. All right, we're going around. We're going around. That actually looks cool, guys. [music] I'm in my kayak and I'm just floating. [music] There he is. What up, Mark? How's it going? Okay, hold on. Can't dang. the uh the heat from this flashlight just popped this uh this kayak. So now that's what we're dealing with. Is he coming? Yo, hello. Hold on, guys. Let's go. Guy was on his four-wheeler. The uh the guy's on a four-wheeler out. Yeah, I know. I uh I just passed one. All right. I just want to let you know I don't know. I don't I don't really trust Yeah, I agree. I appreciate you. All right, bro. I got to go, though. All right. Peace out. All right. Peace out. This is crazy. this is so freaky. We are just making our way. I don't know what that is in the water, right? Oh, something something just scraped the bottom of this thing and it felt like a gator. guys. Very well could be a gator in these waters. And it felt like something just scraped and it was hard. Making my way back down [music] to chat and map. I like people behind me. There's a car. There's a car coming. Oh, that's a four-wheeler. Here he comes. I hope Mark's all right. I don't trust them. Yeah, they just went behind that building up there. Dude, what's happening? Yeah, dude. It's cold. What's up, dude? Say what's up to the YouTube channel. People are crazy, bro. No telling. What are you doing? I'm just riding around looking. That's awesome, bro. Yeah, I'm auto. Auto. I'm Mark, bro. Be safe out there. All right. See you. Guy was awesome, guys. Mark is uh around the corner over there. I think he's coming. Going to go over here. Trying to miss that tree. Oh, here we go. Yep. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. We just hit something. Don't know what it was. It was under the water. That That was weird. Oh. Don't know what that is. Definitely. Oh. Uh-oh. We hit something. I don't know what it is. No, it's just going to be some serious wind. Hey. I'm going to go to the first floor You're going to the first? Go to the first. Okay. First floor. Going to pull around where that red truck is. Yeah. Let's go. What up? Hey, where you at? I'm working. I'm almost there. I'm about to be there. I'm down there with that guy. I'm coming. I'm coming. About to see Matt. Yeah. Come here. I hear him. Guys, here he comes. You can see it in the rearview mirror. Almost there. What's up, boy? Yeah, he does look low. What's up, bro? You look low. I never got flip. Good. You're low. You're low. Oh, that was sick. Oh, shoot. I would say that was a success. I would say it was a success, too. Arcano gang. Since I just got absolutely soaked and gross, uh I'm going to actually shower. I'm going to use one of those big jugs of water, take off all my clothes, and then just like pour it over me and shower. Just rinse off. There was a power flash behind you. No it's cold. I bet. There you go, man. That does look cold. Looks good, though. That looks refreshing. Dude, that wind is so cold. Okay. Oh my gosh. Dude, that was awesome. That felt so good. All right, K gang. Let me go change. All right, I am changed. I feel like a new man. I'm ready to go to sleep. I am about to brush my teeth and get ready for bed. You about to do the same thing? Yeah. So ready to go to sleep. Today was a rough day for me. Most of the day I was out of commission because I was sick and I'm still kind of feeling not 100%. So I'm ready to get some good sleep and go 100% tomorrow. But hey, I bet when it came time for the hurricane, he showed up. Dang right I did. Dang right I did. For the Ko gang, cuz we love you and we'll do anything for you, Kano gang. Hit that subscribe button. We love you. All right, Kano gang. [music] Uh, it is time to go to sleep. Chad's already almost asleep over here about to pass out. What a day it has been today. All right, we'll see you guys in the morning. Peace. Little update. Me and Chad couldn't sleep in the front seat. I'm comfy. So, we uh we made a pallet back here. We got some covers and we're about to sleep. All right. The things we do to get some good rest. We're in the back. Okay. Gang, we're in the back. Please hit that subscribe button and subscribe to the chat because uh we are Oh, hi the [laughter] back of my truck. Matt's over there. Oh gosh. Subscribe, please. Guys, ch I got my fan. My bud sharing covers. How cute. Good night, boys. Creepy. Good night, Ko Gang. Love you guys. We just uh we just got up. Chad, how'd you sleep? Like not heaven. That right there is what we had to sleep on last night. Me and Chad shared that pillow. Rise and shine. Rise and shine. Did you and Chad sleep good last night? Sure did. Did you and Chad sleep good last night? Uh me and Chad did not sleep good. Wait, really? Definitely not as good as you and uh you and Grinch Chad over there. Y'all look like y'all were cuddling up pretty nice. Yeah, it was nice. All right, bro. Hi. Come check out the uh the aftermath. Question. Do you think there's still None? Something tells me there's not. I don't know. I could be wrong. Let's check it out. Yeah. Water gone. Water's gone, bro. Figured. Yeah. Oh, the streets look somewhat clear, but I bet there's so much debris scattered in here, bro. At least some of the trash didn't. That's true. All right, [music] bro. What do you say we get out of here?

  Top Comments:
  1. @MarkPeyton [448 likes]: CANO GANG!😎🌀↙️
Go to https://buyraycon.com/nadogang
to get up to 30% off sitewide! Brought to you by Raycon. ENJOY THE VIDEO🍿🎥 #CanoGang
  2. @Adembasic-n1z [1 likes]: 55:12 only a little sick before the storm then the rest after 58:00 he was so energetic in the storm.
  3. @AubreeSebek: 1:34:29 BRO I CANNOT HEAR ANYTHING💔🥀😭✌️
  4. @Epicgamer0526: How Is the drivers seat keep Changing
  5. @CodyAndGames: 1:33:59 sounds like a car alarm
  6. @Chhana94: Dang bro why is there so many brown water in the whole wide world?😂
  7. @KristinBrady-q8l: I have seen a YouTuber record, hurricane Ian
  8. @ericsonumali8116: 😮 omg wow just wow this video is fire bro like and subscribe for them
  9. @Bocafamily-1127: It’s shits and giggles when people are stuck on the road in Florida they have no way of getting home and there is five tornadoes severe flooding and but yet these guys believe they can go into an eye of a storm thinking it’s funny, and people don’t realize the fact they’re risking their car and their life just to get “AI” “Fake” etc
  10. @Yert_stev: 41:07 ooh things are gonna go sideways:goodvibes:
  11. @MhikeNhaigelCruz: THE FART.
  12. @EmilyOrtiz-i5i1h: 1:26:35 AURA
  13. @Sophiaparrish-f1z: Hurricane Milton was a mile stronger then hurricanes Andrew
  14. @CosmicCuriosity00: Thx mark peyton i love hurricanes i loved the movie thx
  15. @marilizebuchanan7087: Best thing ever happened in the video
  16. @marilizebuchanan7087: He’ll yeah I am here
  17. @marilizebuchanan7087: Hell yeah I’m here in twenty twenty six
  18. @Muatangman: I watched the entire thing
  19. @Muatangman: 35:00 MAX VELOCITY
  20. @lydiahazelahsulaiman415: mark you are gonna need to make the pit stop back

- The Florida Seminoles in Hurricane Season: Kind: captions Language: en What if I told you that the most destructive natural phenomenon on the planet was just another ordinary season for an entire people? Imagine winds that uproot centuries-old [music] trees and a wall of water that wipes out everything in its path were not the [music] end of the world for these people, but simply a familiar entry in the calendar. How can one remain calm when [music] the greatest power of nature is bearing down on you? For many years, we studied the tribes [music] of the Great Plains, marveled at the builders of longhouses, and were amazed by the resilience of the gatherers of the subarctic forests. Growing accustomed to tales of extreme [music] cold. But this story is about something entirely different. Far to the south, in the very heart of Florida's deadly and impassable [music] swamps, people built their lives under conditions that today would be called a zone of [music] absolute disaster. They lived in constant anticipation of powerful tropical cyclones, turning deadly winds into a routine and an integral part of their annual cycle. How did they manage not just to survive, but to thrive where modern technology [music] fails? Today, we will uncover the secrets that the mangrove thickets have [music] hidden for centuries. You'll see the unique engineering solutions of the Florida Seminole, from building special stilt houses to incredible survival tactics [music] in the eye of a massive storm. Watch the video to the end to understand how ancient knowledge [music] helped tame the fury of the ocean. Believe me, after this video, your view of the wild will change forever. Let's begin. The hidden truth that everyone keeps quiet about completely overturns our understanding of how ancient people related to the most powerful and devastating force on the planet. The Florida Seminoles, who inhabited the vast swampy territories of the southern peninsula, never viewed an approaching tropical storm as a sudden catastrophe or divine punishment. For this incredibly pragmatic people, a powerful hurricane was as natural and inevitable a season as a cold winter on the plains. They learned to coexist with that terrifying natural phenomenon from which modern people prefer to flee immediately to safe distances. This unique people viewed the piercing, howling wind, and the approaching massive waves as an integral part of the eternal natural cycle of renewal of the Florida land. The Seminole culture was entirely devoid of any desire to artificially subdue nature or erect impenetrable walls in the path of massive air masses. They understood perfectly well that any rigid resistance to the incredible pressure of hurricane force winds would inevitably lead to the complete [music] destruction of even the sturdiest wooden structures. Instead of building massive protective shelters, they relied on incredible flexibility, lightness, and the ability to literally blend into the surrounding swamp [music] landscape. Their compact settlements organically dissolved into the dense vegetation, posing [music] absolutely no challenge to the colossal natural force sweeping in from the ocean. Such an architectural approach required the deepest practical knowledge of the laws governing the movement of wind and water across vast open spaces. The traditional hurricane season on the peninsula lasted several long months and demanded constant, almost instinctive readiness from every resident. The Seminoles structured their entire complex annual rhythm >> [music] >> exclusively around the expectation of inevitable strong winds and torrential tropical rains. [music] The corn harvest, the gathering of timber for construction, and preventive repairs to their tall dwellings were always planned with the inevitable arrival of a powerful storm in mind. The daily routine of this vast tribe never came to a complete halt, but rather smoothly transitioned into a new, more sheltered mode of operation. People methodically adapted their customary daily activities to the conditions of constantly rising humidity and winds that grew stronger with each passing day. The specific Florida climate dictated its own strict building codes, requiring constant cross-ventilation [music] of all wooden structures being erected. Dense swamp vegetation and high humidity completely blocked the free movement of fresh air at the very surface of the soft earth. This is [music] precisely why the Seminole intentionally raised the smooth floors of their homes on special [music] tall stilts, creating powerful natural ventilation from below. The empty, ventilated space beneath the wooden flooring ensured that the interior of the house remained dry even during the most severe ocean floods. This ingenious engineering trick allowed them to work and rest comfortably amidst the dense swamp vapors and constant [music] dampness. The southern people's attitude toward accumulated material possessions differed radically from the modern approach we are accustomed to. >> The sudden loss of their old dwelling during a particularly severe and violent storm was never perceived by them as an irreparable loss. All the necessary natural materials for building a completely [music] new, sturdy house were always found in abundance right at their feet. The complete restoration of a structure destroyed by the wind took only a few days of [music] coordinated collective labor by many adult members of a single large community. The primary, indisputable value was considered to be exclusively >> the accumulated knowledge of how to properly tie support posts and skillfully weave palm roofs. It would be very interesting to hear your perspective on this unusual perception of destructive natural phenomena. What do you think about this unique ability of people to view a devastating hurricane not [music] as a tragedy, but as part of everyday life? Share your detailed thoughts on this incredible fact in the comments section right below this video. Also, be sure to subscribe to our channel to regularly receive access to new, in-depth historical investigations into the lives of indigenous peoples. Your ongoing support motivates us to uncover even more hidden details from the daily lives of ancient North American civilizations. A secret passed down from generation to generation is hidden in the simple atmospheric [music] changes that precede the powerful onslaught of a tropical storm. The Seminole could unerringly detect the relentless approach of a [music] destructive hurricane long before the strong winds began to bend the branches of tall trees. For hours, they would watch intently [music] for the slightest change in the color of the high sky, which took on a very specific leaden [music] green hue before the storm. Tall, feathery clouds resembling endless, [music] elongated threads served as the very first and most reliable warning of a storm brewing over [music] the ocean. These light and transparent bands of cloud moved incredibly quickly across the entire sky, significantly out pacing the main heavy air masses. The adult inhabitants of the settlements paid the closest attention to the physical behavior [music] of the water in the wide bays and countless inland marshes. [music] Several long days before the direct hit of the storm, the level of the dark [music] water began to rise very slowly, but absolutely steadily and surely. This frightening hydrological phenomenon was caused by the hurricane's colossal [music] atmospheric pressure relentlessly pushing vast masses of ocean water deep into [music] the flat mainland. Familiar coastal landmarks and protruding tree roots gradually disappeared beneath the advancing mass of water in the dense mangrove [music] thickets. The current's speed in the narrow channels changed abruptly, unmistakably signaling [music] to people a global disruption of the region's usual water balance. The direction and general nature of the wind were the most important and accurate natural indicators for long-term weather forecasting. The usual gentle sea breeze was gradually replaced by sharp, cold, and gusty currents of air that carried the pungent smell of seaweed washed ashore. This pre-storm wind did not blow constantly, [music] but swept over the camp in short, yet incredibly strong and dense gusts. Experienced members of the tribe could accurately determine the approximate distance to the center of the [music] approaching storm by measuring the intervals between these powerful gusts. The shorter the lulls between the powerful [music] gusts became, the closer the destructive epicenter of the tropical hurricane was to the settlement. Deep into the night, the main harbinger [music] of a severe hurricane was a very unusual, but well-known glow around the moon's disc. A large luminous ring formed [music] in the sky due to a dense cluster of microscopic ice crystals in the uppermost layers of the tropical atmosphere. The brighter and wider this nocturnal ring became, the more rainwater the cyclone approaching the land carried with it. The familiar stars appeared very dim and heavily blurred through the approaching [music] dense gray veil of high, uniform storm clouds. The boundless night sky completely lost [music] its usual depth, quickly turning into a solid, heavy, and oppressive gray dome over the swamps. The temperature [music] of the humid air just before the strongest storm could rise quite sharply, creating the effect of a giant greenhouse over the forest. An incredibly thick and sticky [music] fog rose from the surface of the warm marshes, which did not dissipate [music] for a long time, even in very strong winds. The stifling hot and humid air was evidence of the accumulation of colossal thermal energy in the lower layers of the thickening atmosphere. The massive trees began to secrete much more sticky resin, trying to protect their rough bark from the excessive [music] and destructive humidity. The scent of this incredibly fresh tree resin mingled thickly with [music] the pungent aroma of the vast number of aquatic plants blooming all around. A comprehensive and thoughtful analysis [music] of all these diverse natural signs completely replaced any modern meteorological instruments for the observant [music] Seminoles. They methodically pieced together a complete picture of the approaching tropical [music] storm from the elongated shape of the clouds, the scent of the heavy wind, [music] and the density of the swamp water. Each such observation was invariably confirmed by years of practical experience >> and discussed in detail at serious councils of adult community members. Errors in these complex natural calculations were virtually impossible, as this multi-level forecasting system had been honed over many centuries. The surrounding nature itself provided [music] them with enough time and obvious clues to prepare in time for the major climatic challenge. This accumulated knowledge allowed people to always stay one vital step ahead of the destructive and blind forces of nature. In the next [music] chapter, you will learn what unique architectural ingenuity they employed to build sturdy houses without a single solid wall. Something you've never seen before, a perfect and incredibly sturdy house that completely lacks the usual exterior walls. The traditional wooden dwelling of the Florida Seminole is known simply as a chickee, which translated into modern terms simply means a cozy home. This lightweight structure is radically and completely different from the massive longhouses of the Iroquois or the dense [music] leather teepees of the Great Plains Indians. A classic chickee consists of a perfectly level wooden platform raised high above the damp ground on very sturdy and thick cypress posts. Above this open platform rises a huge massive roof skillfully woven from hundreds of dried broad leaves of a tropical palm tree. The main architectural uniqueness of this chickee lies in the absolute and complete absence of any solid exterior wooden walls. In the harsh conditions of Florida's incredibly humid climate, solid walls would inevitably lead to the immediate formation of destructive mold and stifling stuffiness. The completely open structure allowed the blowing wind to freely and unimpededly ventilate the dwelling from all four sides [music] around the clock. Such constant and strong circulation of fresh air kept the wooden floors completely dry and maximally extended [music] the service life of the entire structure. At the same time, the incredibly wide overhangs of the massive palm leaf roof very reliably protected the interior of the platform from lashing [music] sideways tropical downpours. The specific selection of suitable wood for the load-bearing support [music] piles was strictly regulated and based entirely on the people's rich practical experience. The Seminole used only straight trunks of swamp cypress, which was distinguished by its incredible natural resistance to rapid decay in a warm, humid environment. These thick cypress logs were carefully and meticulously stripped of their rough bark and driven incredibly deep into the soft, pliable swamp soil. These carefully calibrated support posts could stand for many decades in [music] murky, stagnant water, fully retaining their original colossal strength and hardness. It was precisely these posts that always ensured the fundamental unshakable stability of the entire lightweight wooden structure during the most powerful ocean storms. All fasteners in the classic chickee completely and categorically excluded the use of any metal nails or staples familiar to us. Wooden beams, long rafters, and load-bearing piles were firmly joined together solely through the use of highly complex systems of joints and lashings. Long, flexible roots of certain plants, and narrow, sturdy strips of carefully tanned thick leather >> were actively used as reliable ropes. During very strong and sudden gusts of wind, such tight joints never snapped in half, but merely flexed slightly under the enormous load. This incredible flexibility allowed the entire tall house to sway smoothly with the wind, absorbing the colossal destructive kinetic energy of the storm. The interior layout of such a chickee was always extremely minimalist, austere, and strictly governed by functional rules of space saving. High up near the roof, long ropes were stretched taut for drying spare clothing and safely storing light baskets [music] of food supplies. In the very center of the wooden platform, a special open space was often left for a small, constantly smoldering hearth. The acrid smoke from this fire rose unimpeded through small openings near the ridge of the thatched roof. The blazing fire was built exclusively on a very thick layer of sand or clay, which reliably protected the wooden floor from accidental ignition. The traditional construction of a new chickee was always a large-scale collective endeavor, firmly uniting many adults in a single effort. Strong men handled the heavy task of harvesting massive [music] cypress logs in the forest and the precise erection of the building's load-bearing wooden frame. Experienced women took on the incredibly painstaking and time-consuming task of gathering and carefully, tightly laying thousands of palm leaves [music] on the roof. Such organized collective labor made it possible to fully erect a sturdy and [music] reliable house in just a few full days of continuous work. Each new Seminole forest settlement always consisted of a picturesque cluster of these incredibly light, well-designed, and elegant structures. This unique open architecture boldly challenged all conventional notions of solid walls and reliable protection from the elements. Please like this video if you too were amazed by such incredible engineering ingenuity and the ability of ancient people to harness the laws of physics. Here is what happens behind closed doors just before the arrival of a devastating storm, when the heavens are ready to fully unleash their fury [music] upon the earth. Preparations for the first strike of a massive hurricane began immediately after the first undeniable and alarming atmospheric signs appeared in nature. The Seminoles never succumbed to panic. Their well-rehearsed actions were incredibly precise, calibrated, and honed [music] to the point of automaticity through years of training. Every forest settlement [music] instantly shifted into a special state of maximum alertness, where every adult knew exactly what their specific duties were. The time for fuss was irrevocably lost. The most critical period of methodically securing all property and food supplies was rapidly approaching. The greatest asset of the large community, aside from the wooden dwellings themselves, had always been the long transport canoes hidden in the reeds. These sturdy boats provided vital mobility, and their sudden loss would mean complete isolation amidst the deep, flooded mangrove forest. The heavy wooden canoes were urgently hauled far up onto the high bank and tied incredibly securely [music] to the thickest trunks of old cypress trees. To prevent the howling wind from lifting these boats into the air, they were always turned upside down and pressed [music] tightly against the ground. Sometimes empty canoes were deliberately filled with heavy, smooth stones and [music] wet mud to maximize their weight before the hurricane struck. All of the tribe's food supplies required particularly careful, multi-layered protection from the [music] ever-present water and all-pervading tropical humidity. Dried provisions, hard corn, and edible roots were quickly transferred into incredibly tightly woven baskets made of marsh reeds. These precious, full baskets were hung high under the very ridge of the chickee roof, where rising water could not reach [music] them even during a severe flood. Some essential foods were wrapped very tightly in huge, broad leaves and coated with a thick layer of sticky clay to ensure complete airtightness. Such sealed clay cocoons could lie in murky [music] water for weeks on end, keeping the food inside completely dry and edible. In the most protected center of the settlement, they always prepared an incredibly large supply of completely dry firewood [music] to maintain the vital fire after a This firewood was very tightly covered [music] with several layers of broad palm leaves and old, resin-soaked, waterproof [music] leather awnings. Maintaining the ability to start a hot fire incredibly quickly was critically important for subsequently [music] drying wet clothing and preparing hot food. For the same vital purpose, completely dry plant tender and sharp flints were always carefully hidden in special [music] airtight tubes. These precious sealed tubes were constantly carried on their belts by the most experienced [music] and responsible adult members of the Native American tribe. All heavy clothing and thick winter capes made of animal skins were folded as carefully as possible >> into very tight, dense, and compact rolls. These prepared rolls were packed into special, spacious, waterproof [music] bags expertly sewn from carefully treated thick hides. A massive storm was crashing down on the coast as a solid, impenetrable wall of incredibly dense rain and [music] a wildly howling, roaring wind. The familiar horizon instantly and completely vanished behind a thick veil of flying gray water. And the sky merged with the raging, [music] churning swamps. Tall, old trees began to bend submissively toward the ground emitting a very loud crackling sound under the colossal pressure of the heavy air masses. The murky water beneath the chickee platforms rose rapidly turning every dwelling into a tiny wooden island amid a raging freshwater ocean. The longest, darkest, and most incredibly tense part of Florida's annual hurricane season was beginning. The preparations ended in complete silence unconditionally yielding to the primal power of the howling wind and lashing water. In the next chapter, you will learn exactly how they coped with this terrible weather in reality without leaving their open dwellings. The geographical location of the Seminoles' hidden forest settlements played a key and absolutely decisive role in their survival during the most powerful hurricanes. They never built their light, cheap chickees on the open and completely [music] defenseless sandy beaches of Florida's salty ocean coast. Their compact homes were always very securely hidden deep within the intricate labyrinths of dense mangrove forests [music] and endless freshwater swamps. These amazing mangrove trees formed a unique, incredibly dense buffer [music] zone between the raging ocean and all the inland areas of the peninsula. It was this vast, living green wall that always bore the very first, most powerful, and devastating blow of any tropical storm. Mangrove thickets possess an incredibly complex, branched, and powerful root system that rises high above the constant level of dark water. These endlessly intertwined, sturdy stilt roots always form an incredibly dense network capable of effectively dissipating the colossal energy of onrushing ocean waves. When a terrifying storm surge drove a gigantic [music] mass of water straight from the ocean, the mangrove roots acted as a giant, impenetrable, [music] natural filter. The enormous wave passing through this rigid barrier rapidly lost its initial height, speed, and destructive kinetic energy. Only a relatively gentle, though significant, rise in the level of muddy water reached the Native American wooden settlements without the aggressive, destructive [music] surf. The voluminous canopies of these remarkable trees also served an incredibly important and irreplaceable protective function for the entire peninsula. The dense, tough foliage and incredibly tightly intertwined branches created an incredibly powerful barrier [music] in the direct path of the roaring hurricane force winds. The very fact that the settlements were located deep within the center of the flat peninsula significantly reduced the intensity of the passing cyclone. It is well known that massive hurricanes are always fueled by the energy of warm ocean water and making landfall inevitably and rapidly weakens their structure. Moving slowly over the damp, but still solid lands of the Everglades, the terrible storm gradually lost its initial thermal fuel. By the time it reached the remote villages of the reclusive Seminole, the powerful cyclone had often transformed into an ordinary, albeit very strong, lingering storm. The clever Indians masterfully exploited this immutable geographical law of the harsh natural world to their maximum >> and obvious advantage. The mangrove forests also reliably and firmly held back [music] vast masses of soft soil from total erosion and complete washout into the ocean. Without their incredibly strong soil-anchoring roots, the entire Florida coast could have been completely and irrevocably washed away by giant storm waves. It was these sturdy trees that kept the shoreline stable and unbreakable [music] throughout many long and turbulent centuries. Experienced Seminoles knew for certain that the soft earth beneath their wooden homes would never [music] disappear even after the fiercest and longest hurricane. This absolute confidence in the incredible stability of the forest soil was the main foundation for the construction [music] of their permanent wooden platforms. The unique ecosystem of the Florida swamps possessed an incredible, astonishing ability to recover very quickly after any storm. Mangrove branches broken by strong winds rotted incredibly quickly in the warm swamp water generously fertilizing the soil for new green shoots. This centuries-old alliance between the Florida Indians and the [music] dense mangrove forests was an example of an incredible and ideal natural symbiosis. The sturdy trees always provided people with reliable protection, excellent building [music] materials, and a safe place to live in seclusion. In return, the people always treated the forest with incredible care never cutting it down unless absolutely necessary for survival. They carefully took from nature exactly as much as was needed to sustain their modest lives and repair their dwellings. This incredible harmony allowed them to survive the harshest seasons time and again for many long generations. silent reveals the astonishing and utterly incomprehensible calm of the people right in the center of the raging storm. [music] When the massive hurricane reached its maximum destructive force, all the Seminoles were already on their high wooden platforms. All around them, the wind raged like a solid wall snapping thick tree branches with a crash while murky [music] water rose almost to the floorboards. Yet inside the completely open and drafty chickees, an atmosphere [music] of incredible calm and absolute silent resignation to their fate reigned. The people simply sat in incredibly tight groups wrapped in heavy [music] skins and methodically waited for the raging storm to finally subside. None of them ever tried to shout or hopelessly drown out the deafening roar of the howling, icy wind >> with their own voices. Rare conversations took place only in cases of the utmost necessity in incredibly [music] short, clear, and abrupt phrases. They conserved their inner strength for a possible emergency [music] move to a safe place should the water level suddenly rise above the critical mark. Any physical activity during this time was reduced to an absolute minimum so as not to waste precious and [music] necessary energy. This long, static wait was their unique form of deep meditation and complete unity with the raging, untamed nature. In these most terrifying moments, people relied solely on their incredibly keen hearing to fully monitor the dangerous [music] situation around them. The sudden, loud crack of snapping leather straps or the terrifying sound of a tree breaking nearby served as a signal for immediate, life-saving action. Human hearing was sharpened to an incredible degree unerringly picking up the slightest changes in the tone of the raging, howling wind. When the very center of the powerful hurricane, known to all as the eye of the storm, passed directly over the settlement, a sudden, incredible silence fell. The howling wind died down very abruptly. The heavy, dark sky quickly cleared and the bright [music] sun might even peek through the torn clouds. The experienced Seminoles knew this incredibly deceptive phenomenon perfectly well and never left their secure shelters. They always used this brief respite only to quickly inspect the fortifications and secure any loose green palm fronds. Everyone understood perfectly well that soon the fierce wind would strike with renewed, incredible force, but this time from the [music] exact opposite direction. The hurricane continued to test the strength of the platforms for many long hours gradually moving inland. In the next chapter, you will learn how they assessed [music] the devastating consequences of this terrible weather after the calm returned. When the howling wind finally died down and the incredibly heavy gray clouds dispersed, a completely transformed world lay before [music] the Seminoles. Vast swamps had overflowed their banks everywhere completely turning all the familiar forest trails [music] into incredibly deep and murky water barriers. Absolutely all familiar landmarks along the shore had vanished beneath the thick, muddy water or were completely hidden beneath gigantic piles of broken branches. The air after the storm became incredibly clear, transparent, fresh, and completely filled with the pungent scent of broken wood and sea salt. The most critical and very long phase of assessing the damage caused by the storm and carefully planning all future restoration work began. The very first task was always an incredibly thorough and lengthy inspection of every tall chickee in the forest settlement for hidden damage. Experienced men carefully checked the perfect verticality of all the cypress piles [music] and the absolute integrity of the supporting wooden platform. Old rope fastenings, severely weakened by constant friction and prolonged exposure to moisture, were examined with incredible care and methodically from all angles. Some complex knots required immediate and very tight retying >> to permanently prevent the accidental collapse of the heavy roof during the next gust of wind. The upper palm leaves on the enormous roof were often found to be severely disheveled and required urgent and complete [music] partial replacement. The overall level of murky water in the vast swamp [music] after a severe hurricane could remain critically and incredibly high for several long weeks. Huge masses of accumulated rainwater drained very slowly and reluctantly across Florida's flat, table-like landscape back [music] toward the ocean. Moving on foot around the camp became absolutely impossible. Any activity required the mandatory use of wooden transport canoes. People very carefully untied their longboats from tall trees and carefully inspected them for dangerous holes or deep cracks. These boats were thoroughly cleaned of tightly packed mud, old rotten leaves, and small twigs that had become lodged. The most important and labor-intensive task during the massive repairs was the complete replacement of [music] damaged green palm leaves on the high roofs. The howling wind very often mercilessly tore off entire huge sections of the roof, leaving gaping holes in the protective dome of the houses. Large groups of experienced gatherers set out in their canoes to the most remote parts of the forest where undamaged, sturdy sable palms grew. They incredibly carefully cut only the largest, widest, and greenest leaves, carefully leaving the young shoots for the trees' continued growth. Returning to camp, they brought back huge, incredibly heavy bundles of [music] this most valuable natural roofing material for construction. Properly laying brand new leaves always required special skill and precise knowledge of traditional, complex weaving techniques. The enormous leaves were incredibly carefully smoothed out by hand and laid [music] strictly on top of the old layer, completely covering all gaps. In the very center of the level platform, the hearth was carefully rebuilt on an incredibly thick cushion of dry, light-colored sand brought in by canoe. All the wooden utensils and numerous woven baskets immediately took their strictly [music] designated places along the edges of the incredibly spacious dwelling. The huge wooden house once again became the most comfortable and absolutely safe place [music] for rest and daily work for the entire family. The entire, lengthy repair process had a distinctly social character, bringing the entire Native American community incredibly close together. Numerous neighbors actively helped one another, moving quickly from one damaged wooden hut to another throughout the day. A very short time after the terrible storm, the huge forest camp looked as if absolutely nothing had happened. The fresh and incredibly green palm leaves on the roofs >> quickly turned yellow under the scorching rays of the tropical sun, blending in with the old ones. The tribe's life was quickly returning to its usual, incredibly measured rhythm, fully submitting to the eternal [music] and harsh laws of nature. The restored wooden canoes once again stood proudly above the murky waters of the endless swamps, fully prepared to face new climatic challenges. A great deal of hard work lay ahead to adapt to the aquatic forest landscape, which had been completely transformed by the hurricane. The massive hurricane radically and beyond recognition altered the geography of Florida, transforming vast land areas into a continuous freshwater sea. In such incredibly harsh conditions, the traditional wooden canoe remained the only possible >> and absolutely reliable means of transportation. These longboats, hollowed out from a single massive cypress trunk, were true masterpieces of the Indians' unrivaled shipbuilding. They had a completely flat bottom and an incredibly shallow draft, allowing them to glide easily over the water's surface, barely touching underwater obstacles. The role of wooden canoes during this incredibly difficult post-storm period grew exponentially, becoming the sole guarantee of survival. The lengthy construction of such a massive canoe was an incredibly complex and labor-intensive process, [music] requiring immense patience and skill from the builders. Experienced Seminoles selected the straightest, most massive cypress trunk, felled it, and incredibly slowly burned out the core using controlled fire. The heavily charred inner wood was scraped away with incredible care using sharp shells [music] and special flint scrapers until the sides reached the desired thickness. The finished, enormous boat turned out to be incredibly light, astonishingly sturdy, and completely resistant to the inevitable rot in the damp, marshy environment. Such an incredibly fine, durable canoe served reliably for many decades and was carefully passed down from father to son. After a devastating hurricane, when deep, murky water completely obscured all the old trails, boats became the only means of transportation. Many people moved through the completely flooded forest using incredibly long and sturdy wooden poles to push off from the bottom. Wooden oars were used exclusively in very deep sections of completely open water where a long pole could not reach a solid foothold. Steering such a longboat through incredibly dense mangrove thickets required astonishing dexterity >> and incredibly precise calculation of every physical movement. The enormous canoe glided completely silently and smoothly between the trunks of trees protruding from the water, overcoming absolutely any obstacle. Wooden canoes were constantly used to safely transport the incredibly heavy loads needed to rebuild the entire camp. They were used to very carefully carry brand new thick cypress logs for support piles, huge bundles of palm leaves, and supplies of heavy clay. The carrying capacity of these longboats was simply astonishing despite their apparent fragility and surprising lightness of movement. Properly balancing the heavy cargo required immense experience to ensure the boat never capsized during a sharp turn in a narrow forest channel. An incredibly well-loaded canoe glided smoothly and very steadily through the water, obeying every movement of the long pole without question. The gathering of vital forest resources in completely flooded areas was carried out exclusively and solely with the help of these long wooden canoes. People moved very slowly through the incredibly dense mangrove thickets, carefully searching for useful materials blown by strong winds onto high branches. From these stable boats, they carefully gathered the juicy fruits of bromeliad plants and edible thick roots protruding high above the water's surface. The sturdy canoe served as an incredibly strong and absolutely stable wooden platform for the daily gathering of these wild plants at great depths. The vast amount of water brought by the hurricane paradoxically made access to the high tree canopies and entirely new sources of plant food incredibly easy. The unique skills of masterful canoe handling were honed by every adult member of the tribe throughout their entire long life. A perfect, stunning sense of balance and an incredibly deep understanding of the complex dynamics of water currents became almost unconscious and instinctive for the people. People could stand upright in a narrow boat for an incredibly long time, pusing off strongly with a pole and maintaining absolutely perfect balance on the water. During periods of incredibly severe post-storm flooding, it was precisely these wooden boats that were the main guarantee of survival for the entire large community. Without them, the tribe would have been forever trapped on their high platforms amidst the endless, terrifying, and deep expanse [music] of water. The massive hurricane made the murky water the rightful, undisputed mistress of Florida, and the canoe allowed the Indians to live with it in incredible harmony. The sleek wooden boat was a physical extension of the human being, his primary tool for exploring the flooded, yet incredibly resource-rich vast world. As long as the strong tribe had sturdy boats, they could easily weather the aftermath of absolutely any tropical Soon, the overall water level began to steadily recede, marking the long-awaited end of yet another incredibly harsh storm season in Florida. Ancient nature was returning incredibly slowly but surely to its perfectly ordinary and peaceful green state. For the Native American tribes of the Great [music] Plains, the most crucial and incredibly grueling test of endurance >> was always the bitterly harsh snowy winter. They built very warm winter camps, sewed incredibly thick clothing from bison hides, and stockpiled [music] vast quantities of nutritious pemmican. Their complex way of life was entirely dictated by the anticipation of bitter cold and the constant struggle against the piercing, merciless, freezing [music] wind of the prairie. For the Florida Seminole, the long season of devastating [music] tropical hurricanes was an equally pivotal and incredibly important time of year. The incredible destructive power of wind and water completely replaced the [music] severe frost and heavy snowfalls for them, shaping a completely unique way of life. This wet hurricane season was never a sudden, unpredictable disaster. It always had its own absolutely clear and predictable time frame. Experienced [music] Seminoles knew exactly when storms began to actively form over the ocean and when the likelihood of them occurring was reduced [music] to a minimum. This incredibly valuable knowledge allowed them to plan their movements, harvest, and construction [music] work in the forest with great skill and precision. During the most dangerous months, they always made sure not to stray far from their hidden wooden [music] camps, which were reliably protected by mangrove forests. The entire life of the community smoothly shifted into a mode of incredibly cautious anticipation and absolute readiness for the powerful [music] onslaught of nature. They never viewed the colossal hurricane as a hostile force, but rather as an incredibly harsh yet absolutely necessary instrument of renewal. The powerful tropical wind mercilessly uprooted old rotten trees, instantly clearing a vast space for young and vigorous mangrove growth. Huge storm surges methodically cleared the swamps of the rotting remains of last year's vegetation and brought in fresh sand from the coast. This incredibly vast, cyclical process of colossal destruction and creation was the main foundation for maintaining the ecological balance in Florida. The Native Americans were fully aware of their modest role in this vast [music] natural system and made no attempt whatsoever to resist it. The annual powerful hurricanes methodically shaped the character of the Seminoles, making them incredibly resilient, completely independent, and incredibly resourceful people. The constant need to regularly rebuild their wooden homes fostered an incredible work ethic and an absolute ability to work seamlessly as part of a large team. Life on high wooden platforms amidst deeply flooded forests constantly demanded absolute vigilance and incredible spatial awareness. They mastered the art of deriving immense practical benefit even from the most destructive natural phenomena, skillfully using deep water for rapid movement. This unique people deservedly became the true and absolute masters of Florida's complex, dangerous, and incredibly changeable forest landscape. When the long season of severe storms finally came [music] to an end, the long-awaited time of incredibly peaceful life and abundant harvesting of nature's bounty arrived. The overall water level in the swamps dropped significantly, once again opening up free access to very fertile lands for the safe cultivation of corn and [music] squash. The vast forest quickly filled with edible roots, and the endless waterways provided the entire community with [music] absolutely everything necessary for an incredibly abundant life. A difficult period of long trials was gradually replaced by a period of incredible prosperity, generously rewarding the strong for their endless patience and resilience. The wild nature fully [music] compensated for its incredible and terrifying destruction with the absolutely incredible generosity of Florida's mild [music] climate. The centuries-long history of the Seminoles' incredible coexistence with powerful hurricanes undeniably proves that humans are capable of brilliantly adapting to absolutely any conditions. They never defeated the raging elements, but masterfully learned to live with them in incredibly deep harmony and absolute mutual understanding. Their remarkable method of survival lay not in brute force, but in incredible wisdom, mental flexibility, and absolute [music] observance. Unique knowledge, carefully accumulated over many generations, [music] allowed them to always transform an incredibly deadly storm into an entirely ordinary seasonal occurrence. This is an absolutely unique, stunning example of how an ancient culture can completely merge with its surrounding wet environment into a single whole. A massive hurricane was always an incredibly important season for them, not a catastrophe, a test of endurance, not the end of their world. >> They constantly lived with what we flee from and always found in this incredibly destructive chaos their own special, very austere peace. What unique topics regarding the survival and life of the indigenous peoples of North America would you like to discuss in detail in our upcoming videos? Please share your interesting suggestions [music] in the comments below this episode, and we will definitely take your feedback into account [music] when preparing new content. Be sure to subscribe to our channel so you never miss our new, incredibly in-depth dives into the fascinating history of ancient civilizations.

  Top Comments:
  1. @WayneGresham-z4q [1 likes]: AI is bullshit
  2. @willshedo [1 likes]: The video is supposedly about the seminoles. AI steadily presents pictures of the plains tribes. 
There were no buffalo in the florida swamps.
  3. @tobalinac6781: Did you use the word "Incredibly" enough?   I think you might have missed a defense or two.    Shame because it was a good video.