- Most Important Sailing Experience Lesson Learned: Kind: captions Language: en okay it is the end of the line friends it has been three months over 2 000 hours more than 850 nautical miles five britican experiences five islands of broken Furler malfunctioning davits refurbished headsail a night sale a clogged bathroom countless Hull scrapings and so much [Music] Simon and Kim and everyone I've met on britican enough for this fantastic experience as I've listed all the things a second ago that I've learned from Simon it was a very large surprising lesson I took away at the end of all this now Simon told me that he loves sailing because and I quote it's every sailor fighting against the ocean we all have a common enemy that brings us together to help one another so I think I'm walking away from here with a deeper sense of community now before I got here I saw Community as people who just had shared interests and would hang out with one another but after working with Simon and Kim seeing them invest so much time in going out and going to specific bars checking in on other friends as well as being quick to respond to other Sailors in emergency needs I see how Community goes much deeper so when I'm saying thank you to you all it's not just in regards to my ability to have like sailing skills and manageable it's the appreciation I feel for being welcomed into the community this whole experience has felt like this giant big welcome come hang out with us kind of vibe you know and in that feeling I can't help but want to say thank you for helping me when I needed it and thank you for letting me to help you when I could I know that's a weird one to say thank you for but I genuinely do appreciate it seriously I'm I'm gonna miss my time here and I'm so looking forward to getting back on the water so thank you again this has been phenomenal Simon it's an amazing babysitter foreign

  Top Comments:
  1. @andrewbryant324 [1 likes]: Great job, Enrique! Glad you feel welcomed to the sailing community.
  2. @AlsinoFerreira: 😎

- Experience Meets Design: 40 Years of Sailing Wisdom🛥️ #yachtdesign  #Sailing #luxuryyachts: Kind: captions Language: en [Applause] our designs they are based of ownership of seven Yachts till now 40 Years of sailing that is the idea and my drive to design things I'm an entrepreneur so it's also challenging for me to do all these things and I enjoy it seven boats 40 years what does that mean lot of cruising all over the planet short trips North Sea theed s Trope and Monaco all this exotic places that means also trans Atlantics what I did with Kotor that is a race uh sailing ship uh we crossed the Atlantic with that I did an Atlantic Crossing on my own so I was 30 days or more alone at Sea and I departed from b island is the East Co coast of America and I sailed up to Belgium it's the more difficult way the route is more North you always got this depressions that coming over you so a challenging thing so many noal mil many time spending on board living on board for now full-time living on board so all this experiences is the really feed for design yeah I always have in mind to be the best boat that I ever could own so there are a lot of people among you and and in the world who did the same things as I did no doubt about that maybe the difference in what I'm doing is that I like to share with passionate people uh if you look at this video I think you have a kind of passion for the sea and for Yachts so that's my Envy to share with you and translate that in the design of a boat that's the whole goal and I think in this this way we are quite unique that means if you should decide to go for a de you get all that yeah you will get all that from me and my team we can share your experiences and mine and finding the best way you want your arrangements and all you find important on the boat that's I think a value is different than a boat builder who build a boat for selling the boats my input is totally different the experience of cruising and living on board but I combine that with top of the bill Naval architect that are L motion from Oakland in New Zealand these guys they don't make a lot of noise but I can assure you that they are top level in Naval Architects they have the modernity Greg gloms is very good in design in producing a hole that is efficient for example their designs have have two World Records we can show a picture of this boat that is a big kind of camaran wave piercer and they have a world record that they circumnavigate only on solar energy that means this whole this equipment this autonomy this redundancy all that is in a project like that yeah and they did it second um world record they have is with Earth race there a kind of trimon they did also a circum navigation and that is still now still the fastest circum navigation with a motorboat that's also a design from low motion the interior is done by good Val Renown the Belgian interior architect also a friend of mine for him it's also a kind of challenge one he never did an interior of a yacht yeah I had to help him a bit in items like safety and that are not common in in in a house or a castle or a mansion but his IDE are perfect match with the philosophy that we want to have in our boats with low motion I learn also from him yeah and his intake is very valuable for us [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @cheungtayyeung1303 [1 likes]: 💖💖
  2. @riaandlee: Amazing Thierry ! Looking forward to hearing more about your sailing adventures and design process 😃
  3. @cheungtayyeung1303: 🤲🏆🤲🏆

- Inside IMPERIUM NOX – The Billionaire Mega Yacht Too Powerful to Be Public | Yachts World: Kind: captions Language: en What if the ocean itself had a throne and only the world's elite were allowed to approach it? At first glance, this superyacht doesn't just cut through the sea, it commands it. Rising from the deep like a floating empire, this vessel feels less like a ship and more like a legend brought to life. Meet Imperium NOX. An ultra super luxurious masterpiece designed to exist beyond limits, beyond price tags, beyond imagination. Among all modern super yachts, this one whispers a dangerous promise. Absolute power, absolute privacy. Built as a true floating fortress, Imperium NOX represents the peak of luxury lifestyle and refined living. From its deep navy and gold exterior to its palace-like superructure, every curve announces money, status, and intention. This is not a yacht for attention seekers. This is a billionaire yacht crafted for those who already own attention and no longer need it. Step inside and the world changes. The interior feels like Monaco redesigned for the open sea. Gold accented corridors, cathedral scale lounges, private salons hidden behind seamless walls. This is quiet luxury elevated into art. Every room exists to protect billionaire privacy. Whether hosting discrete negotiations worth billions or indulging in nights of legendary billionaire yacht parties that never reach social media, this is the kind of billionaire life the public never sees. Designed for sailing around the world, this mega yacht moves effortlessly from the glamour of the Monaco lifestyle to the serenity of Caribbean yaching. One week it's docked among elite Oshenko yacht neighbors in Monaco. The next it's anchored in turquoise silence hosting an exclusive boat life tour for hand selected guests. This is boat life at its most elite where sunrise swims, champagne sunsets and private orchestras feel routine. Every yacht spec on Imperium Inoex exists to dominate. Multiple helellipads, private observation decks, a submerged lounge that lets guests dine beneath the waterline. This is not just a luxury yacht. It's a self-contained kingdom. Whether viewed during a mega yacht tour, a luxury yacht tour, or a once-ina-lifetime private yacht tour, the experience feels unreal. Even seasoned captains whisper about it during yacht tours and yachts tour circuits. But what truly sets this vessel apart is its aura. In elite marinas, when it arrives, conversations stop. Other yachts feel smaller. Other superyacht owners feel watched. In unofficial billionaire yacht race conversations where prestige matters more than speed, Imperium Inoax quietly wins. It isn't chasing records, it's defining billionaire yacht status. For those who charter dreams, this vessel is the ultimate charter yacht fantasy. A yacht charter aboard Imperium Inoex isn't sold publicly. It's whispered about in private banking offices in penthouse corridors. The price beyond the idea of most expensive yacht. This is where rich lifestyle stops being flashy and becomes untouchable. From private dining halls overlooking endless horizons to silent libraries designed for rulers who read while the world sleeps, every inch reflects luxury lifestyle precision. Whether used for sailing, hosting discrete summits, or escaping the noise of nations, this private yacht exists for one reason, control. Control of space, control of time, control of perception. And yet, despite all this power, Imperium Inoex glides effortlessly. Proof that true wealth doesn't shout, it sails. This is not just another mega yacht tour or billionaire yach story. This is a glimpse into a world where the ocean bends to ambition, where money becomes architecture, and where refined living floats free from land. If this story pulled you in, imagine what we haven't shown you yet. Subscribe to Yacht's World because the most powerful stories on the sea are still waiting to be

  Top Comments:
  1. @yachtsworld01 [1 likes]: If you had unlimited wealth, would you keep this mega yacht private or show it to the world?

- Southern Yacht Club: My Honest Review & User Experience on the Best Sailing Community: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome to my review of the Southern Yacht Club. This yacht club, located in New Orleans, offers a unique blend of history and modern amenities that attract sailing enthusiasts from all over. Established in 1849, the club is one of the oldest yacht clubs in the United States. It's known for its high standards, community atmosphere, and top-notch facilities. I'll walk you through everything that makes the Southern Yacht Club stand out. From its breathtaking views to its welcoming community. Starting with the clubhouse, you're greeted by a historic building that has been well preserved, blending traditional charm with modern touches. Inside, there's a spacious bar area, dining rooms, and event spaces. The clubhouse exudes a refined yet relaxed atmosphere, making it perfect for both casual gatherings and formal events. Now, let's talk about the waterfront. The Southern Yacht Club has access to some of the best sailing waters in the region. Whether you're looking to join a race or simply enjoy a peaceful sail, the location offers plenty of opportunities. The club's docks are well-maintained with ample space for members boats and yachts. You'll also find a variety of marine services on site from fueling stations to maintenance facilities. Many other useful links you can find in the description. One of the biggest draws of the Southern Yacht Club is its strong sense of community. Members have the opportunity to participate in various sailing events, social gatherings, and educational programs. Whether you're a seasoned sailor or just getting started, the club offer something for everyone. The sailing programs here are top tier with classes available for both adults and children. The Club's commitment to fostering a welcoming and inclusive environment is truly impressive. However, not everything is perfect. While the facilities and community are exceptional, membership fees can be quite steep. The cost of joining the Southern Yacht Club may be a barrier for some, especially for those just starting their sailing journey. The club is known for its exclusivity, which can sometimes make it feel a little inaccessible to new members. Overall, the Southern Yacht Club is an exceptional place for those passionate about sailing and looking for a sense of community. If you're willing to invest in a membership, you'll find a club that provides a fantastic array of services, activities, and experiences. If you're considering joining, make sure to weigh the membership costs, and consider how much you'll use the facilities, and programs. It's a great place for serious sailor, but may not be for everyone due to the exclusivity and fees. Thanks for watching. If you found this review helpful, don't forget to subscribe to my channel and like the video for more content on yacht clubs and sailing experiences.

- Yacht Clubs Are DYING – What REALLY Happened to Them: Kind: captions Language: en You ever walk past a yacht club lately and it just feels off? No, no energy, no kids sprinting down the dock and life jackets, just a quiet bar, a half empty deck, and the same three guys telling the same story about how it used to be. And it's weird because yacht clubs were supposed to be the heart of boating. They were the place you went when you wanted summer to feel like summer. Now, a lot of them feel like private retirement lounges with slips. So, today we're asking the real question. Are yacht clubs actually dying? And if they are, what really happened to them? Because here's the twist. It's not that people stopped loving the water. It's that the entire maritime world split in half and the middle got crushed. Stick to the end because I'm going to give you a simple yacht club survival checklist. If you're a member thinking about joining or you run a club, this checklist will tell you in 5 minutes whether your club is adapting or slowly sinking. And yes, subscribe if you want more videos like this because we're going to keep breaking down boating reality the way nobody else does. All right, let's rewind because the story of yacht clubs dying starts with the biggest illusion in boating, the co bump. For a minute, yacht clubs looked like they were saved. During 2019 to 2021, memberships exploded. Clubs saw insane growth, the kind of growth people hadn't seen in decades. And it made sense. Travel was dead. People were bored. Outdoor hobbies were the only thing that felt normal. So suddenly, everyone found boating again. People joined clubs. They bought boats. They signed their kids up for sailing programs. And for a brief moment, clubs thought, "We're back. But that wasn't a comeback. That was a temporary spike, a sugar rush. And once the world reopened, the crash came fast. Membership slid back down. Participation got weird. Retention got worse. And the clubs that were already struggling just went back to struggling. Only now with older docks, higher costs, and even less volunteer help. So when people say yacht clubs are dying, they're not noticing a slow decline. They're noticing a hard correction. And here's the deeper truth. Yacht clubs aren't dying evenly. They're bifurcating, splitting into two worlds. Because right now, boating is becoming a two-tier economy. At the top, the platinum tier, ultra exclusive clubs, prime real estate, mega yacht births, concier services, global reciprocity, full staff, and members who don't blink at a 5 figure initiation fee. That world isn't dying. That world is thriving. But the yacht club most people think of, the mid-tier, member-run, volunteer-driven club, that's the one taking water. And it's getting squeezed from both sides. It's getting squeezed by the wealthy and by the access economy. And we need to talk about the access economy because that's the real disruptor. boat clubs, sharing fleets, community sailing centers, memberships where you don't own the boat. You just book it, show up, and go. It's the Netflix version of boating, and it's exploding because modern people don't want the ownership burden. They want the experience. So, the old yacht club is stuck in the middle. It's not luxury enough to compete with the platinum clubs, and it's not simple enough to compete with shared access. That's the death zone. and the clubs living in that zone are starting to feel empty. Now, let's talk about why the mid-tier model is collapsing. Because it comes down to one thing, the volunteer model broke. Yacht clubs were built on sweat equity. That Corinthian ideal. The whole club runs because members do the work. People paint the clubhouse, run races, repair docks, serve on committees, handle finances. That model worked when society had time. Back then, a lot of households had one income. Weekends were open. People had margin in their lives. And you could actually show up and do work hours without feeling like you were sacrificing your entire month. But that world is gone. Now most households are dual income. People work longer hours. Kids are in year round sports. Weekends are booked solid. And the very thing yacht clubs depended on, free labor, evaporated. So what happens? The club has to hire staff. Docmaster, general manager, maintenance crew, bar staff, event coordinator. And the moment you hire staff, your fixed costs spike. Payroll taxes, benefits, insurance, compliance. Suddenly, the club has overhead like a business, but it's still operating like a volunteer nonprofit. That's the professionalization trap. And it creates a vicious cycle. You can literally watch it happen. volunteer deficit, then paid staff, then dues go up, then initiation fees go up, then young members get priced out, then membership gets older, then volunteer deficit gets worse, then you need more staff, then dues go up again, and now the club is too expensive for entry-level sailors, but still not luxurious enough to justify the price. So, it becomes a bad deal for the exact demographic it needs to survive. Now, we need to talk about money because even if the culture was perfect, the math is getting brutal. Boating in general got expensive, but yacht clubs got expensive in a specific way. Because the yacht club lifestyle stacks fees on top of fees, you already pay slip, insurance, maintenance, storage, fuel, repairs, and now you add club dues, initiation fee, dining minimum, work hours, event fees, and sometimes you don't even get a slip. You're paying to be part of the club while your boat sits somewhere else. So for a young family, it's not just can we afford boating, it's can we afford boating plus the club package. And for a lot of people, the answer is no. Not because they hate yacht clubs because it just doesn't pencil out. And here's the thing yacht clubs don't want to admit. Modern consumers do not pay for tradition. They pay for value. And value is measured in convenience, experience, and flexibility. Which brings us to the next killer, culture. Because even when a club isn't that expensive, it can still feel unwelcoming. Say yacht club out loud. Most people picture the stereotype instantly. Blazers, captain's hats, old rules, old money vibes, a membership process that feels like a background check. And yes, a lot of clubs have moved away from that. But the reputation stuck. And modern generations hate that vibe. They want casual, inclusive, fun. No gatekeeping, no weird hierarchy. No, you can't sit there. If your club still feels like a 1950s country club, you are not pulling in the next generation. Now add in something bigger, something that's quietly destroying clubs from the inside. Insurance. Because it's not just owners struggling to ensure their boats. It's clubs struggling to ensure their waterfront infrastructure, docks, buildings, liability, named storm risk. And in places like Florida, insurance isn't just expensive, it's unstable. Premiums jump, coverage shrinks, deductibles become insane. Some policies exclude windstorm damage for overwater structures, which is basically like saying, "We'll insure you unless the ocean does ocean things." So, clubs are forced into a trap. Either raise dues to build huge reserves or operate exposed. And for a mid-tier nonprofit club, one bad storm without proper coverage can end the institution. That's not drama. That's reality. And climate risk makes this worse every year. Sunny day flooding, tide intrusion, corrosion in electrical systems, higher storm surge, docks that were built for the sea level of the 1970s are now being tested by the sea level of today. And updating that infrastructure, it's not a couple volunteers with a wrench. It's a capital project. engineers, permits, environmental compliance, bulk ad upgrades, floating docks, power upgrades, and the bill is huge. Which leads to the final structural problem. The boats changed. And a lot of older clubs didn't. Modern boats are wider. Catamarans are everywhere. Yachts are bigger. People want power. They want beam. They want comfort. But a lot of older clubs have slips designed for 30foot sloops from 1978. narrow, shallow, low power, not built for wide cats or high demand electrical loads. So, the club ends up with a weird mismatch. Demand for slips is high, but not for those slips. People with expensive boats bypass the club. They go to modern marinas or platinum clubs or private facilities, and the mid-tier club loses relevance. So now you've got this perfect storm. Volunteer model collapse, professionalization trap, cost barrier, cultural mismatch, insurance pressure, infrastructure obsolescence, boat evolution, and then the access economy shows up and says, "Hey, want the water without the headache?" And people take that deal. That's why boat clubs are winning because they delete the three things that make ownership miserable. cleaning, cost surprises, capital tied up. You book, you show up, you go, you leave, and someone else deals with maintenance. That model is insanely attractive to millennials and Gen Z. And it's not because they don't like commitment. It's because they're used to paying for access. They subscribe to everything. Why would boating be different? So, yacht clubs are losing the middle. Not because boating is dead, but because the old format is outdated. But here's the part people miss. Yacht clubs can absolutely survive. Some are thriving right now. And the ones thriving all have one thing in common. They stopped acting like a museum. They modernized the value proposition. So what does that look like? It looks like social marina energy, not membersonly dining room energy. It looks like casual waterfront fun, taco nights, dock parties, live music, oprey sale vibes, shorts and flipflops accepted. Families feel welcome. You want people to show up even if they don't race. Because here's another mistake clubs make. They build everything around racing. But racing is niche. Most boers don't want to race. They want sunset cruises, paddle boarding, kaying, fishing off the dock, movie nights, community events. So, the clubs surviving are diversifying. They are becoming water clubs, not just sailing clubs, and they're fixing the biggest barrier of all, boat ownership. Because the smartest clubs are building clubowned fleets, small keelboats, day sailors, maybe even a few center consoles, boats members can use without owning. It's the internal version of the boat club model. And it works because now a 28-year-old can join, learn, crew, sail, meet people, get hooked without needing to buy a 40-year-old fixerupper just to participate. That's how you build a pipeline. That's how you survive. And the final piece, visibility. Some yacht clubs are invisible online. Websites from 2003. No social media, no easy signups, no schedules, no photos, nothing that makes a younger person think that looks fun. The clubs that thrive, they show up. Instagram, YouTube, Tik Tok, they post the sunset photos, the kids sailing, the dock parties, the casual vibe. They make the club feel alive. Because if your club doesn't show up in someone's feed, it doesn't exist. Now, like I promised, here's your yacht club survival checklist. If you're watching this and you're wondering whether your club is adapting or slowly sinking, listen to this. A club that survives in 2026 does these things. Number one, it offers memberships that don't require boat ownership. Social members, dining members, crew memberships. Number two, it has a clubowned fleet or a real shared boat program. Number three, it feels casual and welcoming, less formality, more fun. Number four, it offers activities that aren't racing, families, paddle sports, community events. Number five, it is modern online, simple website, easy signups, active social presence. And number six, it has an infrastructure plan. Not hope, not we'll deal with it later, a plan, insurance strategy, reserves, dock upgrades, adaptation. If a club doesn't have those things, it's going to struggle. Not because it's a bad club, because the world changed. And that's the real conclusion. Yacht clubs aren't dying because people stopped loving the water. They're dying because they stopped keeping up with the world around them. The sea didn't change, society did. So, the yacht club isn't dead, it's shedding its skin. The middle model is collapsing while luxury clubs thrive and access-based boating explodes. The yacht club is dying. Long live the yacht club. If you enjoyed this, hit like, subscribe for more boating reality, and send this to someone who still thinks yacht clubs are just fine. Because if your club wants to survive, it's time to hoist new sales and catch up with the

  Top Comments:
  1. @fernandoalegria4240 [6 likes]: I love sailing. Am 78, just bought another sailboat. It's a real sport with skill and a little athletic agility is needed. Was the Commodore of my Yacht Club because I had a East German captains hat and drank a lot. Best move I ever made was buying my first boat. Sailing to Catalina, grandkids and snorkeling gear on board, BBQ hanging over the rail, dolphins racing alongside. How lucky am I?
  2. @AetheraBay [2 likes]: Boomers forced younger people out with rules against live aboard, against kids and families, and crazy prices two keep "those people'" out of their club. Racism by people that think new members need to conform to "the rules". AKA Don't bring you culture.
  3. @zoomzoom3950 [2 likes]: I like to sail, not socialize at a yacht club that charges way too much to socialize.

My challenge around here is low road overpasses that are too low for my mast and limit where I can store my boat driving up marina prices for sailboats.
  4. @Greatlakessailing [1 likes]: Insane cost. $2,200 "initiation fee". $200 just to apply, and you need a sponsoring member and references. I wish i was kidding.

Then they want to act like a marina HOA, as if there arent enough rules already.
  5. @Truepatriotpropertymanagement [1 likes]: Marco Island Yacht Club and all others around Florida are thriving.  Come see me
  6. @marcoprolo1488 [1 likes]: I did the sailing yacht club thing for a long while. It's packed with psycho-rigid angry old geezers. I left and stayed out since then.
  7. @Jackleam5524: Sailing clubs marina cost to much owned by there owners for greed for money to and pay by the size of the boat so one persons greed take away someone's elses happiness
  8. @captainmike3557: Dying because you allowed insurance companies bandits to pump out the insurance prices. Because they put the FEAR in your mind that everything has to be insured.  Because you allowed marina owners to pump up their prices.  Because people are not building more marinas they cant do it because all what they know is to watch tiny screen and slide their finger.  Specially in US there is No development. Everything is either old or has been built many years ago when people were actually making things not buying everything from China.  People with Skills are gone.
  9. @J.Smith-rc6wh: full of alcoholics and arseholes, so over them

- Reducing this sport’s carbon footprint: Sail GP: Kind: captions Language: en When I came into SailGP, I thought, sailing, what is this? But this is racing and it's a global championship. What you'll see is the best athletes. Adrenaline. It's speed, it's fast. These boats go nearly 100 km an hour. There's lots of crashes, there's lots of drama. There's lots of fighting with the umpires. It really is that adrenaline fuelled, passion fuelled sport like nothing else. These boats are magnificent. They're massive and they're powered by nature. I grew up on the North Sea, Aberdeen, a small city in the north of Scotland. My granddad, who's a very big part of my life and someone I love dearly, was a fisherman. I love being by the ocean. There's something so calming by it, and it's part of my history and where I grew up. What drives me probably more is my love for sport and using sport as a platform for change. SailGP is a challenger sport. We're in Season 4 and it was set up to redefine sailing. Our difference is, we, at our hearts, care about sustainability. We care about not just being a sport and making money and getting eyeballs and people to watch the broadcast. We care about our carbon footprint, the environmental impact, and protecting the ocean, our racecourse. - How are you? - Okay. - Thank you for coming. Save the Bay were our local impact partner here at SailGP in San Francisco. And everywhere we race, we try to work with a local organisation to give back. - Like, here we go. Here's more. - It's endless, you know, it'll be back with the next high tide. I remember calling my CEO, and I said, “Do you trust me?” He said, “Yeah, I hired you to show that sport could be different.” And I said, “I've got an idea.” Athletes are naturally competitive, so to embed sustainability, what do you do? We set up a league. You incentivise them to do good. So the Impact League is a leaderboard. It has prize money, and our athletes are judged on how they operate, how they act in environmental and social responsibility. The teams have made huge changes in the way they operate, what they eat, how they travel, solar panels on their roofs. Also giving career opportunities to different people, giving female athletes more time on the water. Okay, Anna Weiss interview, take one marker. Anna Weiss is the first ever female grinder here at SailGP, and she is a badass human. I'm from Fort Lauderdale, Florida, and I grew up sailing when I was about eight years old. My parents put me in summer camp and I kind of never looked back. A grinder is a position on the boat and it's a very physical position. It's always been men to do it and there's multiple grinders on each boat. The Women's Pathway Programme was a programme that we did to try to drive more female athletes onto the boat. I know there's a lot of people who don't believe that a woman is capable of being in the role that I am. As a programme and as a woman in a sport, you know, we can be pushing a lot to continue the growth and development. And you know, I think it's great, the progress that we're making, but there's still more to be done. So we're here at SailGP's first ever Impact League Awards, and tonight, we celebrate all the winners of the Impact League. All the teams are here and we're revealing the Season 4 champion. So, SailGP, obviously, we've got the race on the water with the same, but we also have the race off the water with the Impact League, which is the podium for the planet. One of the focus areas for the Impact League this year was around reducing your carbon footprint. So now every event, we go to our base that we run our operations from off grid. You know, for me, you know, the racing is amazing and I absolutely love being competitive and being a sailor and pushing myself in that respect, but also, you know, the purpose side of what we do and the impact we can have as a sports team... is what gets me out of bed every day. The winner of the overall Season 4 was the British team, and they came from behind the last focus area. And I would say they were just very consistent and very dedicated and they were shocked to win. What I'm just proud of is that all the different teams have created some incredible projects. Just the legacy of those projects is what's the most important. I want sport to be better because I worked in it. I want people to say to me I change behaviours because of SailGP and I feel a responsibility to do it. I want to make my kids proud. I love people and I hope sport can make people's lives better.

  Top Comments:
  1. @morrisanderson818: Maybe be even bigger,if they didn't have to transport the yachts around the world,

- Sustainable Yacht Interiors: Precision, Materials & Waste Reduction | Positive Waves: Kind: captions Language: en [music] We are here today with Jana Salmanan from Europlan Yacht Interiors. Good morning, Jana. >> Hey, good morning. >> Tell me what is your role at the company? >> Well, [music] I'm the commercial director. So, I uh mostly do sales and marketing and business development, but I also oversee the project when it starts as a project director close to it at least. So, I'm not going to leave the project uh just because it starts. we will be uh focused more on the sustainable materials today. So I'd love to ask you what emerging sustainable materials are you currently working with or if you're testing some. >> Well sustainability is a very broad aspect and material is one of them is [music] the manufacturing of them uh how much waste is coming afterwards from [music] them how you design them and the sizes and weights etc. So it's much broader and we already gone from so to say that we don't we are not developing new materials but we are developing much more in the sense of not having waste and prefabrication and [music] lightweight as much as possible. So um implementation of the material selected because we can't always select the materials. So um that's maybe closer to [music] the to the what we're working on. Could you give us maybe some examples of your most commonly used sustainable materials [music] that you use on your projects? >> Well, aluminum is by far the one [music] that we use mostly and that's also I think the recyclability over the world is 97% or something like this. So uh that is [music] much more and then uh then using it uh using it for for [music] support material at set area doing our own profiles for our wet units. So uh so using it as [music] much as possible for the life cycles or whenever something is being torn down or or something like this [music] even if it's 10 years or 20 years it will be recyclable at at the same time. >> How do you futureproof your designs? We uh engineer everything in 3D and we also share that model with the [music] owner uh or the client and the client can have it. So the future proofing is more that they can take that drawing and may produce [music] a new one quite easily or modify whatever is existing. So the drawings won't go anywhere. [music] And it's also the u when you have the full model at your disposal, you [music] can do a refit planning of a refit much more in detail. >> Let's talk a little bit about [music] waste uh management. How do you recycle the the wasted materials or are there any particular [music] examples that you like to share with us how the leftover material can be reused? Yeah, of course we have uh aluminum [music] and steel and and uh sort out in our factory, but I think the bigger part is that you optimize [music] the size what you buy and what you cut and how it's engineered. So you already reduce before you even so to say start and uh so um that is one one [music] best way to go start with. So we are talking about precision manufacturing, precision engineering in order to try to waste as little as you. >> Exactly. So you will already uh reduce [music] before you recycle. So then nothing goes into the loop of recycling and driving around with the material etc. So then that's uh yeah [music] exactly. >> Thank you for the interview.

- Cargo Sailboats Aim to Minimize Carbon Footprint: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] using only the wind we need to cross the atlantic to reduce drastically the carbon emission sometimes i need the boat to be there on the right time and stuff like this so i'm asking the seller oh can you do it faster and they're like no no no so if there's no wind they are not moving we show at the other people that it's possible to make grim transportation for selling cargo

  Top Comments:
  1. @ElJorro [2 likes]: Cargo ships one of the largest sources of emissions! Spread the word.
  2. @monomeesh [2 likes]: YES 🙌 spread the word!!!
  3. @JamesFox1 [2 likes]: We Very Well Could Indeed Go Back To Sail Boats For All Transatlantic Needs Very Easily and Improve Shipping Communication and Fishing the same ! as Well as Voyages for Vacations Instead of These Gigantic Ships that Can Very Easily take Thousands of lives in one Incident At Same Time Having Rescue Ships at the Helm / Ready at a Moments Notice All Over the World !
  4. @JamesFox1 [2 likes]: Thank You , , ,
  5. @rikm33 [2 likes]: Wow! Intelligence humans!!
  6. @serta5727 [1 likes]: Very cool 😎
  7. @gaberoyalll [1 likes]: Sometimes u need to look back to 4000bc to find the answers for the future
  8. @matthiasknutzen6061: Lol, GLOBAL freight causes 3% of green house gas emmisions it's not something we need to focus on for now. And this could never be scaled.

- Environmental impact yacht charter, Sailing Yacht Vs Motor yacht: Kind: captions Language: en all right everyone welcome back ready for another deep dive let's do it always ready to explore this one's for all you ocean lovers out there dreaming of yacht Charters but hold on we're not just talking luxury we're talking sustainable choices right on because who says you can't enjoy those turquoise Waters and still be mindful of the environment exactly so today we're tackling the big question sailing yacht versus Motor Yacht which one is greener it's a fascinating debate we often see luxury and sustainability pitted against each other but um this deep dive really gets into the nitty-gritty of environmental impact it helps you figure out how to make the best choice for the planet okay so let's break it down first up sailing Yachts they definitely get a lot of Buzz for being eco-friendly for a good reason too in the research one phrase that really jumped out was significantly reducing fuel consumption and greenhouse gas in misss I mean that's what we want to hear but how significant are we really talking it's not just about using wind power it's about the entire design we're talking lighter materials stuff like recycled aluminum sustainably sourced timber for the Holland deck and get this when the wind is Right a sailing yacht entirely emissions free wow now we're talking we are you can see up to a 70% reduction in carbon footprint compared to a motor yacht of a similar size 70% okay that's huge but what about those times when the wind just isn't cooperating asking for a friend even then you're only using the engine for things like maneuvering out of Harbors or if the wind totally dies down it's supplemental not your main source of power that means you're still using way less Fuel and as a result you have a much smaller carbon footprint makes sense all right so that's sailing yacht's a pretty clear winner on the Eco front so far but let's talk about motor Yachts your research says they depend on engines that consume significant amounts of fossil fuels no words there so let's lay it on us what kind of impact are we talking about here Beyond just greenhouse gas emissions well think about it like this it's like comparing uh a car to a bicycle those big engines on motor Yachts they eat up fuel it's a substantial carbon footprint right makes sense and it's not just the air we have to think about there's noise pollution from the engines and that can actually disrupt marine life especially in those delicate ecosystems and then of course while it's rare there's always that risk of fuel leaks or bit spills that can be absolutely devastating to Marine habitat absolutely it really highlights how even small changes in the yachting world can make a huge difference but okay let's be real for a second people aren't just choosing a yacht based on how eco-friendly it is you've got a trip to plan what other factors do you think people need to consider when making this decision you hit the nail on the head cost is a big one obviously and then the kind of experience you're looking for where are you going a longer Journey might mean you'd prefer a motor yacht you know for Speed and comfort if it's a shorter trip maybe a leisurely saale is the way to go it's about finding that balance your travel style but also your Eco conscience so maybe not so black and white it's more about those priorities right exactly and it makes you think like how can we make both options even more sustainable are there advancements in engine technology you know or alternative fuel what about operational changes that could reduce the impact of motor Yachts there's a lot of space for Innovation that's for sure that's a fantastic point it's bigger than just picking a side we've got to push for Progress across the board so there you have it folks it's all about making those thoughtful choices that really reflect your values couldn't agree more and on that note we'll leave you to ponder all those exciting possibilities until next time keep exploring keep questioning and keep diving deep

- Company Ships Goods via Sailboat to Reduce Carbon Footprint: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] foreign m all right pop quiz do you know which countries have the highest carbon emissions or how long it took mariah carey and her producer to write all i want for christmas if not then you should definitely subscribe to now this is first newsletter know this you can sign up right here at the website below hey i'm sinclair someone host of know this a daily evening news show on now this news and we're bringing you a know this newsletter every day our editors break down the top five stories so you are always in the know each night you can get the biggest breaking news politics culture and entertainment stories straight to your inbox find out why stories trending online are generating so much buzz and wind down your day with the stories that matter to you what's more know this gives you a special edge including the little known facts from each story that you need to know we'll give you context on why new policies and innovations matter but don't worry we keep it fun too there are gifts puns and plenty of lighter stories to give you talking points at dinner tonight so sign up now right here at the website below if you like what you read forward our newsletter to your friends you can also watch our show know this on facebook watch search now this daily on facebook and look out for the know this series playlist to check out all the video episodes you may have missed you can also find us on now this news instagram stories so you can get caught up on all the news you need to know see you in your inbox

  Top Comments:
  1. @SLAYERSWINE1 [16 likes]: Bravo. Never bought stock in a company but this I would invest in.
  2. @daniellediaz7546 [16 likes]: Ppl in the comments being so negative. It's a step in the right direction. It doesn't solve everything but at least someone is doing something instead of just sitting on the couch telling everyone else it won't work.
  3. @Elboncoino [7 likes]: i live in brittany, their chocolate is sold in supermarkets, it's around the same price as the other premium chocolates
  4. @nighthawkcof [7 likes]: This is awesome! 👍
  5. @Luke-zu4xg [6 likes]: Awesome... kudos to you guys
  6. @justnoah2073 [4 likes]: Arg me sailors, let's protect the environment, arg arg arg arg arg.
  7. @ebybeehoney [2 likes]: How cool is that?!?! It's even cooler thinking about all the whales and other animals that have so much trouble avoiding shipping lanes!!! I'm totally in LOVE with this!
  8. @Will-lh1fy [2 likes]: Say what you will but this is timed really well to the popularity of sea shanties. More people interested in traditional sailing I suppose.
  9. @TubeNutriDoc [2 likes]: Dramatic, inspirational, and hopeful. @Richard Kempton, hope you put your money where your mouth is, and make it happen. Who knows, maybe a ship with your name brand?
  10. @Davidpromaster [2 likes]: Imagine the inflated prices these guys charge on their premium low quantity wine chocolate and coffee goods lol. Good luck competing with the industries giants.
  11. @mikechopek2682 [1 likes]: Great sentiment, but what does it do to the cost. Still affordable for regular person?
  12. @Ramal3866: When you go back to wind propulsion to save the earth
  13. @leahs.1480: That's great except you run into a little problem.  To move the same amount as one container ship will take hundreds of sail boats.  Constructing all those sail boats takes 100x of time more material and energy than a cargo ship.  So even if the sailing itself is carbon neutral it would take thousands of voyages before this fleet reached the point where they began to be actually more environmentally friendly than a cargo ship.
  14. @chrisgreen6222: First they go back to sails, then they will switch to oars
  15. @dustincaso6781: I’m a free market guy, you do you. However, this just makes smaller companies who use traditional shipping methods much more competitive. You should have every right to give your competition an advantage!
  16. @zeideerskine3462: Brilliant. Please contact the Shtandard to join the fleet. Many types of cargo do not need to be traded on an international scale anyway or should even exist. Bring back tall ships!
  17. @RenataManedFox: leave it to a French company to set sail again. thank you.
  18. @ricksanchez1323: This must be a joke.
  19. @ricksanchez1323: To boldly go where no one has gone before ......wait
  20. @jaloux8583: All the while China and India increase toxic emissions at the expense of US taxpayers, well done Joe.

- How Billionaires Turn Mega-Yachts Into Tax-Free Money: Kind: captions Language: en Billionaires don't just buy yachts for luxury. They use them as floating tax shelters, financial weapons disguised as toys. [music] These vessels can erase millions in taxes every single year. Most people see a billionaire relaxing on deck, but what they should see is a business strategy. Today, we're exposing how mega yachts [music] legally make the ultra rich richer. Here's the first trick. Never buy it personally. A corporation, often offshore, buys the yacht. Now it becomes a business [music] asset with business expenses, fuel write off, maintenance [music] write off, crew salaries, docking fees, charter marketing write off. Even the champagne [music] on board can become a business write off as long as the yacht is available for charter at least once a year. The billionaire may only charter it to [music] a friend for a weekend and suddenly millions in personal luxury becomes a corporate deduction. To the IRS, [music] it's no longer a vacation. It's an operating business. This is where the real magic happens. Bonus [music] depreciation. A $50 million yacht can lose value on paper, even when it gains [music] value in reality. In year 1, that depreciation might be 10 to $15 million. That's up to $15 million. Tax-free [music] income. They write off the yacht's cost faster than it wears down. Some billionaires [music] even sell the yacht later for a profit and still keep the tax benefit. They don't [music] just ride the yacht. The yacht pays them to ride. Buy a yacht in Florida and you >> [music] >> owe millions in sales tax unless the yacht is delivered in international waters. Take delivery [music] 12 m offshore and the entire tax bill disappears. Then they sail back with a temporary use permit. Perfectly [music] legal, perfectly engineered. Now for the genius part. The billionaire's own company charges them a charter fee to use their own yacht. Their holding [music] company receives revenue. Their operating company takes write offs. Money moves but never leaves [music] billionaire control. Every journey becomes a tax deduction. Profit shifting and asset protection. A mansion can't [music] cross borders. A yacht can. The moment the anchor lifts, the rules change. New jurisdictions, [music] new tax shelters, new opportunities, a floating headquarters built for the wealthy. Mega yachts aren't toys. Their tax strategy wrapped in a billionaire lifestyle. So when someone says, "Why waste money on a yacht?" The billionaire just smiles because the yacht is paying them. Smash [music] that subscribe button, like and comment for more billionaire secrets and lifestyle from Mind Ripple.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ngf5077 [1 likes]: All the write offs your named are money lost. 
Why would a company want to lose money?

Depreciating an asset incurs a basis adjustment. When the asset is sold in the future they pay income taxes on the difference between the basis and the sale price
  2. @TheMindRippleTV: Yachts aren’t toys — they’re a TAX STRATEGY. 🚢💸

Which loophole shocked you the most? 👇

👉 Smash that subscribe button for more billionaire wealth secrets from MindRipple!

- Your Boat Broker Doesn't Want You Seeing These Numbers: Kind: captions Language: en A mechanic doing the work on your boat earns $26.42 an hour. You get billed 150 to 180 dollars. That gap is not just overhead, it's a signal. Before you ever meet that mechanic, three other parties have already locked in their cut. The broker who sold you the boat, the charter company promising to offset your costs, and the marina charging you to park it. Each one collects before you see a dollar. The question this video answers is, was that an accident? Annual operating costs for a privately owned boat fall into a narrow, predictable band. The National Marine Manufacturers Association pegs the total at 20 to 25% of the original purchase price each year. This figure absorbs everything. Fuel, insurance, slip fees, [music] scheduled maintenance, haul-outs, and the steady parade of repairs. For a $600,000 boat, that means 120,000 to 150,000 dollars leave the owner's account every 12 months, whether the boat moves or not. Financing pushes the drain higher. With a standard 20% down payment and a 5-year loan, the cash outflow rises to 27 to 30% of the purchase price per year. Interest alone widens the gap between what the owner pays and what the boat is worth at any given moment. Depreciation, meanwhile, works quietly in the background. The National Marine Manufacturers Association resale tables show that a typical boat loses 25 to 30% of its value in the first 5 years. A $600,000 boat is worth 420,000 to 450,000 dollars after half a decade, before factoring in market swings or cosmetic neglect. These three numbers, 20 to 25% for operating, 27 to 30% for financed ownership, and a 25 to 30% drop in value, form the baseline ledger, long before any promises of charter income or tax advantages enter the conversation. The promise of boat ownership always rests on the idea of use, sir. Sunlit days on the water, spontaneous weekends away. In reality, the average US owner takes their boat out just 29 days a year, according to the National Marine Manufacturers Association's most recent survey. That is less than 1 day in 12. Every dollar spent on insurance, slip fees, and scheduled maintenance stretches across months of inactivity, compounding the true cost of each outing. Service and repairs introduce a second, quieter drain. The Bureau of Labor Statistics lists the average marine mechanic's wage at $26.42 per hour. Yet, when an owner signs a repair order at the marina service shop, the bill is between $150 and $180 per hour, or four to seven times the technician's take-home pay. The difference covers shop overhead, parts markups, and a profit margin that, in practice, is locked in regardless of the outcome for the owner. Each underused day amplifies the impact of these markups, turning minor issues into expensive episodes. The numbers invite a simple question. If the owner pays full freight for every hour and every idle slip, who actually benefits from the spread? The answer begins to surface in the referral networks and contract structures that shape every transaction from sale to service. At the closing table, the arithmetic is silent, but absolute. On a million-dollar boat, the commission agreement, standard in nearly every broker contract, calls for 10% of the sale price. That is $100,000 due in full the moment the deal funds. The seller pays this sum, but the buyer's broker collects half, $50,000, by right of a co-brokering clause embedded in the paperwork. The listing broker receives the other half, regardless of whether the buyer found the boat through an internet search or a personal referral. This split is not a handshake or a backroom arrangement. It is written into every major brokerage agreement, confirmed by the National Marine Manufacturers Association, and spelled out in the published policies of the International Yacht Brokers Association. The commission is calculated on the gross sale price before any deductions for repairs or after-sale adjustments. Once the wire transfer clears, the brokers' shares are released, often within days, long before the new owner has even received a bill of sale or set foot on their vessel as its legal steward. No matter how the negotiation unfolded, or how hard the buyer pressed for a lower price, the commission remains fixed. There is no sliding scale for effort, no adjustment for market conditions, or the complexity of the transaction. The 10% rule applies to a $60,000 and a $6 million motor yacht alike. Only at the very highest end, above $10 million, do some brokerages invoke a sliding tier, but even then, the first $10 million is charged at full freight. The commission structure creates a moment of pure alignment for the brokers and a permanent asymmetry for the buyer. The buyer's broker is paid by the seller, not the client whose interests they nominally represent. The seller's broker, meanwhile, is incentivized to close at the highest possible price, knowing every percentage point is more money in the payout. The entire sum is due at closing, immune to the future fortunes of the boat, the buyer's experience, or the eventual resale value. The money flows up front, locked in by contract, and the brokers exit the scene richer by tens of thousands before a single cost of ownership is counted. A code of ethics published by the American Boat and Yacht Council governs how brokers may interact with surveyors. The rule is clear. Brokers must disclose any financial relationship with a surveyor and may not accept more than $250 in referral fees. The buyer must receive a list of at least three independent surveyors, and the broker's compensation cannot depend on which one is chosen. The intent is to shield the inspection process from hidden influence, but in practice, the referral network remains a source of quiet leverage. The inspection, on which the entire sale depends, is never truly neutral when the broker controls the list. Court records show how this tension moves from legal code to the docket. In February 2024, Yarmond Expeditions filed suit in Delaware District Court, naming the International Yacht Brokers Association as defendant. The complaint alleged that member brokers charged excessive commissions and failed to enforce the ABYC's disclosure rules. The suit was dismissed in January 2025 by Judge K. Michael Moore, who found that the dispute fell within the boundaries of private contract and that the plaintiff lacked standing. The commission structure and the referral ecosystem remained intact. A second case, Brill Maritime versus Boats Group, filed in August 2025 in New York, attacks the digital backbone of the brokerage network itself. Brill Maritime claims that Boats Group, which owns YachtWorld, BoatTrader, and boats.com, controls roughly 75% of all online boat listings in the United States. The complaint details a subscription-based model. Brokers must pay annual fees to list vessels, and any listing is locked in for 12 months. Early removal triggers a penalty equal to half the remaining contract value. The lock-in clause, quoted directly in the court filing, prevents brokers from moving listings freely between platforms and cements Boats Group's near monopoly over the digital marketplace. As of May 2026, the case remains pending. The pattern is not hidden. Brokers are paid before the buyer takes possession. Referral fees, capped but persistent, flow through networks that serve the transaction first and the owner second. The listing platforms, which brokers must pay to access, enforce their own rules through binding contracts. Each layer is individually rational, defensible even, but together, they create a system where the owner's upside is last in line, and legal challenges have so far only confirmed the structure. Charter management contracts spell out the arithmetic long before any owner sees a dollar. The standard agreement, used by most United States charter firms, and echoed in every public-facing contract, is built around a simple sequence. Gross charter revenue comes in. A management fee of 15 to 20% is deducted off the top, and only then are the remaining operating costs, fuel, crew, dockage, and provisioning, subtracted to reveal what is left for the owner. The fee is not negotiable, not performance-based, and not subject to refund if bookings fall short. It is owed on every dollar of revenue, whether the season is a sellout or a washout. The industry pitch leans on occupancy math, promising that a well-placed yacht can offset its costs or even turn a profit if it reaches a certain number of charter weeks per year. The break-even threshold, buried in management brochures and contract footnotes, sits at 16 to 20 weeks of paid bookings. This figure is not a marketing flourish. It is the dividing line between a vessel that covers its own slip fees and one that quietly bleeds cash. For a 60-foot motor yacht, the difference between 12 weeks booked and 18 is the difference between a manageable annual loss and a five-figure shortfall. The management fee is always calculated on gross revenue, not net. If a boat earns $100,000 in charter bookings, the operator takes $15,000 to $20,000 before a single expense is paid. Fuel, cleaning, and repairs are then deducted from what remains, often consuming another 30% or more. The owner receives only the residue with no recourse for seasons cut short by weather, mechanical issues, or market downturns. Contracts reviewed from Europe, Yacht Charter, INT Marine, and Catamaran Guru all confirm this sequence. Managers cut first, operating costs next, owner's share last. This structure produces a quiet but absolute mismatch between the promise and the likely outcome. Most owners, even those who sign up with the intent to maximize charter weeks, struggle to reach the 16 to 20-week break-even point. Industry utilization studies show that actual occupancy often falls short, especially outside peak season or in markets with heavy competition. For the majority, the management fee is not a path to upside but a fixed toll collected regardless of the owner's net result. The arithmetic is not a secret, but it is rarely emphasized at the point of sale. Instead, it sits in the middle of the contract, quietly shifting risk away from the manager and onto the person who signed the check. Owner B's ledger for the first full charter season reads like a case study in subtraction. The year began with promise. A recently purchased $850,000 catamaran placed with a national charter operator and a calendar open for bookings. The gross charter revenue at the end of the season came in at $62,000. That is the top line, the number featured in every sales pitch and owner update. But the arithmetic starts before the first dollar ever reaches the owner's account. The charter company deducted a management fee of $12,400, exactly 20% of gross, matching the industry standard. This fee is automatic, applied to every booking, and not contingent on how many weeks the boat is actually chartered or whether the bookings cover the owner's costs. The contract is clear. The manager's cut comes off the top every time. Next came the operating expenses, fuel, crew, dockage, and provisioning. These totaled $18,600, about 30% of gross. Each line item is supported by invoices and receipts, but the owner has no practical control over the final tally. The operator selects the vendors, books the crew, and arranges the services, then sends the bill. After these deductions, the net before maintenance stands at $31,000. But the season's real impact appears in the repair and maintenance file. Charter-driven use accelerated engine hours, wore down upholstery, and pushed routine service to twice the frequency of private ownership. The total maintenance and repair outlay for the year was $28,000. This figure includes actual repairs, such as engine work, hull touch-ups, and electronics troubleshooting, as well as the extra service costs triggered by the high-volume charter calendar. Every invoice is date-stamped and itemized, from the $12,000 engine overhaul to the $8,000 hull gelcoat repair. When the dust settles, Owner B's cash flow for the entire season is $3,000. That is the residue left after $62,000 in bookings, $12,400 in management fees, $18,600 in operating expenses, and $28,000 in repairs. The promised upside never materializes. The numbers do not hide or soften. The owner's net is $3,000, less than the cost of a single week's charter for a guest. The ledger is not a warning, it is a record. Each deduction is spelled out in the contract, each invoice is real, and the arithmetic is inescapable. Slip fees do not stand still. In June 2024, Dana Point Harbor notified berth holders of increases ranging from 4.71% to 15.46% depending on slip size and location. The notice was spare, adjustments to reflect market conditions and infrastructure investments. For many, the new rates arrived without negotiation, and the contract's escalation clause made protest irrelevant. Owners who had signed multi-year leases found themselves bound by language that permitted annual increases at the harbor's discretion, subject only to 30 days written notice. San Francisco's municipal marina pushed even harder. In 2024, the city proposed a 31.4% jump for premium slips, citing deferred maintenance and rising operating costs. The public comment period yielded pages of objections, but the escalation clause in the standard slip agreement left little room for maneuver. The clause reads, "Marina reserves the right to adjust slip rental fees [music] annually. Notice of increase shall be provided not less than 30 days in advance. No cap, no negotiation, no exit without penalty." These are not isolated cases. A [music] 2024 industry survey found that 84% of US marinas raised rates in the previous 70% increased slip fees, and 60% raised ancillary charges, pump-out, electricity, parking, often by more than the consumer price index. The escalation is not a function of supply and demand alone. It is written into the structure of the lease, reinforced by the owner's inability to move a 30,000-lb vessel on short notice. The power does not rest with a single manager or a faceless corporation, but with municipal boards and harbor authorities who set rates by vote or fiat. Their decisions are buffered by contract clauses that shield them from market pushback. The owner's only recourse is to accept the new rate or begin the costly process of relocating. A process that itself is often blocked by wait lists, transfer fees, and regional scarcity. The result is a form of local captivity, engineered less by conspiracy than by the slow, silent machinery of public contract and administrative discretion. Safe Harbor Marinas changed the scale of the game. On February 24th, 2025, Blackstone Infrastructure closed a $5.65 billion deal to acquire Safe Harbor, then the largest marina owner in the United States. The transaction valued the business at 21 times its annual earnings, a multiple more common in tech than in boat slips. The logic was simple. Marina contracts, with their annual escalation clauses and owner lock-in, offered the kind of predictable, inflation-resistant cash flow that private equity covets. For boat owners, the effect was invisible but absolute. [music] The slip became less a place to keep a boat and more a revenue stream to [music] be packaged, traded, and leveraged. In the months that followed, Safe Harbor did not pause to digest. In November 2025, it added Port Annapolis, a 250-slip facility on the Chesapeake Bay, to its growing stable. Each acquisition extended the network, and each new contract imported the same escalation language, annual increases at management's discretion, 30 days notice, and no practical avenue for protest or exit. Owners who had once negotiated with local dockmasters now faced institutional landlords backed by Wall Street, whose primary obligation was to investors, not tenants. The scale of consolidation is not theoretical. After the acquisition, Safe Harbor's portfolio spanned more than 140 locations nationwide. The business model depends on the owner's inability to move their vessel easily or to find alternative moorage without wait lists and transfer fees. The marina, once a local service, is now a financial asset class. The fee increases, the lock-in periods, and the escalation clauses are not isolated tactics. They are the foundation of a system that treats every slip as a captive annuity. For the individual owner, the terms are spelled out in the lease, but the power to contest them has shifted far beyond the harbor office. The economics are not accidental. They are engineered contract by contract across a network now valued in the billions. Today, the mechanics of ownership remain unchanged. Each intermediary's contract is structured to extract value before you see a return. Private equity now owns more than 25% of US marina slips, and brokerage incentives remain aligned against owner upside. The arithmetic is public, but the consequences are personal. Clarity is not a guarantee of profit, but it is the only defense left. What you sign determines who wins. Let me know your perspective below.

- 100% Bonus Depreciation & Section 179 Webinar: Kind: captions Language: en webinar about 100% bonus depreciation and how you can use it for yacht ownership. Uh my name is Eric Mlin. I'm the director of sales operations here at Katamaran Guru and I'm with uh the owners of Katamaran Guru, Stephen and Estelle Craftoft. Hi guys. >> Welcome guys. Welcome. >> So just uh a little bit of information about us as a team before we get into the content tonight. Uh you can see here we are a pretty goodsized team that we're a bit spread out over the US. Actually we're international now but all of us uh individually are experienced sailors. We've spent decades and I don't want to put too many years on that but uh but certainly all living and promoting the catamaran lifestyle in our own way. Uh, most importantly, Stephen Anastelle and and many of us have actually used the concepts and regulations that we're going to talk about tonight ourselves to offset the cost of yacht ownership. And big part of what we do in helping customers realize those same advantages is connect with collaborators. We collaborate with different types of people in the industry. boat manufacturers, charterer op op operators, financial service providers, things like that. And we take all those connections and we use it in our professional capacity. And what we do to make a living here, we're dedicated 100% to helping families all over the US and Canada achieve the dream of yacht ownership through smart financial strategies. A lot of people wouldn't be able to own it and enjoy all the benefits unless there was a some concepts like this for us to be able to help them with. So, what we are going to talk about tonight, it's pretty simple. What we're going to do is just first talk about explaining what bonus depreciation is, how you can save money on a y on owning a yacht using bonus depreciation. We'll give you a couple of examples on how that works and some techniques. And then we're really going to spend most of the time on the Q&A. We've got some questions that came in in advance and we're going to go through those and then I think we'll have a chat window as well where we can answer your your individual questions. But uh before we do that, just to let you know, yes, we've been around for a while. We're all sailors, but we're not CPAs. Uh and so you should absolutely consult separately and individually with your CPA before or your tax professional before getting into any decisions on these. We do we do have a tax professional here joined us, Glenn Gman. Glen >> Gman is on. If anybody needs information, he'd be happy to to help out. >> Glenn's Glenn's been doing this for a long time with us over the years. So, we've uh you know, we've got we've got a lot of a lot of deals under the belt and uh you know, a pretty good understanding of how to do this in a quality way as opposed to just saying, "Oh, you can take the tax breaks." And not having a quality operation set up behind it. Terrific. So what is bonus depreciation, Stephen? You want to pick it up from here? >> Yeah. So bonus depreciation is uh is is is an allowance that the go that that the government makes for new businesses that have that have purchased uh uh new assets. It's it's basically a stimulus program to stimulate the economy. Um it's not this is not for individuals. It's actually for, you know, for businesses so that small businesses can, if you're in a trucking business, you can buy a dump truck and you can depreciate it, which, you know, helps you offset taxes and generate tax advantages. Um, you know, basically, you know, the eligible assets that we're talking about are is equipment for your business. So, dump trucks, yachts, a yacht is is is is necessary equipment to operate a charter company. So, you know, it qualifies. So, we're able to apply uh bonus depreciation to the to the yacht. So, bonus depreciation's been around since 2002 and it went up, it went down, it's been all over the place. But more recently, um in 2022, it went to 100% bonus depreciation. uh 2023 well Congress decided it would go to 100 and then they would reduce by 20% per year until it was absolutely and until it was back to zero. So 2022 it was 100%. 2023 went to 80% 2024 went to 60% 2025 this year 40% and next year would have been 20 and the following year it would have been phased out but it's back. Um so what Congress has decided in the new bill that was passed is that uh bonus depreciation be moved back to 100%. And it will be retroactive till the 1st of January 2025. So 2025 is the first year and 100% bonus depreciation I believe will be steady until 2030. So you know that's that's really a big shot in the arm for small businesses. uh because you know it's it's it's it's a it's a way to generate tax tax advantages. Um yachts yachts placed into into charter service which are considered eligible eligible assets um you know qualify but there's few things you need to know. The rule is that the equipment must be available for service in the year the deduction is taken. You can't, you know, buy a boat, close on it this year, but only take delivery next year. The the vessel must be available. So on the 31st of December, that boat, even if it hasn't worked, it must be available to to be able to operate in your business. So that's very important. It's it's an important aspect because of timing in this in this in this uh you know, this program. All right. So how how you you know look let's just look at the steps that we do. So if you want to if you want to if you if you want to generate start a charter company and generate tax advantages basically the first thing you do is you start a business generally uh we we use LLC's and escorps uh because they are passroughs um so you you purchase your um you purchase the equipment inside your LLC and you operate the business as such. um once what as you get the tax breaks being generated the the the the LLC is a pass through. So it passes through to your to to your to the totality of your income. So if you're if you're a person who has other businesses or you have a very big, you know, a very big uh W2 income, what you can do is you you have you have your LLC, you have your charter operation and you you you let's just say you have a you use bonus depreciation. What happens is that that loss in your business will pass through to your personal income and it will help you offset income from other business trade or salary. Um it's pretty important uh you know to understand that the basis is the totality of your income as opposed to a CC Corp where the basis would be the revenue generated in the CC Corp. That's why we use the LLC. We're looking for the pass through. Um here's a this is extremely rough. We we we probably messed this up but you know let's just I'm just going to use $1.5 million as the as as the as the equipment purchase. So in 2025, you buy a boat, it cost you $1.5 million, you're now entitled to depreciate it by 100%. So where it says bonus depreciation deduction zero, it should actually read 1.5 million. Um, so you can depreciate the full value of the vessel. Um, and then so then we go down to the numbers. If you take if you depreciate the full value and your let's say your tax rate is 37%. um you will you that that will give you a tax saving of 550 thou55,000. So if you make $1.5 million this year, you basically will you would have have had to pay 555,000 now you don't pay anything because you're using the bonus depreciation. So that lowers the cost of ownership substantially down down to 945,000. That's just a very rough just a rough indication. And there's there was a very good um calculator, but I don't think they've updated it called section 179.org. And if you go in there and click on section 179.org, you will actually go to the calculator, you will put the value in and and and your tax rate, which obviously will be a top tax rate, and that will show you what you what your savings are. Um what they were doing with that that calculator is they were using section 179. Section 179 is also a small business stimulus program, but talking to the CPAs and the experts, it makes more sense to use the bonus depreciation uh because there's less there's less hooks and and and rules. You know, section 179 has different different uh parameters and rules. Bonus depreciation is depreciation. So, generally, if you can, we use the the bonus depreciation. Um bonus depreciation doesn't have a cap. uh section 179 the cap went to 2.5 million um and I think it's four four million odd when it'll start declining value of asset declining dollar for dollar but uh so up to 2.5 million you can actually use section 179 and take the full deduction once it goes above that you can add the bonus depreciation on top but the recommendation is to take the bonus depreciation use that as your vehicle to do the to to to get your to get your deduction All right. So, other benefits of businessing a catamaran, uh you're in business, you have a charter company. So, when you travel to your boat, when you when you travel to say to to boat shows to go, which are trade shows for you, um all these all these expenses can be are out of pocket expenses and it can be deductions. Um you know the other the other thing obviously if you put it into a professional management company a lot of the hassles go away. I mean you still need to be actively engaged but uh professional yacht management companies take care of administration of the of the accounting. They take care of uh the they will normally have a fleet policy which you can sign on to. Um they will they will manage the vessel. They will manage the crew. make sure that the the the budgets adhere to when it comes to provisioning etc. Um so you know and of course the main benefit is quality of life. Uh owning a boat you know enhances your quality your your quality of life. >> So there's some requirements then that go along with the ability to put a boat into a business right some things some benchmarks that you have to reach and we're going to describe that here. >> Yeah. So, you know, there are a couple there are a couple of pillars that this stands on. The one pillar that it stands on is that you have to show intent and ability to make a profit. Uh you can't buy a boat, put it behind your house, and take take your friends out once once a month and think that that's a business. You have to show ability and intent. Ability means that you're putting it into a well-known cruising ground. Uh get a professional management company. uh get marketing done, etc. So, you're showing intent. And again, if it's in the Bahamas, the BVI, Caribbean, you have the ability because these are very sought after cruising grounds. So, you know, that's that's very important. The other thing that you need to do is we have we have some proprietary documentation, which is sales associate documents or agreements where you're able to act as a as a as a charter broker. So if you have people in your circle who want to charter a boat, you can chart they can charter it through you and what happens then is that your clearing house considers you the broker and when the charter is fulfilled what will happen is that you you will get your LLC will get paid a portion of the commission that normally goes to an outside broker. Um when you come to boat shows you act as a salesman at large you know you promote you you you own a whatever boat and what happens is at the at the um at the show you you know you you recommending people to buy the boat what a great experience blah blah blah and if you generate a sale there's a commission. So you you want to try and have this business standing on at least three legs like a stool you know you need a three-legged stool. So income from charter operations I've got two legs you're going to fall over. So you want to say right, we're going to have income from charter operations. We're going to have income from selling chart selling charters on your boat. And if you can convince someone that you're going to buy a boat because you have a sample that you can show them you act. So then you got your yacht sales your your your yacht sales hat on. Uh there's a commission. So multiple income streams is really good to paper the file um ability. Okay. All right. So, uh, the other thing that I think is important is a lot of our owners use an app called Harvest. Always document everything you do. If you make a call to your boat, if you make a call to the management company, if you order a part for your boat, if you take it down to ship to your boat on harvest, you can just go there and you can just log the activity. Uh, because we we'll talk about the different rules and requirements uh shortly, but uh, you know, always log all your activity. Okay. So, we have there's two types of ownership. There's there's active and there's passive. Um, if you're if you're a passive activity, the only thing that you can do with with passive activity is to offset passive losses, which is something that very few people do. Um, you know, for example, if you're if if you buy a boat and you put it into one of the big multi multinational companies and you get a guaranteed payment every month and you sign a 5-year contract, basically what you've said is, "Hey, here's my boat. Pay me every month and I'll come pick it up when it's finished and you've phased it out that is not active." And so it it, you know, it just doesn't meet does it doesn't meet the standard of a business and being able to take tax deductions. um you know as an act as an active owner, active participation. There's a lot of active active uh activity that you can do. For example, you can do marketing. Um you're entitled to an asset inspection once a year. You go down to your boat and let's just say you say, "Right, it's going to take me five five days to do my asset inspection." Don't book 24 hours because no one works 24 hours. uh 8 hour days and you so so 8 fives of 40 that's 40 hours you can log as an asset inspection uh each year um you know you you you can also go down and say you do that you're doing a um familiarization trip uh because you're a charter you're a charter broker you're selling charters so you're entitled to do a like a travel agent you do a familiarization trip and you go to you go and you take some photographs you have a small static website you put the pictures on there. So, you're promoting you're promoting your business. Uh, another big one is go to boat shows. You know, if you come to a boat show, uh, if you own a particular brand, you go you go to that brand and, uh, hopefully the the broker who sold you the boat will say, "Okay, well, you're here and you you're our sales our sales associate agreement is in effect here and you're out there trying to help sell boats." Um, and of course again you can all that time travel the travel costs are deductible the t the travel time the time that you're at the show. Um, it's a pretty big one. I mean you know we had an owner that got uh got um investigated. Um I think they were in San Francisco and at the end of the at the end of the discussion the fact that they'd been to boat shows and kept all their records showed that they were actively promoting their business. There's nothing like going to a trade show to show that you're serious about your business. You know, >> a classic example of what we we've done with um the asset inspection. Um our boat is in the Bahamas, Missouri, and we went on the boat to check how our crew are performing, how um you know what the boat what condition the boat is in. Uh are they gooding doing good meals for the people? Um and they they took us to all the places that they would typically go on charter. So, you know, we legitimately went and did an asset in inspection. >> Yeah, we did, too. We went from one boat to the other boat. We did it all in. So, we did two weeks, you know, and and we we really we checked technical, we checked, you know, service because we're in the charter industry. So, it's it's it's, you know, we we've got to make sure that our guests have been taken care of and getting good food. So, you know, the these are legitimate things. We're not we're not spinning. This is this this is very legitimate activity to generate your hours. So now we come to the next thing and that's you know the the tests because the IRS is going to look and say all right well I mean do you qualify does it qualify as as as being actively involved in the business and there are two tests that are generally used the first one is bareboat for generally for a bearboat it's 100 hours it's called the 100 hour test it means that you do at least 100 hours and more than any other one person um if it's a bare boat you don't have permanent crew uh you know the the cleaner is not going to do more than you, the booking agent's not going to do more than you, the the accountant's not going to do more than you. So generally it's really easy to meet the standard. I like to see 150 hours in case in case you know some things are disallowed, you know, and you end up you don't want to fall below the threshold of 100 hours. So I our owners all push for 150 hours so that we we well within tolerances in case anything is disallowed. So that test works pretty well. there's been um there's been a few test cases um and you know the the the defendants or the owners actually won won these cases. So it is it is legit. Um but again you know make sure you're doing it with ability and intent and and ongoing and active participation because that those are the key the key points. With crew yachts it's a little bit more ownorous simply because if you think about it you've got a crew on board. Now some management companies will employ the crew so you're not employing the crew and then they will provide the crew to you. Um I haven't seen a challenge you know on this but uh technically the crew is doing more than any other person. So the 100our test becomes a little bit in my opinion a little bit you know questionable. Um, so if you do the 500 hour test and you know I've got in another video I've done the whole breakdown how to easily achieve the 500 hours then you've got no issues with you know this test more than any other one person. Um the last thing you want is to be scrutinized and then they find that there's a problem and then all of a sudden you're paying penalties and all your deductions are disallowed. It's not a it's not a pleasant experience. So, um, we can I can talk to you about the 500 hour test and how to how to how to meet that standard um at a separate time, but those are the two tests that will be used to determine whether you're a active business or not. All right. So, there's there's two there's two choices obviously. There's the bearboat and there's the crude. Um, generally boats 45 and below are generally well suited to be bareboat charter as opposed to crude simply because it's it's a little bit too small to have a crew and the and the revenue generated. A bear boat is far more effective uh in the in in terms of of that size boat. Once you get above 47, um, you start getting into the crude space, um, which, uh, you know, uh, is is where you probably want to be because you got a high quality of of of if you got a permanent crew, the boat's wellmaintained. Uh, you got a professional captain. Uh, you know, it it operates autonomously. I mean, for example, our boats, we don't have a permanent slip. Um, we only use docks to pick up and drop off. the rest of the time the boat has to stay on its anchor. So that's a big saving because dockage can become a very big cost factor you know in in in your in your plan. Um the other you know there's different ways to to to do this. You can take the boat and put it into a crude manage crude crude management company which manages the boat soup to nuts. Uh you you you co-manage with them but they do they do a lot of the the managing or you can self-manage and then all you would use is a clearing house. uh to to to run your bookings through. >> I highly recommend that if you're a first timer and you don't know what you're doing that you go with a management company just because it is uh you do learn a lot. Um they do make it a lot easier. They help you all along the way. They introduce you to the to the booking agents and so forth. All things that you will have to learn on your own. And uh you know from experience ourselves it takes quite a while to get your boat known by the agents and for them to feel comfortable to book your boat as a self operator. Um because you know many things can go wrong. So I recommend that you start off with the management company. Do you agree? >> I agree. Yeah. I mean obviously again you know we we we keep going back to qualifying for the for the for the bonus depreciation. So everything we're saying here basically qualifies you to be able to take that bonus depreciation as an active business. And obviously once you've taken that tax that deduction you're a that's a pass through down to the totality of your income which is the basis for the for the um for the tax breaks. >> We did get a lot of questions in the registrations of people who are interested in becoming owner operators. Right. >> Right. >> Yep. Owner operators. >> Many of those in in that program. Yeah. Many people bought boats from us and have done that. So, it's doable. >> Yeah. Own operators are great. I mean, you know, there's we know some very successful own operators, but that's their total business. >> So, you know, they don't really need to to be, you know, having management come. They they manage their own business, but of course, they don't have alternative income that they need the tax deductions to offset against because that's that's the totality of the income. But of course, if they making a profit in their business, they'll be able to cover the cover it with the uh you know, section 179 or or bonus. >> All right. The operating partner, very important, right? >> You know, getting it's like getting married. You got to choose your partner very wisely. Um you know, um we've you know, I said I've been in this for about 30 years, so I know the good actors, the bad actors. Um, and really how we operate is that we're not a charter company. Um, we don't we don't operate uh any charter companies or or anything and we get no referral fees. We don't get paid to put boats into charter fleets. What we do is we represent the the the buyer and we represent the buyer all the way through. So, I like to keep the charter companies a little bit nervous because they know that when someone buys a boat through us and we place it in their fleet, they have representation through us all the way through the program. Um it's very it's very important to to to really make sure that you that the ownership experience is good. Um the big multinationals are an option. Um not an option that we go for. You know they they they sort of self they they they it's a closed loop. Um you go into them you're a number you're not a name and uh you know you you've got to fit into their program. We we go for the small boutique humansized companies. Maintenance is way superior. uh the relationship with the management is way better. People you know there's a personal relationship. So we really if you look at all every single boat that we've sold in the last five years has gone into a boutique company where I know the owner and where there there's been good communication and good maintenance. So that's where we default to. doesn't mean that you can't go to the big guys, but you've got to you've got to see, you know, the big guys might have a benefit that they'll give you um um reciprocal use elsewhere, especially in the bearboat space. Um which is a which is a is a big plus. I mean there are a few ways around that which we can discuss off off the program here um that that can match it but the bigger guys you know obviously it's it's it's a it's a much more uh corporate environment and so it's not quite as as as relaxed and the only and I don't think the experience is nearly nearly as good as being in a boutique you know humansiz operation >> exit strategy Okay. >> Very important. >> And we get a lot of questions about that. Yeah. >> All right. So, if you buy a boat and you take 100% bonus depreciation and you sell it after 5 years, there will be recapture. And just just the the the sort of short explanation is that if you buy a boat for a million and after 5 years it's worth 65% of what you paid for it and you sell your boat for $650,000, you're going to be taxed on that $650,000 as income and and it's at your it's it's at your ordinary it's at your ordinary income rate. You might have a tax rate of 20%, but when you sell that boat, you got a $650,000 in bump in income. You will be at 30 35 37%. So, recapture is a serious issue that you that you need to figure out. You know, there are a couple of uh a couple of strategies that we've been using very successfully for a long time. Um, and mostly people will get in get into the boat and they will then trade up. So they're kicking the can down the road. I mean, you're not going to get away from it, but you can kick the can down the road. >> Kind of our case. >> Yeah, we're sitting in that situation now. Um where where, you know, we we we've been kicking the can down the road and it's we're starting to get to the end of the road here. But um you know, that's trading up is a really good strategy. You know, the other strategy obviously is to wait till you fall into a low tax bracket, but bear in mind that uh that income will be a big bump and it'll bump your tax rate up to the next next level. Um we're finally down to now we run the business longterm for 10 years. So we operated for 10 years and then after 10 years eventually you you you're facing what's called capital gains. capital gain rate is lower than than the than your ordinary income rate and so you pay the capital gain when you sell the boat which is pretty much a dramatically reduced value. So you know if you if you if you bought the boat and you took your 35% you ran it for 5 years or 10 years um broke even maybe or made a small profit but of course more importantly you've had a great quality of life because you've had your boat you've been your family your friends etc. Um, and at the end you get taxed at 22%, well, you're a winner. You know, you actually come out, you've won you've won the game. Um, so I said that's again, it's it's it's a big it's a big subject and there's a lot to discuss. But remember before you get into it, know how you're getting out. Don't buy a boat that's not that you're going to struggle to sell because remember the loop only closes when you sell the boat. So, if you bought yourself a three cabin boat or or if in the bigger boats a five cabin, as long as there's a master cabin, that improves your exit strategy. The minute you say, "Okay, I've got a six cabin boat." Oh, wow. Okay, six cabin. Who's going to buy that boat when you want to get out of it? You know, >> because typically somebody who wants to live aboard, right? If >> don't want to buy that boat and there's no owner's cabin. >> Yeah. >> And it's it's really hard to sell. >> Yeah. And that's typically a problem. So, you know, you've got to know what your strategy is. Okay? So, you might not make quite as much uh during the oper during the service period, but at the end, the boat's worth more because of because it it's more desirable because it has a um it has an owner cabin. Don't buy a boat with tiny engines. Buy the biggest engines you can because the US market is is is horsepower centric, you know, and so people want to know that they've got a lot of horsepower in in the engines. I mean, we're seeing these engines getting bigger and bigger. It's crazy. I mean, some of these boats, you know, the one manufacturer, Bali, was putting um was putting 80 horsepower engines into a 48T boat, you know, and that started during CO when they couldn't get the the 57s, so they figured, hey, the the the 80s can go in there. It's pretty much it's the same engine but with a turbo. And so, they they started putting, you know, 80 horsepowers in. So, every time you see, you're noticing these horsepowers are going up. Maybe engines are getting lighter and more efficient, so you know, you can do it. But, uh, you know, always look at the spec, think about your exit strategy, and think about what the next gu is going to want. Um, there might be some sort of, uh, compromise, you know, or sacrifice during the service period, but always look at your exit strategy. >> And, um, I highly recommend that people don't over capitalize on their boats to start with because we've seen this over and over and over again. people put in high-tech gear, the best of the best lithium, solar, and etc, etc. You you'll not get the money back. >> Yeah. Yeah. Don't over capitalize. Our recommendation is buy the nice stuff, buy a wellspec boat and then run it for a year and say, "Man, I really need lithium or I really need solar." I mean, I'm talking about additional solar. Most of the boats come with existing solar, but a lot of people want solar arches on the back. They want wind generators, you know, all sorts of things. You know, get a a reasonable spec boat, operate it, and then buy what you need. There's so many people I talk to say, "Oh, geez, I spent so much money on this, and it's not really that important to me." So, you know, exit strategy really revolves around when you buy the boat, what you buy. >> Okay, time to start wrapping it up. Okay. So, so basically, you know, putting putting a putting a boat into into charter management, provided you do it well, um, obviously it it it reduces the cost of ownership. If you think about it, if you bought a boat and you put it outside your house, you have a mortgage to pay, you have insurance to pay, you have dockage to pay, well, whatever the dock is going to cost you, you have your annual hall out to pay, you got maintenance to pay. Generally, you know, on a mid-40s boat, that's that's running about 70 80,000 a year. If you take that same boat and you put it into charter service, none, you pay none of that because the income from your charter operations covers the the holding cost of the boat and you still have access to your boat because no one sells their boat all the time. So, you probably will get enough sailing time. So, suddenly the cost of ownership is dramatically reduced. Additional to that, if you're able to take the tax breaks, if you if you know, then of course that's a major that's a major benefit on top. But just just moving it from outside your house into a charter management where it pays its where it pays its own way is already a huge reduction in cost of ownership. You know, the bonus depreciation obviously great. You know, you put it into service, you you you get rid of the 80,000 a year, it's now zero. uh because the income from charter operations covers the cost of the boat plus you got your bonus depreciation plus you got the owner use. Um so if you're the right buyer, you enjoy sailing, you have a tax issue, um and you want to say exotic locations, then chart ownership is really a good option, you know, for for you. Um the that will be spoken about the pass through. It's important to understand and fully comply with applicable laws. That's that goes without saying. You know, we're we're basically in a situation where where, you know, these laws have been put in place and and what we're doing is we're we're complying with them. Um and you know, the 100% bonus was great, but as far as all the acts of participation, you must comply with them because if if if if you do get into a situation where you scrutinized and um you that you found that you're in you're in violation, uh the consequences are are not very pleasant. No, but we're here to help connect you with people who can advise you on that as well as with the boat and with the charter operation. That's what our team here at Catamaran Gurus is all about. And then we do have a number of uh next steps that we're going to talk about real briefly here, similar to what we've just covered. You know, next step of course is, you know, uh ask as many questions as you can. I've just gotten a little note that our questions are disabled, but I'm going to after we get out of the presentation mode, I'll make sure that that's working. If you haven't been on a charter and you're dreaming about this, might be a good idea to do that. Uh establish a realistic budget range. That's, you know, one of the first steps that you want to make sure that you're operating or your target in in in a range that you can afford. Consult with the CPA that we can certainly connect you with. Talk to charter operators that we'll connect you with as well. And after you select your boat, you can enjoy the sailing and the tax benefits. >> One of the most important things honestly is is if once you want to get into this, get get a finance approval. You know, we can help you. We can refer you to to people. Just get an approval. You don't have to take the loan, but get get approved so you know what you're approved for. And if you decide to take the leap, you know that that that box is checked. It's pretty important to to to have that um you know, taken care of. And over the years, you guys have helped hundreds of people buy boats and save money and enjoy the lifestyle. These are all over our website, but really the one of the strongest testimonials outside is yourselves because you guys have made this your your life and your profession. Yeah, we we've we have two boats in charter ourselves right now and we've we've done it ourselves for for many many years and uh yeah, we we definitely don't advocate something we wouldn't do ourselves but there are pitfalls and you have to be cognizant of the fact you know >> yeah look you know catamaran guru started as a help site it didn't start as a yacht sales site at all and I mean 20 years ago sat down there and built this little website and that was you know we we'd been on catamaran so we had a lot of knowledge that we wanted to share with everybody and slowly it's evolved into this monster we have you know to try and control today which is uh exhausting but uh you know it's it's it's it's uh it's it's very important that there's a community if you have issues and you want to go somewhere you have questions you're able to pick up the phone and you and you have someone that can assist you know we have access to to insurance uh companies that we can refer you to uh charter companies we're not a charter company but we and we we know the right people to refer you to uh finance um flagging documentation you know we we pretty much closed the loop we were full service operation in that respect >> this is a this is a very very big step for anybody that a boat costs as much as your house so when you do this you want to go in um with the with the right people on your side to to advise you the right tools to go through this whole process and know that you confidently can go into without, you know, uh, some disaster happen to you. >> Yeah. You got information. Information is good. You know, you make you make the final decision, but you got to have the information, and we're able to get that to you. >> All right. Well, thank you very much. Let's uh see what we can do about getting into the questions. I think the one of the first questions Stephen I'm going to one of the people sent in is um can can they put a secondhand boat or used boat into the same programs? >> Yes. Uh the rule changed. It used to be that it had to be you had to be the first title holder which is IRS speak for new. Uh that has changed. It now has to be new to use. So secondhand or used boats do qualify now if you can put them into service for for taking the tax deductions. A caveat there though um a lot of the charter companies will not take secondhand boats um or but but there are a few um and having said that some of the the crude yacht boats are phenomenally well cared for because their crews are really good and uh you know and then the charter company don't mind you know they because the the problem is with a lot of these boats if it's you know three four five years old it just becomes a maintenance nightmare if the boat is not cared for. So, um, >> yeah, professionally crewed, the boat's got a 10 year life easily. >> So, here we are. There's Did you have anything else, Estelle? Oh, okay. >> Some questions, but go ahead. Yeah, >> let's see here. So, um, how much do you need to be engaged to not raise a red flag with the IRS? I think we covered that, right, earlier with that test. >> Yeah, you know, we got the tests. Um, you know, I think a sincere effort to be to to be actively and and continuously engaged. It's not hard, guys. It's so easy to just, you know, keep keep your records, call your skippers, call your charter companies, do your boat shows, do your your your asset asset inspections, etc. Um, and if you follow the rules, then it shouldn't raise. I mean, if the RS sees it and they see you're doing it right, then, you know, there shouldn't be a red flag. And if there is, it's eas it's it's it's relatively easy to say, look, this is what I'm doing. Here's all my records. has, you know, um, you know, just don't be an easy fish to fry. You know, the pe there are people that don't follow the rules and those are the ones the IRS are going to get. >> Can I start counting my hours before the time prior to the boat being available for charter? >> Yes, >> limit on that. All right. I have a concern when it's time to take the boat out of charter companies. I only hear horror stories about the boat back to normal getting the boat back to normal conditions. That's, you know, that goes all the way back to pick pick your partner really carefully. Um, you know, uh, this the horror stories you're probably hearing are from guaranteed programs where you've given the company the boat, they've got 5 years to run it, they pay you a guaranteed amount, and at the end they phase it out. That's where the horror stories start is at the phase out because the boat probably wasn't well maintained over the five years. Um and and and and now at the end you got to survey it and all sorts of problems are discovered and you know now there's now there's a back and forth that's not fair wear and tear and that is fairware and tear etc. If you're in a program where there's revenue sharing and you're in control of it like you know in in the programs that we run you there's no phase out the boat is maintained to the highest standards. If you get to the boat and you see that there's something broken on the boat you tell your management company put a new one. So, but so technically speaking at the end when you want to go the boat should be in the best possible condition. So that you're speaking about the big multinationals that you know that that operate the um boats. >> We always say guys if you're a present owner, you're an active owner, you're going to be a happy owner. Make sure that you do inspect your boat, go to your boat, visit um you know and if there are things wrong, make sure that that uh that you raise that with the with the charter company. any advantage regarding power versus sale? I can tell you something really interesting. Power is really starting to surge. Um, you know, I spoke to some of the big the big the big companies, the big guys and and uh some of the big guys and uh they're telling me that in the old days it was 8020. They're close to 50/50. So, I think that the power cats have finally come of age and I don't think there's a negative on that. Um, do you need to have sailing experience to take a bear boat charter? Oh, yeah. You need to take you need to have experience. You know, the old days of if you had a visa gold card, they'd give you a boat or over um you know, you you've got to be you you've got to be competent. Uh, preferably you've had some sort of training. They're going to want to know what your background is, what boats you've chartered, what charter companies you've been to. Um, so it's become pretty sophisticated. So, I think the quality of charters has got a lot better. But the answer is yes, you need experience. >> Um, how much money do you have to put down? >> Oh, down. Oh, 20%. So, generally lenders will do 80% loan to value. So, if it's a million dollar boat, uh, you need to put 20% $200,000 down, they will finance the 80%. That's the general rule of thumb. Some of them, some of the lenders have pushed it to 2575. uh especially, you know, the market's been a little bit weird where the value of boats has been dropping and they've been scared to fall below a threshold, but generally over the last 20 years, it's it's it's been an 80 8020. >> And then what um is the boat insured during these programs and how how am I protected? >> So, generally the the the charter companies will have what's called a fleet policy, but you own it. You will the policy will be in your name. You will technically be paying the insurance premium because you're in business and when you have a business you have insurance. So you actually own the insurance policy and these and these these policies are all risks. They cover the charter all the charter risks, liability, hurricane damage, it's all covered. So it's it's all risks insurance >> and and uh our experience has been really good. Um we we've had a lightning claim and >> yeah we got we got struck by lightning. It was uh that wasn't very good but uh the insurance company did step up and uh you know we got paid out and most of the people I'm speak I speak to there are the there are some where there's you know where where there's issues and people are fighting the insurance companies but you know generally the fleet policies seem to be re pretty as good as it's going to get when it comes to insurance protection. Now, here's one question. Um, and I think you've covered that, but um, do the tax advantages flow through to me personally? >> Yes, it's a pass through. An LLC is a pass through. So, the the tax advantage will throw flow through to you personally. What do we got here? Um, >> we put a brokerage boat >> into charter operation. A brokerage boat. I'm not sure what that means. Uh, a used boat. Uh, if it's if you're talking about about a used boat. Yes. Um, you know, if the boat's for sale, you definitely, if it's a brokerage, if it's for sale, you definitely shouldn't put it into charter operation because charter charter operators take long-term bookings. Uh, it is okay. Yeah, it is used. Yes. If yes, held with the boat, would you recommend? I can tell you that the US market is very, very model ccentric. And so, you know, if you put a boat into a into into a fleet that's, you know, older than like four years, I think you've got a major problem. There are second tier companies that operate um you know, we used to have where where the moings used to operate and have a phase out after 5 years and then it went to a second tier operator that operated the boats for another five years. So, you know, potentially the first five years was in a guaranteed program, the second five years was in a in in a second tier company and that was revenue sharing where the owner paid all the maintenance costs. There's no profit in it. Um, it's generally just a place to keep your boat. Any problems with sale time as a management group? I think they're good. Uh, you know, they they've been around. They've got pretty, you know, sophisticated programs. But remember that sale time you have one owner and then you have members. But uh you know I don't know I think the only person who can take tax benefits on that I could be wrong but would be the owner of the vessel because he's running the business. The members are just basically buying time on the boat. But sale time's good. >> Um you have to make a profit three years out of five to avoid hobby loss rule. Oh, hobby loss. This is one that gets misread a lot. The hobby loss rule states that if you make a profit three out of five years, you cannot be assessed for hobby loss. A lot of people read that to say you have to make a profit three out of five. That's incorrect. You can make a profit a loss 10 years straight. Just you're just a bad business person. The the the the um if you show ability and intent uh to make a profit, then you're okay. But hobby loss is really for the guys who are parking the boat behind their house and trying to take tax breaks. Hobby loss is something that we, you know, 10 years ago they used to pick at that thread all the time when they were doing when they were doing doing, you know, scrutinizing, but hobby loss really is, we don't see it anymore because generally we are really running businesses. Um, so don't get fooled by having to make a profit three out of five. It's it's that that's not true. explain um intent and ability to make a profit. >> Well, we we did it's it's it's it's you know intent is is it means that you want to make a profit. You're going to put it in a recognized cruising ground. Uh you're going to put it with a probably with a good management company. You're going to do good marketing. Um and it's got to be in a place like the Bahamas where it's a desirable location. That's intent and ability. Let's see. We got some more here. Just a second. You will have a large capital. I will have a large 26. Can I still buy a boat this year and offset the capital gains? H um in 2026 I would hold off and buy the boat next year probably reduce the complications you know um because I'm just thinking you know I mean maybe you can but honestly I you you'd have to ask a CPA. I mean, we have Glenn on the on on on this on the thread here. Maybe he can answer that. But, uh, you know, for me, it's now halfway through 2025. I would say, I'm going to order my boat, uh, now. You can place the order, you can pay the deposit, you can define the boat, and then you can have it set for delivery next year because, remember the rule, the boat has to be available for service in the year the deduction is taken. So, you could then take it would arrive, it's it's going into service next year. So then the deduction would apply against your cap gain against Yeah. against your uh uh big your capital gain um income. >> we answered that one. Counting your hour. Can you start counting your hours in the year prior to the book going charter? We answered that one. Um >> here's one. Um can you use the yacht while the boat is in the brow? Personally, >> yes, you can use the yacht. uh you know I mean there's the IRS is is sort of talks about uh 10%. So if the boat does 20 weeks a year that's two weeks that the IRS wouldn't mind but then of course remember you could go down and do your asset inspection and use the boat while you're doing the asset inspection. You could go down and do your familiarization trip so you can go and find a new little cruising ground, some new bays to put on your on your website. That's another week. Um, and if you really want to push it, you know, you might have a friend who wants to go and have a demo sale in the in the BVI. So, you know, again, and you're writing that off against active participation. >> Um, don't you have to have a charter management company identified prior to being approved for a loan for a boat going into charter service? >> Yes, we we we like to do that. uh you know it wouldn't be smart to buy a boat and not have already have the deal put together. So what we do is we put the deal together um with with the charter company. We'll introduce the charter company. We'll look at their contracts. We'll make sure they fair. We'll have the charter company. We when we apply for the finance we will let the chart the finance company know who the charter company will be. Um you know they have to be approved by the bank. So, you know, the bank is also careful about who they do business with. Um, but yes, uh, you should you should have a an agreement with a charter company. I'm going to buy this boat and you're going to take the boat. You you want to close that loop. You don't want to have a it's it's like, you know, insurance ending on Friday and you only reinsure on Monday. You really want to just have have the loop closed. >> Well, the question I think the way I read it may be more about the pre-approval that you mentioned earlier. Do you have to already have the >> No, the pre the pre-approval is based on your financial health. >> The pre-approval is based on your >> go through with the loan. That's when you once we go to the next step. Sorry. Okay. Thanks, Eric. >> Yep. >> If you don't expect to ever make a profit, but are hoping to cover most of the expenses with income, will that raise a red flag with the IRS? >> Well, you should expect to make a >> Yeah. you know, to to to go to to to go to go into a business and knowingly know that you're not going to make a profit. Now, you're starting to get into hobby loss territory. You know, I mean, you've got to show ability and intent to make a profit. If you don't expect to make a profit, you're not showing ability and intent. Uh and and u I think the reason some people ask this is because um some of the people will tell you you only have to do 10 weeks a year. You know, just cover your cost. You don't you don't have to do more than that. >> That's not correct. The road is available and and it can charter and should charter, right? >> Yeah. Look, you know, everyone knows these tax laws. There's every charter company in the business, every broker, you know, oh, you can take tax deductions. That's true. I mean, it's it's it's a well-known it's a well-known process. The thing is the quality of the setup. You know, you want to be in a quality operation where your charter company's quality where where we've got good records of maintenance. You want you you want to know that you've got good quality insurance. You got to know that you've got good support from from your broker, from you know, your your your trusted advisers. So, quality of the operation and quality of what you put together is very important. uh you know I mean everyone's offering it today so you know I think just just just be very sort of uh thoughtful about how you go you know who who you who you getting the information from >> what drives the decision on how much to depreciate in the first year versus taking subsequent year deductions >> that's a good that's a very good question so if you if you're making half a million a year and you an executive and you're making half a million a year, you wouldn't want to take bonus depreciation. It wouldn't make sense to you. You'd want to sort of amortize it over the next 5 years. So then you would use you would do section 179 and you would then take take annual deductions based on the macros depreciation schedule. Uh so the decision simply is what is your tax position? Do did you did you get a $2 million bonus and you've got to and and you're going to get killed in tax uh by a boat. you can offset it or you have a regular income and you just want to have this income over the five years. So the decision is based on income and tax obligation. >> All right. After securing financing, what can one expect as far as deposit percentage when securing of whole slot number and then payments going forward until handover? So it's the 20%. >> So it's so it's the it's a battle chest. Okay. This is also a damn good question. Um, obviously your 20% that you're going to pay, you're going to have lost opportunity cost on it because it would otherwise be invested. Um, essentially what happens is the 20% gets paid to own the slot. Then let's say 6 months later is when the vessel will come off the factory off the factory production line. That's when we close and the bank funds. At that time the bank's going to say, "Right, I funded you and in 30 days you got your first payment." And so you need to have a battle chest of at least three months of mortgage payments. Um and you need to have uh cover insurance. Now a lot of our our insurance companies will take quarterly payments now. So what happens is you don't have that massive hit in the front where you got to pay the full tax amount up front. uh you'll pay quarterly and so the first quarter probably will come out of your pocket but then the next quarter the both generate income and then it it starts cash flowing itself but I would say you need at least three three mortgage payments you need uh at least 25% of whatever the premium is going to be. I mean it's 2.4% I think of whole value is what the the the the insurance costs are. And I would and you also have about a two and a half to $3,000 uh insurance for the delivery of the boat. So that's what I would have as my battle chest, you know, going forwards. Obviously, the trick is to try and get the boat to to service as fast as possible. And obviously when you paste your deposit, if you're with a good charter company, they would have been booking the boat and you'll arrive to a full order book. So it should cash flow relatively quickly depending on the timing of arrival. always time for it to arrive after hurricane season and just before high season is is is and we and this this is all advice that we will give when we're talking to people. >> All right. Uh let's see. Is there a problem if you exit with a sales price that is more than the depreciation residual? For example, if I took a 100% depreciation over two years and then sold the boat for 20% of the original price. It's still a recapture, right? Well, then you know, you you whatever whatever the income is that you sell it for is what you're going to is what you're going to pay the tax on. It's it's you know, I mean, it's called recapture and all the rest of it, but at the end of the day, it's a big slug of income and it's going to be taxed. So, if you're going to take an 80% loss on your boat and only sell it for 20%. Yep. Then that's all you're going to pay the tax on. >> All right. Who are the good insurance companies? I suppose that is. Uh well um contact me directly. Um you know I don't really want to be promoting any particular charter insurance companies. There are a lot of good ones. Um I can tell you who we work with um etc. But that's you know that's phase two of this. >> What's the typical number of years a new boat would be in charter? Is there a minimum? >> You know that's also a good question. If you only do it for two years and take it out, you're starting to get to the the final. I would say three years is probably a good number. And then if you find that your business doesn't work that great, uh you're going to park the boat or you're going to continue but at a lower tempo or something. But I think you've got to have at least three good years of of of revenues chartering to show that you know you've given this a full go. >> All right. Thank you for the sale time comment. That's good. Uh, let's see. Just buy a used boat or an otherwise already built boat. >> Um, yeah. Look, if if you want a boat, if it's cheaper to buy a new boat than to buy a used boat, you know, if you want if you want if you want a a private boat for yourself, um, you're going to pay 65% of the new price in five years. If you buy a new boat, you you you're going to you're going to get your tax break. The charter revenue is going to cover your holding costs. You're going to know the boat from scratch. So, by the time you phase out and take your boat, now you have the used boat. So, if you buy a new boat, you get the used boat in 5 years. I've done the numbers and and honestly, if you've got the time to to wait, uh that makes no sense. It makes no sense to buy a new boat. Well, not no sense. It's there's no problem buying a used boat if you want to go private and you want to just go cruising, then a used boat is is is the way to go. Um, you know, some people want a new boat and that's fine. Everyone's different. But if you want if you want a used boat, if you can if you can swing the new boat into charter for the 5 years, you're going to have your used boat. You're going to have five years of enjoyment. Um, and you're going to have a really really good um knowledge of the boat. So you know it's again it's a it's it's a big discussion depending on what you know what your what you what your plan is. >> What was the app you mentioned before for recording the uh participation? >> It's called Harvest. >> Harvest. >> It's it's you know I I find most of the owners have sort of evolved to there. >> No there are many apps like that. >> Yeah. There are a lot of apps but that's the one that we I find most of the guys use. >> Can you always use your boat if you pay a discounted drink? Yeah, you know, >> rent your own boat. >> Yeah, there there are people that rent their own boat. There people that get their company to rent it for people. There's there's lots of angles to it. Um, if you rent your own boat, it's basically generating income. Uh, so yeah, I would think that that would work. >> See, can you use a week to generate content for social media outlets and marketing purposes and have that the third week on the boat? >> Absolutely. Yes, that's exactly what we did as well. Two weeks, two, three weeks ago. plus your plus your asset inspection. So there's four weeks that you can use the boat without any blowback. >> If you take a 179 in the first year because you have a normal income, then switch and take the bonus depreciation in subsequent years. If you have a large income in year two or three, >> I do not believe that you can elect to take bonus after the purchase of the boat. The this whole stimulus program is to assist with the purchase of new equipment. So I don't think you can do that. I mean, if if you're going to have a big a big event, maybe what you do is you you you take bonus uh and you pay your normal income tax and you use the bonus to offset it. You carry the balance forwards and then you can apply it against because then it's on the books, but I don't think you can put it on the books this the subsequent year. Again, Glenn might be able to help us with that. >> All right. Is there any new inventory available this year to qualify? >> Yes. Um, >> you know, we knew this was coming. So, we've we've uh we've definitely collected some really good inventory and also some really good uh used boats that are in service. So, they turnkey operations that you can buy which is even better. You know, there's there's no lag, there's no carrying mortgage cost, there's no deliveries. It's the boat's in situ. It has all its bookings on on it and they very transparent. Um, so we have a couple of those. We have a couple of new boats of slots that I'm holding. Um I think, you know, we're the Bali dealer. We're the national barley dealer. I think that FPN Lagoon and virtually all the manufacturers have probably got inventory um that's available for delivery this year. As everyone knows, the market is the the the yacht market is down. It's very depressed. So, I wouldn't be surprised if it would be pretty easy to get inventory this year. >> Yeah. And we certainly can help with that. Um the there's one question um we we're almost ready to close, but there's one more question that I've gotten um from people who want to do a fractional or a partnership vote and that can be done, but it's a lot more complicated and um we're not going to discuss it here tonight, but that is something that you can do. Yes, >> we Yeah, we we we're busy bringing out a new product where we can have multiple owners. Um, it can't be fractional because then you've got five or six people that are members of an LLC, you know, at the end when you sell the boat, how you, you know, now you've got to distribute the proceeds at the sale. It gets very, very, very messy. I've tried it for years and I've never found a really good way to do it. We think we found a good way now. Um, we probably launch it before the Annapolis Boat Show where this works. Uh, and I think it covers all the needs for everybody. >> Um, any more questions there? Those are all the Oh, wait, wait. Sorry. There's one more here that just came in. If you don't want to take 100% bonus depreciation in year one, you opt out and take the straight line or macro depreciation over five or 10 years. Is a is this a good strategy to mitigate recapture on resale? >> Well, you know, if you take the macros, you're not going to get 100% back, right? Because if you add up, you know, 10, 18, 14, 11, 9, etc. If you add it, if you add up the entire schedule, it doesn't get you to 100%. But if you've taken that and you sell the boat, the government wants it back. So, you're going to get taxed on the sale of the vessel unless you go for over 10 years um and you fully depreciate it, then you're in a c you're in capital gain territory, which is at a lower rate. Um so, you know, it's it's it's a lot of people use the the the section 179 strategy. A lot of people >> and it's a good strategy. >> Yeah. sometimes, you know, taking 100% bonus year one, the the agents say, "Okay, well, they owe us this. They got a million2 million bucks and they owe us this tax. Oh, they don't owe us anything." You know, that might that might get something going, but but it's legit. I mean, it's this this is a this is this is the law. And if you follow the rules, you know, pretty much you're okay. >> The only thing is I can say is don't get cute. That's all. >> You you might get bored. Um anyway, so any any other questions there? >> No, that's it. It's that's the last one. We got all of them. Uh >> yes, we will we will have a Barley 5.2 at the Annapolis Boat Show. >> We should mention that new model. It is kind of exciting. >> It's Yeah, the Barley 5.2 is a pretty amazing boat. It's a 48vt boat. It's uh it's going to have DC air conditioners. It's got the latest that can run off the batteries. It's it's got a lot of new technology. And we'll have hole number two at the Annapolis show. We're putting it on a ship uh to make sure it gets here in time. Um so that's uh that's really I think is we've already sold so many of them. We've pre-sold them up to into next year. I have one slot left for this year in December. And I have the boat show boat which will be available after the boat show in in in um the Miami boat show in February. And we now sold out to June, end of June, beginning of July next year. all sold. >> And then of course we also have the Bali 5.8 that will be at the boat show which is our boat Snapdragon. And I hope that you all will come and visit us there because we'd love to love to host you and have a drink with you. >> The 58's very successful. I mean we delivering hole what's it >> 26. >> Hole 26 and 27. This month we delivering two 58s this month. Hole 26 and 27. And we have there's over 30 barley 5.8 sold. So, you know, these boats have been tremendously successful. Um, you know, and we like the boats. So, great charter boats, you know, but I mean, look, >> just to be clear, all boats are good. >> Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. >> Terrific. >> Yeah. All right. >> Yeah. Well, done with this. >> I think so. It's obviously there's a lot there and we can't address every little thing for every individual situation, but that's why we're here afterwards. So, you'll get an email. Everybody that's joined on today will get an email. five minutes after we close this out, uh, you can reach out to us. We'll connect you with Steven Erstelle directly or myself or one of our team members and be happy to talk you through the rest of the process and get you out on the water enjoying it and at lower cost. So, thank you for joining us tonight. >> Yep. I'm always I'm always available to talk boats. Uh, so, you know, don't be shy. You can call me whenever you like. >> It was nice spending the time and thank you for spending your time with us tonight. Thanks.

  Top Comments:
  1. @MoetheCPA [2 likes]: Great webinar! As a CPA who works with boat owners on the tax compliance side! I’m thrilled to hear that bonus depreciation is back and made permanent!!
  2. @sccoffee [1 likes]: I love how all these yacht charter programs promote "100% bonus depreciation" and then completely ignore foreign use / foreign entity management / foreign commerce that would disqualify most people wanting to do this.
  3. @happybartons [1 likes]: Thank you for this (and all the others)! Is there much difference in the profit potential between the big charter companies and the boutique ones?
  4. @Palmtreezinthebreeze [1 likes]: For Australians as well or only Americans.?
  5. @ziskabrits618 [1 likes]: 💪🏻💪🏻🕊💪🏻💪🏻

- Why Brand New Sailboats Are a Terrible Investment Right Now: Kind: captions Language: en Why would anyone buy a brand new sailboat in 2026? Seriously, why would anyone walk into a boat show, sit down with a dealer, sign a contract at full manufacturer's suggested retail price, and take delivery of a vessel that will lose more value in the first 3 years than most people spend on a car? Because the numbers right now are brutal. And they're not just bad in the way that boats have always been expensive, they're bad in a new way, a structural way, a way that makes the traditional new boat premium look almost quaint compared to what's actually happening to owners in this market. Because in 2026, you're not just paying for a new boat, you're paying for inflated material costs that the manufacturers have passed directly to you. You're paying for electronics that will be outdated before your warranty expires. You're paying interest rates that are double what they were 4 years ago. You're paying into a regulatory environment that has decided private yacht ownership is a convenient target for tax revenue. And you're doing all of this while the used market is flooding with nearly identical boats 3 to 5 years old, fully equipped, already depreciated, and sitting unsold. That is the 2026 new sailboat trap, and it is worse than most buyers realize. Let's start with the thing everyone knows but almost nobody quantifies properly, depreciation. The moment you take delivery of a new sailboat, you lose money. That's always been true, but the speed and depth of that loss in 2026 has changed. In a balanced market like this one, the initial new boat penalty sits at around 10 to 20% within the first year alone. That's not wear and tear, that's not damage, that's just the market adjusting for the fact that the boat is no longer new. By year 3, you've typically lost 30 to 40% of the original purchase price. By year 5, you're looking at a cumulative loss of around 50%. So, on a $400,000 boat, you could be sitting on $200,000 of evaporated equity in 5 years, and you haven't crashed it, you haven't neglected it, you just owned it. That's the baseline, but here's where 2026 makes it worse. The depreciation curve has steepened because of something the manufacturers are doing to themselves. They're launching new models at a pace that makes their own recent inventory look old. The Beneteau Jeanneau Group alone introduced 66 new models over a 3-year period. 66. That is an absurd rate of product iteration, and every single new model launch effectively ages every existing model in the lineup. A boat that is only 10 to 15 years old now appears significantly more dated than a vessel of the same age would have looked a decade ago. Because the styling changes faster, the cockpit layouts evolve faster, the helm technology moves faster, and buyers on the secondary market can see it. They can compare, they can scroll through listings and immediately tell which generation a boat belongs to. That visual aging effect hammers resale velocity. It makes late model boats harder to sell, and it makes new boats depreciate faster because the next refresh is never far away. So, you're not just losing value because boats lose value, you're losing value because the manufacturer is actively designing your boat into obsolescence. That is accelerated depreciation driven by the people who sold you the boat in the first place. And it gets worse when you zoom out from individual brands and look at what's happening to inventory globally because the used market right now is flooded. The pandemic created a buying frenzy between 2021 and 2024. People who had never owned boats suddenly wanted boats. People who had small boats suddenly wanted bigger boats. Money was cheap, fear of missing out was real, and the industry responded by ramping production and raising prices. Now, those pandemic era buyers are exiting. They're selling, and they're selling into a market that doesn't have enough demand to absorb what they're listing. In the Caribbean alone, there are 387 catamarans for sale. 73% of them are under 10 years old, and the turnover rate on those listings is 24%. That means three out of four listed boats are not finding buyers. That is a completely abnormal supply-demand imbalance, and it creates a ceiling on the resale value of any new boat purchased today. Because why would a rational buyer pay full price for a new 45-footer when they can find a 2022 model, already equipped, already sea-trialed, already passed its worst depreciation, sitting on a dock somewhere in the Caribbean with an increasingly motivated seller? That is the competitive environment a new boat enters the moment it leaves the factory, and it is devastating. Now, layer on top of that what's happening with manufacturing costs because here's the part that feels almost unfair. The price of a new boat has gone up not because the boat is dramatically better, but because the raw materials that go into building it have gotten more expensive, and the manufacturers have passed every cent of that increase to the buyer. Fiberglass. The global fiberglass market is valued at over $21 billion in 2025, growing at nearly 6% annually. Marine manufacturers are competing for materials, especially E-glass, which remains the industry standard for hull construction. But the price of silica, resins, and petroleum-based additives has been volatile. Rising oil prices, driven by geopolitical instability, have a cascading effect on resin costs and shipping. That has compressed manufacturer margins by 3 to 5% since 2023, and instead of absorbing that compression, the builders have raised retail prices. Then, there's electronics. Modern sailboats now ship with integrated digital navigation, automated sail handling, digital monitoring systems, and connectivity suites as standard equipment. That sounds impressive until you realize what it means for pricing and for resale because the copper-clad laminates that form the base of most marine circuit boards have seen price adjustments of up to 30% in 2026. That cost gets baked into the helm suite, the power management system, and the switching panels. And here's the cruel part, those electronics age faster than the hull. A fiberglass hull from 2026 will still be structurally sound in 2040. The navigation system will be a museum piece. So, you're paying a premium for technology that depreciates at the speed of consumer electronics bolted onto a hull that depreciates at the speed of a boat, the worst of both worlds. And when you try to sell that boat in 5 years, the buyer is going to look at the electronics and see something dated. They won't care that the chart plotter cost $4,000 when it was new, they'll care that it doesn't support the latest software, doesn't integrate with their phone properly, and looks like it belongs in a different era. That is dead weight on your resale value, technology that cost you real money on the way in and gives you nothing on the way out. Now, let's talk about what it actually costs to finance a new sailboat in 2026 because this is where the math gets truly painful. The era of cheap money is over. Interest rates for marine loans have climbed to levels that fundamentally change the economics of ownership. For a buyer with excellent credit, you might see rates starting around 6% for someone with good credit, which means a score between 670 and 739, the average boat loan rate has risen to nearly 9%. Let's make that real. Say you're buying a $150,000 sailboat, you put down 30,000, you finance 120,000 over 10 years at around 8 and 1/2% your monthly payment is roughly $1,300. Over the life of the loan, you will pay over $60,000 in interest alone. $60,000. That is not building equity, that is not going toward the boat. That is pure cost of borrowing, and while you're paying that interest, the boat is depreciating at 8 to 10% per year. So, you are simultaneously losing value on the asset and paying a premium for the privilege of losing that value. That is the financial structure of new boat ownership in 2026, and it is objectively terrible. For higher value purchases, the numbers scale proportionally. A $250,000 loan at 6 and 1/2% over 10 years means monthly payments around $2,700. A million-dollar yacht loan, even at the best available rate, means monthly payments above 10,000. Some ultra-high net worth buyers try to work around this with Lombard loans, borrowing against investment portfolios instead of using traditional marine financing. But even those facilities had become more conservative in 2026. Banks are evaluating not just the borrower's credit, but the vessel's manufacturer reputation and potential resale liquidity because the banks have done the math, too. They know what happens to boat values, and they're protecting themselves accordingly. Now, if all of that weren't enough, there is a new layer of cost that didn't exist 5 years ago, regulation. Governments, particularly in Europe, have decided that private yacht ownership is an easy political target, and the fiscal consequences for owners are getting heavier every year. France has led the charge. The French Finance Act of 2026 introduced a 20% tax on what they call non-professional assets held by holding companies. That specifically targets yachts and private jets. The idea is to close the loophole where wealthy individuals categorized personal boats as business equipment to avoid wealth taxes. The tax applies to the fair market value of the vessel, 20% on top of that. France maintains a surcharge on private yachts over 30 m, ranging from 30,000 to 200,000 euros. The National Assembly voted to keep this in the 2026 budget, which signals a permanent political appetite for yacht-specific taxation. This is not a one-time adjustment. This is a policy direction, and other European governments are watching. Then, there's the environmental side. The European Union's Fuel EU Maritime Regulation now requires a 2% improvement in greenhouse gas intensity against a 2020 baseline. The EU Emissions Trading System has expanded beyond carbon dioxide to include methane and nitrous oxide. That shift is particularly punitive for vessels using liquefied natural gas or dual fuel systems because of methane slip, the escape of unburned methane during combustion. For owners of large, modern cruising sailboats that use these advanced propulsion systems to meet green standards, compliance just got significantly more expensive. And a 2026 review is already scheduled to determine whether these requirements should be extended to smaller vessels. So, the regulatory direction is clear. More taxes, more emissions rules, more compliance costs, more friction. And all of it lands on the owner. Now, let's talk about what it actually costs to keep a new sailboat once you own it because the purchase price is not the real price. The real price is the ongoing bleed. The industry has a rough guideline called the 10% rule. It suggests that annual maintenance and operations will cost roughly 10% of the vessel's purchase price. So, a $300,000 boat would cost around 30,000 a year just to maintain and operate. And in 2026, that rule is often an underestimate for new, technically complex vessels. For boats in the zero to five-year age range, the maintenance factor runs between 1,200 and $1,800 per foot per year. That includes professional servicing required to maintain warranties, specialized electronics maintenance, and the detailing premium expected for a vessel that's supposed to look new. On a 45-ft boat, that translates to somewhere between 54,000 and 80,000 dollars a year in maintenance costs alone. Then, add docking fees. In South Florida, a major boating market, marina rates in 2026 run between 18 and 40 dollars per foot per month. Premium marinas charge 45 dollars or more per foot. For a 40-ft yacht, that is an annual docking cost of 8,600 to 19,000 dollars. In the Mediterranean, it's worse. Daily birthing rates for a 40-ft yacht at premium locations range from 200 to 400 euros during summer months. A 60-footer can expect 400 to 800 euros per day. And those prices often exclude utility surcharges and luxury taxes, which can add 20 to 40% on top. Then, there's insurance. Typically, 1 and 1/2 to 3% of hull value annually. On a $400,000 boat, that's 6 to 12,000 a year. Add it all up, monthly payments on the loan, insurance, docking, maintenance, depreciation, the true monthly cost of owning a new 30-ft sailboat in 2026 often exceeds $2,500. For a 45-footer, you're looking at multiples of that. And every single month, the underlying asset is worth less than it was the month before. That is the financial reality, not the brochure reality, not the boat show reality, the spreadsheet reality. And the spreadsheet does not lie. Here's the part that makes all of this feel almost absurd. The technology that makes a new boat feel cutting-edge today is the same technology that will make it feel dated tomorrow. Manufacturers in 2026 are heavily marketing smart, electric, and hybrid propulsion systems. Fontaine Pajot has set a target for 50% of its models to be available with electric or hybrid options. And these systems genuinely work. They're quieter, they're cleaner, they align with the environmental regulations, they attract the green luxury buyer. But, they present an enormous long-term risk to the vessel's value because unlike a traditional diesel engine, which has a service life measured in decades and a well-established secondary market, marine electric propulsion is in a state of rapid evolution. A buyer acquiring an electric sailboat in 2026 is investing in version 1.0 technology. By 2030, advances in solid-state batteries or hydrogen fuel cells may render current lithium-ion systems technologically obsolete and commercially worthless for resale. And the lack of shoreside charging infrastructure in many marinas creates a practical constraint that limits the vessel's cruising range and desirability right now. So, you're paying a massive premium for propulsion technology that may have a shorter useful commercial life than the hull it's installed in. That is the definition of a bad investment. And it's not just electric systems. The integration of AI-driven navigation and satellite connectivity has become a standard expectation. Late-model used boats from 2022 to 2024 are already entering the market with these upgrades pre-installed. A new buyer in 2026 pays full retail for these features. A used buyer acquires them as part of the depreciated hull value. That gap, the difference in cost per feature between new and used, has never been wider than it is right now. So, what is actually happening in the market? The big manufacturers are recovering. Group Beneteau, the world's largest sailboat manufacturer, saw a 26.6% contraction in its sailing business in 2025. But, the company confirmed a return to growth in 2026, driven by a 24% increase in order intake. Hanse Yachts reported a revenue turnaround to 105 million euros in late 2025, with production running at full capacity by early 2026. Fontaine Pajot landed triple boat of the year nominations for 2026. This sounds like good news, but for the buyer, it's actually the opposite because the surge in production capacity is aimed at clearing backlogs that extend into mid-2026 for certain high-demand models. That means a buyer ordering today is locking in 2026 peak pricing for a vessel they may not receive until the market has further softened. You are buying at the top. And by the time you take delivery, the secondary market may have moved further against you. The manufacturers are optimizing for their shareholders, not for your equity. And there's one more structural shift that matters. Consumer behavior is changing. The access over ownership model is gaining traction. Boat clubs and fractional ownership programs are growing because they solve the math problem that private ownership cannot. In the United States, memberships starting from around $600 a month now include captain, fuel, and docking. Those are costs that would exceed $4,000 monthly for a private owner. When a boat club can offer the experience of boating at a fraction of the cost, with none of the depreciation, none of the maintenance, none of the insurance, and none of the docking fees, the pool of potential buyers for your five-year-old boat in 2031 is going to be smaller and more price-sensitive than it is today. That is the demand side of the equation collapsing. Fewer traditional buyers, more alternatives, more price sensitivity, more leverage for the buyer, less for the seller. And if you're the seller, the seller is you five years from now, trying to get out of a boat you bought new at peak pricing. So, what's the rational path? The answer is almost painfully obvious, the late-model brokerage market. Buying a three-to-five-year-old vessel in 2026 allows you to acquire an asset where the steepest portion of the depreciation curve has already been absorbed by the first owner. These boats are typically still under warranty or recently out of it. They carry modern electronics, modern sail handling, and modern safety equipment. They've been sea-trialed. Their systems have been tested. Their weak points have been identified and often corrected. And they're available in a market where sellers are facing historically low turnover rates, which means negotiating leverage is on your side. You get more boat for less money. You avoid the worst of the depreciation hit. You side-step the new boat premium on materials and electronics. And you enter a market where every month that passes gives you slightly more buying power because the inventory keeps growing, and the sellers keep getting more motivated. That is not speculation. That is structural. So, no. Buying a brand new sailboat in 2026 is not just expensive, it is irrational. Unless you have a specific reason that justifies the premium, a custom build, a particular configuration that doesn't exist on the secondary market, a business use case with tax advantages, there is almost no financial scenario where new acquisition outperforms a disciplined used purchase. The depreciation is steeper than it's been in a decade. The financing is the most expensive in 20 years. The regulatory burden is accelerating. The maintenance costs are at record highs. The technology cycle is punishing early adopters. The used market is oversupplied with recent well-equipped inventory. And the cultural shift toward access over ownership is quietly eroding the future buyer pool. That is the 2026 new sailboat market. Not a luxury purchase, a depreciating liability caught between rising costs, falling resale values, and a secondary market that offers almost everything the new market does for dramatically less money. The only question is whether buyers will keep paying the premium for the smell of a new boat or whether they'll finally do the math.

  Top Comments:
  1. @OnzeManInKazakhstan: Oh noes I'll have to worry about taxes once I get my 30m yacht.
  2. @NormanDubowitz: Since when is a sail boat an investment? 😂
  3. @sc0or: Nothing can be better than an old Oyster, or Nordia, or Jongert, or Hylas. They do not understand that purchasing modern racers, and using them as a condo.
  4. @tpv59: So, should I buy a second hand one?

- The Moorings Yacht Ownership Program: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] welcome to Anchors Away the podcast that Chronicles a landlocked new sailor's journey to finding freedom and Adventure at Sea I'm your host Todd Middlebrooks and I welcome you along On my journey in this episode we're going to talk about the Moorings yacht ownership program and why we chose it for our first method of boat ownership that's right as you may remember in the previous episode kind of a welcome back episode I hinted that we have purchased on unhinted I actually announced that we have purchased a boat with the Moorings and I wanted to kind of in this episode give an overview of what that program is about why we chose that and kind of what our buying process has looked like thus far because we haven't actually closed or taken ownership of the boat as of yet so the Moorings is a charter company that owns bases worldwide and what they do is they have their owners provide them boats to put in their Charter Charter program and in return they get some benefits uh so they offer three types of vessels in their program they have mono Saline monoholes they have saline catamarans and they have power catamarans and when they have a base that needs a new vessel and a vessel becomes available then it goes up for sale in their Charter program and that's kind of what happened last year as one of my partners on the boat he went to the Annapolis boat show and was talking to the Moorings and they had a Moorings leopard 50 of the cat assailing catamaran available or coming available and so we put down a deposit on that boat at the show and secured that vessel as we began to go through the negotiations of contract paperwork so our boat will be based in Tortola in the British Virgin Islands but as you'll see it as a part of the program we have access to boats in their 20 bases across the world that we can Charter and sail as a part of the Moorings program again we actually own the boat it goes into their Charter program and they handle all of the maintenance Insurance dockage costs that are associated with boat ownership on our behalf and they provide us with a guaranteed monthly Revenue because we have put our boat in their Charter program and again we have access to their bases worldwide so this is kind of what the program looks like at a glance and they call it worry-free yacht ownership and that's really why we chose this method of boat ownership as our as our first boat purchase we wanted something in in this stage of life we have my wife and I have our youngest is still in high school and we didn't we don't have access to break away long-term uh to get on a boat right now and so we wanted the ability to access a bone and have flexibility to go on these trips regularly without the maintenance and the associated cost of 100 boat ownership so at a glance so we we purchased the yacht again last Annapolis boat show we put down the deposit and our boat is supposed to be in in August of 2023 supposed to close at the end of August so we're excited about that but basically you purchase the yacht and their prices include all the Yachts equipment so the yacht comes delivered and ready to sell once it arrives at your your selected base or not your selected base or your the base of which the the yacht was kind of assigned uh it's around a five-year program um contracts are around five or six sailing Seasons depending on the location that your yacht is located for putting your boat in the program you and your immediate family have access to 12 weeks of sailing each year it's a kind of a points-based system so how much sailing you actually get is based on the season that you want to sail in and then the type of vessel that you want to sell they provide yacht management professional management of the yacht all year round they handle all the the bookings the maintenance they report all that to the owner there are zero operating costs associated with the program again while your boat is in the program under contract they pay the annual birthing costs for the dockage the insurance and the maintenance and all of that they have a pretty extensive maintenance program where I uh there are certain things that they do when the boat comes back off of each Charter there are certain other things that they do annually and then there are maintenance items that are handled at the end of the contract before the kind of contract exit options which those are you can choose to remove the vessel from the program and then you'll you it'll be your private vessel at that point you can broker The Yacht for sale through the Moorings where they act as the broker and they will sell the yacht on your behalf or you could trade your vessel in on a new contract and get a new vessel for a brand new contract with the Moorings if you choose to continue that relationship you also have access to sister ships so again you can use an equivalent sister ship with Moorings or sunsail or choose to upgrade to a larger model depending on where you purchased in their program so if we had purchased a boat outright first of all the cost would have been much greater we would not have had any kind of a guaranteed income we did go on on this boat with a couple of Partners which helps distribute the cost as well though we do have to split up our our sailing time but one of the greatest benefits of The Moorings program is that we have access to their network of bases and vessels so not only do we have a boat that we can go sail in the BVI we also have access to their other boats that we can go sell any anywhere in the world and their bases include areas like Belize and Tahiti and Croatia and Greece and the Seychelles and Australia and Thailand so these are places we wouldn't be able to sail if we just had our single boat in a single location so in our stage of life right now we are just in chartering mode so it's easier for us to break away for a week maybe two and go on a sailing trip than it would be to go and take our boat for a month sale through the Bahamas maybe we'll get there one day hopefully but until we transition into that stage then I think this type of ownership in a program like The Moorings makes perfect sense for us we are half owners of this boat so we'll have six of the 12 weeks that Moorings offers and for now that should be plenty and if we need more down the road then we can once we renew that contract have a go you know Solo in on a contract and get the full 12 weeks or we may look at other ownership programs uh in the future where there may or may not be guaranteed income but the amount of time that you get to sale is up to you then it's your private boat and it's only chartered when you're not using it so really that that relationship is to set up to offset the cost where Moorings is kind of once you put the boat in the program their their Arrangement is designed to cover the cost again which is nice so you have limited you have a little more limited access to your boat but you have guaranteed income and you have access to all of their boats which is really cool so that's a little bit program thank you for tuning in to this episode of anchors away and I look forward to welcoming you back on board for the next episode thanks for tuning in to the show be sure to subscribe and have future episodes automatically docked into your favorite podcast player until then Anchors Away

  Top Comments:
  1. @BoulderMTBR [8 likes]: The simple economics are that you EFFECTIVELY SPEND $45,000 per year as a Moorings “owner”.    1.  You must buy the boat.  2.  Moorings sends you cash during 5 years in the program.  3.  You sell the boat.  When you factor cash/loan to buy, monthly cash-in during the program, and cash from selling the boat, you will have been out of pocket around $45,000 per year—-for 5 years.   So, you can simply compare the cost of a la carte chartering you might do to a $45,000/yr baseline.
  2. @jaycohen4335 [4 likes]: You really seem to like how you have access to their boats at many of their locations. I guess they didn’t tell you at the boat show that they have a public facing website, where you can book boats as a charter and not buy a asset that will be beat to hell. You also mentioned professional maintenance, have you been to their Tortola location?  Good luck with that, hope your boat arrived on time and isn’t late(first sign of a journey that you will end up regretting). This is a time share like situation. Ever wonder if it made sense, why Morning’s just doesn’t buy the boats?
  3. @solohans-o2d [3 likes]: a 9 minute ad for The Moorings.
  4. @TheDoelli [3 likes]: How much were you paid (received a discount on the downpayment for making this video?  Its basically a sales pitch for Moorings.
  5. @mikepayne1350 [3 likes]: I just left the program.   I loved it.  I got to sail all over the world.   If you don't have the time to take all the trips its not a great deal.    I went on my actual boat once in last  3 years.
  6. @comesatime123 [2 likes]: The financial outcome depends a lot on the boat’s residual value in 5 years.  People who bought 5 years ago ended up doing very well due to Covid and inflation.  Time will tell.  If you can use it as a US tax shelter and like boating, it is very attractive but I don’t think a lot of their buyers set it up to meet all of the requirements to tax deduct it.
  7. @chrislahey4276 [2 likes]: So it's a time share basically? How it's described sounds alot like a time share and with the bad reputation of other types of time shares I think I'd pass. To each their own but I associate time shares with scams.
  8. @Skupik1 [2 likes]: I’d love to hear more about the details, costs and the overall budget if it comes to Moorings.
  9. @julietboggio830 [1 likes]: I would strongly dispute "they do regular maintenance" Moorings in Tortola is a disaster zone. The boats are only fixed when something breaks. There are no records of any maintenance done. Thus far payments have been received. Not for the faint of heart, incredibly frustrating trying to get anything repaired
  10. @svalannah [1 likes]: For god sakes I hope you backed out of that crap ass contract. It will be one of the biggest mistakes of you life. You buy a boat and have limited access to it . O and the things they do as for maintenance... research (Cheeki Rafiki) boy they sure took good care of that charter boat. Boat was a total loss and only 5 people lost lives due to cost cutting and time saving bad decisions.
  11. @timdemming6352 [1 likes]: Thanks for the video.  What happens during hurricanes?  And who absorbs the lost value should the boat become damaged?
  12. @6800891 [1 likes]: Im ignorant. How does this compare with simply renting when you want to? Then if you are able to go full time, buy one of the post charter boat either alone or with a buddy?
  13. @coop3014 [1 likes]: They’re called “ports” not “bases”.
  14. @DerekMurawsky [1 likes]: How did they handle the guaranteed income during COVID when everything was locked down? How guaranteed is "guaranteed"? I recall hearing horror stories about this.
  15. @sheepcreeksociety7985: If you didn’t pen a check and purchase a boat outright with COD in hand and no leans then You don’t own it. Bringing on board a 3rd member in the purchase (moorings) almost guarantees they own the boat and you’re paying the bill.   And in no way could this be cheaper than buying a boat without them. 
Seriously. Calculators are a real thing and so are time share scams. 

Just buy a used boat you can actually afford if a new cat is out of reach. Don’t make it more complicated then it needs to be
  16. @johndoolittle69: Great episode… thank you Todd!🙏🏼🇺🇸🔱
  17. @JohnParsons-w8s: How is this going after the first year? How's the partnership going? Were you able to use your 6 weeks of owner's time. I'm skeptical about the charter buying model as it sounds like the timeshare scam.
  18. @William-kl8dp: After seeing charter captains doing some of the craziest and dumbest stuff I have ever seen I would hesitate.
  19. @thomasbrasse3145: Would love regular updates on this ownership experience.  Still thinking.  Similar situation as you.
  20. @BruceJones-vt4cm: Thanks for the info Todd!!  We are currently reviewing Moorings/Sunsail!  Have you now taken possession?  What make/model/etc. did you purchase?  Any updates to share?  Also, cabin layout?  We are looking at the 4 cabin version instead of an owners suite.  Thanks in advance!

- Yacht Depreciation: Honest Truth - Yacht Hunter: Kind: captions Language: en guys how are ya it's Chris Martin of the yacht hunter busting an urban myth about yachts appreciation because there is no blanket schedule that every yacht sticks to there's nothing it's not like 20% one year 10% 5% 3% none of that and if anyone tell you that stop listening whatever they're saying if your yacht is kept in great meticulous condition and it's priced properly you will always fetch the highest value possible in the shortest amount of time because what happens is depreciation amongst any boat any yacht owner is eventually someone who's gonna price their boat too high which happens all the time whether the broker marks up or an owner wants an unrealistic price then the boat sits on the market for a really long time and the owner says you know what I'm ready to move into something else or whatever the the thought process is they end up selling the yacht at a price point that's much below what they were initially seeking or what they initially could have gotten so what I do with all my clients is for instance say you're looking at the a 64 foot Pershing built in 2013 you want to look at the sales records what itself we're in 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 and so on this is gonna allow you to have a better sense of understanding the trajectory of that exact yeah now while depreciation it should be calculated on a boat by boat basis if you're gonna go if you're going to be smart about it but what you can do to protect yourself is buy from established builders okay if you're buying from the upstart company that says hey we're a much more attractive price point we pack more technology we're a much better value if that company doesn't sell enough yachts in three years five years their company's gonna be out of business and there's gonna be no secondary or tertiary demand for that yacht so naturally those yachts are gonna sit on the market longer and sell at a price below what everything else on the market is going for and the third is keep your service records readily available set up an email address do whatever you have to do but make sure that when a buyer says hey I'd like whatever information you have on the boat you're ready to give it to them right there on the spot not ah let me track it down or have my accountant fire me I don't know when my kid or I gotta track down the person who did the work to get me another invoice no good not now wouldn't work in anything you sell in your business so it shouldn't work on your boat but it's all too common it's a matter of friction and we want to eliminate as much friction as we can so you're buying a yacht you want to make sure you buy something that's of a good value reach out for the recent sales records I'll be happy to present it to you if you reach out to me on my website www.rinaldin.com ents below for again on my website so thanks so much for watching as always happy yachting my friends [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @HTHAMMACK1 [3 likes]: Depreciation on a yacht is massive. It's a waste of money. If you're rich, rent a luxury yacht. I've heard to many billionaires talk about the money pit of a yacht.
  2. @gman8230 [2 likes]: howcome I heard a billionaire saying that a 250 million dollar yacht most of the time will only be worth 50 million after 10 years. said it could lose 100 mil in like the first year...was he just full of it?
  3. @kevingumfory: Im a nillionaire and even i know a boats the worst investment on the planet.
  4. @rogerfranz1256: All good advice

- How much do boats depreciate?: Kind: captions Language: en would you believe me if I told you that other than some collectible and classic cars boats hold their value better than any other recreational vehicle in the world voting is very inexpensive because of low depreciation stick around to find out more hi I'm Shaun from lens Cove lessons and boating if you're anything like me you really dislike buying anything that is worth less in value after you pay for it other than real estate good investments or collectible art almost everything we spend money on just goes down in value that after we purchase it by the end of this video you'll understand how much abode appreciates in the first year each year after that and all the variables that go into deciding how that happens stick around to the end of this video I'm going to give you three tips on how to keep your boat looking like new for years to come in this video we're gonna cover our season in usage why cars are totally different than boats why other recreational vehicles are different the best boats for depreciation and what you can expect each year and owning a boat we're basing this video and how much but boats depreciate based on our usage here in the northern hemisphere and we're in Canada but even people mostly North America wide only really boat heavily in the summer months because we use our boats in the northern hemisphere we really only get to use them for a few months a year and although that sucks it also means that we're putting low hours on them and they're really not getting heavy usage because of that any given season or year in a boat is really only like 2 to 3 months in a car so that's one of the reasons that they hold their value for much longer because we really just don't use them all that much the boat market is one one-thousandth the size of the automotive market and what that means is that it is a dramatically more limited supply of good used boats because of that we don't have a lot to pick and choose from it elevates the pricing on use built market and that really drives and helps hold that depreciation at a low level couple that with how little we use it and it really keeps them a lot higher the automotive market you can go and find car everywhere boats are much harder to find than a used boat market because boats have a higher initial purchase price than ATVs UTVs or snowmobiles they tend to be in some cases better taken care of and they're less prone to abuse by their owners you don't find people running their boats on the pin taking tech corners using them in the mud getting them stuck so by and large a boat is a little more gently used than a lot of other recreational vehicles so just like we were talking about that there is a high demand for boats the boats that have the lowest depreciation or hold their value best are the ones that have the most broad market appeal so those are pontoon boats from 16 to 22 foot range with good horsepower center consoles from 18 to 24 feet fishing boats from 16 to 22 tow boats from 20 to 24 all of those market segments have a lot of people looking for them as soon as you get outside that market segment you get into the high performance multi engine big offshore style boats large cruisers their depreciation will be a little bit faster than a boat although still way better than a car so if you want to look for your lowest depreciation boat or the boat that holds its value the highest look for ones that are popular on the market so just like anything else the moment you take it off the lot and it becomes a used boat it will depreciate the most in the first year then that depreciation curve slows right down so in the first year if you were to buy a new boat expect that at least 10% of the value goes away in the first year by year five you're probably at 20 to 25% of the value and by year 10 you're at 30 to 40 but you compare that to a car and it's significantly better a 10 year old car is often worth only about 10 percent of its value where a 10 year old boat is worth 60 percent of its value boats are not cheap to buy but they are inexpensive to own that is because there's a robust use market there's a limited supply and they have relatively low usage which helps keep their value relatively high if you're trying to figure out what recreational vehicle to buy remember that boating is a longer season than most they hold their value really well and also you have way more ability to take friends and family out you can't take a group of 10 people snowmobiling on your snowmobile and you can't take a group of 10 people and family members out on your four-wheeler but a boat you can check out this link for a video on the total cost of ownership which goes over everything you can expect when you own your boat from the day you purchase it to the day you sell it there's also a link in the description below and as promised here are the three tips to help you keep your boat looking like new and hold its value better one wash your boat with ample water and soap never dry wash your boat do it multiple times a year and wax your boat at least once at the beginning the season to keep it sealed and keep the sun damage at a minimum to store your boat indoors as much as possible if available put your boat in winter storage indoors and if possible keep your boat in a boathouse or undercover in the summer to limit the UV damage 3 never let your company step on your vinyl boat seats that extra pressure really puts a lot of tension on the seams and can pull it apart also don't ever wash your vinyl with a harsh chemical soap and water is fine or I'm like a McGuire's vinyl restorer but never something harsh thank you for joining us on let's go of lessons of boating for today's video remember to like this video and subscribe for more anything have fun and we'll see you out on the water

  Top Comments:
  1. @jckdnls9292 [17 likes]: This is the ammunition I needed to convince the wife , thank you !
  2. @mboyer68 [11 likes]: "Boats are inexpensive to own." That's a statement that needs A LOT more information to be considered correct. If you have a boat on a trailer that you can store at your house and launch/load yourself then yes, boats are inexpensive to own. 
However..if you have a boat that's greater than 8½ foot beam, or it's too big for you to tow with whatever vehicle you own, you have to keep your boat at a marina, and they usually force you to use them to winterize, shrink wrap, summerize, and store...on top of monthly dock fees. So except for the first situation, owning a boat IS EXPENSIVE.
I owned a 1987 Ski Centurion competition ski boat for 8 years and sold it for $600 less than I bought it for. My next boat was a 1994 Wellcraft Nova Spyder. I bought it for $17K from the original owner who had paid $65K for the boat. He paid almost 4X what I paid. Never ever buy a new  boat unless you love wasting money.
  3. @alpachlavi [5 likes]: I think you missed one major reason. Depreciation is low because innovation is low. A GRP hull lasts forever if properly maintained, drivetrain technology did not significantly change the last 50 years and electronics are easy to change. There are not so many reasons to buy new boats over older ones.
  4. @boatinglessons [3 likes]: Have you ever bought a boat, used it for a while, and sold it for the same amount or more than you paid for it? Tell us here!
  5. @Chillguydrew [3 likes]: Wow I’m sold buying a boat!
  6. @kevinblatter2369 [2 likes]: Thank you for your explanation. I've tried to explain this to people when they wonder why my 10-year old boat still is worth a lot compared to a car of the same age. Now I will just point them to your video.
  7. @Boatman-ol1pm [1 likes]: Did you really say boats are inexpensive to own???
  8. @Adam-zg9cm [1 likes]: This is misleading and contains some misinformation, depending on location. A ten year old car does not devalue to 10 percent. Maybe somewhere that they experience rust due to salt, but here in Louisiana, a 10 year old car only depreciates by 50 percent. Of course, condition is relevant. A car us far utility and recreation. Affording you to work, shop, etc. Th in s is a ridiculous pitch especially to those if us that iwn boats....and use them.
  9. @pawelwisniewski-ski [1 likes]: If boats don’t depreciate quick it means it’s more expensive to get into boating , not the other way around
  10. @georgesaraamonette1782: a friend just got a new Manitou, and I'm thinking about a new Silver Wave.  Do you recommend putting any fabric protection on the seats and or the bimini (like scotch guard)?
  11. @ChrisSanderson-iz2om: Solid info! Thanks.
  12. @adrianATL26: This comparison to cars didn't hold up in 2021-2022 lol... Then again nobody I know could have predicted 2020
  13. @chileheadcraig: Are "magic erasers" ok to use on boat surface or upholstery?  Didn't know if that considered too harsh

- Is It Better To Buy A New Or Used Boat Regarding Depreciation? - Boat Life Masters: Kind: captions Language: en Is it better to buy a new or used boat regarding depreciation? When deciding whether to buy a new or used boat, you might wonder how depreciation plays a role in your choice. Depreciation is simply the reduction in value of a boat over time. Understanding how this affects new and used boats can guide you in making a smart decision. New boats usually depreciate faster than used ones. The moment you take delivery of a new boat, its value starts to drop. Typically, a new boat can lose about 10% to 15% of its value within the first year. This trend continues with the value decreasing by around 20% to 30% by the fifth year. By the time a boat reaches 10 years old, it may have lost about 30% to 40% of its original price. On the other hand, used boats have already gone through their steepest depreciation curve. This means their value tends to be more stable over time. Since the initial drop in value has already occurred, used boats often retain their worth better than new boats. This stability can be a big plus if you plan to sell the boat later. When it comes to fishing boats, your choice between new and used can depend on your specific needs. If having the latest technology and minimal maintenance is important to you, a new boat might be the way to go. New boats often come equipped with modern features that can enhance your fishing experience. However, if you are working with a tighter budget and want a cost-effective option, a used fishing boat can still offer reliable performance without the hefty price tag. Ultimately, whether it is better to buy a new or used boat regarding depreciation depends on your priorities. If you care about resale value and plan to keep the boat for a short time, a used boat may be a better fit. However, if you want the latest features and are okay with absorbing the initial depreciation, a new boat could be the right choice for you. Consider your needs, budget, and how long you plan to keep the boat to make the best decision for your fishing adventures.

- Cost of Depreciation on a Catamaran: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hi this is Wy sharp with Dennis and yting here in the beautiful Virgin Islands and I want to do a quick video on the cost of depreciation in owning a cataman uh there's a lot of information out there on the internet some of it good some of it not so good and I just want to go over some of the factors that impact the depreciation on a cataman uh you know a lot of people ask the question and they want an answer of oh your your cat will depreciate 10% of year 5% year 20% a year the reality is there's just no simple answer there's just a number of different factors that'll impact the depreciation on a catamaran uh one of the things I always tell my clients when working with a buyer is you don't make your money when you sell your catamaran you make your money when you buy your catamaran and basically what what that means is if you buy your boat right you're going to minimize your depreciation when you sell it and it's always really important when going into a camran to to kind of have an idea of your exit strategy have a rough idea of what you're going to look at uh you know 3 to five years time when you sell the boat uh cuz the reality is people usually you know don't own a catam ran more than 5 years uh so just kind of give you an example the uh the leopard 46 which as many of you know I is a boat I absolutely love I mean I've done Atlantic Crossings on them sailed them quite a bit um you know I'll just kind of give you some real numbers there on a specific boat to kind of give you the idea so that boat when it was new went into the moing charter Fleet it cost the own $729,000 in 2011 when it came out of the charter Fleet the second owner paid $330,000 for the boat in 2011 so that means the original owner took over 50% depreciation hit in 5 years which is pretty significant in my opinion the uh the second owner just sold the boat at the end of 2016 so he also owned the boat for 5 years and he actually sold it for $320,000 so basically the second owner when he purchased that boat he bought it at the right time he bought it in 2011 when the economy was still a little bit slow recovering from the uh recession and bought it at a time when there was a bunch of leopard 46s coming onto the market out of the moring yacht Charters and not necessarily a whole heck of a lot of buyers there uh you know those same boats are you know selling you know 330 340 that many years later and that's CU those people bought the boats right uh there's another boat same make model leopard 46 it's a 2010 that I know some folks they paid $450,000 for the boat last year which is significantly over market value and unfortunately for them the market has softened on Leopard 46 is over the last 12 months and their boat's probably only worth about 330 $350,000 so if they wanted to sell the boat they would take a pretty significant hit in depreciation in that first year and that's where the you know saying comes into play you don't make your money when you sell your boat you make your money when you buy your boat a another factor that comes into play on depreciation with pre-owned boats or really any boat is the currency exchange as an American citizen we're always buying in US Dollars and the uh strength or weakness of the dollar has a huge impact on the depreciation of our boots uh an example of that is the sa 50 cost about 850,000 well equipped if you bought a Sab of 50 back in 2013 when it was a new model the Euro was as strong as 1.37 uh Euro dollars to the euro uh so they were able to buy a137 for every one Euro so if you bought a Fane P Saba 50 in3 in US Dollars that worked out to be about $1.16 million in 2015 it was down to about a15 the Euro and so if you were to buy that same boat for $850,000 you're paying about $892,000 for the boat and so just in in depreciation alone that's about a 23% difference in change and so the uh the impact on depreciation is if you bought that boat in 2013 and you wanted to sell it in 2015 you're going to be competing against new boats uh because somebody's going to look at your boat and say okay they're ask asking X for it whereas can get a brand new boat for wi so currency also plays a huge factor in the depreciation at least for us American Yacht owners another big thing that impacts depreciation is uh kind of brand recognition and uh Prestige if you want to call it that if you go with a boat like a fountaine Pou or a lagoon a leopard a privileged cataman a PDQ uh Gemini catamarans I mean some of those well-known Brands there's established markets for those boats so if you buy a boat let's say a lagoon 440 and you pay $350,000 for the boat in a couple years time you're going to have a pretty good or pretty easy time getting a good portion of your money out if you go with one of those kind of oneoff odd like South African designs like a royal Cape 53 is an example and you try to sell it down the road uh you're going to face I think a bit sharper uh depreciation curve there are you know exceptions to the smaller Builders privilege catamarans being one uh you know PDQ and anaris being another I mean those are both Prime examples of boats that have pretty much uh I don't want to say bottomed out depreciation wise but they're they're really holding their value because they're quite desirable boats that were built to a really high standard I mean one of my favorite stories is from uh Katherine at privilege catamarans or she was with privilege she was there for about 25 years and I was chatting with her at a Boch a few years ago and she said the privilege 65 which they only Built 11 of them actually cost more now today on The Brokerage Market than when they built that boat new back in the 9s so um yeah so brands are you know very important for minimizing your depreciation uh condition is also a very very big thing if you maintain your boat it's not necessarily going to add value but it's going to help it hold its value significantly better and make it far more attractive when it comes to sell I mean it's it's um not uncommon on the uh brokerage Market where you'll see a cataman sit for a year year and a half and the reason for that is the conditions just not there based on where they're pricing it at and all you're going to see is just further depreciation over that year that it's on the market where you're not using it you're not enjoying it and unfortunately in most cases not maintaining it uh what I would say when it comes to maintaining your boat is when you go to put it on the market make sure you've got it you know in a good place where everything works it's clean it's been detailed uh you know everything's been gone through and everything's in good working order but I would also recommend against things like putting new sales on the boat putting a new generator upgrading the electronics unless you absolutely have to because you're not going to get that money back out when you sell it so those are kind of some of the factors that impact appreciation on catamarans if you have any questions if you'd like a market report on any make and model please don't hesitate to send me an email leave a comment down below and if you like what I have to say don't forget to hit the Subscribe button thanks and have a good day

  Top Comments:
  1. @nautidad [3 likes]: In your leopard example, I’m sure the second owner had to have sunk another 50-75k in upgrades and replacements.
  2. @the101connection [2 likes]: Another great video Wiley, love to share some of them on our Business Show here in Western Australia
  3. @dcc2444 [2 likes]: Wiley, as a potential cat buyer (dreamer) your videos are very educational and fact finding. I live in Tampa and have been looking at cats for several years and cant believe how much the prices have rose. As a old crusty retired Navy SCPO, its my goal to fully retire in a few years purchase a cat and float around FLA and Caribbean like Capt. Ron. But damn are there any good boats out there that wont break the bank?
  4. @dejayrezme8617 [1 likes]: Rofl you make your money when you buy a catamaran? That is some grade A bullshit haha. I guess you are a good salesman ;)
Interesting video anyways, thanks!
  5. @the_moutons: Can you do an updated version of this episode?
  6. @markybolton: What do you think about the Bali, Balance or Excess models? Do you think they will hold their values? I have been a dedicated fan of your videos so your thoughts are important!
  7. @hectatusbreakfastus6106: Got any recommendations for a first time buyer?  I'm looking for something that can get me from Canada to South America on the Atlantic side.
  8. @JonniArmani: 👊👊👊
  9. @jamielancaster01: Thanks Wiley.
  10. @rnc.4575: Very good info Wiley, Gracia's!
  11. @tompaddrik1696: Excellent explanation!
  12. @sailorleev6497: I've just watched this again, and now that we're closer to looking/purchasing it helped a great deal to revisit some of what you said. Reaching out to discuss one of your replies below! Regards< ~Lee
  13. @nunziobusiness1509: I think Dave Barry said it best: Never buy a boat.  Boats are money hogs. Buy one if you want, but know that you'll never see the majority of that money ever again, and that's fine for some people if they have it to burn and want the lifestyle.
  14. @williamwiese9963: Nice video and great info
  15. @jacksonms212: Damit wiley , all the boats I've been looking at all have crap sails ... now I know who to blame :)
  16. @Liennomis: awesome information thanks!
  17. @jeffmullins1475: Is there a particular reason people only keep cats 5 years on average? Seems like a major expense for such a short period.
  18. @daveschroder6241: Thanks for the great video and information.  Just subscribed to your channel. I have been gathering information and am interested in buying a catamaran.  Would appreciate your comments on Gemini cats.  What model gives the best bang for the buck?
  19. @MartialLONGANGUE: Wiley, peux-tu ressortir une version sous-titrée en français s'il te plaît? j'aimerais pouvoir profiter de tes conseils mais hélas, je ne comprend pas l'anglais. Merci pour tes abonnés francophones.
  20. @ladyashephd727: Thank You now I know I will buy a monohull.

- Yacht Bonus Depreciation 2026 Update – One Big Beautiful Bill Act – YachtBuying101.com: Kind: captions Language: en 2026 [music] maritime tax strategy. The strategic owner's advantage for the modern mariner. A vessel [music] is more than just a gateway to the water. It is a sophisticated financial asset. [music] Whether you're acquiring a versatile center console for a boutique charter business or a worldclass super yacht, the most successful owners know that the real value is found in the strategy [music] behind the purchase. Right now, we are in a historic era of opportunity [music] under the one big beautiful bill act. The 100% bonus depreciation under section 168K [music] has been fully restored. This is a progrowth policy designed to reward those who invest in [music] the maritime industry, offering a finite window of opportunity [music] through December 31st, 2029. This isn't about finding a loophole. It's about strategic alignment. It allows you to transform a major acquisition into a powerful [music] engine for capital preservation by accelerating years of deductions into a single tax cycle. The math of smart ownership. Consider [music] the impact on a $10 million yacht acquisition. This strategy enables an immediate [music] 100% deduction at a 37% federal tax rate. That represents $3.7 [music] million in capital that remains in your hands in year 1. Your net acquisition cost is [music] effectively reduced to 6.3 million. This is highlevel financial planning, [music] keeping your capital liquid so it can be reinvested into your business or your next venture [music] rather than overleveraging your tax liability. Execution is everything. While the benefits are significant, the strategy [music] requires precision. The most critical factor is the placed in service requirement. This is where timing becomes your greatest asset. To secure this deduction, the vessel must be fully [music] operational and available for its intended use by year end. This is why we often recommend focusing on turnkey [music] brokerage vessels, vessels that are already crude, coded, and ready for service, ensuring you don't miss the window due to shipyard delays. [music] Sustainable success. Our goal is not just to help you secure the deduction, but to help you protect it. [music] To ensure your maritime investment remains a long-term benefit. Marine attorneys utilize [music] the corporation transfer strategy. This serves as a professional framework to manage [music] your vessel's life cycle, providing peace of mind and protecting your financial legacy from [music] future recapture. Your next move. We've built the blueprint. Now it's time to refine the execution. For a deeper dive into these strategies, [music] visit yachbbying101.com. When you are ready to move from research to reality, find [music] us on social media and send the word compass. We'll invite you to our private intelligence briefing and share our full library of strategic [music] reports to help you navigate your next acquisition with confidence. For additional information, [music] please feel free to email me at tsmintedyotss.com. Also feel [music] free to text me at 404859819.

  Top Comments:
  1. @MintedYachts: 2026 bonus depreciation changes may create significant opportunities (or considerations) for yacht buyers and brokers. For a tailored assessment of how the One Big Beautiful Bill affects your acquisition or refit, contact Tony Smith at +1 (404) 805-9819 or TS@MintedYachts.com. More info: YachtBuying101.com

- Yacht Racing 101: Kind: captions Language: en-US Yacht racing is a thrilling sport that blends skill, strategy, and teamwork on the water. Whether you are sailing a nimble dinghy or a powerful offshore yacht, every race is a test of precision and adaptability. Races can be short sprints or long-distance challenges, each with unique demands. Courses are marked by buoys, and the start sequence is signaled by flags and sounds. Understanding right-of-way rules is crucial to avoid penalties and ensure safe, fair competition. Proper gear is essential: sailing gloves, non-slip shoes, and a well-fitting life jacket are must-haves. Safety is always a priority, with teams carrying radios, flares, and practicing regular drills to handle emergencies on the water. Every crew member has a specific role, from steering to trimming sails. Clear communication and trust are vital, turning a group of sailors into a coordinated team. Even beginners can contribute by learning supportive roles and growing into more technical positions. New sailors practice tacking, jibing, and trimming sails to maximize speed. Reading wind shifts and balancing the boat are key skills that develop with experience and observation. Join a local sailing club or volunteer as crew to learn from experienced racers. With practice and mentorship, anyone can find their footing in yacht

- Youngest In The Yacht Club - Minikon (I'm Tryna Do What I Love & Make Money Doing It): Kind: captions Language: en hey yo this is IM Minon and I'm trying to you know the vi I'm on the youngest in the yacht club and we outside we just did a great podcast youngest in the yach club I am Vince Serrano oh man we got a special guest today he's an influencer boxer Creator bom mini con what's up bro I'm trying to you know the bu we outside I'm here I'm chilling I don't know way do I look there do I look here my okay do you are uh you know you were one of the guys man I Met You in Houston but we always start off youngest in the yacht club with the same question who is minikon who is minikon um I'm just a dude man I'm just a guy uh I literally I don't know like I'm just a guy that like I want to make money off of doing everything that I have fun doing and um right now I'm having fun boxing making comedy videos and doing that whole thing so it's just like yeah I'm just I guess some people look at me as a boxer some people look at me as a content creator I'm just a dude man yeah man I mean you you you you killing it bro you you crazy with it yeah dog I mean [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you doing it dog I see you um you know you was just on you you got a big fight coming up yeah August 31st Dublin Ireland woo you know the vi on misfitz Doone yes sir Misfits and Dione um how did that how did that come about like whole like quick backstory like how did you get into like the content creation um basically I I used to shoot and edit music videos and um I was going around shooting and editing for people this guy named Victor Pope Jr he hit me up and he was like um yo can you come to LA shoot this video for us so I flew from Texas cuz I'm from Dallas Texas Fort Worth Texas Funkytown Fort Worth um flew over there shot the video or I was shooting videos for them and then um it was all the famous Viners at the time back in 2015 Vine was like the hottest at Vine was like bigger than what Tik Tok is right now right and then um this dude uh named dope Island was like he was uh chilling with me one day he was just like yo he's like um like are you happy doing what you're doing like you have a personality you should step in front of the camera and I was just like no I'm chilling cuz I had the worst [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] social anxiety and or not not social anxiety basically in front of the camera anxiety right and then um he was just like yeah getting in front of the camera I was like n I'm Gucci and dude was just like okay well how much money like are you making doing what you doing or do and I was just like ah well [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'm chilling right now I mean I live with the moms making $600 like here and there $700 like a video I'm Gucci I'm good I'm chilling bro I can survive off of literally like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] $5 to $800 a month I'm good [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] was like okay well um can I say the n- word yeah of course [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] was like okay well uh yeah you just filmed a uh video of me breaking a Kit Kat and jumping in a pool I made $5,000 just now and I was like that's crazy I'm doing the wrong things sho got in got in it flipped it like that crazy it's crazy hold on another story um has nothing to do with me but King Batch you know who that is no King B he's one of the like biggest like OG like finders that like he was one of the first that made it onto the real scene I guess like um he was in movies and doing [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] right the first deal that he ever got offered they're just like how much money do you want us to pay us it was Samsung they're like uh how much money like um can we pay you to like get a video and um he was just like I don't know like and he like asked his parents and everything they're like okay like uh he was like yeah $500 they laughed at that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and gave him $10,000 they're like damn like well you don't know you're worth okay Bet here we go and still and giving him $10,000 they still a steal to them and they're like okay bet so it's like it's crazy like back in the day how much money you could make from this because like the influencer scene wasn't as saturated now now you're now you're like at the top level you're doing things I see you on a podcast I see you you know what I'm saying promoting I see you know we you were in comedy too huh yeah yeah yeah how did that come about like how does the comedy you know what I'm saying how did how did that like you know you said you from Fort Worth like how did what what comedy on the internet were you doing like man I'm I was just I don't know the skits I mean I I think like the viners like I I was just doing [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like really we're making videos um every day on situations that would happen that would be funny like I literally don't post a video unless if like it happened and I laughed at it or if I would laugh in that moment at that video like I literally don't post anything to where it's just like oh I need content like let me Force this n like I literally have to die laughing from a situation and I'm like okay let me make it my own so um yeah so it was just like I don't know like I I think from the um directing that I used to do like from the music videos and everything like that um I like storytelling so I just like I like transition it into storytelling comedy about my own life and um then I started utilizing the fact that I knew a lot of attractive women and got with it yeah and like I was just like oh we're going viral so might as well keep on doing that that's fine yeah you know that was that one of the things is that like one of the things that started getting like you know what I'm saying yeah yeah I mean there's been man I've I've honestly and I can humbly say this that I've been viral for so many different like type of things that like nobody would even notice it's me and like half the time I forget it happened so um yeah so it's just like I don't I don't even know man like there's there's literally I promise you without even knowing there's been like huge videos that y'all have seen in this room don't even know it's you yeah like so just like i' I've always been the guy that like for one I move around really easy I travel a lot so um I've been everywhere that's like something's happening or thing's happening even now we at the Jake Paul fight it's like why the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] am I here crazy and then it's like um yeah so it's like I'm always at a place that something big is happening and then like yeah I'll just be in a moment and yeah viral that's crazy that's crazy bro uh earlier in you know backstage you were saying that you were uh an athlete yeah yeah how did that like how did how did that come up like how how did it come me being an athlete I came out my mom's you just blessed no you have to work hard at that huh oh man no no no trust me I'm freaking every day I wasn't I wasn't gifted with coordination I guess and um yeah but I mean I definitely was gifted with jeans to where it's like if we work like me and my brother the same way if like uh we work hard at something and like stay in the weight room like we like we get the Max results pretty fast and um yeah man I uh when I was younger I was at first I wanted to be an artist and I was doing all the art things winning all the art competitions blaz Blas and then um I I was a football player from when I was probably eight years old to um when I was like 24 or 23 and um damn yeah you just yeah that's all I did was ball ball ball and then I was a track star for a little bit um no you're right huh number one in the nation 30 oh no no no number one in the state 37th in the nation I be forgetting the number sometimes sometimes it comes to me that's crazy but um what what what event a long jump long jump I was a long jumper I hated running I still hate running uh but I have to do it for boxing all the time but um yeah I was doing all that and uh yeah I was just always an athlete and I I was always a hard worker like every like even yesterday um the Tarver guy yeah Antonio yeah yeah he was just like you the last one out the gym and I was just like it's always me always I would I would show up I'm not the first one in the gym cuz I'm a late ass [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'm always late but last one that's me I'm always a last one out the gym any like even here or even the gyms that I'm in now you know I'm with the top fighters and still like I I just work for it I try to work for it yeah if you ain't going to see it today you going to see it at some point that like yeah that dog's in me dog how did you end up boxing boxing um boxing came from oh yeah yeah I got fat um there we go hold on how did Box come up how did it come up I got fat um yeah it was during the pandemic man and um we gained a lot of weight uh I was just trying to to you know get that summerbody going on and I started uh YouTube and boxing videos and literally I'd be in my room like I was uh so during the pandemic I was living in La at first and then I heard about the pandemic coming strong or before the pandemic I was living in La heard about the pmic I was like oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'm never going to get to see my family again so then I like packed all my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] moved back to Fort Worth and then um so like when we were on lockdown lockdown I was in my mom's crib and I had my bedroom and like I would just literally put on uh YouTube videos of boxing every day out would be in that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like I'm like no cap every day with the weights doing this boxing drill um and like teaching myself I thought like I knew how to fight like at the end of the pandemic I was like damn I'm a pro boxer that's crazy like D Floyd Mayweather can't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with me damn I really thought I was like I was I'm cold and then um uh I went to a party and uh this uh actual dude that's a MMA fighter was just like yo like and he had a crazy like uh no Diddy crazy bu and I was just like oh damn I like that's my goal I want to get to uh look like you so he's like come to my gym um I'll take care of you like uh cultural training for free blah blah blah went there started training two weeks later uh the UK had hit me up uh showstar at the time hit me up was like hey you want to be a part of this uh deji and Alex Wasabi fight went out there and that was like it was crazy still to this day I think that was like the most fans I've ever been in front of wow um yeah sold out 15 16,000 people uh fans was like thrown like it was us versus the UK crazy so us all the US people were the hated on out there there fans were pulling us pulling our hair throwing [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] at us eggs like it was it was actually insane wow it was like a fight week so every single day we were getting tormented for a week straight damn and then as soon as the fight was over everybody like all right bro man love you big fan blah blah so everybody was cool you know yeah but um yeah man it was a movie and then uh I like I didn't get the the technical win even though I did win but you know that was their guy but um I still like got every body's respect cuz everybody really like they put me in there to get murdered wow like yeah I was going up against this like big ass juice head that's crazy yeah and they put me in there to get murdered they said that you were you you said that they were like not you were nonchalant the whole time oh yeah yeah they was they was um cuz all the announcers was just like Minon like this guy like he uh he's really going to figure out soon because I was just in the ring like bro like I really I know how to put on the ACT in front of the camera I know how to like bring out that other personality the goofy guy blah do all the voices and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] but me I really just be chilling like in no matter the situation [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] can bust in here with a gun right now yeah I'mma [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] try to like divert the situation but five minutes later like we out in the lobby and I'm going just back to normal like i' just be chilling right but um yeah so they were saying like oh yeah um he's too chill so he's trying to put on a show he's trying to be cocky and all this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and I'm just like all right whatever and then like after the match they saw okay that Minon and then fights go on and still announcers will still say it for my fight if it's their first time announcing me they're like this guy like um we don't understand if he's just like cocky not fa blah blah and just like bro and somebody else would be like no that's just micon's personality that's crazy bro you you are super humble man I Met You in Houston at the misfit 15 fight man and it was on the rooftop and I was like yo you were super approachable even now man we just got here on some random [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like saw you at the Jake Paul they like yo let's get you on the party like yeah let's do yeah bro like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I appreciate that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] short man amen to that man bro what so so talk to me about your next fight like August 31st yeah what's that what's what what's it like who you going up against what's the what's the moves man August 31st we're in Dublin Ireland I um I was going to try my best Irish accent I can't even think of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] my mcre right now yeah what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] but yeah so uh August 31st Dublin Ireland KSI 2V1 um him versus Anthony Taylor and slim um and me versus DTG so minom versus DTG um my first cruiserweight match uh my first time fighting at 190 my first time fighting an opponent that's the same weight as me um I'm about to wreck this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] let's go man what what like what what you like how much time have you been putting in like in the gym and honestly I was a replacement fight so um I literally just got in Camp last week quote unquote just got in Camp technically I'm still traveling so like I will really just get in Camp next week um but yeah I I literally just uh came back from I've been traveling Europe for the last month but for [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that don't know I don't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] stop working so every single time I was in Europe I mean every day I was in Europe I'm still training I'm going to different boxing gyms and shout out to um all the people that like helped me out on my uh in Barcelona helped me out in Amsterdam help me out in Germany and um I would have my girl I'm staying at my girl's house in Germany and she' drive me two hours every day to go train um to amsterdamn cuz we really take this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] serious damn so um yeah we're two hours there two hours back um but yeah so it's just like they gave me the call I think like three four weeks ago but um while I was on vacation but yeah that don't stop anybody who keep on working no you're going to work man it's all Misfits theone payview Misfits and theone yeah yo go get it man bro speaking of your relationships man that like how do you feel about like you know what I'm saying relationships you see like I see you outside with pretty women all the time how does that work you got to have a queen that ain't Faz like she's she's dope I I um I think that everybody needs somebody by them um I mean relationships aren't for every everybody but um if you do have a partner rather that be your best friend um anybody your mom's whatever but somebody needs you can't do everything in this world alone it's impossible to like we're not we're we're we're bred to be in this world with a partner so um yeah uh how I feel about relationships is just like I got my girl we are open um how does that work I got to ask that how does that work we are open okay no it's it's cool um so you so so all hold on hold up you can you can get into it yeah you so it's an open relationship meaning y'all together but y'all could be with other people not not necessarily okay so yeah explain this to me cuz I I I'm not going to get in too much detail but like I said you can ask whatever but how I enter is whatever right right um yeah yeah it's it's you know it's it's everybody's Free Will um it's basically like y'all dating no man I'm confused no we in a committed relationship um this is a girl that you know we working to um The Next Step um like I can put a baby in her like he like this is my girl so so y'all y'all serious yeah but you know if something happens that if somebody falls on my lap somebody else falls on my lap for that night and I don't in contact with them like that's just oh yeah that happened like you know like yeah or girls can flirt with me blah blah she can be out and guys can approach her and uh take her on dates or try to get her number blah blah blah and it's like I'm not going to trip about it I'm not going to get mad are you okay she falls in somebody else's lap see listen I got to ask dog this journalism dog okay okay okay I get it how you answer is whatever right I'm just saying and if people want to die they can try I get it I get I understand I understand but the thing is it's just like it's on a tip of like we have different things that are important to us you know so it's like what's important to her is um the emotional connection and um and like that's important to me too and then she knows like with me is like the physical part about [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like I'm I really don't give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] about the girls like I don't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I don't even know their names half the time you know it's like so it's I give two shits about you you know so um that's there for the night kind of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] right we live across the world from each other like she lives in Germany I live in um America so uh we only see each other here and there and yeah it's all love bro and I'm I yo I appreciate you even getting into into the personal relationship cuz I feel like it's important cuz a lot of people bro especially like you like you all over the place man like you as like I said I see you like literally people are like Hey man can I get your ban to get into the VIP type [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] no cap like so to see to see like that you can cuz bro I be seeing a lot of influencers I see a lot of celebrities bro they have to be by themselves yeah there is no other way you know and so to see like you said like the values hey look I believe that you know I feel the same way man when you find that person you know what I'm saying you just know you just know so I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with that yeah having a freaking teammate is amazing yo it's amazing like I mean I come from a team playing sport like I told you I played football all my life so it's just like you can't get a touchdown without the quarterback legit a quarterback can't get a touchdown without the receiver or the running back legit so um yeah man it's it's yeah I love it I love the team I love the game too though the JY still I still got a jersey on hey it is you you ever think you hang it up the game yeah yeah of course one day yeah you retire yeah but I mean everything that I do goes through her I literally tell my girl everything [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like every morning we uh get on the phone I'm talking to her I'm talking to like it's my best friend it's like oh yeah this happened that happened blah blah blah like I tell her everything every single detail um that's important bro yeah yeah because I feel like in a situation to where it's just like say like I'm dating a girl and um I do like end up cheating or I do like look at other girls and then it's just like okay I feel that guilt or I feel like I'm hiding some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like I feel like we won't be as close and we won't be like that friendship like I want to date my best friend at the end of the day so it's just like that's how I feel like me and her like we're best friends we actually do we we live in Germany or I live in uh America she lives in Germany but we see each other like every two weeks that's awesome yeah which is crazy I don't even know how it yeah y just make it yall make it work yeah we haven't we haven't been longer than two weeks without seeing each other and she's about to come see me in what 2 three days so y'all do have that connection where it's just not like it's not just on the phone type [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it's like hey look I got to go see you you got to go see me yeah when she's here sh she might like some girls where it's like yeah if it's a girl you can do whatever the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you want I don't give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] right guys are yeah there something else yeah I mean if they can fight me beat me up try take it do it do whatever you got to do buddy they got hope that never happens but if it do hey this man is try tested and prove try me please try me we'll we'll get to that you'll see the other side of minan yeah no no for sure God bless we God bless that guy bro I I got a question if you could give your younger self a piece of advice what would you tell your younger self um really don't hold on and overthink um to too much because life is too short uh I think that there was so many moments that I would just like one little thing would happen um rather like even even like just like this a little example but like say like a bad grade or something or like a Mis A Mis layup in a game and um I would just like hold like I would beat myself up hard about that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and then like even in practice or the next day in school I hold my head down and blah blah like but that's just a small example but like that goes into everything to where it's just like I I would always like dwell on like one little thing that happened to where it's just like um once you just let [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] go man it's like it's not that important like even if it's important to other people your life is your TV show this is your tunnel vision like this this is what um you have to like worry about this is what you have to wake up with right so it's just like Chann on your life stay on your channel and make sure that shit's good everything that happen in the past just let that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] go [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that's in the past like no cap and it's like you you got to keep on going and like even like with with me and the Misfits [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like I've I've had some losses to where it's just like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] are just like you don't care about this for to where it's just like you just move on and blah blah I'm just like bro [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like yeah damn I lost all Misfits [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I like but I accomplished all this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in life like damn man let me dwell on that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] no man I've done so much great [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in this world that it's like it's crazy and I still can't even believe some of the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that I've done that you want me to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] just be like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] man like hold on to this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] back here Fu no man we're we're bro we're out here we are outside like I'm I literally just like I'm here like even like here in this moment like bro we're we're getting interview like why the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] am I getting interviewed right now [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like it's like bro we're doing [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] doing [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'm saying like you just got to keep it moving man that's F bro that's F so my my next question is is kind of on the same tip it's like what advice would you give to somebody who's in the Creator space that that wants to wants to get to the next level yeah um [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] consistency that's the most um stereotypical answer or whatever generic answer yeah well that's the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that works anything I've um helped a lot of creators grow I've helped so like a lot of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] creators grow because I was that video guy I was a guy behind the scenes and even when I was in front of the scenes and really big or like even my like Peak I was still helping a lot of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] get there consistency is key that's like you post as much as possible but that doesn't mean you like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] dump a lot of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] no like you got to you got to uh figure out your formula and get on that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and you um you let your fans know when to expect you to because once the fans feel like they can um really once the fans feel like they know your life and they know you and they know what to expect and they know when it's coming it's like a TV show to them yeah that's exactly right there's like when's the next episode dropping exact you know what I'm saying they're tuning in every single time at that time y that's five bro yeah so that's that's literally it and I wish I could take my own advice sometimes but yeah sometimes it's hard right yeah but definitely yeah and we're in a streaming era right now so hop on streaming so like lives or stream like twitch kick all them [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] from yeah everything just like we said earlier this um the Creator space is so saturated right now that you have to set your part your self apart in some way and the way to set yourself apart right now is your own personality which which is streaming so um you have to make your fans and I don't give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] if it's two people watching every day or 200 people or two million um you have to make [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] feel like they actually know you they know what you're [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like they know how you piss they know how you kiss your girl they know like everybody's nosy like so it's just like even if you're putting on a character on your stream every day or just like this is what I'm going to show them this is how it's going to be you still have to um going to say brainwash brainwash them into being like okay I know exactly like uh what this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is doing I'm a part of them so when I see them in person I really feel like I know them like so it's just like cuz your community is your family yeah and you have to let them feel like they they are part of everything you're doing and that's why streaming so big right now and that's the advice that I wish I can take myself cuz I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hate streaming I'm like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] y'all ain't going to know what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'm doing 247 yeah I hear you though I I got on live all the time man and one time I had like 4,000 people 16,000 people at a wedding for my boy's wedding one time [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] was crazy yeah and it was dope it's just I felt like I had to do it all the time man and like you know sometimes that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] weighs on you dog you know and and that's that's the burden of being an influencer that's the burden of doing this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] man but you get to the point to where you get so successful that you don't have to to perform as much right so I Kai or Aiden Ross got to that point to where Kai still overperforms which is great he still has that fire but there's going to get to a point that Kai is going to get burned out and he's not going to overperform anymore but he's still going to have a consistent base of people because he already built that base Aiden Ross already burnt out and he takes that time to but people are like we need Aiden back like when's Aiden G to come back to next because he already did the groundwork to build that so there's always a point to where it's like once you are consistent and do that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and you have that TV show that airs constantly then there's a point to where like it can go away and then you can bring it back whenever come back that's fire bro bro I appreciate you man I appre this is actually our second interview No Cap No Cap they ain't going to know what that means but D I appreciate you being on the show bro what what is the main message for minikon what's the main message your main message like what's the main message that you could give to the viewers about you I'm trying to F there you have it y'all bro I appreciate you for being on the show bro can tell the people where they can find you bro uh you can find me at i minic i m i n i k n just put I in front of my name on every platform um some platforms my personal page is Malcolm Minon and yeah you figure out how to spell that that's it bro yo watch out for his fight man misf The Zone August 31st yes yes August 31st in Dublin Ireland um I've never been there so that's going to be crazy and yeah Ru for me is the first Cruis way and how I see it going is going to be me and Le'Veon Bell in the finals so three fights this year um yeah Minnie's rur cruiserweight Minnie let's go man appreciate hey hey that sounds like a familiar too that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] go viral yo bro thanks again for being on the show hey thank you for having me thank you bro yes sir we outside

  Top Comments:
  1. @iminikon [1 likes]: Waveeeeeee

- CHAPTER5 Networking in the Yacht World - Meet the right people: Kind: captions Language: en riding the wave mastering yacht interviews the yachting industry stands distinct not just because of its inherent luxury and charm but also due to its unique professional demands as such acing a yacht interview can be a bit different than conventional job interviews and preparing accordingly is crucial just like you wouldn't set sail without checking the weather you shouldn't dive into an interview without proper preparation this guide is here to ensure you ride the W with confidence and leave a lasting impression navigating different Waters common interview formats one face-to-face interviews this is the most traditional format and often preferred in the yachting industry as it allows for a more personal connection these can take place on the yacht at a yacht club or an office setting two over the phone while less personal phone interviews are not uncommon especially for preliminary discussions or when logistical challenges arise three video calls with technological advancements and the global nature of yachting video interviews via platforms like Zoom or Skype have become more prevalent they combine the convenience of phone interviews with the Personal Touch of face-to-face meetings charting the course typical interview questions and strategies to answer them one why are you interested in the yachting industry showcase genuine passion maybe it's the Allure of the Sea the intricacies of yachting operations or the chance to work with diverse clientele two what relevant experience do you bring to this position highlight experiences that showcase your technical abilities soft skills and adaptability don't just focus on tasks emphasize what you learned or how you added value three how do you handle challenging or high pressure situations narrate a real life instance where you faced a challenge how you addressed it and the outcome this not only provides proof of your problem solving skills but also demonstrates your ability to reflect and learn four have you ever had disagreements with crew members how did you handle it honesty is key if you did have disagreements describe them without casting blame focusing on the resolution and what you learned from the situation five what do you believe is the essence of excellent service on a luxury yacht dive into the intricacies of luxury service emphasizing attention to detail anticipating guest needs discretion and personalization six how do you stay updated with Maritime regulations safety protocols or any other relevant knowledge mention any courses you take forums or communities you're a part of or journals you read showcase a proactive approach to continuous learning anchoring the impression presenting oneself one dress code deck opt for smart casual attire a clean well-fitted polo shirt with chinos and deck shoes would be appropriate interior aim for a crisp professional look akin to what you'd wear serving guests a tailored dress or a shirt with slacks along with polished shoes works well Engineers while you don't need to be overly formal clean professional attire free of any grease or stains is essential two etiquette punctuality always arrive at least 10 minutes early it shows respect for the interviewer's time and showcases your reliability research familiarize yourself with the yacht or the company knowing specifics demonstrates genuine interest questions prepare some thoughtful questions about the role or the yacht this engagement can set you apart from other candidates three body language eye contact maintain steady eye contact it exudes confidence and attentiveness handshake a firm but not overpowering handshake can set a positive tone for the interview posture sit straight without appearing rigid it indicates attentiveness and professionalism Expressions while it's okay to be nervous remember to smile and engage age a warm demeanor can create a lasting positive impression the world of yachting while luxurious and enchanting demands Professionals of the highest caliber a yacht interview is not just about assessing skills but also about gauging fitment in a close-knit crew environment adaptability and commitment to Excellence by understanding the nuances of the interview process preparing diligently and presenting oneself appropriately aspirants can significantly increase their chances of charting a successful course in a glamorous world of yachting so set your compass prepare well and ride the wave to your dream yachting roll

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheSeaCV: Networking is a powerful tool for connecting. It can lead to jobs, potential business opportunities and having people who will support you.

- Musk’s Jet & Bezos’s Yacht: Zero Tax On $444M; How Billionaires Exploit Loopholes To Pay Less Tax: Kind: captions Language: en I have some examples here. Oil aist Phyllis Taylor rode off her own company's oil spill, the longest in American history, and paid zero federal income taxes on $444 million. Beanie Bababy's founder, Ty Warner, wrote off luxury hotel purchases and paid zero federal income taxes for 12 years. Tax day is coming up this week and this year nearly every Texan, nearly every American will pay more in federal taxes than they did last year. Unless you're a billionaire. We're here at a private jet hanger because these private jets behind me are just one of hundreds of loopholes that billionaires use to avoid paying taxes. And they're loopholes that the rest of us can't take advantage of. The system is rigged. Since 1955, tax rates on the ultra wealthy have plummeted. The average American pays about 14.5% of their income in federal income taxes. Now, the 400 wealthiest billionaires pay about half that. How is that possible? Well, over the last 50 years, millionaires have bankrolled political campaigns and then their puppet politicians turn around and rewrite the tax code to benefit them at our expense. Let's just take one example, business tax write-offs. This was a rule that was originally meant to help small business owners write off basic expenses like travel and office space, but now billionaires use it in ways that the rest of us can't. They buy luxury items like like yachts and private jets. They claim them as business expenses and they use it to lower their entire taxable income. I have some examples here. Oil aist Phyllis Taylor wrote off her own Bababy's founder Ty Warner wrote off federal income taxes for 12 years. Campbell Soup Aerys Charlotte Weber wrote off Kentucky Derby raceh horses and used those losses to drive down her total tax bill. Elon Musk's $78 million private jet, Jeff Bezos's $500 million mega yacht. All of that can be used to lower their entire taxable income. This is why billionaires buy politicians to rewrite the rules in their favor at our expense. But it does not have to be this way. We can close these billionaire tax loopholes. We can make billionaires pay their fair share so that we can cut our taxes. I today am proposing a plan to close these billionaire tax loopholes. We're going to ban using tax write offs for luxury items like private jets. We're going to close the carried interest loophole. We're going to end the buy, borrow, die loophole. We're going to crack down on offshore accounts. We're going to target billionaire tax cheats because this problem has only gotten worse. It got worse when our senator John Cornin passed the deciding vote on that big ugly bill which allows billionaires to permanently write off the entire cost of private jets. This is while working Texans, working Americans are barely making ends meet. People feel like they're drowning at the end of every month. And this tax day is adding insult to injury. So I am confident that if Texans come together in this election across all the lines of division in our politics, we can take back power for ourselves and we can limit the influence of billionaires in our politics. If we get the money out of our politics, we can put money in our pockets. And so maybe on the next tax day next year, working Texans can pay less than your average billionaire.

- How smart buyers maximize tax benefits on their yacht purchase: Kind: captions Language: en law is clear. Law is very clear. What's not clear&nbsp; sometimes is what people have been told about tax&nbsp;&nbsp; benefits and businesses and things like that. So&nbsp; I think 90% of my job besides sailing is education Welcome to the Current Yachts podcast. Today&nbsp; we're welcoming Patrick Wehrly. Patrick is&nbsp;&nbsp; the CEO and founder of the Wehrly Group. Welcome&nbsp; Patrick. Thank you. Thank you very much. Very nice&nbsp;&nbsp; to be here. The Wehrly Group is a maritime tax&nbsp; planning firm headquartered just outside Houston,&nbsp;&nbsp; founded by Patrick in 2005 and with now several&nbsp; offices throughout Texas. So with their extensive&nbsp;&nbsp; knowledge in taxes and financial planning&nbsp; various strategies. Patrick and his team are&nbsp;&nbsp; awesome resources to the customers that we talk to&nbsp; individuals families that want to include yachting&nbsp;&nbsp; in their lifestyle ideally the correct way and&nbsp; with a a focus on tax efficiency. And I I happen&nbsp;&nbsp; to know Patrick personally and he is an avid&nbsp; sailor. So this intertwines with our viewers&nbsp;&nbsp; perfectly and I'm happy to welcome Patrick to&nbsp; our show. Well, thank you. It's super nice to be&nbsp;&nbsp; here. I can say that my wife and I have owned&nbsp; 17 yachts in full-time charter and so I can&nbsp;&nbsp; tell you that we can discuss water makers in the&nbsp; morning. We could talk about solar panels in the&nbsp;&nbsp; afternoon. We can do propulsion, man-overboard,&nbsp; fire, whatever you'd like to talk about,&nbsp;&nbsp; we talk about, but more often we try to confine&nbsp; the conversation to the concerns and the myths,&nbsp;&nbsp; the misunderstandings on behalf of the next&nbsp; person that we're speaking to. Uh the law is&nbsp;&nbsp; clear. Uh the law is very clear. What's not clear&nbsp; benefits and businesses and things like that. So I&nbsp; think 90% of my job besides sailing is education.&nbsp;&nbsp; Yeah, and as we all know, boats can be a passion&nbsp; purchase. And it is very important when you're&nbsp;&nbsp; trying to blend passion with business that you&nbsp; are guided in the right way. And I can speak to&nbsp;&nbsp; multiple clients that I have referred to Patrick&nbsp; and his guidance has been invaluable to them. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; we're really happy that you're here to&nbsp; help us guide our our viewers along. Well,&nbsp;&nbsp; thank you again. This is a great platform. I'd&nbsp; rather talk to 100,000 people like this than&nbsp;&nbsp; talk to 100,000 people one person at a time and&nbsp; say exactly the same thing. Yeah, absolutely. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; let's start with the fundamentals. I know&nbsp; exactly what I say to clients when they're&nbsp;&nbsp; ready to purchase a boat. But let's ask the&nbsp; question, what is your first question that you&nbsp;&nbsp; ask to individuals that come to you for the blend&nbsp; of the tax planning with purchasing a vessel? So&nbsp;&nbsp; my my concerns are two. Number one, what have you&nbsp; been told? In other words, what do you believe?&nbsp;&nbsp; Let's start there. It's wrong. Not in an ugly or&nbsp; a well not in an arrogant way, but let's start&nbsp;&nbsp; with what's what's wrong. And number two, are you&nbsp; familiar with the charter industry? Have you have&nbsp;&nbsp; you chartered recently? I find that people just&nbsp; sold their business. I had a call this morning at&nbsp;&nbsp; 'dark 30 from a young lady that sold her business&nbsp; back in February and she decided this morning&nbsp;&nbsp; that she wants to buy a boat. She's never been on&nbsp; one, but she decided she wants to buy a boat. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; that always worries me because again, they really&nbsp; kind of don't know what they're getting into. I'll&nbsp;&nbsp; have a client occasionally call me up and say,&nbsp; "Hey, we've decided to buy an RV." And I say, "No,&nbsp;&nbsp; not going to happen. I'm not going to give you the&nbsp; money. Here's what you can do. You can rent one&nbsp;&nbsp; four times. Bring me the receipts. Show me that&nbsp; you've rented one, and we'll talk." So again,&nbsp;&nbsp; I I'm not in the business of turning people away&nbsp; if that that's not good for us or for anybody, but&nbsp;&nbsp; I need to know what have you been told, who told&nbsp; it to you, and again, what's your experience? And&nbsp;&nbsp; I'd say 90% of the time we get people that say,&nbsp; "Wow, I've been doing this for years, but now I'm&nbsp;&nbsp; retired. Wow, I've been chartering for years. I've&nbsp; been in Croatia. I've been in Corfu. You know,&nbsp;&nbsp; I've been in the BVI, and now it's time to buy a&nbsp; boat." We know what we're doing. We know what we&nbsp;&nbsp; want. and we understand that much of what we've&nbsp; been told is not true and that's why we're on the&nbsp;&nbsp; phone with a a maritime tax expert. So Patrick,&nbsp; can you speak to one example of something you hear&nbsp;&nbsp; a lot that is just not true or never true? Well,&nbsp; so let's talk about one thing that's patently not&nbsp;&nbsp; true and then let's take one thing that I think is&nbsp; just bad information. What's not true is generally&nbsp;&nbsp; the income projections uh that that we see around&nbsp; town, they are not good. Let me just say it that&nbsp;&nbsp; way. They're comical. They appear to inflate the&nbsp; amount of money that's going to come in and then&nbsp;&nbsp; they deflate the amount of expense that a modern&nbsp; yacht I mean I have a 53 power cat and I'm telling&nbsp;&nbsp; you that I'm looking around for the spark plug and&nbsp; I have this mass amount of machines that convert&nbsp;&nbsp; DC power into AC power. I I don't know anything&nbsp; about that. You know, I'm a captain. So again,&nbsp;&nbsp; there's a lot of maintenance that I&nbsp; think is downplayed. There's a lot of&nbsp;&nbsp; issues in terms of income that is overplayed. The&nbsp; card then that is a mistake is section 179. All of&nbsp;&nbsp; the people I'd say 90% present company accepted.&nbsp; Present company accepted, of people say, "Well,&nbsp;&nbsp; we're going to use 179." And you're not going to&nbsp; use 179 and you can't use 179 because 179 has a&nbsp;&nbsp; number of limitations that are not going to make&nbsp; it work for yachts or jets. It's just not there's&nbsp;&nbsp; there's we can do it but we can't use 179. So I&nbsp; think those are two examples of people getting bad&nbsp;&nbsp; information perhaps purposefully and then getting&nbsp; bad information or perhaps accidentally. Sure. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; let's let's talk on that then. If they're&nbsp; not using section 179, are they then using&nbsp;&nbsp; a bonus depreciation? They are because again,&nbsp; what's great, Mr. Trump, love him or hate him,&nbsp;&nbsp; and people do, both sides, was very clever about&nbsp; making sure that there was no limitations. In&nbsp;&nbsp; other words, and sometimes when I'm arguing, I was&nbsp; arguing with a lawyer the other day. By the way,&nbsp;&nbsp; that argument went very well because not only did&nbsp; he suggest that his client go through with the&nbsp;&nbsp; boat purchase, he called me back and he's buying&nbsp; a monohal. And you can't imagine how negative he&nbsp;&nbsp; was. And the reason he was negative is in the old&nbsp; days, depreciation only applied to certain forms&nbsp;&nbsp; of income. For instance, now it doesn't. uh if you&nbsp; bought a boat in January compared to buying a boat&nbsp;&nbsp; in December, it made a big difference. It doesn't&nbsp; anymore. So once again, you know, I'm People&nbsp;&nbsp; are pulling their accountants, pulling their&nbsp; attorneys and pulling their financial advisors&nbsp;&nbsp; into the conversation and they're saying, "Well,&nbsp; you know, doesn't it work this way?" I said,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Yes, it does work that way 25 years ago or 15&nbsp; years ago, but it doesn't now because of Trump&nbsp;&nbsp; sponsored bonus depreciation." And so all the&nbsp; limitations, that's a great point, Amanda. All&nbsp;&nbsp; the limitations that we struggled with that 179&nbsp; still has, we don't have any of those limitations.&nbsp;&nbsp; We've had people that buy bought a boat used,&nbsp; which you couldn't do, closed on the 29th,&nbsp;&nbsp; uh, which at the very last day of the year, and we&nbsp; were still able to affect the bonus depreciation&nbsp;&nbsp; in our preparation of the entity return. That's&nbsp; amazing and hard to believe uh for some people who&nbsp;&nbsp; know or knew how things used to work. Before we&nbsp; dive in a little bit deeper into the business use&nbsp;&nbsp; and the tax strategies that revolve around, you&nbsp; know, putting a boat into a charter program, which&nbsp;&nbsp; is what we've been referring to, at least deriving&nbsp; some income from a boat being part of a commercial&nbsp;&nbsp; activity. Can you speak for a second about the&nbsp; financing considerations that your clients come&nbsp;&nbsp; to you for? because it's obvious in some I would&nbsp; say it's obvious. You tell us if it's obvious.&nbsp;&nbsp; Can you tell if your client is a better candidate&nbsp; to purchase cash or to finance the yacht? What is&nbsp;&nbsp; your general take on this matter of financing&nbsp; a yacht? So, that's a great question because&nbsp;&nbsp; if it's I'm I'm an old real estate guy and I'm an&nbsp; old guy anyways and um in the real estate world,&nbsp;&nbsp; we always had a saying that said if there's no&nbsp; loan, there's no deal. I mean, you can they can&nbsp;&nbsp; want this house more than anything. They can want&nbsp; this yacht more than anything. If there's no loan,&nbsp;&nbsp; there's no deal. So, yes, I am licensed and&nbsp; qualified uh with a number of designations that&nbsp;&nbsp; I hold uh to comment on that. However, I will&nbsp; say this, I try to stay in my lane. My lane is&nbsp;&nbsp; being a tax expert, proper construction, proper&nbsp; tax preparation, proper and accurate advice and&nbsp;&nbsp; counsel. I'm I'm really good at that. I not being&nbsp; arrogant. I've just been doing this for 40 years.&nbsp;&nbsp; Pretty good at it. So, I try to stay in my lane.&nbsp; If somebody asks me a question, for instance,&nbsp;&nbsp; I had a gentleman the other day, real nice guy,&nbsp; and he said, "Patrick, which do you like better,&nbsp;&nbsp; the a Lagoon or Robertson and Caine?" And I&nbsp; said, "Sir, first of all, please know that I&nbsp;&nbsp; can answer that question. I I but I'm not going&nbsp; to because that's not what you need me for.&nbsp;&nbsp; You're not going to retain my firm to talk about&nbsp; the differences between charter yachts. They're&nbsp;&nbsp; both fabulous yachts, by the way. I've owned both&nbsp; of them many, many times. But what you that's not&nbsp;&nbsp; what you need me for. So, if somebody says, "Hey,&nbsp; this is we have a finance question." Um, and we&nbsp;&nbsp; have a lot of wonderful people, wonderful, very&nbsp; qualified, very honest mortgage brokers that we&nbsp;&nbsp; work with that we have a a relationship with. not&nbsp; a financial relationship, but a relationship where&nbsp;&nbsp; they feel comfortable sending people our way. And&nbsp; so if they're intent on getting a loan and and&nbsp;&nbsp; that's probably going to be something that's going&nbsp; to make more sense. And here's why. In my world,&nbsp;&nbsp; in the tax world, we have what's called arbitrage.&nbsp; So arbitrage just means there's two points here.&nbsp;&nbsp; Point number one is if I'm going to borrow&nbsp; money at 7%, which is income tax deductible,&nbsp;&nbsp; okay? I mean, remember, you got somebody&nbsp; buying a million dollar plus yacht, by the way,&nbsp;&nbsp; in a foreign country. So, think about that. These&nbsp; are pretty wealthy people. They normally have a&nbsp;&nbsp; very significant adjusted gross income, AGI.&nbsp; So, that 7% is tax deductible. So, the actual,&nbsp;&nbsp; and I won't get too mathematical here, that that&nbsp; might be able to save them a little money. Well,&nbsp;&nbsp; what if their stock broker is earning 12% or&nbsp; 13% in the stock market? Well, but if I can make&nbsp;&nbsp; 13% and I can pay out seven and the seven is tax&nbsp; deductible. See, I'm I'm I'm starting to like the&nbsp;&nbsp; way that that sounds. So, again, uh that's that's&nbsp; kind of an important point. The next important&nbsp;&nbsp; point is that when people identify to me, I didn't&nbsp; bring it up, but they say we're going to pay cash&nbsp;&nbsp; for the boat and we're going to get the money from&nbsp; our IR. All the hair on the back of my neck stands&nbsp;&nbsp; straight up, which has actually be a little bit&nbsp; of an issue these last couple days. Uh because&nbsp;&nbsp; the taxes that they're going to pay, there's no&nbsp; way they can repair that damage. There's just&nbsp;&nbsp; not. And many of them don't understand that. Maybe&nbsp; they're managing their own money and that's fine,&nbsp;&nbsp; but and maybe they're having their taxes&nbsp; done by a lady that sells, you know, cookies&nbsp;&nbsp; during the day and then does taxes at night or&nbsp; something. Nothing wrong with selling cookies,&nbsp;&nbsp; by the way. But what I'm saying is they may not be&nbsp; working with a professional firm, especially not&nbsp;&nbsp; a maritime firm. So, when we start looking at the&nbsp; damage, I had a lady the other day and she said,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Well, I need 750 cash. I could not make this up.&nbsp; we were going to have to take out a million1 in c&nbsp;&nbsp; out of her IRA in order so for her to net 750.&nbsp; I said, "Honey, you can borrow 750, you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; from any of these great maritime lenders and your&nbsp; payments are very little a month. In fact, the&nbsp;&nbsp; million one will create dividends that would pay&nbsp; the payments, never mind the charter income." So&nbsp;&nbsp; again, I try to stay in my lane, but if somebody&nbsp; asks me a question and I see harm or I see damage,&nbsp;&nbsp; sure, coming to or I see a misunderstanding,&nbsp; then we're as a fiduciary, we hold ourselves&nbsp;&nbsp; to a fiduciary standard. We're going to jump right&nbsp; in the middle of that and make sure, hey, whatever&nbsp;&nbsp; you do, we're going to be friends, but you might&nbsp; not want to do this. And for some of your clients,&nbsp;&nbsp; uh, you may have in the past or maybe you are now,&nbsp; uh, recommending that they do their own, I guess,&nbsp;&nbsp; self- financed against their portfolio where&nbsp; eligible. Correct. So, they could do their own&nbsp;&nbsp; lending against their portfolio. Can you explain&nbsp; this a little bit? Yes, I can. And once again,&nbsp;&nbsp; there's somebody whose name I won't mention, but I&nbsp; very much dislike him and he attends the shows. In&nbsp;&nbsp; fact, I passed by him the other day in Annapolis&nbsp; and he was lying to somebody, telling them&nbsp;&nbsp; that if the vessel was owned by an LLC, it was&nbsp; automatically automatically a business, which is&nbsp;&nbsp; is of course not true. Of course, there's 10 boxes&nbsp; that you have to check off. That's one of them,&nbsp;&nbsp; but what about the other nine? By the way, that&nbsp; gentleman circled back and saw me later um caught&nbsp;&nbsp; me in another booth and um he said, "I thought&nbsp; that was odd." I said, "Sir, the word automatic&nbsp;&nbsp; auto does not appear in the IRS world. There's no&nbsp; automatic anything. There's things you have to do.&nbsp;&nbsp; There's protocols. There's documents that have to&nbsp; be completed. They have to be signed and dated and&nbsp;&nbsp; contemporaneous and and so forth and things like&nbsp; that. So again, um that being the case, we kind of&nbsp;&nbsp; suffer along with people kind of again like you'd&nbsp; asked a few moments ago, the primary issue is what&nbsp;&nbsp; have you been told? Let's start there because most&nbsp; of it uh is likely wrong. So let's speak to that.&nbsp;&nbsp; What are some of the documentation requirements?&nbsp; Uh what records do boat owners that have boats in&nbsp;&nbsp; a charter business need to prove this business&nbsp; use? So, great question. And nobody ever asks&nbsp;&nbsp; that. They just say, "Well, again, just buy it,&nbsp; you know, in an LLC and and you're good." Well,&nbsp;&nbsp; and by the way, I'm sorry having said that,&nbsp; Maryline, please excuse me. I didn't complete&nbsp;&nbsp; the collateral conversation. So, this particular&nbsp; gentleman recommends that you put up your stock&nbsp;&nbsp; portfolio and you borrow money against the&nbsp; portfolio. So, again, that everybody does that.&nbsp;&nbsp; Not him. Everybody can do that. But there's a&nbsp; good way to do it and there's a bad way to do it.&nbsp;&nbsp; There's a way where there's massive commissions&nbsp; and fees that are paid to somebody and there's&nbsp;&nbsp; a way where there's no commission and no fee. So&nbsp; again, not against commissions, not against fees,&nbsp;&nbsp; but again, the information that we have determined&nbsp; is being given out in my opinion is improper. Uh&nbsp;&nbsp; so I sorry, just wanted to say that. Now a very&nbsp; good question, Amanda, as always. Number one,&nbsp;&nbsp; you need an effective business plan. You have to&nbsp; have something to compare your original thought.&nbsp;&nbsp; Six months later, let me give you a great example.&nbsp; When I put my 53, I put a crew on my 53 power cat&nbsp;&nbsp; and I parked her over in the USVI, United States&nbsp; Virgin Islands, and I had a business plan. Of&nbsp;&nbsp; course, I did. Well, six months later, I looked at&nbsp; the business plan and I compared it to my original&nbsp;&nbsp; projections and I I was I was not making the money&nbsp; I was supposed to make. So, I added diving. I&nbsp;&nbsp; bought some dive tanks and I bought a compressor&nbsp; and and I started advertising different ways and&nbsp;&nbsp; you get and so and suddenly the revenue came&nbsp; up. So, one of the documents that we provide&nbsp;&nbsp; our clients is a 35page business plan that's&nbsp; updated every 6 months. And that's ju just common&nbsp;&nbsp; sense. There's another document that we call a&nbsp; checklist. Whenever you set foot on your yacht,&nbsp;&nbsp; then you need to think, hey, has the oil been&nbsp; changed? What's going on with the diesel filters?&nbsp;&nbsp; Band tightness maybe on the the belt on the gen.&nbsp; Uh especially water maker filters, you know, all&nbsp;&nbsp; those kinds of things. So we don't a lot of our&nbsp; clients are pilots and so we don't leave that to&nbsp;&nbsp; chance. We have a checklist and you check it off&nbsp; and then at the end of the the meeting you have&nbsp;&nbsp; the gentleman that you've been working with sign&nbsp; that document and then we can take that document&nbsp;&nbsp; to the IRS and say hey this wasn't a vacation.&nbsp; This was a maintenance truck and this proves&nbsp;&nbsp; his active participation in the actual uh charter&nbsp; business and the odd everyday work. It does. Real&nbsp;&nbsp; quick funny story, my favorite story about that.&nbsp; I was retained by a large very large firm up in&nbsp;&nbsp; San Francisco some time back. This gentleman had&nbsp; a massive crude yacht and the IRS said, "Well,&nbsp;&nbsp; you're not managing it. The crew is managing&nbsp; it." So they hired us to step in and I looked&nbsp;&nbsp; over all the documentation. So I got the lady on&nbsp; the phone. She was very difficult and she said,&nbsp;&nbsp; "What are you going to tell me, Mr. Wehrly,&nbsp; that's going to change my mind from a fact&nbsp;&nbsp; that this crew does everything? So there is no&nbsp; material participation here." I said, "Ma'am,&nbsp;&nbsp; we can agree that the crew is managing the yacht."&nbsp; She said, "Yes, that's that's what I'm saying." I&nbsp;&nbsp; said, 'Who's managing the crew? Mostly alcoholics,&nbsp; by the way. Sorry, but uh I'll let that go uh in&nbsp;&nbsp; this particular case. And so again, material&nbsp; participation. Yes, Amanda, to your good point&nbsp;&nbsp; that Yes. If you're on the boat and you're looking&nbsp; at oil filters, you're looking at, you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; the amount of oil that's in the transmission, you&nbsp; Exactly. Now you're materially participating. And&nbsp;&nbsp; again, whether it's GI, gross income or what&nbsp; we call guaranteed income, whatever, as long as&nbsp;&nbsp; you're managing the managers that are supposed to&nbsp; be managing, then you're materially participating.&nbsp;&nbsp; By the way, your travel back and forth obviously&nbsp; included time on the vessel, of course, again that&nbsp;&nbsp; also included. So the target, the target that the&nbsp; IRS, not us, not Patrick, but the target that the&nbsp;&nbsp; IRS has established is something then that's&nbsp; part of that documentation. So business plan&nbsp;&nbsp; updated every 6 months, calendaring your hours,&nbsp; um an LLC that has a an operating agreement&nbsp;&nbsp; that is specific to chartering. You can't just&nbsp; have this two three-page legal Zoom, you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; thing. It's got to be something that says, "Hey,&nbsp; this is how we're going to make money. This is,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, how how we're planning to be profitable&nbsp; and to stay profitable and so forth." So,&nbsp;&nbsp; on top of that, uh, good books and records.&nbsp; Uh, our company, our firm, unfortunately,&nbsp;&nbsp; several years ago had to agree to start doing&nbsp; bookkeeping, something I didn't want to do. Uh,&nbsp;&nbsp; there's no money in that. It's it's time consuming&nbsp; but we're doing it because we found that doctors&nbsp;&nbsp; and lawyers and architects and people with a&nbsp; lot of money were not able sometimes to create&nbsp;&nbsp; very good uh books and records. Again the yacht&nbsp; being available for service that's very important&nbsp;&nbsp; documenting the fact that she was available. We&nbsp; have a big 80 footer coming over right now from&nbsp;&nbsp; Poland. Beautiful big Seareef, Sunreef excuse me.&nbsp; And - very nice boat - hoping to go out on her and&nbsp;&nbsp; um again she is going to arrive in such a point&nbsp; that she's available for charter we're advertising&nbsp;&nbsp; say we the owner is advert... and his captains&nbsp; are advertising her for charter this year but&nbsp;&nbsp; she might not be available for a couple months&nbsp; because there'll be little niggles and little&nbsp;&nbsp; things that you know fall apart and and create&nbsp; you know work and things like that on her way over&nbsp;&nbsp; uh from Poland so again the inservice date is&nbsp; another kind of important part of that. So if&nbsp;&nbsp; it's a checklist or it's a business plan or it's&nbsp; something that we think is is important, we supply&nbsp;&nbsp; that. We our firm supplies that to make sure that&nbsp; it's done correctly. All the tees are crossed,&nbsp;&nbsp; all the eyes are dotted. I was finishing up a tax&nbsp; return for one of our new clients the other day&nbsp;&nbsp; and I said, "Hey, I need a copy of your 100-hour&nbsp; rule." And she said, "Well, don't worry about it.&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm telling you that I did that." I said, "I'm&nbsp; worried." Goes, "No, I already told you. Don't&nbsp;&nbsp; be worried about that. I I did that." I said,&nbsp; "Sweetheart, you're going to sign the return."&nbsp;&nbsp; And she said, "Yes, I am. I know that." I said,&nbsp; "So am I." Mhm. Right. And she said, "Well,&nbsp;&nbsp; I never I didn't think that through." She said,&nbsp; "You'll have it in the morning." And of course,&nbsp;&nbsp; obviously, we we received it and we were able to&nbsp; complete the return. So Amanda, to your question,&nbsp;&nbsp; there's a lot of little things that need to be&nbsp; done and documented. They're not complicated.&nbsp;&nbsp; They're not hard. I mean, but they have to be&nbsp; done. And uh you described uh I think makes sense,&nbsp;&nbsp; Patrick, to a lot of these uh discerning buyers&nbsp; and and owners need to facilitate the elements&nbsp;&nbsp; that come into play when it comes to the active&nbsp; business. So having you facilitate or support what&nbsp;&nbsp; they need to ensure that they're not overlooking&nbsp; any item of that checklist is is critical. So&nbsp;&nbsp; thank you. Thank you for explaining that. I had&nbsp; another question that comes up a lot when we talk&nbsp;&nbsp; to Boers that are looking to, you know, be clever&nbsp; when they buy a boat. And uh the it's the question&nbsp;&nbsp; of entertainment on the boat. Uh can you speak&nbsp; to that a little bit? Do you have clients who&nbsp;&nbsp; don't really want to charter the boat because&nbsp; you know wear and tear? OMG, right? I don't&nbsp;&nbsp; want anybody to to damage my boat or or anybody to&nbsp; really just use my boat. But if your only intent&nbsp;&nbsp; is to use the boat as a platform to support your&nbsp; business operations, how do you speak to that? So,&nbsp;&nbsp; I have good news, good news. Let me think about&nbsp; this. Good news, good news, and good news. Okay,&nbsp;&nbsp; so we just I'm sorry. I was trying to work some&nbsp; bad news in there somewhere. There just isn't any.&nbsp;&nbsp; There aren't any. Great. Let's hear it. So, let me&nbsp; back up. So about 20 years ago, the IRS became uh&nbsp;&nbsp; aggravated that people were spending, I could not&nbsp; make this up, $100,000 on box seats at a football&nbsp;&nbsp; game. And they their clients can eat and drink&nbsp; and there's some gal walking around, you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; serving drinks and everything, but the seat next&nbsp; door to that box was only $200 for the game. Well,&nbsp;&nbsp; these people were writing off $100, $200,000&nbsp; and the IRS said, "No, no, no, no. Listen,&nbsp;&nbsp; here's the new deal. Entertainment is strictly&nbsp; limited and restricted because you can't pretend&nbsp;&nbsp; that you've got a seat here that's $200,000 a tax&nbsp; deduction for your client. And the seat 15 ft away&nbsp;&nbsp; is $100,000. We're not going to go for that.&nbsp; If you want to spend the money on your client,&nbsp;&nbsp; please do. You just can't deduct it. So, we kind&nbsp; of carry we kind of carry that entertainment thing&nbsp;&nbsp; into the yachting world. Again, good news on the&nbsp; document that we use to prepare the tax return.&nbsp;&nbsp; The tax return itself is called a 1065. The 1065&nbsp; does not have a box that says this amount of this&nbsp;&nbsp; percentage of income was from entertainment and&nbsp; this percentage of income was from crew charter&nbsp;&nbsp; and this percentage of income was from snorkel. It&nbsp; doesn't have a what it has is two it's real simple&nbsp;&nbsp; two lines. This is how much money came in and this&nbsp; is how much money went out. That's all it says. It&nbsp;&nbsp; doesn't ask of the flag of the of of the boat. It&nbsp; doesn't ask when the boat was delivered. It does.&nbsp;&nbsp; It may ask when the business began, but that's&nbsp; obvious generally a very different day. You know,&nbsp;&nbsp; a lot of people will set up an LLC early in&nbsp; the year in anticipation of attending Miami,&nbsp;&nbsp; the Miami show and or the Annapolis show or FLIBS,&nbsp; I'm sorry, the Fort Lauderdale International Yacht&nbsp;&nbsp; Show. Or, boat show. So that being the case, if&nbsp; the the if the entertainment is fair market value,&nbsp;&nbsp; I can tell you that our firm defends a lot of&nbsp; audits, not our clients, but a lot of people&nbsp;&nbsp; end up on my doorstep and they're in trouble and&nbsp; they should be in trouble. They just have not done&nbsp;&nbsp; a good job. They don't have a business plan. And&nbsp; they're not keeping I mean they're just not doing&nbsp;&nbsp; anything except taking the boat out all day every&nbsp; day and spending a lot of money on diesel. I just&nbsp;&nbsp; inherited a situation out of Destin the other day&nbsp; that's a disaster on every level. So that being&nbsp;&nbsp; the case um trying to find some middle ground with&nbsp; some of these people and what that looks like.&nbsp;&nbsp; They we if if the boat should go out for about&nbsp; 1,500 a day and you are and and the corporation&nbsp;&nbsp; A is leasing the vessel from corporation B LLC&nbsp; in this case and it's FMV it's fair market value&nbsp;&nbsp; then that's fine. My professional opinion is that&nbsp; income should be augmented with additional sources&nbsp;&nbsp; of revenue. Let me give you an example. I had&nbsp; a boat in a guaranteed income program for many&nbsp;&nbsp; years. Whenever she was a five cabin, whenever I&nbsp; would go out on her, I would invite friends and&nbsp;&nbsp; relatives and high net worth business clients to&nbsp; come out with me. Of course, I did. And I would&nbsp;&nbsp; always clip them, you know, for $2,000 because&nbsp; they're they're saying, "Hey, Patrick, we want&nbsp;&nbsp; to kick in." Wow. Thank you for inviting me on&nbsp; your boat and um we want to contribute. You know,&nbsp;&nbsp; we want to kick in. Had a guy our last trip wrote&nbsp; me a check for $10,000 and said just give me back&nbsp;&nbsp; whatever you don't use. So, um that being the&nbsp; case, I declared that income. I I declared it.&nbsp;&nbsp; It was fare. F-A-R-E. I declared it. I deposited&nbsp; that money in my business checking account.&nbsp;&nbsp; And guess what I did with the money? I paid my&nbsp; mortgage down. I made a big principal reduction&nbsp;&nbsp; payments. So, at the end of the five-year term,&nbsp; I would have a larger equity in my boat. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; I could step up or or step down or or or whatever.&nbsp; So, again, entertainment, if somebody has never&nbsp;&nbsp; asked me, I'm telling you right now, Patrick,&nbsp; I'm never going to charter her. It's only going&nbsp;&nbsp; to be only going to be entertainment income. I I&nbsp; would want to have a personal conversation with&nbsp;&nbsp; him or her about what that would look like. But&nbsp; certainly that's permissible because again on&nbsp;&nbsp; the top line it's going to be, you know, $300,000&nbsp; that came in. Maybe the bottom line's going to be&nbsp;&nbsp; $200,000 went out. We're going to have a nice&nbsp; profit and the IRS is going to be happy. We're&nbsp;&nbsp; going to be happy and everybody can feel good. So Patrick, let's talk about some creative&nbsp;&nbsp; strategies and um I know we've touched a little&nbsp; on financing, but beyond the basics, what are some&nbsp;&nbsp; sophisticated strategies that have helped your&nbsp; clients implement boat ownership? So recently,&nbsp;&nbsp; we had a gentleman that goofed off and goofed&nbsp; off and goofed off and unfortunately did not&nbsp;&nbsp; make arrangements to start looking to buy a boat&nbsp; until it was too late. There was no inventory.&nbsp;&nbsp; So we he was had already sold his business and so&nbsp; he said, "You need to fix this." What time of year&nbsp;&nbsp; was this, Patrick? Um... he contacted us about a&nbsp; month ago. So it was maybe uh early September-ish,&nbsp;&nbsp; something like that. And he had sold his business&nbsp; and closed in February. So he knew that he was&nbsp;&nbsp; going to have to do something in terms of using&nbsp; bonus depreciation as an offset. And again, bonus&nbsp;&nbsp; depreciation is somewhat complicated. you don't&nbsp; just use it like a get out of jail free card,&nbsp;&nbsp; but certainly it was available for him at&nbsp; the time. So, long story short, he ended up&nbsp;&nbsp; buying a boat that he doesn't like and doesn't&nbsp; want from a particular dealer in South Florida&nbsp;&nbsp; in order to to secure the bonus depreciation. Then&nbsp; we have already made a contract with the dealer to&nbsp;&nbsp; buy the boat back, the one that he doesn't want&nbsp; and doesn't like in September. And then his boat&nbsp;&nbsp; will arrive in October and we're going to have to&nbsp; that's don't try this at home. It's fairly fairly&nbsp;&nbsp; complicated. We're going to have to obviously&nbsp; have the adjudication of the sale and then of&nbsp;&nbsp; course the purchase is going to have to cover&nbsp; the blah blah blah. But anyways, we we made&nbsp;&nbsp; that happen. Um we had another gentleman that had&nbsp; bought a boat with several of his children and uh&nbsp;&nbsp; the children turned out to be kind of a bummer&nbsp; and um we had to extricate him from that but&nbsp;&nbsp; do it in such a way that it wouldn't disturb the&nbsp; depreciation that was already in place. Uh we've&nbsp;&nbsp; had a number of people during the years that have&nbsp; purchased boats with cash later realize that it&nbsp;&nbsp; was a mistake and so they had to refinance the&nbsp; vessel complicated because of course the boat's&nbsp;&nbsp; owned by an LLC obviously not owned by them. Uh&nbsp; we've also had gentlemen people that purchased a&nbsp;&nbsp; boat where they bought three at the same time and&nbsp; they put them all three in the same LLC. Well,&nbsp;&nbsp; that that's a little Yeah, we heard you're not&nbsp; supposed to do that. But again, we rely on experts&nbsp;&nbsp; like you. You are not supposed by the way, the&nbsp; gentleman that made that mistake, he said I said,&nbsp;&nbsp; "How did you make this mistake? You're a smart&nbsp; guy." I said, "Why what did your your maritime&nbsp;&nbsp; per what did your CPA tell you?" He said, "Well,&nbsp; I didn't I didn't talk to him because I knew he&nbsp;&nbsp; would say no." So, anyways, um so we so we try to&nbsp; be creative. Again, we try to stay in our lane.&nbsp;&nbsp; We we really do. We love our lane. It we we know&nbsp; everything in our lane, but there are people will&nbsp;&nbsp; call us on fractional ownership, for instance,&nbsp; and say, "Hey, I'm going to buy one6th of a boat."&nbsp;&nbsp; That has not worked well because the other five&nbsp; people unwittingly are partners of his in in the&nbsp;&nbsp; tax benefits. I had one the other day where his&nbsp; partner lives... he's Italian, lives in Italy,&nbsp;&nbsp; and it's not going to work because he's an Italian&nbsp; citizen. Other people try to lease a boat and&nbsp;&nbsp; I had a a guy that was just angry at me saying,&nbsp; "Well, I'm telling you the broker said this will&nbsp;&nbsp; work." And I said, 'Well, then call the broker&nbsp; back and ask him if he's going to prepare the tax&nbsp;&nbsp; return because I'm not going to prepare it because&nbsp; it won't work. So, anyways, uh again, fractional&nbsp;&nbsp; lease. Um marine mortgages, we love loans. We love&nbsp; mortgages. They're the coolest thing in the world.&nbsp;&nbsp; Um you've got this income coming in from your&nbsp; profitable your profitable business enterprise.&nbsp;&nbsp; You're making your payments. The interest is&nbsp; deductible. Come on, it's the coolest thing in&nbsp;&nbsp; the world. your million dollars is sitting over at&nbsp; ABC somewhere going up in value, dividend income,&nbsp;&nbsp; Nvidia, Home Depot, you know, whatever, whatever.&nbsp; And so, we're big fans of that and ownership&nbsp;&nbsp; there. Occasionally, we'll run into an issue. We&nbsp; had uh five pilots uh not long ago that all got&nbsp;&nbsp; together and bought a 67, an FP67, nice boat, very&nbsp; nice boat. Sled. We call them sleds. And that was&nbsp;&nbsp; somewhat complicated because um it wasn't going&nbsp; to be even-Steven. Some of the people were going&nbsp;&nbsp; to have a 10% interest and some of the people were&nbsp; going to have a 30% interest and and those kinds&nbsp;&nbsp; of things. So again, we made all that work. We we&nbsp; got everybody together and we got it all down in&nbsp;&nbsp; writing and we got some attorneys involved umthat&nbsp; very well known to Amanda and, we got it all done.&nbsp;&nbsp; It's all legal beagle. We closed. Everybody&nbsp; gets their percentage of the depreciation and&nbsp;&nbsp; um so again um we run into people that are what we&nbsp; call non-ordinary from time to time and uh we've&nbsp;&nbsp; done our best over the many years to be creative&nbsp; legal accurate accurate but creative and un and&nbsp;&nbsp; open-minded on what what that may look like. I had&nbsp; a gentleman that's dating a young lady the other&nbsp;&nbsp; day and he said, "I don't want to put her on as a&nbsp; member 'cause I we're not married." Well, anyways,&nbsp;&nbsp; we ended up talking to him and her and I put my&nbsp; marriage cap on, my my marriage hat, and um we&nbsp;&nbsp; got that figured out and uh we created a buyback&nbsp; provision where if something happened, he was&nbsp;&nbsp; able to buy her interest out at a predetermined&nbsp; amount of money. She didn't resent that. He felt&nbsp;&nbsp; comfortable with that. Obviously, our attorney&nbsp; stepped in and handled all the paperwork,&nbsp;&nbsp; legal beagle, and they got the boat and they're&nbsp; probably sailing around right now in bathing suits&nbsp;&nbsp; uh with a cold beer in their hand would would be&nbsp; my guess. That's terrific. I had um a follow-up&nbsp;&nbsp; question to that, um Patrick, and the question&nbsp; is, do you approach your your your counseling,&nbsp;&nbsp; your advising differently depending on the&nbsp; price of the asset? So, let's say the price&nbsp;&nbsp; of the boat. When somebody's looking to buy&nbsp; a boat, whether used or new, and let's say&nbsp;&nbsp; it's a $250,000 boat or a $3 million boat, does&nbsp; anything change? Does it actually matter? So, yes,&nbsp;&nbsp; it does. And here here for me, and I do the same&nbsp; thing the IRS does. I do the same thing because&nbsp;&nbsp; that's what the IRS does. So, so here's a quad. I&nbsp; had a gentleman some time back that said, "Well,&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm going to make a profit of a dollar this year."&nbsp; And he said, "But I'm making a profit." Right? And&nbsp;&nbsp; I said, "Sir, please." I said, "You know, the IRS&nbsp; is many things. Dumb is not one of those things."&nbsp;&nbsp; I said, "The the profit, sir, is going to be&nbsp; compared to the value of the asset." I mean,&nbsp;&nbsp; if if you're buying a &1.5 million boat, his&nbsp; was a $1.9 million, and you're going to make&nbsp;&nbsp; a dollar profit, you're going to make a revenue&nbsp; officer very angry and I'm going to charge you&nbsp;&nbsp; a ton of money because I have to overcome this&nbsp; angry revenue officer. So, in the same way now,&nbsp;&nbsp; Maryline, to answer your question, I look at the&nbsp; cost of the vessel as a function of your income.&nbsp;&nbsp; If you're one of these I've got a doctor right&nbsp; now that works in these uh 24-hour clinics. Oh&nbsp;&nbsp; my goodness, that's a very profitable business.&nbsp; So, he's making say he's pulling down a million&nbsp;&nbsp; three a year between him and his wife. So, if he's&nbsp; looking to buy a million-doll vessel, as soon as&nbsp;&nbsp; I kind of understand his AGI, then I relate the&nbsp; the the price of the asset as a function of their&nbsp;&nbsp; income. So, I I am a little judgmental there. when&nbsp; people admit that their dad's giving them money,&nbsp;&nbsp; that they're they're they're stealing&nbsp; money from people in the park, you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; they're going through the couches looking for&nbsp; change, you know, I I don't want to be part of&nbsp;&nbsp; that because I I think that there's going to be a&nbsp; problem if a storm rolls through or we have COVID&nbsp;&nbsp; or or something like that. So, yeah, I'm I'm kind&nbsp; of funny about that. I get I I I'm I'm privileged&nbsp;&nbsp; to be able to work with anybody people that I want&nbsp; to work with and not have to work with people I&nbsp;&nbsp; don't want to work with. And there's people I&nbsp; don't want to work with. And uh so when they're&nbsp;&nbsp; real thin and stretched like that, I don't think&nbsp; they're going to be enjoying um their boat. I&nbsp;&nbsp; think they're going to be worrying about it. And&nbsp; uh I don't think they need to do it. They need to&nbsp;&nbsp; go out and charter one, have all the fun they want&nbsp; to have, give the charter operator a credit card,&nbsp;&nbsp; and walk away. That's So yeah, I'm I'm kind&nbsp; of I'm kind of funny about that. One other&nbsp;&nbsp; thing I wanted to bring up is uh registration. Um&nbsp; that's a big question here and I know that has a&nbsp;&nbsp; lot of different implications. I'm not saying that&nbsp; you're an expert on documentation or registration,&nbsp;&nbsp; but I'm sure that you can help uh assist and&nbsp; guide. So, do things like state taxes matter&nbsp;&nbsp; where they develop their LLC, property taxes on&nbsp; the vessel, registration of the vessel? Can you&nbsp;&nbsp; speak to that? Yes. as long as they understand&nbsp; as long as they understand what they're doing,&nbsp;&nbsp; what they're getting into. You know, I have people&nbsp; that tell me all the time, "Well, um, I'm going to&nbsp;&nbsp; be able to charter my boat in South Florida, but&nbsp; I'm not going to fisher." And so, because we're&nbsp;&nbsp; not going to fish, I don't have to pay the sales&nbsp; tax. And by the way, they're confusing the sales&nbsp;&nbsp; tax and the use tax and the business tax with&nbsp; the state income tax because when you say tax,&nbsp;&nbsp; you haven't said anything. You you've just opened&nbsp; up a a treasure trove of disaster. So, as long as&nbsp;&nbsp; they know what they're doing, I'm happy. And I&nbsp; will say this personally, our firm, we will not&nbsp;&nbsp; open an LLC or assistant businesses in New York or&nbsp; California for reasons I think that are designed&nbsp;&nbsp; to protect our clients. Um, Ronald Reagan, one of&nbsp; my favorite people in all of history, love him,&nbsp;&nbsp; love him, love him. He always said, "I don't know&nbsp; everything, but I know somebody that that that can&nbsp;&nbsp; can talk about that." So, we have a very good&nbsp; attorney, very wonderful guy that has forgotten&nbsp;&nbsp; more uh about I think flagging and registration&nbsp; probably than anybody's that we've ever met. And&nbsp;&nbsp; so, I don't take the time to go figure all that&nbsp; out because we just call Greg. And so, one of the&nbsp;&nbsp; thing the great things about our relationship&nbsp; here is that I'm not involved in the brokerage&nbsp;&nbsp; business. I don't want to be and I can't. And then&nbsp; Amanda and other people are not in. So, we're all&nbsp;&nbsp; doing what we're good at. I I liken it to uh a&nbsp; wheel with spokes and you know, maybe Amanda's&nbsp;&nbsp; a spoke and Patrick's a spoke and other people,&nbsp; lenders are on that, but the in the middle the the&nbsp;&nbsp; core is is the client and the client's going to&nbsp; benefit from having a team a team of people. Even&nbsp;&nbsp; here at our firm, our attorneys are in-house.&nbsp; Our tax work is in-house. If somebody has a&nbsp;&nbsp; question about management, that's in-house. So,&nbsp; we try to do everything under one roof. Awesome.&nbsp; All right, let's talk about exit strategies and&nbsp; long-term planning because a lot of folks don't&nbsp;&nbsp; realize when they talk to you and we we've learned&nbsp; this over the years that you have to also start&nbsp;&nbsp; with the end because if you don't have a plan for&nbsp; the end, it's not going to end well. So, Patrick,&nbsp;&nbsp; of course, nobody wants to to think about selling&nbsp; when they're buying. Um, but we should talk about&nbsp;&nbsp; the financial life cycle of boat ownership if you&nbsp; would. I'm not sure what you call it, but uh, can&nbsp;&nbsp; you share your wisdom on that and what you found&nbsp; in counseling clients over the years? Yeah. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; first of all, um, we have a saying above my desk.&nbsp; You're buying to sell. And you're right, people&nbsp;&nbsp; they don't want to talk about that, but... that's&nbsp; the reality. You're buying to sell. And that being&nbsp;&nbsp; so once we get that I think operating in our minds&nbsp; then we can be friends and we can't be friends&nbsp;&nbsp; unfortunately if if people don't buy into that.&nbsp; So um we require we our firm requires a one-hour&nbsp;&nbsp; consult early in the relationship about exit&nbsp; strategy. Now, we're not asking you to prophesy&nbsp;&nbsp; where you're going to be in five years and right&nbsp; and you know I mean I have people that are saying&nbsp;&nbsp; a lot of our clients are oil and gas and these&nbsp; poor people will bring in an Excel spreadsheet&nbsp;&nbsp; out to age 180 you know and I'm thinking sir you&nbsp; know in just the next two or three years because&nbsp;&nbsp; what happens it's funny because people call us&nbsp; up and they go you know we're starting to like&nbsp;&nbsp; look at monohulls again. And I'm like, well, we&nbsp; never talked about that. Hey, I'm starting to like&nbsp;&nbsp; those catamarans. They're ugly and they're slow,&nbsp; but man, you know, there's a lot of, you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; and it's funny. And and of course, the old joke,&nbsp; what does a guy with a 45 foot boat want? He wants&nbsp;&nbsp; a 50. That that's that's the joke. Exactly.&nbsp; So, uh, that being the case, we're not going&nbsp;&nbsp; to hold you to your comments, but we're going to&nbsp; hold you to the knowledge that you have a sword&nbsp;&nbsp; hanging over your head. Now, the reason I love to&nbsp; do that is because early in our relationship, they&nbsp;&nbsp; might not want to elect 100% bonus depreciation,&nbsp; which drops their cost basis to zero. They can&nbsp;&nbsp; do 10-year, 10-year straight line. People have&nbsp; forgotten about that. Nobody likes to talk about&nbsp;&nbsp; that anymore. It's not very sexy. I get that. But&nbsp; I've had an awful lot of people that we counseled&nbsp;&nbsp; in our exit strategy required meeting and they&nbsp; ended up with 10-year straight line. It's been&nbsp;&nbsp; five years. Guess what? Boat's gone down in value.&nbsp; Of course it has. and they but they still have a&nbsp;&nbsp; large cost basis that we're able to use. And I've&nbsp; had a lot of people say, "Man, Patrick, thank you&nbsp;&nbsp; for first of all explaining that I had a secondary&nbsp; choice and then looking at my style and my needs&nbsp;&nbsp; and what I wanted for myself and my family." So,&nbsp; exit strategy is a big deal. I will say this,&nbsp;&nbsp; we've never had a problem ever with people that&nbsp; understood what was coming and where there was&nbsp;&nbsp; input and conversation. Um I had a gentleman the&nbsp; other day arguing with me. Um I told him, "Sir,&nbsp;&nbsp; if you're going to come to a gunfight, bring a&nbsp; gun. Don't bring a knife because I'm I have a&nbsp;&nbsp; gun." So he's a police officer, by the way.&nbsp; He thought that was hilarious. But basically&nbsp;&nbsp; he was saying that you you can't 1031 anymore.&nbsp; And he was referring to a tax statute that has&nbsp;&nbsp; to do with real property. Of course boats aren't&nbsp; real property. So I said, "Well, sir," I said,&nbsp;&nbsp; "You're wrong." I sorry again. Go get a gun. But&nbsp; I said, "Here's what happens. If you sell the&nbsp;&nbsp; boat in the fifth year, let's say you sell it in&nbsp; January and you buy another boat. You buy another&nbsp;&nbsp; boat in the same year." I said it's not a 10:31,&nbsp; but effectively you're starting a fire in February&nbsp;&nbsp; and you're putting the fire out in June. Now,&nbsp; that's going to depend on what form of accelerated&nbsp;&nbsp; depreciation may be in play at that time. So,&nbsp; that's always an option. Another option that&nbsp;&nbsp; I like very much is we call it buying down or ste&nbsp; stepping down. Maybe you sell a million-doll yacht&nbsp;&nbsp; that's got a very low or even a zero cost basis&nbsp; and let's say you buy a smaller one. Maybe you buy&nbsp;&nbsp; a 40-footer, one of these new great monohulls that&nbsp; are gorgeous and wide and have water makers. I&nbsp;&nbsp; mean, they're the coolest things in and they sail.&nbsp; You can sail them. I mean, I have to have both&nbsp;&nbsp; engines on mine on at all times if I'm sailing&nbsp; to get the thing, you know, to to come around.&nbsp;&nbsp; That's a separate issue. But the point is is that&nbsp; there's a lot of ways of dealing with that. And&nbsp;&nbsp; um other people uh maybe will take the yacht&nbsp; out of full-time charter in the Caribbean and&nbsp;&nbsp; they'll put her into a school or a class maybe&nbsp; uh up in the Chesapeake maybe or something. So&nbsp;&nbsp; as long as we're talking about it and as long as&nbsp; you understand what's coming and by the way we'd&nbsp;&nbsp; like to do that conversation about every six&nbsp; months. We have never had anybody surprised,&nbsp;&nbsp; angry, disappointed. It it it's it's never&nbsp; happened. And have you found Go ahead. Yeah. I&nbsp;&nbsp; think it's very important to discuss that upfront&nbsp; because in the sales world, what I've seen in this&nbsp;&nbsp; is that someone uh listens to a myth of inflated&nbsp; profitability and realize that that's not just&nbsp;&nbsp; the case. So then therefore they just definitely&nbsp; want to jump into selling the boat again right&nbsp;&nbsp; away and then they realize that they're going&nbsp; to get hit with recapture and are unable then&nbsp;&nbsp; to do that. So these are really important things&nbsp; that need to be discussed ahead of time with full&nbsp;&nbsp; knowledge and understanding of the exit strategy&nbsp; and that's why it's so important to discuss it.&nbsp;&nbsp; It is and thank you Amanda as usual because again&nbsp; better better people that are fiduciaries in&nbsp;&nbsp; other words they hold themselves to a client for&nbsp; life that this isn't a one-timer. this person's&nbsp;&nbsp; going to buy a yacht from me, probably buy another&nbsp; yacht from me, probably buy another yacht from me,&nbsp;&nbsp; and then a dinghy for me, you know, I don't know.&nbsp; But that concept of we care about you for life,&nbsp;&nbsp; uh, we're bringing up subjects that other people,&nbsp; I've had a lot of people such as Amanda will say&nbsp;&nbsp; that as they're talking to a broker or person,&nbsp; excuse me, that's new to them, they'll say,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Well, I don't know what you're talking about.&nbsp; No one has had this conversation with me uh until&nbsp;&nbsp; you. And I think that there's the difference.&nbsp; There's the difference right there. Again,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's an easy problem to fix, but you have to know&nbsp; it's coming. Yeah. You were talking about the cogs&nbsp;&nbsp; in the wheel earlier. You know, one being the&nbsp; buyer of course, one being the broker, one being&nbsp;&nbsp; the person who advises them in these financial&nbsp; steps, one being the insurer, you know, one being&nbsp;&nbsp; the charter management company. To me as a broker,&nbsp; when I think about talking to a person putting a&nbsp;&nbsp; boat into a business, one of the main things that&nbsp; I need to understand is the charter management&nbsp;&nbsp; company that will be actually caring for the&nbsp; asset. To me, I think that's probably a 50% role&nbsp;&nbsp; in the choice uh alongside with the actual boat.&nbsp; So if you know you could speak to that Patrick&nbsp;&nbsp; about those cogs and what's important. So once&nbsp; again uh I think there's kind of three ways that&nbsp;&nbsp; you could purchase a boat that all of us you know&nbsp; are bored by this information but you can grow&nbsp;&nbsp; crude yacht CRW. I think that's one method that's&nbsp; very complicated very dangerous very dependent on&nbsp;&nbsp; the crew. Then you have what GI again guaranteed&nbsp; income. Some companies offer that some don't. Um,&nbsp;&nbsp; that's fairly straightforward. Might not make&nbsp; as much money. In other words, if I go to the&nbsp;&nbsp; bank and I buy a CD, I'm probably going to get&nbsp; 4%. If I go to that same bank and I buy Nvidia,&nbsp;&nbsp; I I might get 500% growth on that asset. So,&nbsp; I'm settling I'm settling for the guarantee. Uh,&nbsp;&nbsp; then the third category, which of course is the&nbsp; most popular, is variable. So real simple we&nbsp;&nbsp; understand boat goes out uh I get a split whatever&nbsp; that split is it changes a little bit depending&nbsp;&nbsp; on the circumstances but I of course pay all the&nbsp; expenses understanding those three models yes of&nbsp;&nbsp; some of the charter operators that we have worked&nbsp; when we work with everybody I had a gentleman&nbsp;&nbsp; that was referred the other day by a particular&nbsp; brokerage uh company down in the USBI and he said&nbsp;&nbsp; well I assume you're related to this company that&nbsp; referred you. I said, "Sir, I am not." I said,&nbsp;&nbsp; "There's 17 operators in the Caribbean Ocean. Firm&nbsp; deals with all 17." I said, "Now, are there some&nbsp;&nbsp; that we think maybe do a better job?" Yes, there&nbsp; are. I'm sorry, but there's if you work with 17&nbsp;&nbsp; accounting firms, you're going to find some of&nbsp; them are better and some of them, you know, not as&nbsp;&nbsp; good. But that being the case, um I think as long&nbsp; as the information that's been presented is honest&nbsp;&nbsp; and accurate based on kind of my understanding a&nbsp; little of kind of what that looks like. I had a&nbsp;&nbsp; gentleman the other day that's buying a huge boat&nbsp; up in New York City and he's expecting to lose&nbsp;&nbsp; about $100,000 a year based on the representations&nbsp; that have been made to him. He's fine with that.&nbsp;&nbsp; He's he's he's not angry that he's not making&nbsp; any money on this big giant battleship. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; I think as long as the information that's&nbsp; being presented is accurate and realistic,&nbsp;&nbsp; understanding that there's good presidents and bad&nbsp; presidents and good economies and bad economies&nbsp;&nbsp; and things like that. I always worry when somebody&nbsp; tells me that they're trying to they're looking to&nbsp;&nbsp; invest money in a boat. I think both are not very&nbsp; good investments and they're trying to make a 5%&nbsp;&nbsp; return or an 8% return. I always say, look, buy&nbsp; Home Depot, get buy some Walmart and take your&nbsp;&nbsp; profit from Walmart and charter a boat. Don't&nbsp; own one because they're just not great assets,&nbsp;&nbsp; right? It's we've definitely seen that it's a&nbsp; lifestyle investment than it is a uh fiduciary&nbsp;&nbsp; u gain investment. Um, and I have seen years where&nbsp; it has been a fiduciary gain, but like you said,&nbsp;&nbsp; there's peaks and there's valleys. There's highs&nbsp; and lows. And you never know with maintenance when&nbsp;&nbsp; one year you may be hit with something where&nbsp; you have to replace a generator and then that&nbsp;&nbsp; is what will make wipe out all of your revenue.&nbsp; Exactly. So, there are so many unknowns in this&nbsp;&nbsp; that you have to be aware of and ready for in&nbsp; this investment. Um, and it it's it's good to&nbsp;&nbsp; have that understanding. Yeah. Well, and again,&nbsp; it's it's all and we would know it as it's it's&nbsp;&nbsp; kind of what we were expecting expectations.&nbsp; If you were expecting to make a couple hundred&nbsp;&nbsp; thousand a year, like one of these people that&nbsp; made a representation to a new client of ours&nbsp;&nbsp; here not too long ago, again, it looks great on&nbsp; paper. If your boat's going out 52 weeks in a row,&nbsp;&nbsp; which he didn't quite promise that, but but he was&nbsp; close. He was close. Boy, does that look good. I'm&nbsp;&nbsp; like, sign me up. Sign me up. I'm ready. Let's do&nbsp; it. you know, I'm your new partner. I'll I'll put&nbsp;&nbsp; up the cash. But of course, it's not true.&nbsp; And so, again, and by the way, we have the&nbsp;&nbsp; same parallels in the aviation world. A lot of&nbsp; people will buy an older plane. Uh, and again,&nbsp;&nbsp; a small repair to a jet engine can be 250,000.&nbsp; You can buy a whole yacht for what it costs to&nbsp;&nbsp; repair the port, you know, the port uh engine, the&nbsp; port turbine. So again, everything's going along&nbsp;&nbsp; fine until something breaks and then like you&nbsp; said, when it's time to put in a new generator,&nbsp;&nbsp; you're like, "Oh my god." Not to mention the fact&nbsp; that she's out of charter. Obviously, she's going&nbsp;&nbsp; to be sitting there and there's time frames and&nbsp; and this and that. So, it's um again, I'm I I I&nbsp;&nbsp; appreciate and I respect very much, Amanda, your&nbsp; concept about the charter operator. I'm a bigger&nbsp;&nbsp; fan of getting the right broker. Sorry, but uh the&nbsp; damage I've seen in human tragedy over the years&nbsp;&nbsp; uh it started with uh with an incomplete or&nbsp; uh maybe a a broker uh that maybe again either&nbsp;&nbsp; didn't know their responsibility or did know their&nbsp; their responsibility. So I'm I'm I'm big on one of&nbsp;&nbsp; those myths um that is a common misconception that&nbsp; some brokers may or may not know and that being do&nbsp;&nbsp; I have does a person have to buy a new boat to&nbsp; then get these uh tax advantages or can it be&nbsp;&nbsp; a used boat? So, incredibly, this is one of the&nbsp; tried andrue um I guess myths that really comes&nbsp;&nbsp; to the surface very quickly because it used&nbsp; to be that way. It used to be that way and so&nbsp;&nbsp; people remember, you know, I had a gentleman the&nbsp; other day what again his attorney and him called&nbsp;&nbsp; and by the way, real quick conversation. His&nbsp; attorney said, "I haven't brought my client on&nbsp;&nbsp; the line yet." He said, "It's just me and you,&nbsp; Buckaroo." you know. I said, "Oh, okay." Uh,&nbsp;&nbsp; he said, "I'm going to ask you a question, and if&nbsp; you answer the question correctly, you and I can&nbsp;&nbsp; be friends, and if you don't answer the question&nbsp; correctly, then we can't be friends." And I said,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Well, I I I I want to be friends." And he said,&nbsp; "Great." He said then he asked the question and&nbsp;&nbsp; it was a very straightforward question but he&nbsp; also understood that it had to be new because&nbsp;&nbsp; that the last time he was involved in a client&nbsp; decision to buy an asset um it had to be new.&nbsp;&nbsp; It had to be brand new. Now of course it's new or&nbsp; new to me. So yes, used boats are incredibly cool&nbsp;&nbsp; for a whole bunch of reasons. Number one of which&nbsp; that right now there might be some inventory left&nbsp;&nbsp; here. By the way, when my feet hit the floor&nbsp; on July 5th and I found out that the BBB had&nbsp;&nbsp; passed and I realized that Trump incredibly was&nbsp; going to make it effective to January 19th of 25,&nbsp;&nbsp; which has never happened before, my first thought&nbsp; was inventory, inventory, inventory, inventory. So&nbsp;&nbsp; again, it's not my place to start calling clients&nbsp; and saying, "Hey, you better get on the stick,&nbsp;&nbsp; puppy, you know. I mean, that's not my place. It's&nbsp; not my lane, but some people did and they got the&nbsp;&nbsp; boat they wanted." Some people didn't and they&nbsp; didn't get the boat they wanted. But I love used&nbsp;&nbsp; boats. I bought used boats. I've owned boat used&nbsp; yachts all my life. And uh the fact that they're&nbsp;&nbsp; now depreciable is the coolest thing uh I think in&nbsp; the whole world and really opens the door. I mean,&nbsp;&nbsp; there's people that just don't have a million&nbsp; six. They just can't qualify. They're lovely&nbsp;&nbsp; people. But my god, they can come up with 900,000.&nbsp; They can they So now they can have the yacht they&nbsp;&nbsp; want. They can have the lifestyle they want.&nbsp; They can spend time with their kids and their&nbsp;&nbsp; grandkids. They can do all that at a budget that&nbsp; they can afford. So again, thank goodness very&nbsp;&nbsp; important uh clarification. I wanted to come back&nbsp; to say as well regarding the the charter operators&nbsp;&nbsp; conversation we'll have actually uh what to look&nbsp; for what questions to ask what due diligence&nbsp;&nbsp; because that's really really important essential&nbsp; um I wanted to circle back uh to one last topic&nbsp;&nbsp; regarding the the exit strategy and uh that's&nbsp; really just about your experience Patrick but&nbsp;&nbsp; uh what have you found your clients end up doing?&nbsp; Do they end up selling the boat sooner than they&nbsp;&nbsp; thought or later than they thought? I'm just&nbsp; really curious about that. Because they're in&nbsp;&nbsp; our influence. I don't know if that came out&nbsp; right, but because they're in our universe,&nbsp;&nbsp; they sell much sooner. Uh I had a number of&nbsp; boats in five-year programs. I mostly got out&nbsp;&nbsp; in the third year. I made sure contractually, of&nbsp; course, that I could do that. And here's why. My&nbsp;&nbsp; boat is going to start going down more rapidly,&nbsp; more rapidly in the fourth or the fifth year.&nbsp;&nbsp; stuff's going to start to break. Those those crazy&nbsp; people that keep shifting the transmission in&nbsp;&nbsp; and out as they're trying to get to a moing ball,&nbsp; that's going to catch up with me. That's going to&nbsp;&nbsp; catch up with my transmissions. And so the other&nbsp; problem is is the boat I'm interested in buying,&nbsp;&nbsp; uh, the longer boat. Remember the old joke on my&nbsp; my bigger boat? Uh, it went up. Now it's gone up&nbsp;&nbsp; three years in a row, maybe 8%, 12%, who knows? I&nbsp; don't want it to go up again. and I don't want it&nbsp;&nbsp; to go up again with my boat going down in value.&nbsp; I that chasm is getting worse and worse. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; most of our clients start thinking, hey, it's been&nbsp; 3 years. We've had a great time, but we might want&nbsp;&nbsp; to, you know, get our broker back on the phone&nbsp; and say, "Hey, you know what? What's what is this&nbsp;&nbsp; looking like? Uh, newer boats are cooler. Uh, the&nbsp; water makers are better. The electrical systems&nbsp;&nbsp; are better. Heck, the refrigerator on my boat is&nbsp; bigger than the refrigerator at my house." So that&nbsp;&nbsp; that wasn't possible years ago when I had to hold&nbsp; my wife's ankles and hold her upside down so she&nbsp;&nbsp; could reach down in there and get the chicken&nbsp; at bottom. So anyways, um that means so I think&nbsp;&nbsp; usually to answer your question, sorry, succinctly&nbsp; they t we tend to get out a little bit quicker.&nbsp;&nbsp; Uh now if it's your forever boat where you're&nbsp; just chartering her and that's pretty common for&nbsp;&nbsp; people saying hey we're not selling this man at&nbsp; the end of five years we've got her pretty much&nbsp;&nbsp; paid down and we're going to hop on her and we're&nbsp; going to Thailand. Now no one's ever done that by&nbsp;&nbsp; the way but that's their intention at the point&nbsp; of purchase. A lot of people are going to keep&nbsp;&nbsp; the boat and that's why you do check in every six&nbsp; months. I I love the fact that you're checking in&nbsp;&nbsp; every six months. I really think that's a plus to&nbsp; your your business model and what you offer your&nbsp;&nbsp; clients. Super. Well, I I I agree. All right.&nbsp; Well, thank you so much, Patrick. I guess if we&nbsp;&nbsp; had one last question, actually two last question.&nbsp; Um, what has been the biggest misconception or the&nbsp;&nbsp; biggest clarity you've been able to bring to&nbsp; clients perhaps in the last year or two? That&nbsp;&nbsp; will be my my next final question I would say. And&nbsp; then what resources then would you recommend for&nbsp;&nbsp; folks that want to learn more about the services&nbsp; you offer and exploring a collaboration with your&nbsp;&nbsp; firm? So um biggest misconception or aha moment&nbsp; and then what should people do if they want to uh&nbsp;&nbsp; explore this avenue? So I think very that's those&nbsp; are very easy to answer questions. So the aha&nbsp;&nbsp; moment is the fact that people do not understand&nbsp; the difference between depreciation of a yacht,&nbsp;&nbsp; which by the way is a vessel, barge or tug,&nbsp; compared to real estate. I had a gentleman the&nbsp;&nbsp; other day that called me up and he said, "Well,&nbsp; Mr. Worley, you your firm comes highly recommended&nbsp;&nbsp; and I'm looking at condominiums and yachts." And I&nbsp; said, "No." And he he said, "What do you mean no?"&nbsp;&nbsp; I said, 'N no, you couldn't be looking at condos&nbsp; and yachts. They're dissimilar assets. He goes,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Well, they're both I can depreciate them both."&nbsp; I said, 'No no, you can't. So, I said, "Who who&nbsp;&nbsp; told you that?" So, of course, the real estate&nbsp; broker told him that. But anyway, so I explained&nbsp;&nbsp; that he would get $50 in depreciation from the&nbsp; condominium and a million dollar in depreciation&nbsp;&nbsp; from the yacht. So I think people buy and enlarge&nbsp; cannot imagine that you can buy a boat on Monday&nbsp;&nbsp; and write the whole thing off on Tuesday. That&nbsp; has been a huge revelation for them. I spoke to&nbsp;&nbsp; a gentleman yesterday, yesterday afternoon, very&nbsp; nice man and he's been waiting to talk to us for I&nbsp;&nbsp; think 10 days and uh he said I I didn't know that.&nbsp; I didn't understand that. I thought boats were&nbsp;&nbsp; five-year maybe seven-year assets. I said they're&nbsp; not. So that that's kind of been the big uh aha&nbsp;&nbsp; uh movement. Uh so that's question number one.&nbsp; Question number two then or final point number two&nbsp;&nbsp; was was what? Oh, who they should talk to. Sorry.&nbsp; Okay. In my opinion, so years and years ago, I was&nbsp;&nbsp; a real estate broker in Beverly Hills and I had&nbsp; a beautiful, beautiful Cadillac. I just love her&nbsp;&nbsp; to this day. And um we would I would drive people&nbsp; around and I would take them out to lunch at the&nbsp;&nbsp; nicest restaurants and I paid for everything. So&nbsp; they got my services, they got my knowledge, they&nbsp;&nbsp; got to see a house next to a school district they&nbsp; wanted. They got to they get they got all that and&nbsp;&nbsp; I paid for everything. We're just driving around&nbsp; in my car having a good time. I tell people, get&nbsp;&nbsp; a broker. Get a broker because you're not paying&nbsp; them in that sense. And I don't mean to disparage&nbsp;&nbsp; their income. I do a lot of tax returns for why I&nbsp; tell you they make very good money and they should&nbsp;&nbsp; and they should. So I tell them the sooner you&nbsp; get somebody that can stop you from going into&nbsp;&nbsp; dead ends and cul-de-sacs and get you on the road&nbsp; to what you want when you want it at a price you&nbsp;&nbsp; want. They're going to do all that and the seller&nbsp; is going to pay the bill. So, I tell people get a&nbsp;&nbsp; broker that if you want to learn more, you you&nbsp; can Google yourselves until your arms fall off,&nbsp;&nbsp; but you're not going to get the warmth, the&nbsp; consideration, and the genuine attention that&nbsp;&nbsp; you need and deserve from anybody other than a&nbsp; good broker. That's great to hear. Really great.&nbsp;&nbsp; And so, for those of our uh clients who may have&nbsp; a person of choice, an adviser, a wealth manager,&nbsp;&nbsp; uh explain a little bit how that collaboration&nbsp; goes. you're obviously not uh incompatible,&nbsp;&nbsp; you're not replacing the relationship that they&nbsp; have with their own advisor. Can you just perhaps&nbsp;&nbsp; speak to that and and how do they engage with&nbsp; you to evaluate that that next collaboration if&nbsp;&nbsp; there is one? So, that's a great point and I'm I&nbsp; appreciate you allowing me to to mention that. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; first of all, we occasionally will run into&nbsp; someone where there's resistance on the part&nbsp;&nbsp; of the financial advisor. Uh and I I'm not saying&nbsp; that happens all the time, but it happens from&nbsp;&nbsp; time to time. If this gentleman, we'll call him&nbsp; Bob, if Bob's going to take a half a million&nbsp;&nbsp; dollars out of his investment account to put down&nbsp; on a yacht, that that money is not going to pay&nbsp;&nbsp; commission anymore. And so, occasionally there&nbsp; are some times where there's a little friction,&nbsp;&nbsp; a little resistance there. Um, very often people&nbsp; will call me up and say, "Listen, um, who's going&nbsp;&nbsp; to do the business tax return?" I say, "Well, our&nbsp; firm is available to do that. We're really good&nbsp;&nbsp; at it. We're friendly. We're reasonable. It's part&nbsp; of our retainer. You probably want us to do that,&nbsp;&nbsp; but we're not after your 1040. We're not after&nbsp; your personal return. We're not soliciting you&nbsp;&nbsp; in any way. In fact, not only do we not want&nbsp; to alienate the person that you've been using&nbsp;&nbsp; all these years, we want to bring them into the&nbsp; partnership. We want to explain that we've got&nbsp;&nbsp; a K1 coming your way that's going to make a sound&nbsp; when it hits the desk. It's going to make a thud.&nbsp;&nbsp; And so we're embracing the financial people. And I&nbsp; think that's the mark of of of a good partner that&nbsp;&nbsp; they're embracing the existing team, but they're&nbsp; providing something again that the team doesn't&nbsp;&nbsp; have and and maybe can't offer. again proper&nbsp; business construction, proper business operation,&nbsp;&nbsp; proper exit strategy, those kinds of things. And&nbsp; the wheel we spoke about very to a specialty as&nbsp;&nbsp; well. When it when you're thinking about these&nbsp; things, your CPA may be great at your own personal&nbsp;&nbsp; taxes, but does not know the maritime industry&nbsp; and all the ins and outs that are necessary and&nbsp;&nbsp; the check boxes. And so getting the K1 from your&nbsp; firm and then giving it over to their personal CEA&nbsp;&nbsp; is sometimes the best route just because of your&nbsp; specialty. Well, we actually had a gentleman out&nbsp;&nbsp; of Frisco the other day, San Francisco, and he&nbsp; said, "I want to preface my comments by saying&nbsp;&nbsp; that the firm that has represented me for many&nbsp; years is going to disown me if I purchase a yacht&nbsp;&nbsp; unless your firm is going to prepare and sign&nbsp; the return." again the the yacht return. I said,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Well, good news. That's we're we're doing&nbsp; that. We're not after we're not soliciting&nbsp;&nbsp; you in any way, but we are certainly going to do&nbsp; it this." So, anyways, in a later conversation,&nbsp;&nbsp; the CPA uh in a later conversation said, "I'm so&nbsp; pleased because we love this guy. He's a great&nbsp;&nbsp; he's big he's a big very big client for us and he&nbsp; was dead set on buying a yacht and we can't even&nbsp;&nbsp; spell the word yacht. So, we're delighted that&nbsp; you're doing the K1s and then we assimilate that&nbsp;&nbsp; into his personal return. So, it's uh I think&nbsp; we're all making the same point here. Well,&nbsp;&nbsp; thank you so much for your time um Patrick. It was&nbsp; a delight speaking with you and uh answering a lot&nbsp;&nbsp; of these questions that we had prepared and and&nbsp; we asked before and discussed with clients. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; this is um awesome summary. Uh if you're&nbsp; viewing this recording and have questions,&nbsp;&nbsp; um answer, uh put your comments down below. We&nbsp; we will answer all of them. And to follow Current&nbsp;&nbsp; Yachts and our podcast, just subscribe. Thank you again, Patrick, and we look&nbsp;&nbsp; forward to our continued collaboration.&nbsp; Have a great day and fair winds. Fair.&nbsp; Thank you very much. Thank you.&nbsp; See you in Miami. That's right!

  Top Comments:
  1. @CurrentYachts [5 likes]: Would love to hear your questions on tax planning as it relates to buying a yacht! Have you ever bought a boat in a charter program, what was that like?
  2. @jlivings2010 [3 likes]: Very interesting. We have been planning on paying cash, but after watching this, we may rethink our strategy. Thank you.
  3. @MBossar [3 likes]: Thank you for your participation Patrick, we enjoyed having you on the podcast!
  4. @med101-k6q [2 likes]: Interesting information, unfortunately his arrogance is quite abrasive.
  5. @johnlowell2171 [2 likes]: When I saw the title, I thought the discussion was going to be about a yacht as a second home.  There is also potential for many in this area.
  6. @daviddivad-1809 [1 likes]: I'm curious on writing the boat off against gains from other businesses.  I've used this before with new startups I wholly owned.  Is this something that can help and might be something as a strategy before a person sells their business?  Or are folks  opening the new charter business the year they sell the other business to offset the gains?  Is this something that can lower taxes during a Roth ladder strategy where you need to offset a lot of income?
  7. @DwaneCates [1 likes]: What about purchasing the yacht through Moorings?
  8. @jaysonbowerman115 [1 likes]: Love these informational videos! Thanks for making them, I’ve learned a bunch about the various topics Current Yachts have covered thus far. 
  I tried watching this one again hoping to gain better understanding of the  basics of tax planning through corporate ownership, but dang, your guest chose not to answer a single question in a straight line or give clear actionable advice. (Other than hire his firm) 
 Thanks for trying to moderate an informational episode, but I think y’all should take another swing at this topic.
  9. @amandassailingadventure [1 likes]: Great insights & guidance. So much to unpack. Our clients have been very happy with their partnership with Patrick's firm.
  10. @FullDisplacementPodcast [1 likes]: So important to realize that preowned yachts ARE compatible with tax planning strategies.
  11. @SKULLandBONESanonymous [1 likes]: That was a very informative episode, which leaves me with more questions on the non charter-private owner purchase. As a soon to be retired person, looking at live aboard sailboats and just starting to look at options and price ranges. I would be interested in an episode with the tax implications of purchasing a US flagged vessels vs foreign flagged and importing into the USA. Thank you
  12. @jesuschrist-alphaomega: Binge watching all ur episodes  starting with your first. I just made an offer on my first sail ⛵️  boat
  13. @elmer665544: The Sword of Damocles

- Zuckerberg Dodging Taxes by Not Flying US Flag on New Superyacht? | SY News Ep319: Kind: captions Language: en this is super yot news with e sisman hi welcome back to the channel so recently we saw some posts on Twitter or x uh talking about Mark ukbec yacht and the reasons for the yacht being registered in the martial island or flying a martial an flag now the title of this article read exclusive Mark Zuckerberg's 300 million dollar yacht doct in for Lauderdale flying martial Adam's flag in attempt to avoid paying us taxes now I'm not going to promote the account because it was quite a toxic account uh I had to scroll through it for a few minutes and it made me want to delete my account and never again go back to Twitter um so I'm not going to I'm not going to um put that on you but the gist of the article is that if you can call it an article is that um it was an attempt to avoid paying us taxes uh suggesting that uh it would be just as easy to fly a US flag on the vessel the thing is uh it's very common for vessels to have flags of convenience and it is related to tax in many ways but there are very different reasons for not having a US flag on a vessel us regulations about registering a yacht over certain size makes it a very difficult Affair and places many restrictions on how the yacht can be operated regulations in the US has traditionally meant that Yachts over 300 gross tons were not eligible to fly a US flag zucker's yacht is 5,000 gross tons in comparison now until 2018 the US law defined a yacht as a vessel uh whose volume was a maximum of 300 gross tons the law was written in 1920 but was never updated US Coast Guard legislation failed to differentiate between a merchant vessel and a and Commercial yachts and uh therefore they were subject to US Coast Guard inspections as seagoing motor vessels the Coast Guard's inspection requirements were designed for cargo ships and other Merchant vessels and these standards of build required meant it was impossible for Yachts to meet those requirements now there were two notable exceptions to this the owner of MOT Limitless and the owner of moat Freedom who were both able to get waivers uh the owner of Limitless got one through the US Congress and the owner of moot Freedom got his via the US Coast Guard now in 2018 bipartisan bill was put forward that changed the laws of superat registration in the US for Yachts larger than 300 G tons the bill was signed into law by then president Trump on the 13th of August 2018 incidentally Donald Trump was briefly a super yach owner himself actually buying a yacht from a Middle Eastern Arms Dealer but that's for another story uh the new law means that there are no longer any limits on length and gross tonnage however with the new law there are still a number of caveats uh the C captain and crew would all have to be US citizens you cannot Charter a private yacht whilst flying the US flag and it's only as it's only for private use now chartering is a very popular thing with owners as a way to pay towards the running costs of a yacht you know they don't like spending their own money so each Charter for a yacht like Zucker bags can cost over a million dollars per week that's a lot of money even to a billionaire and the Yachts can also not carry any cargo which sounds you kind of obvious well it's not a cargo ship but you know if he wants to take some stuff from his from uh Florida to his house in Hawaii then he can't load it onto his own yacht and carry it there because it's illegal under these rules and also the owners of large Yachts must disclose the identity of the yacht's beneficial owner to the Coast Guard the US Coast Guard uh which is not probably probably not very popular with owners who want to keep that a secret and there remain many more rules and regulations on registering your yacht in the US including having to comply with the Merchant Marine act also known as the Jones act and even the passenger vessel Services act can apply to Yachts which is a law dating back to 1886 so it's very complicated I'm not going to go fully into it in this episode of superat news but one of the reasons why the Jones act can get very expensive for owners is this the law allows us seamen to bring uh actions against ship owners based on claims of unsee worthiness or negligence uh rights not afforded by Common International maritime law in fact there is a case going to trial in the US in September by the crew or by a number of crew of the the super yach Utopia 4 um seven of the crew whom were injured when the yacht crashed into a tanker in the Bahamas in 2021 are taking legal action against the owner of the yacht Lauren ridinger as she or her comp the company that owns it through her is refusing to pay allegedly refusing to pay wages for the crew hospital bills for those who were injured in the accident and this suing under the Jones act uh this is the preliminary statement from that lawsuit it says this is an action for Jones act negligence unsea waviness and unpaid maintenance and cure brought by the plaintiff moot Utopia 4 the plaintiff seeks a trial by jury to recover the amounts due for Jones act negligence unseaworthiness and maintenance and cure consequ iial damages attorney fees and costs and punitive damages now he that's a that um lawsuit is brought by one person but there are seven people all who all filed at the same time and I believe I haven't been able to confirm it yet but I believe that that court case in September will be all seven of them at once and we'll bring you more on that story in the future video all right we're going to move on to Friday y spot now we've got a few yachs here Mo mot yach ey Dynasty this is laid up in Malaga I believe it's a 100 m or 328 ft super yot built by Peters worth in Germany in 2015 now the yacht can carry 22 guests in 15 cabins and has a crew of 30 it's valued at around $200 million and the yacht is a 4 and a half thousand gross ton yacht so it's very uh voluminous um The Yacht was owned by Kazakhstan businessman uh Al aljan Abra abramof according to superat fan until his death in 2021 currently current ownership is unknown we'll move on to another yacht this was spotted in kfu and it was sent in by a subscriber who referred to himself as simply Elliot as an unknown yacht uh can you tell what it is yet if you said moat Aviva then give yourself a pat on the back now Aviva is owned by the British billionaire Joe Lewis he is uh also he also owns Tottenham football club now the Y was built in 2017 and replaced his old yacht also named theiva which was a 68 M vessel this vessel was built by abing and rasmason and it has a gross tonnage of 5,000 the yacht has a paddle tennis court right in the middle as Mr Lewis likes to play I'm sure he still wants still wants to play he is 87 years old now he used to play tennis whilst on board with the crew um he's very passionate about playing that game all right guys remember to check out our patreon page at patreon.com man if you want to support the channel this is a great way to do it we've posted some videos on the Del topic from last week and we've also got some behind the scenes footage and various uh Patron chat videos uh if you've got any information for us about any of the stories please be sure to get in touch you can get us in the ticker tape address there you can get us on the about page of the YouTube channel you can get us on Instagram on Facebook Messenger on Twitter and on threema be sure to like this video very important for the algorithm hit the Subscribe button hit the Bell for future notifications all right guys thanks very much for watching and whatever you're doing this weekend whether you're working or having the weekend off I hope you have a great one all right guys thanks very much and I'll catch you pretty soon bye-bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @maharlikan2219 [1 likes]: Damn thats big 😎
  2. @BillyYobboTee: You would be an idiot to not minimise your taxes.
  3. @jerrycallender9352: The vessel 'purchased' by the Orange Turd was REPOSSESSED for NON-PAYMENT of the loan.
  4. @jerrycallender9352: In April, 2024, ANN WALTON purchased her FOURTH mega yacht for $450,000,000 and the 8-year-old vessel was sent to a Turkish yacht yard to begin a $100,000,000 18-month 'refit', 
to join her fleet of three other mega yachts - ALL registered in the Caymen Islands in order to avoid paying support to the Nation that enabled her family to amass vast wealth.
  5. @hoodatdondar2664: 🇲🇭I have registered my comment section in the Marshall Islands 🇲🇭
  6. @louisavondart9178: Taxes are why most yachties fly any flag except the USA and UK. Being patriotic is very expensive.
  7. @25kmgb: You always take the time to accurately present the facts- thank you
  8. @Asklu1: It is a sport to dodging taxes for rich people. They are paying the least.
  9. @misaghkhosravi4541: IMPERIAL FLAG 🤔 A NEW TYPE OF DESIGN
  10. @franciskirkpatrick2534: Zuckerberg tax evasion, American people need to boycott him
  11. @cut2way: Americans have avoided flying their flag outside US waters for decades. Canadian flags are the go to camouflage. US ground tourists wear Maple Leaf pins while traveling in Europe. It’s not about avoiding taxes etc,  it’s fear for the most part.
  12. @larrysorenson4789: True colors. He has no interest in countries. He is mister world. Stop using facebook and anything associated with this antiAmerican maniac.
  13. @wesleyferguson6932: There are many different things that go into the registry of boats of various types and sizes.  He should be able to register his yatch in any country he wants to.  It's his money.
  14. @michaelwalters3970: Are you not supposed to fly the flag of the port you are in along side the country of registration?
  15. @redeyedmongoose2963: How do you think these rich, a holes get rich, dodging everything they can….
  16. @Bob-mn7ob: So he does what every cruise line corporation does.  Wow, a real shocker.
  17. @evilzarmy1: What a surprise he always has been a creep and he will be till we throw him out of our country
  18. @calvinkeele9317: Thats why we have homelessness this flow money to individual that have no conscience just they think they hiee the he only one and thats why smething has to be done or will contine to be out of balance
  19. @EamonnSeoigh: So, if you buy a yacht over 300 gross tons, don’t register it under a U.S. flag. As for cargo under a U.S. flag, that cargo restriction should be for commercial profit. The same is true for private aircraft: people can’t flip flop back and forth between commercial and private use.
  20. @lc285: Ridiculous one couldn't use their own super yacht to haul cargo within U. S.  CA- Hawaii as example.

- New luxury tax could slow boat sales: Kind: captions Language: en the budget bill also includes a luxury tax which applies to items like pricey boats local marina say that tax is bad for an industry that is already struggling our team coverage continues with news they've seemed to tell who's on the scene in Norwich here at there's marine they sell between 100 and 150 boats a year now only a few of them actually reached that luxury tax level it's a tough sale for these guys and they say this new tax will make it even tougher Richie Thayer is the third generation of the Thayer family to sell boats along Norwich his waterfront he has been an outspoken advocate against the luxury tax which if approved would put a seven percent tax on boats selling for more than one hundred thousand dollars it's going to be very detrimental to the business with sales as they are already in the economy being down that whole tier has kind of fallen off and now to add a little extra burden on top of it I don't think that's going to be a very good idea many say it could sink those high-end sales for a marine industry already struggling to stay afloat I'm glad to see it's not going to completely affect me but it will deter those couple of big sales that I do have annually and I'm afraid of that the budget proposal however does not take away trade in differential on sales tax nor does it take away exemptions for winter storage repair or maintenance for their foe the perception of rough waters for his industry has quickly become reality whether it's true or not the hearsay and the worry that people are experiencing is already we're seeing the negative effects because this budget continues to allow exemptions for things like repairs some say it doesn't hit this industry as hard as first thought on the scene in Norwich tinted to tell News 8

  Top Comments:
  1. @edwardguillen1698: Don't buy a boat I wish I didn't iPad luxury tax at $250 a year plus the tags

- Can you write off a yacht? Here's what the IRS says: Kind: captions Language: en How many clients have you counseled on buying a&nbsp; boat over the last few years? Over a hundred. Can&nbsp;&nbsp; a boat in a guaranteed income program qualify&nbsp; for tax advantages? It depends. And what is&nbsp;&nbsp; the most common profession that you see as your&nbsp; clientele at Tideline? New retirees or pilots. Hello everyone and welcome back to Full&nbsp; Displacement, the podcast by Current Yachts.&nbsp;&nbsp; We are here today to talk again about tax planning&nbsp; and smart boat buying. I'd like to introduce you&nbsp;&nbsp; to Tideline. And our guests today are business&nbsp; consultants, experts that specialize in boat&nbsp;&nbsp; and yaw acquisition with, as they call it, focus&nbsp; on integrating tax efficient strategies. So what&nbsp;&nbsp; does that mean and what does that look like? That&nbsp; is what we're going to discover today with Doug&nbsp;&nbsp; and Joe. Doug and Joe, welcome to the show. How&nbsp; are you? Hi Maryline. Thanks for having us. Good&nbsp;&nbsp; morning. Good morning. Doing great. Happy to be&nbsp; here. So let's start with Doug then. You are a&nbsp;&nbsp; licensed CPA and you practice nationwide, right?&nbsp; You counsel clients all over the country. Tell&nbsp;&nbsp; me a little bit about the specialty that you&nbsp; offer to your clients. Sure. So, we um we're&nbsp;&nbsp; small business focused. Uh and typically our&nbsp; specialization is US tax law. We also work with&nbsp;&nbsp; boat owners. Boat owners with boats in a charter&nbsp; program are small businesses and that's our bread&nbsp;&nbsp; and butter. That's where we live. And are you a&nbsp; boater yourself, Doug? Are you a catamaran owner&nbsp;&nbsp; somewhere in BVI or that's not you? I'm not a&nbsp; catamaran owner in a BVI yet. I will tell you&nbsp;&nbsp; that I grew up with a ski boat Mastercraft and I&nbsp; wasn't allowed to wakeboard. Why is that? Well,&nbsp;&nbsp; my grandfather... it was a ski boat. So, it was&nbsp; like, you know, it's it's got very little draft.&nbsp;&nbsp; And when wakeboarding became popular, they wanted&nbsp; to put these sacks of water in the back of the ski&nbsp;&nbsp; boat so that the wake would be bigger and you&nbsp; could have bigger jumps. And my grandfather was&nbsp;&nbsp; like, "We're not doing that." Gotcha. Yeah. You&nbsp; were trying to trick the wake to make it work for&nbsp;&nbsp; for your purpose. Correct. Don't they actually&nbsp; make those things that stick on the side that&nbsp;&nbsp; actually do build flaps that go down? They've got&nbsp; I've had friends that put 80 lb bags of concrete&nbsp;&nbsp; in the back of their boat. Like anything. So&nbsp; I want to know did your family end up buying&nbsp;&nbsp; a wakeboard boat properly or No. No. No. We stuck&nbsp; with a ski boat like just old school slalom ski.&nbsp;&nbsp; I had dreams of Callaway Gardens. They have like&nbsp; a professional slalom team. Yeah, they do. Let me&nbsp;&nbsp; introduce you to Joe McKinley next. And Joe is a&nbsp; fiduciary licensed registered investment adviser.&nbsp;&nbsp; And that's important because not all advisers have&nbsp; that fiduciary responsibility. Joe, tell us about&nbsp;&nbsp; you and your boating background as well. Yeah,&nbsp; so I'm an investment adviser. We specifically&nbsp;&nbsp; work with clients who generally are looking for&nbsp; tax strategies in the asset management space. Um,&nbsp;&nbsp; and boats is a great asset that provides a lot of&nbsp; tax advantages, but we work in this fiduciary kind&nbsp;&nbsp; of financial planning and portfolio allocation&nbsp; and retirement planning. And so between Doug and&nbsp;&nbsp; the tax compliance side and kind of the asset&nbsp; management side, we we have a great team. When&nbsp;&nbsp; it comes to boating, I was allowed to wakeboard.&nbsp; So that was was my boating experience growing up.&nbsp;&nbsp; I was fortunate enough to live very close to the&nbsp; beach, so I like to surf. Was always in the water,&nbsp;&nbsp; paddle boarding and everything. I'm not sure if&nbsp; sailing is in my future, but I feel like sometimes&nbsp;&nbsp; it's nice to know that your advisor on the&nbsp; financial side is not necessarily a huge boating&nbsp;&nbsp; fan because we're probably going to shoot you&nbsp; straight. We're not going to tell you which boat&nbsp;&nbsp; to buy because we simply don't know enough about&nbsp; sailboats to provide that advice. That's why we&nbsp;&nbsp; partner with you guys because that is your bread&nbsp; and butter and you're the experts in that field.&nbsp;&nbsp; Be careful. Before the end of this episode, Amanda&nbsp; will have you booked on a charter in Belize. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; stand by. That might be true. I I think the real&nbsp; reason is uh I'm going to love it too much and&nbsp;&nbsp; it is going to send my life on a trajectory that&nbsp; maybe is not in the plan. Well, with Starlink now,&nbsp;&nbsp; you can actually work from your boat. So, it is&nbsp; possible. That's it. You're leaving money on the&nbsp;&nbsp; table if you're working in an office. Yeah,&nbsp; true. So, as we have come to realize working&nbsp;&nbsp; with Tideline and with the many clients that we've&nbsp; served, you have this specialty for yacht and boat&nbsp;&nbsp; acquisition. You also want to make sure that your&nbsp; clients structure this business properly and that&nbsp;&nbsp; your tax benefits are legitimate. Super important.&nbsp; We're not trying to find loopholes and things&nbsp;&nbsp; that aren't there to begin with. They have to be&nbsp; absolutely compliant with the IRS uh regulations.&nbsp;&nbsp; So, the big question that everybody's got on their&nbsp; mind is, can I actually write off my yacht if I&nbsp;&nbsp; put it in charter? It depends. It It's important&nbsp; to structure the deal correctly, but if you've&nbsp;&nbsp; got a legitimate small business, which could be&nbsp; a charter boat, and you have a profit motive,&nbsp;&nbsp; this stands up scrutiny under the IRS. That's&nbsp; great. And what constitutes a profit motive?&nbsp;&nbsp; We walk through this from start to finish. It&nbsp; typically starts with tax planning and cash&nbsp;&nbsp; flow planning. And we're going to build a business&nbsp; plan eventually, but we want to document how we're&nbsp;&nbsp; going to make money before we buy the boat. If&nbsp; you buy the boat and don't do any of this stuff,&nbsp;&nbsp; the risk is the IRS comes back and says, "Hey,&nbsp; you just bought a boat and wrote it off. Did&nbsp;&nbsp; you do any planning? Did you build a website? Did&nbsp; you set up the right LLC? Did you do tax filings?&nbsp;&nbsp; Did you have an accounting system? Understood.&nbsp; So, there are some key compliance things that&nbsp;&nbsp; need to happen. Can you walk us through what&nbsp; those are, especially to qualify for, say,&nbsp;&nbsp; bonus depreciation? Sure. What are the key things&nbsp; that need to be addressed? Bonus depreciation is&nbsp;&nbsp; the goal. And more specifically, we want active&nbsp; losses from bonus depreciation. What does active&nbsp;&nbsp; mean? Well, the IRS has defined it as a materially&nbsp; participating partner. You are actively involved&nbsp;&nbsp; in the management of the business. And there's one&nbsp; piece that's really important. You have risk. If&nbsp;&nbsp; there was no risk in the situation, it's not a&nbsp; real loss. It can't go to offset your W2 or your&nbsp;&nbsp; 1099 income, your K1 income. We want there to be&nbsp; risk to the owner, which there typically would&nbsp;&nbsp; be when you put a boat into charter. And we want&nbsp; you to document your time and your participation.&nbsp;&nbsp; So, let's pause right here for a second because&nbsp; we've heard of programs that offered guaranteed&nbsp;&nbsp; income and depending on where you look and&nbsp; whom you ask, you'll have different answers&nbsp;&nbsp; as to whether or not this constitute a active&nbsp; participation uh structure. Is that a no-go for&nbsp;&nbsp; you as soon as the income is guaranteed or can you&nbsp; qualify this for us? It's not a no-go from my end.&nbsp;&nbsp; So guaranteed income is a term. Our our first stop&nbsp; when we look at guaranteed income is is it really&nbsp;&nbsp; guaranteed? Guaranteed by who? Guaranteed by the&nbsp; charter company, guaranteed by the US government&nbsp;&nbsp; as bonds. Two different things. Um I'll say the&nbsp; more important piece with guaranteed income is are&nbsp;&nbsp; you actively participating? Are you still involved&nbsp; in the management of this business? It would be&nbsp;&nbsp; great to get a five to 8% return guaranteed, but&nbsp; can we also document that you are participating in&nbsp;&nbsp; the management of the business? If the charter&nbsp; broker's doing everything and you're not even&nbsp;&nbsp; allowed to step foot on your boat in a guaranteed&nbsp; income program, I would say the battle with the&nbsp;&nbsp; IRS if we were audited would be uphill. That's&nbsp; a fair statement. And I would I would say that&nbsp;&nbsp; at times, and this is how Doug puts it, we're not&nbsp; necessarily here to tell you yes or no, we're here&nbsp;&nbsp; to point at the lines in the sand in our opinion&nbsp; because law and court cases and IRS audits can go&nbsp;&nbsp; different ways. Maybe not based on what's written&nbsp; down, but based on who you're arguing with, what's&nbsp;&nbsp; the mood of the agent that day? what's the mood of&nbsp; the judge that day? And so we're, you know, Doug&nbsp;&nbsp; does a really good job of painting the opinion&nbsp; and helping try to explain the risk as it as it&nbsp;&nbsp; exists and as we view it. But he does not tell you&nbsp; whether or not, you know, if you want to take that&nbsp;&nbsp; risk, that's a whole different conversation. It's&nbsp; not our job to determine what your appetite for&nbsp;&nbsp; risk is. It's our job to show you where the risks&nbsp; and rewards exist. You determine where you want to&nbsp;&nbsp; live. In a way, it's very similar to our jobs as&nbsp; yacht brokers because when Amanda takes a client&nbsp;&nbsp; through a survey, they will discover things that&nbsp; were perhaps unexpected. And it's up to that buyer&nbsp;&nbsp; to then determine, am I wanting and willing to&nbsp; deal with this? And we're just here to guide. And&nbsp;&nbsp; it's up to the buyer to decide, yes, I will take&nbsp; on this project and I will offer a lower offer.&nbsp;&nbsp; Right. Amanda, you want to speak to that for a&nbsp; second? Absolutely. That's a perfect example of&nbsp;&nbsp; of risk. Same when it comes to choosing what kind&nbsp; of boat they want to get into. One may say, hey,&nbsp;&nbsp; well, a power cat won't hold its value as long as&nbsp; a sail cat, but that could change in the way the&nbsp;&nbsp; market is structured. It just really depends. And&nbsp; there is always risk when we are playing in this&nbsp;&nbsp; type of business with a asset that is you know&nbsp; floating and depreciating rapidly generally have&nbsp;&nbsp; to say this it's true this is true that you have&nbsp; to go in eyes wide open on these understandings.&nbsp;&nbsp; Okay so back then to the compliance components&nbsp; what was next on our list. So you say Doug that&nbsp;&nbsp; bonus depreciation is the goal. Is section 179&nbsp; still a thing? Are people still qualifying under&nbsp;&nbsp; that? Section 179 is a thing. The trouble comes&nbsp; when you look at the laws behind section 179.&nbsp;&nbsp; The rules say that it cannot create a loss inside&nbsp; of the activity that produces it. So let's say we&nbsp;&nbsp; go out and buy a boat. We use section 179. We&nbsp; have $100,000 of revenue. Section 179 can only&nbsp;&nbsp; take us to zero. Our goal is bonus depreciation,&nbsp; which is back with the one big beautiful bill back&nbsp;&nbsp; to 100% of the purchase price of the boat. We want&nbsp; a deduction for 100% of the purchase price of the&nbsp;&nbsp; boat in the year that we buy it. And we want&nbsp; those losses to offset ordinary income. Bonus&nbsp;&nbsp; depreciation section 168 is much better than&nbsp; section 179, but everybody talks 179. 179. I&nbsp;&nbsp; hear you. Okay. So, it it's good to understand the&nbsp; terms behind each one of these. And and correct me&nbsp;&nbsp; if I'm wrong, bonus depreciation you can actually&nbsp; take over a series of years. Correct. It's&nbsp;&nbsp; possible to spread the bonus depreciation out over&nbsp; a few years. Okay. And in section 179, it has to&nbsp;&nbsp; be all done in one year. Correct. It's an election&nbsp; that you take in the first year, but keep in mind,&nbsp;&nbsp; you can only go down to net income of zero in that&nbsp; business activity, right? Okay. bonus depreciation&nbsp;&nbsp; by a million dollar boat. Take a million dollars&nbsp; of bonus depreciation, a million dollar loss comes&nbsp;&nbsp; to your personal tax return to offset all other&nbsp; types of income. Yeah. Okay. Understood. Because&nbsp;&nbsp; we're in Florida and we don't have a state income&nbsp; tax in Florida, our default is bonus depreciation&nbsp;&nbsp; for any business. Sometimes if you're in a state&nbsp; that doesn't allow bonus depreciation, we will&nbsp;&nbsp; choose section 179 over the bonus depreciation.&nbsp; Specifically, if you're selling your old boat and&nbsp;&nbsp; buying a new boat, the 179 can act as an offset,&nbsp; similar to a like-kind exchange, except you have&nbsp;&nbsp; two transactions. You have a gain from sale and&nbsp; you have new section 179 depreciation inside of&nbsp;&nbsp; the same activity. They offset each other. Okay,&nbsp; understood. Thank you. from maybe any real estate&nbsp;&nbsp; professionals who are who are watching this&nbsp; and the way I think about it as a investment&nbsp;&nbsp; professional is 1031 exchanges which is allowing&nbsp; the sale of an investment property to take those&nbsp;&nbsp; proceeds without paying the tax on the gain and&nbsp; moving those proceeds into a like-kind property&nbsp;&nbsp; using the 1031 exchange laws and rules allows&nbsp; you to defer that tax consequence inevitably.&nbsp;&nbsp; hopefully until death if you can. With the boat,&nbsp; it's the same outcome. You're selling a boat,&nbsp;&nbsp; there's going to be some sort of recapture.&nbsp; If you depreciated the boat, there's going to&nbsp;&nbsp; be some sort of tax consequence on the sale. And&nbsp; by buying, if your goal is to get the next boat,&nbsp;&nbsp; the next, you know, your your life is upgraded,&nbsp; you're ready to upgrade the boat, you're in a&nbsp;&nbsp; position to buy it, you can buy that boat in the&nbsp; same year that you sold your previous one. And the&nbsp;&nbsp; 179 almost makes it identical to a 1031, but it&nbsp; is two separate transactions with a very similar&nbsp;&nbsp; outcome. Historically, you could do a like-kind&nbsp; exchange with assets like a boat, but the IRS came&nbsp;&nbsp; back and further further defined that like-kind&nbsp; exchanges section 1031 can only be done with real&nbsp;&nbsp; property. Real property. It is still possible&nbsp; to get the same effect of a like-kind exchange,&nbsp;&nbsp; but on our end on the tax side, it's two&nbsp; transactions. It's a sale and a purchase. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; what are some of the most essential business&nbsp; documentation and operations that our listeners&nbsp;&nbsp; should be aware of? Thank you. So, from our&nbsp; standpoint as the experts, we and we have a full&nbsp;&nbsp; network of attorneys, other CPAs, maritime folks.&nbsp; We want there to be a formal operating agreement&nbsp;&nbsp; for the business. We want the partners involved to&nbsp; have a document that allows for asset protection.&nbsp;&nbsp; This becomes increasingly important when you&nbsp; have a $2 million boat that was paid for with&nbsp;&nbsp; cash. Husband and wife, married couple buys the&nbsp; boat. We want an operating agreement that says,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Hey, if this person gets sued, the other&nbsp; partner can buy out the partner being sued."&nbsp;&nbsp; It works really well because Florida is not&nbsp; a community property state. Husband and wife,&nbsp;&nbsp; spouse and spouse can be separate people&nbsp; inside of a business. So that's a level&nbsp;&nbsp; of protection. Sure. That's almost specifically&nbsp; asset protection, but like you mentioned earlier,&nbsp;&nbsp; you've got an expensive rubber ducky floating&nbsp; around the ocean with saltwater. There's al&nbsp;&nbsp; you've got credit card captains that are going&nbsp; to potentially borrow your boat and run it on&nbsp;&nbsp; a reef. We want all of these protections. It's&nbsp; easier to build the protection den from the front&nbsp;&nbsp; end than to try and recoup after someone breaks or&nbsp; burns your boat up. The second piece we mentioned&nbsp;&nbsp; earlier is the business. Typically, the business&nbsp; plan is the ultimate product that starts where&nbsp;&nbsp; Joe and I sit down with a client and specifically&nbsp; look at these are the tax implications of buying&nbsp;&nbsp; my boat. You know what boat you want. You know&nbsp; what purchase price it is. We build a full&nbsp;&nbsp; financial and tax plan that will show you just&nbsp; how cash flow-wise and tax-wise this boat is going&nbsp;&nbsp; to happen. All of this work in the business&nbsp; plan has been done on the front end to argue&nbsp;&nbsp; that we do have a profit motive. We know we can&nbsp; make money. We know we want 20 charters a year,&nbsp;&nbsp; X dollars per week of charter. We know the boat&nbsp; insurance cost X. We know that dockage, moing,&nbsp;&nbsp; all of these other ancillary things cost money. We&nbsp; want to be able to prove from the front end with a&nbsp;&nbsp; document, the business plan, that we think we can&nbsp; make money and here's how we're going to do it.&nbsp;&nbsp; And this is a living, breathing document. We have&nbsp; plenty of clients that have come back and said,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Hey, we want to update the business plan.&nbsp; We're buying a new boat. It's a six cabin,&nbsp;&nbsp; not a five cabin." Um, we're moving from the&nbsp; BVI to Bahamas or BISE. We have this happen all&nbsp;&nbsp; the time. It's a living document. That's part of&nbsp; documenting your participation in the business.&nbsp;&nbsp; Hey, we're making managerial decisions that are&nbsp; the best for us. Maybe you want to move the boat.&nbsp;&nbsp; Maybe you think somewhere will make the boat will&nbsp; make better money. Question uh on this, Doug,&nbsp;&nbsp; then a lot of the time our clients will receive&nbsp; perform operator or charter management company&nbsp;&nbsp; that they're considering. Do you weigh in on that&nbsp; at all? Um because you have the chance to compare&nbsp;&nbsp; different programs. you are in a unique position&nbsp; a little bit like we are but then the numbers&nbsp;&nbsp; are way more important and they can feed directly&nbsp; into that business plan. So can you speak to that?&nbsp;&nbsp; Sure. So our business plan does have a foundation.&nbsp; The foundation of the business plan is typically&nbsp;&nbsp; a charter broker's performer. Not necessarily&nbsp; the folks selling you the boat, but the people&nbsp;&nbsp; managing your the charter boats in fleet. They are&nbsp; the experts on how many weeks a year your boat can&nbsp;&nbsp; be rented. And we don't necessarily advise one way&nbsp; or the other. We have an idea of base level. This&nbsp;&nbsp; is how many, but we don't advise specifically on&nbsp; the proforma. We do want to see it. And just to&nbsp;&nbsp; add to that, with our prior knowledge, because&nbsp; we've seen many different results for types of&nbsp;&nbsp; boats, different charter companies, what we do is&nbsp; really set a range when we're doing an analysis&nbsp;&nbsp; because, as you guys know, every year is different&nbsp; with charter demand, with what's going on in the&nbsp;&nbsp; economy. that the idea that you're going to hit&nbsp; a single-digit or double-digit percent return net&nbsp;&nbsp; of everything every year on a straight line. It&nbsp; it's not true. And so we make sure that we bring&nbsp;&nbsp; in some of that knowledge and and communicate that&nbsp; and start to say, hey, there may be a bad year and&nbsp;&nbsp; you you know, maybe it's on this low end of the&nbsp; range and that's how that year looks versus maybe&nbsp;&nbsp; it's a high year. so that we can we can paint&nbsp; realistic scenarios. Okay, that is a very fair&nbsp;&nbsp; assessment and assumption. You know, I know for&nbsp; a fact that in 2022 and 2023 performers looked&nbsp;&nbsp; a lot better than they look today and people&nbsp; made decisions based on those performers. And I&nbsp;&nbsp; think as we've gone along now, it's 2026 and we're&nbsp; coming off the high of that COVID boom and bust.&nbsp;&nbsp; People are now seeing a more realistic perform uh&nbsp; hopefully being painted. Yeah. And our our tagline&nbsp;&nbsp; and something we make sure to tell every client,&nbsp; especially as fiduciaries and advisers on assets&nbsp;&nbsp; is this is the most affordable way to own this&nbsp; type of asset. It is not necessarily a function&nbsp;&nbsp; of a retirement plan, right? With reliable cash&nbsp; flow. And so you have to make sure that you are&nbsp;&nbsp; wide open looking at the asset and the real risks&nbsp; involved from a business standpoint. What is this&nbsp;&nbsp; business going to earn me on a good year and on&nbsp; a bad year? Yeah. We are always the first ones to&nbsp;&nbsp; tell people that it is a lifestyle investment.&nbsp; Yes. and look to offset your cost of ownership&nbsp;&nbsp; by putting the boat into charter and not so&nbsp; much going into it with a desire that this&nbsp;&nbsp; asset and this business that you've started will&nbsp; be super profitable for you. That's really just&nbsp;&nbsp; the reality. We can build this boat into your&nbsp; retirement plan elegantly, perfectly, but it is&nbsp;&nbsp; not necessarily the retirement plan itself. It's&nbsp; not the foundation. So, what else, Doug, do we&nbsp;&nbsp; need to be uh on the lookout for? uh for proper&nbsp; planning and business documentation. We started&nbsp;&nbsp; with the operating agreement. We talked about the&nbsp; business plan. What else? Our opinion is that your&nbsp;&nbsp; boat should be able to stand on its own without&nbsp; the charter broker. Most of the charter brokers&nbsp;&nbsp; will allow for owners weeks where you can rent&nbsp; your own boat. Some of them even offer a discount&nbsp;&nbsp; or an extra commission back to the boat owner for&nbsp; bringing your own your own charter guest. Okay.&nbsp;&nbsp; We think you should have some sort of marketing&nbsp; presence other than the charter broker. Well,&nbsp;&nbsp; maybe it's a website, maybe it's Facebook, maybe&nbsp; you take pictures when you're on the boat and you&nbsp;&nbsp; just post them to Facebook under a separate social&nbsp; media page. But if somebody wanted to come to boat&nbsp;&nbsp; owner number two and say, "Hey, I would like to&nbsp; rent your boat. I love the pictures I'm seeing&nbsp;&nbsp; on Facebook." You should rent it to them. This&nbsp; helps bolster our argument that you're actively&nbsp;&nbsp; participating in the business. Okay, that's&nbsp; a good one. Any regular business would have&nbsp;&nbsp; accounting and record-keeping. This is easy.&nbsp; We can do it. That's my world that I live in.&nbsp;&nbsp; Small business accounting and tax. Your business,&nbsp; your charter business should have a QuickBooks&nbsp;&nbsp; or a spreadsheet and you should be tracking&nbsp; income and expenses. If it was a real business,&nbsp;&nbsp; you would. If you're just dumping cash into it&nbsp; every month and the boat never makes any money,&nbsp;&nbsp; you might not care about the accounting records.&nbsp; We do. We want to check one more box to the IRS&nbsp;&nbsp; that we're operating this business legitimate.&nbsp; We we're watching the bank account. We have a&nbsp;&nbsp; credit card. It's set up for the LLC as an EIN&nbsp; number. We have QuickBooks. We're running monthly&nbsp;&nbsp; financials. We are monitoring the performance&nbsp; of our asset. Okay. Very good. So, naturally,&nbsp;&nbsp; this takes us to the next question, which is&nbsp; for that particular business form. Uh what the&nbsp;&nbsp; what entity formation is most common? What do your&nbsp; clients typically use? The most common entity that&nbsp;&nbsp; we prescribe is a multimember LLC. By default at&nbsp; the IRS, a multi-member LLC is a partnership. One&nbsp;&nbsp; of the benefits is the debt that you place on the&nbsp; boat that you're personally guaranteeing allows&nbsp;&nbsp; you to take the losses. It's what gives you basis&nbsp; in the business. The debt gives you risk. The risk&nbsp;&nbsp; allows you to take losses against the debt.&nbsp; If a multimember LLC is not possible, if it's&nbsp;&nbsp; just one person, we can also choose to be an SC&nbsp; corporation, which is a pass through entity. That&nbsp;&nbsp; pass through entity SC corp will also satisfy part&nbsp; of our audit deflection. If we put this business&nbsp;&nbsp; directly on your 1040 on your individual tax&nbsp; return, the IRS only has to go one place to audit&nbsp;&nbsp; it. If we set up a pass through entity such as&nbsp; a partnership or an S corporation, we've added a&nbsp;&nbsp; layer of complexity that frankly at this point the&nbsp; IRS just doesn't have the ability to. So I have a&nbsp;&nbsp; follow-up question from what we discussed earlier.&nbsp; You know, obviously IRS scrutiny is on everyone's&nbsp;&nbsp; mind. Whatever you're doing that may not be&nbsp; kind of the bread and butter of every taxpayer,&nbsp;&nbsp; you want to ensure that you know what you're doing&nbsp; and if you are raising red flags with the IRS&nbsp;&nbsp; that you can navigate them smoothly. So, have you&nbsp; dealt with any audits from your clients based on&nbsp;&nbsp; these strategies? And can you speak to what you've&nbsp; learned if so? Yes. So, defending the IRS against&nbsp;&nbsp; an audit. We have had one client that had trouble&nbsp; with the IRS that we inherited from someone else&nbsp;&nbsp; who had set up the business. Okay, that's getting&nbsp; interesting. Yes. Individual put the boat to&nbsp;&nbsp; charter business directly on his individual tax&nbsp; return and the IRS said, "Hold up. we're not&nbsp;&nbsp; giving you this big refund. This depreciation's&nbsp; not real. You're not really operating a business.&nbsp;&nbsp; So, we have dealt with the IRS and we have&nbsp; succeeded for the client, but we have not&nbsp;&nbsp; experienced any IRS trouble with the method that&nbsp; we prescribe. And there are other cases that&nbsp;&nbsp; Amanda and I have come to to learn about uh over&nbsp; the years. Have you looked into those to also make&nbsp;&nbsp; sure that your strategy and approach is safer&nbsp; than most? Sure, we did. When Joe and I first&nbsp;&nbsp; connected, Joe had a client that wanted to buy&nbsp; a boat. Joe said, "Hey, Doug, do you know how to&nbsp;&nbsp; write off a boat?" Writing off a boat used to be&nbsp; pretty easy. They changed it in the Tax Cuts and&nbsp;&nbsp; Jobs Act that made it more difficult. But there&nbsp; are plenty of court cases where people buy boats&nbsp;&nbsp; and those boats are run as businesses. They're&nbsp; chartered out and the owner of the boat gets a tax&nbsp;&nbsp; deduction very similar to a bulldozer. You could&nbsp; go buy a bulldozer and use bonus depreciation.&nbsp;&nbsp; Put that bulldozer to work on a daily basis and&nbsp; that's a business. Same thing exists here with a&nbsp;&nbsp; boat. It's documenting your participation. It's&nbsp; being thoughtful in your decisions. All of these&nbsp;&nbsp; pieces feed into minimizing audit risk. Joe,&nbsp; the next question is for you and your role. It&nbsp;&nbsp; goes just beyond tax compliance. Can you tell us&nbsp; more about how you are part of the tidelines team?&nbsp;&nbsp; Yeah. So, generally we run into two types of&nbsp; clients or people who are going to fall into&nbsp;&nbsp; two camps. The first being they are really&nbsp; solely focused on the compliance. So, hey,&nbsp;&nbsp; I maybe they have a team or maybe they just want&nbsp; to make sure that they're working with individuals&nbsp;&nbsp; like Doug on specific tax compliance and that's&nbsp; all they want to talk about and that's all they&nbsp;&nbsp; want to know. They want to make sure that that is&nbsp; squared away and they stop there. There the second&nbsp;&nbsp; camp a lot of people who are looking to have more&nbsp; holistic financial planning involved with the&nbsp;&nbsp; asset purchase and that leads into kind of bigger&nbsp; questions about where should I you know draw the&nbsp;&nbsp; money to pay for this? Should I take a loan?&nbsp; How does this affect my financial plan? Is this&nbsp;&nbsp; going to impact my retirement? Doug and I working&nbsp; together, we're able to zoom out and look at the&nbsp;&nbsp; big picture and provide enhanced strategies that&nbsp; the boat complements um and make sure that the the&nbsp;&nbsp; client is staying on the course they want to be on&nbsp; financially um not just for the next three years&nbsp;&nbsp; but for the next 30 or 40 years. So this includes&nbsp; funding sources. What are some of those creative&nbsp;&nbsp; funding sources that you recommend? Yeah. So,&nbsp; there there's multiple options when it comes to&nbsp;&nbsp; buying the boat. I mean, some individuals can just&nbsp; pay for it in cash. Some put down a down payment&nbsp;&nbsp; and can borrow from a maritime lender, which there&nbsp; are a handful of them that exist. Some of them may&nbsp;&nbsp; borrow from a a home using a HELOC if they're&nbsp; real estate professionals. And some individuals&nbsp;&nbsp; are able to borrow from an after-tax brokerage&nbsp; account. Where we come into play is to really help&nbsp;&nbsp; weigh those options and decide based on again the&nbsp; big picture financial plan which one would make&nbsp;&nbsp; the most sense based on their risk tolerance based&nbsp; on their expectations of the future and based on&nbsp;&nbsp; how they want how long they want to keep the boat&nbsp; when they want to sell it if they eventually just&nbsp;&nbsp; want to own it themselves one day. But we really&nbsp; want to curate a funding strategy or a purchase&nbsp;&nbsp; strategy that matches with the client's unique&nbsp; needs and goals. So you basically take into&nbsp;&nbsp; consideration their retirement income, their&nbsp; desire for tax diversification, estate planning,&nbsp;&nbsp; and then how that all affects their long-term&nbsp; wealth strategy. Wrap it into one bundle and&nbsp;&nbsp; say you want this lifestyle. this is the best way&nbsp; financially for you to achieve this goal. Is is&nbsp;&nbsp; that correct? Exactly. And a big big thing we look&nbsp; at is liquidity as well. I'm going to I'll give an&nbsp;&nbsp; example real quick. We had a client in 2021. Um&nbsp; we'll call him Dan. And he purchased a beautiful&nbsp;&nbsp; I think it was like a Bali Bali 56. It was maybe&nbsp; like 1.6 1.7. And we worked with him. He was in a&nbsp;&nbsp; position where he was retired early and had a very&nbsp; robust aftert tax stock account. And so instead&nbsp;&nbsp; of him taking a loan from a bank, um, paying cash&nbsp; out of pocket, we borrowed from his stock account,&nbsp;&nbsp; opened up a a line of credit where the stock&nbsp; account was the collateral, which it provides&nbsp;&nbsp; him one of the lowest interest rates that exists&nbsp; in the marketplace to purchase the yacht. So now&nbsp;&nbsp; he owned the yacht and his stock account was still&nbsp; fully invested. He didn't have to sell assets or&nbsp;&nbsp; do anything to make that purchase. Fast forward&nbsp; to today, the S&P 500 since 2021 is up about a&nbsp;&nbsp; little under 100% since that purchase was made.&nbsp; And so because his money was still invested in a&nbsp;&nbsp; in a moderately aggressive allocation, you know,&nbsp; call it $2 million is now $4 million. And he's&nbsp;&nbsp; been paying interest, which Doug, I think, has&nbsp; been deducting um to some extent. And his outcome&nbsp;&nbsp; could not have been better. He owns the boat. He&nbsp; still owes money on the boat um because he has&nbsp;&nbsp; that he borrowed against his line of credit, but&nbsp; his assets have grown at 14% annualized returns&nbsp;&nbsp; and he is a wealthier guy because of it. That's&nbsp; the financing side. And then Doug, I don't know if&nbsp;&nbsp; you want to touch on what we were able to do with&nbsp; those losses that were generated by buying the&nbsp;&nbsp; boat. Sure. Thanks, Joe. Let let's call the client&nbsp; Dan like you did. Uh Dan's got the aftert tax stop&nbsp;&nbsp; stock portfolio. Dan's a single guy. He lives in&nbsp; California and we threaded the needle so tightly&nbsp;&nbsp; with excess business losses. Dan was able to pull&nbsp; money from a qualified retirement account, an IRA.&nbsp;&nbsp; We used a specific amount of depreciation every&nbsp; year from the boat, tax depreciation to offset his&nbsp;&nbsp; IRA distributions and keep him in a income level&nbsp; where marketplace insurance, Medicare insurance,&nbsp;&nbsp; you're not paying back a government subsidy and&nbsp; you're not being assessed a Medicare premium. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; we've got a guy with $4 million in a stock&nbsp; account. He's got an old retirement plan that&nbsp;&nbsp; we've gotten all the money out of. He maintained&nbsp; California health insurance with a subsidy and&nbsp;&nbsp; he's got a boat that basically paid for itself&nbsp; because his money was sitting in the stock market&nbsp;&nbsp; the whole time. Yeah. And so what that looked like&nbsp; is $1.6 million came out of a pre-tax account,&nbsp;&nbsp; an IRA into a Roth or a brokerage account, and he&nbsp; paid zero tax on that money leaving the retirement&nbsp;&nbsp; account along with the portfolio, you know,&nbsp; growing at the nice percentage rate that the&nbsp;&nbsp; market's given us over the last 5 years. It&nbsp; really was, it's kind of a a key example of&nbsp;&nbsp; some of the decisions and some of the risks&nbsp; he took led to this amazing outcome. That's&nbsp;&nbsp; a great example of something very outside of the&nbsp; box but had turned into a very great result. Now,&nbsp;&nbsp; some of these strategies are quite advanced&nbsp; and perhaps more reserved for people who have&nbsp;&nbsp; larger portfolios. Can you speak to the typical&nbsp; client profile that would take advantage of that&nbsp;&nbsp; particular example so we're not misleading anyone&nbsp; and then we'll probably kind of zero in on some&nbsp;&nbsp; other perhaps more common options that are still&nbsp; relevant and something you may assist with. I have&nbsp;&nbsp; a question on that but let's start with that one.&nbsp; Yeah, generally we see three or four different&nbsp;&nbsp; camps of buyers that that come and are are looking&nbsp; at implementing this charter strategy. The the&nbsp;&nbsp; first and kind of easiest one is is, hey, we just&nbsp; had a major liquidity event. Doesn't matter what&nbsp;&nbsp; age you are. You could be 30 and you just sold&nbsp; your tech company or you could be 65 and you&nbsp;&nbsp; could have sold the business you built over your&nbsp; whole life and now you have this massive influx&nbsp;&nbsp; of capital in one year with a massive tax bill and&nbsp; you're like what am I going to do now going to buy&nbsp;&nbsp; a boat and sail around the world right like that's&nbsp; that's the dream you made it and that's a pretty&nbsp;&nbsp; straightforward you know there's there's not a&nbsp; much risk management in that situation per se then&nbsp;&nbsp; there's the biggest camp which is more probably&nbsp; people in theirs or early 60s who are looking at&nbsp;&nbsp; retirement. They're they're they see it coming&nbsp; right around the corner and they love boating.&nbsp;&nbsp; They love sailing and they're looking for a way&nbsp; to get exposure to the industry and the lifestyle&nbsp;&nbsp; while they're still working. And then once they're&nbsp; done working, maybe have the boat there available&nbsp;&nbsp; and the practice having been done on sailing&nbsp; to make it a huge part of their retirement&nbsp;&nbsp; lifestyle. And that net worth kind of range or&nbsp; or asset range could be anywhere. It could be&nbsp;&nbsp; anywhere. The reality is it doesn't matter if&nbsp; you have 10 million, 20 million or 1 million or&nbsp;&nbsp; 2 million. You want to make sure that the plan to&nbsp; get to that dream lifestyle fits in your financial&nbsp;&nbsp; plan. And so that's a one we run into often. Doug,&nbsp; any What's another good one? High income earners.&nbsp;&nbsp; Another typical client of ours has a large W2.&nbsp; C-suite big company publicly traded half a million&nbsp;&nbsp; dollars on a W2, a million dollars on a W2, living&nbsp; in New York, paying out the rear end in taxes.&nbsp;&nbsp; They want to boat. They love to sail. They're&nbsp; still working full-time. It's like the best&nbsp;&nbsp; bang for the buck. The depreciation offsets just&nbsp; enough of their W2 income where that drops them&nbsp;&nbsp; from a 37% tax bracket down to a 35. We're saving&nbsp; 37 cents on the dollar with this boat purchase.&nbsp;&nbsp; The boat's basically on sale 37%. And the biggest&nbsp; thing with W2 earners, and they know this,&nbsp;&nbsp; there's not many levers to pull to lower your&nbsp; tax liability, right? Business owners get all&nbsp;&nbsp; the fun bells and whistles with ways that they&nbsp; can write things off and assets they can own,&nbsp;&nbsp; but W2 earners are really hamstrung on things that&nbsp; they can own and strategies they can implement to&nbsp;&nbsp; directly lower their adjusted gross income. Yeah.&nbsp; So, thank you for kind of clarifying who this&nbsp;&nbsp; may apply to. We run across a lot of clients&nbsp; who are getting ready to liquidate a company,&nbsp;&nbsp; sell a company, something of that nature. Can you&nbsp; come up with an example that you've helped with&nbsp;&nbsp; recently that could illustrate this point and&nbsp; and what that would look like from your end and&nbsp;&nbsp; how you advise clients in that situation? Yeah,&nbsp; absolutely. We had a uh client who sold a business&nbsp;&nbsp; was the largest liquidity event that they'll get&nbsp; in their life. Mhm. Immediately went and looked to&nbsp;&nbsp; buy boat which offset the capital gains and a lot&nbsp; of the ordinary income that they earned. and they&nbsp;&nbsp; were in a position where they hadn't worked with&nbsp; any professionals that were specifically looking&nbsp;&nbsp; at tax strategy versus just doing compliance work&nbsp; and just giving them a place to to put proceeds&nbsp;&nbsp; or put money. And so Doug and I were able to work&nbsp; together to not only help with the boat in that&nbsp;&nbsp; tax incentive, but work in another a couple&nbsp; of other spaces that we also specialize in,&nbsp;&nbsp; which include real estate and opportunity&nbsp; zones and energy to build out a portfolio&nbsp;&nbsp; that they could purchase that they could invest&nbsp; in that helped them defer and minimize a lot more&nbsp;&nbsp; than what just the boat could have done. And so it&nbsp; was a a really nice outcome. And I think you know&nbsp;&nbsp; when we do that zoom out when we start to look&nbsp; at things holistically and we see that somebody's&nbsp;&nbsp; a real estate professional they have a bunch of&nbsp; investment properties or own some own commercial&nbsp;&nbsp; real estate we're going to make sure we specialize&nbsp; in that as well. So, we're going to say, "Hey,&nbsp;&nbsp; is there any tax stuff that we can do here that&nbsp; you aren't already doing?" I think it's important&nbsp;&nbsp; that that from our end, we're looking at your&nbsp; entire picture. How old are you? What part of the&nbsp;&nbsp; life cycle are you in? Do you have kids at home?&nbsp; Do you have a retirement account? Can you access&nbsp;&nbsp; the retirement account? Are you still earning&nbsp; money? Where do you want to be in 10 years? How&nbsp;&nbsp; do we avoid the tax on the back end? Every dollar&nbsp; of tax minimized is dollars that you can put into&nbsp;&nbsp; the market and they can sit and grow for you. The&nbsp; opportunity cost is there. If we can save $400,000&nbsp;&nbsp; in a year with the IRS, that $400,000 can go to&nbsp; work. And perhaps Doug and Joe, you can speak&nbsp;&nbsp; to how you collaborate with existing advisors&nbsp; to clients that come to you because a lot of&nbsp;&nbsp; these people have already had a relationship with&nbsp; somebody they like and trust. Can you speak to how&nbsp;&nbsp; you collaborate? Sure. So, our our number one goal&nbsp; is to have a client for life and my clients tend&nbsp;&nbsp; to end up trusting me. But if you have a CPA or an&nbsp; adviser that you've built a relationship with and&nbsp;&nbsp; you trust, you should stick with that guy. That&nbsp; guy knows you. He knows your business. He knows&nbsp;&nbsp; your life. We're more than happy to come in and&nbsp; consult on the side. We're not in the business of&nbsp;&nbsp; making you break up with your CPA. Um, but we are&nbsp; the experts in this boat world and we think that&nbsp;&nbsp; your CPA is probably not as educated about boats&nbsp; specifically as we are. Okay, that's helpful. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; you're willing to do the K1 returns on the&nbsp; LLC that you set up and then give that over&nbsp;&nbsp; to the person's CPA who does all of their tax&nbsp; returns. Okay. We're more than we're more than&nbsp;&nbsp; happy to help from an allocation standpoint, LLC,&nbsp; legal setup, operating agreement, business plan,&nbsp;&nbsp; QuickBooks, and tax returns. We can produce a&nbsp; partnership for an S corporation tax return that&nbsp;&nbsp; spits out a K1. You give the K1 to your tax guy.&nbsp; He inputs it in your 1040 and goes, "Oh my gosh,&nbsp;&nbsp; you're getting a refund." Or, "Oh my gosh, we&nbsp; don't need to send a quarter million dollars&nbsp;&nbsp; to the IRS this year. Keep it in your pocket."&nbsp; That's great. Yeah. And I from my end it's it's&nbsp;&nbsp; very similar. If there are investment asset or&nbsp; planning strategies that we can provide that&nbsp;&nbsp; their current person doesn't, then we're happy to&nbsp; just provide that niche service that we are the&nbsp;&nbsp; experts in. And we're even happy to communicate or&nbsp; or have an understanding of what's going on with&nbsp;&nbsp; that advisor and what we're doing to make sure&nbsp; everything is copathetic. We want everybody's&nbsp;&nbsp; plan should have a a holistic uh movement towards&nbsp; its goal. Guys, this brings us to the question now&nbsp;&nbsp; that's on everyone's mind. How do we get started&nbsp; working with Tideline Solutions? I think the&nbsp;&nbsp; best way is a complimentary first conference&nbsp; call where we just kind of get to know you.&nbsp;&nbsp; We want to know what your situation is, what your&nbsp; goals are, who you're working with, what what do&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, what do you think you know, what do you&nbsp; not know. We take an education first step focus.&nbsp;&nbsp; Like the first thing we want to do is is get you&nbsp; up to speed and transfer knowledge to you. And&nbsp;&nbsp; this first consultation would be free. Correct.&nbsp; Correct. And this is about how long in length? 15,&nbsp;&nbsp; 30 minutes, 45 minutes. We we would love if it was&nbsp; uh 30 minutes, but at times we we find 30 minutes&nbsp;&nbsp; to an hour is generally where it ends up. Um yeah,&nbsp; if we don't get the time to ask you the questions,&nbsp;&nbsp; the silly questions, where your kids go to school,&nbsp; all of those questions build a case on our end.&nbsp;&nbsp; It might seem like a regular conversation. We're&nbsp; finding out information that we're going to use&nbsp;&nbsp; for your your plan. So, you start with the initial&nbsp; consultation. Then what what's the next step?&nbsp;&nbsp; So generally where we like to start in a&nbsp; second meeting is doing an analysis that&nbsp;&nbsp; we will bring to that second meeting that is&nbsp; twofold. One baseline of where you are in the&nbsp;&nbsp; world right now with your present relationship&nbsp; with the IRS. So what do your taxes look like&nbsp;&nbsp; the previous year? What are they going to look&nbsp; like this year? And then if you buy a boat, how&nbsp;&nbsp; does that change your relationship with the IRS?&nbsp; And maybe there's additional scenarios there. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; at times we'll do up to three or four different&nbsp; scenarios. Maybe it's based on different price&nbsp;&nbsp; points with the yacht. Maybe different types or&nbsp; timeline on the depreciation we're using, but we&nbsp;&nbsp; want to we want the client to really understand&nbsp; what's going to change about their taxes. The&nbsp;&nbsp; second side of it is is looking at cash flow and&nbsp; looking at liquidity and kind of fitting it into,&nbsp;&nbsp; okay, if we're going to pay this way, you know,&nbsp; do we have the cash? Are we going to have to sell&nbsp;&nbsp; something? are we pulling it from the IRA? We want&nbsp; to match those things together, which the whole&nbsp;&nbsp; goal of the analysis is to give the client the&nbsp; confidence to either feel good about making the&nbsp;&nbsp; purchase or not. Like we we want it's really just&nbsp; a game of seeing the numbers versus acting purely&nbsp;&nbsp; on the emotional aspect which is I definitely&nbsp; want to buy this. So that's interesting. You use&nbsp;&nbsp; the scientific method and you have your control&nbsp; which is no boat buying scenario and then all&nbsp;&nbsp; your different samples which buy a boat, buy this&nbsp; expensive boat, buy this not so expensive boat,&nbsp;&nbsp; buy this boat, put it in charter and then you&nbsp; see your different variations of the results.&nbsp;&nbsp; That's that's an interesting scenario. There are&nbsp; there are a thousand ways to get this boat into&nbsp;&nbsp; your life. We want to find the most efficient&nbsp; strategy. What saves you the most on taxes?&nbsp;&nbsp; What keeps the most money in your pocket? What&nbsp; the lowest interest rate? How can we borrow the&nbsp;&nbsp; money to pay for it? We're analyzing all of that&nbsp; stuff to provide you with what we think is the&nbsp;&nbsp; most efficient and affordable way to own a million&nbsp; five catamaran and stick it in the Bahamas where&nbsp;&nbsp; you can take your family. So, what comes next&nbsp; then, Doug? We're going to be with you from your&nbsp;&nbsp; first boat show till you close on that boat. Once&nbsp; you close on the boat, we move into stage two,&nbsp;&nbsp; which is operation of the business. We're going&nbsp; to be there quarterly, bianually, at a minimum&nbsp;&nbsp; annually to do a tax return, but we're here to&nbsp; help with all those life decisions. The business&nbsp;&nbsp; plan is this living document. It's got to work&nbsp; with the rest of your lifestyle and things change.&nbsp;&nbsp; Your kids grow up, maybe you don't like spending&nbsp; time in the Bahamas. I personally think it's fun,&nbsp;&nbsp; maybe you don't end up enjoying it, maybe your&nbsp; wife hates sailing. Yep. This is also why we&nbsp;&nbsp; definitely recommend our clients charter before&nbsp; they buy. We think that, you know, happy buyers&nbsp;&nbsp; make happy boers. If you buy the wrong boat or&nbsp; you make the wrong move, it's a waste of time&nbsp;&nbsp; and energy, too. It's not just about the money.&nbsp; So, we definitely recommend that you charter. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; go do that. These are expensive decisions. Yes,&nbsp; these are expensive decisions. You got a lot&nbsp;&nbsp; on the line. We're potentially advising you to&nbsp; not give the IRS a4 billion dollars this year.&nbsp;&nbsp; That's just a it's a wild concept where you're&nbsp; paying paying paying paying and now we're not&nbsp;&nbsp; going to pay. It can cause a lot of fear. The&nbsp; IRS is scary and we I mean Amanda, we've had&nbsp;&nbsp; conversation where the conclusion is buying a boat&nbsp; is not the right option for you. We're not trying&nbsp;&nbsp; to talk you out of it because this is how we make&nbsp; a living, but we also realize quickly if something&nbsp;&nbsp; doesn't make sense. They don't even have to talk&nbsp; to Tideline. We a lot of the time can figure this&nbsp;&nbsp; out early in the process. So that's where we&nbsp; come in as well. Yeah. I was going to say,&nbsp;&nbsp; Amanda and Marilyn, close your ears. There are&nbsp; certainly scenarios where the prospective boat&nbsp;&nbsp; buyer ends up not buying a boat. Maybe they're&nbsp; just not there yet. They want a boat. They don't&nbsp;&nbsp; have the time to enjoy it. Maybe we can't free&nbsp; up enough liquid cash, but there are certainly&nbsp;&nbsp; scenarios where a boat is not the ultimate&nbsp; option. Well, we are totally on board with&nbsp;&nbsp; that. We are on on board with that. Absolutely.&nbsp; So, this is what we do at Current Yachts. to help&nbsp;&nbsp; you navigate one of the most exciting but also&nbsp; complex tax-advantaged opportunities available&nbsp;&nbsp; when you buy a boat. So, you can find Joe and&nbsp; Doug at most major boat shows. Uh they typically&nbsp;&nbsp; come every year to the Annapolis Boat Show and&nbsp; many more. So, visit our marine directory to&nbsp;&nbsp; contact Doug and Joe. You'll look up Tideline.&nbsp; The link is in the description below. And again,&nbsp;&nbsp; thank you for listening. Share this episode&nbsp; with a friend who might be looking for the most&nbsp;&nbsp; tax-advantaged way of buying and enjoying a boat.&nbsp; and contact current yachts if you need help in&nbsp;&nbsp; buying or selling your next boat. We love to talk&nbsp; about charter placement. This is what we do day in&nbsp;&nbsp; and day out and we want to help you get into the&nbsp; right boat the right way. Until then, fair winds!

  Top Comments:
  1. @jcbejb [2 likes]: Thank you again for another informative podcast.  I have used Tidelines and have been extremely satisfied.  One 45 minute session can't fully display the breadth of their knowledge as there are so many scenarios.  Communication, education, availability, transparency, compliance, and realistic expectations have been a few of the things that Joe (McKinley Wealth) and Doug (ElevatedCPA) have excelled at for us.  They were able to customize an approach based on our particular situation and have been able to adapt as things change.  Nice job.
  2. @patrick.wehrly1323 [2 likes]: Any careful reading of the internal revenue code will quickly help you understand that you cannot cannot, and I mean, cannot spread out bonus appreciation it cannot be done
Secondarily it would appear that section 179 is not a thing
Third, it would appear that these people have never been involved in an audit and or defended an audit as there is no judge in an audit as indicated in this video
  3. @med101-k6q [1 likes]: Excellent display of knowledge. Thank you! Fair winds!
  4. @MjrSlakr [1 likes]: Retired couple, sell our home with no capital gains, married  taking the 500k capital gains benefit. Buying boat as primary residence fulltime live aboard. Moving to the EU without renouncing citizenship
  5. @johnlowell2171 [1 likes]: Thank you all for the discussion.  While I understand that charter is a business and complicates things a bit, I also feel there are other options to consider with a vessel.  Does purchasing a vessel as a second home provide benefits, loans deductible, and if similar to a second house with the potential for 14 days of “rent” at no cost or notice to the IRA?  Would a second home approach benefit from an LLC, etc.  Lots of questions on how to lower the cost without engaging in full time charter.  Cheers.
  6. @CurrentYachts: Have you ever thought of starting a charter business? Watch this episode: https://youtu.be/_XF9LekH0Ik -- And let us know your questions!
  7. @britm3660: Going through this decision process as I consider the ‘next boat’ option - brilliant timing.
  8. @NVDA950: You can't buy a boat for leisure and then put it into charter fleet. I think there is a problem with that. You have to buy the boat for charter.
  9. @kennethk9590: So much talk about tax advantages. What I heard was to not even expect a 10% return with the potential to lose the entire investment if some idiot charter client wrecks the boat and insurance denies the claim.  Guess not a big deal because the plan is to deprecate the purchase on year one.  Without the economy of scale something small could sideline the boat for a whole season. Try getting a dry dock appointment during peak season and you will be paying top dollar because you are not there to oversea the repairs. If you part of a rental pool with company owned boats they are going charter their boats 1st and leave you the leftovers.
  10. @skypickle29: Does having a loan change how the IRS views the boat? If there is a loan that the owner has to service, does that favor the use of the boat as a business and qualify it for the sec 168 write off?
  11. @skypickle29: only 1 IRS tax audit?? How many of your clients have a 'guaranteed income' agreement and how many have a percentage of the profit agreement?

- Boat Ownership EXPOSED!⚠️ The Costs Nobody Talks About: Kind: captions Language: en 54% of firsttime boat buyers end up selling their boats and leaving the hobby behind forever. And the reason has almost nothing to do with whether they actually enjoyed being out on the water. Sailors have a famous acronym they use for the word boat and it stands for breakout another thousand. That phrase first showed up on internet forums back in 1995. But here's the thing. Boers have since updated it to baft, which stands for break out another 5,000. Because even boat jokes aren't immune to inflation. What I'm going to do today is walk you through exactly what sailboat ownership actually costs in America. Covering the expenses that dealers conveniently forget to mention, the hidden fees that blindside nearly everyone, and the numbers that explain why so many people abandon boating after their first purchase. Whether you're thinking about buying a sailboat or you already own one and can't figure out where your money keeps disappearing [music] to, these numbers are going to make a lot of things suddenly make sense. The most important thing nobody tells new buyers is this. The purchase price of a sailboat represents only about 40 to 60% of what you'll actually spend in your first year of ownership. Take a 75,000 used sailboat and you can easily tack on an additional 15,000 to 40,000 in transaction costs, setup expenses, and firstear operating costs before the boat ever leaves the dock. That's not something going wrong with maintenance, and it's not bad luck catching up with you. It's simply what getting into sailing actually costs. Prices for entry-level boats in the 20 to 30 ft range cover an enormous spread. A new Bento First 24 starts around $75,000 and stepping up to a new 30-footer like the Bento Oceanis 30.1 puts you somewhere between $165,000 and $195,000. [music] The used market is where sensible buyers tend to look, though, and a well-maintained 10-year-old boat in that size range typically changes hands for $60,000 to $100,000. Go back 20 or 30 years to classics like the Catalina 22 and prices drop to 5,500 to $15,000. Mid-range cruising sailboats from 30 to 45 ft hit the sweet spot for coastal cruising and new production boats from builders like Jano, Bento, and Catalina run 200,000 to 350,000 fully equipped. Used options offer dramatically better value with respected bluewater cruisers like the Pacific Sea Craft 34 selling for 34,000 to 97,000 and the popular Catalina 36 marked the Sennon commanding $71,500 to $16,000. What dealers definitely won't mention is what Boatshed found after analyzing over 30,000 actual sales transactions. Boats depreciate about 15% per year during the first 5 years. Then that rate slows to 2 to 5% annually through year 10 and drops [music] to just 2.2% per year after that. And here's something else worth knowing. Actual sale prices average 22% below asking prices for sailboats, which means a boat listed at 100,000 will probably close somewhere around $78,000. Before you even take ownership, a series of transaction costs can add [music] 10,000 to 25,000 to whatever you agreed to pay for the boat. Marine surveys run 20 to 30 per foot for a pre-purchase condition and valuation inspection, which works out to $700 to pontoon for a 35-footer. The haul out gets build separately at $14 to $19 per foot, adding another $490 to 65 B just to pull the boat out of the water so someone can look at the bottom. An engine survey tax on roughly $500 more if you want one. Skipping the survey to save $1,000 ranks among the most expensive mistakes buyers make because a professional inspection can uncover 10,000 or more in hidden problems [music] while giving you real leverage during negotiations. Transport costs catch a lot of buyers offguard, especially when they find a great deal on a boat that's hundreds of miles away. Overland trucking for sailboats runs $7 to $10 per mile, which means a 5-mile delivery costs $3,500 to $5,000, and cross-country halls can easily reach $18,000 to $25,000. Mast removal and stepping adds $200 to $500 each way. On top of that, the expense that surprises people most though is state sales and use [music] tax. Depending on where you live, this ranges from 3 to 10% of the purchase price, which translates to an extra $3,950 to $7500 on a 75,000 boat that you might not have budgeted for at all. Annual ownership costs start with the expense that varies most dramatically depending on where you live, and that's marina slip fees. Geographic disparity in birthing costs represents one of ownership's biggest surprises. Marina slip fees range from $12 to 240 per foot annually across the country, averaging roughly $50 per foot per year nationwide. What that means for a 35- ft sailboat is annual slip costs anywhere from $420 to $8,400 depending entirely on your location. The Great Lakes region offers the most affordable birthing at $3,300 to $6,000 annually for a 35-footer, and that includes the required winter storage. Michigan State harbors charge as little as pad $64 per season for smaller boats. GF Coast marinas run 4,000 to 7,000. The Southeast cost 5,500 to 9,000 yearly, and premium West Coast and Northeast locations charge 4,000 to 11,000 annually. San Francisco Bay's Marina Del Rey charges up to 240 per foot per year, which is among the highest rates in the country. And there's another hidden factor in popular areas. Popular marinas in California and the Pacific Northwest maintain waiting lists of 2 to 10 years, which can force new owners into temporary and often more expensive births. Moorings cost 50 to 75% less than dock slips if you want to save money. With town moorings in Massachusetts running $300 to $600 per season versus marina slips at $6,300 to $8,400 for the same boat. The trade-off is you'll need a dinghy with an outboard which runs another $1,500 to $5,000. Insurance follows a straightforward formula. Just budget 1 to 1.5% of the boat's insured value annually. A $75,000 sailboat typically costs $750 to one at $120 filer per year for comprehensive coverage, though geography affects premiums significantly. Wisconsin boat owners pay an average of $261 annually, while Florida's hurricane exposure drives average premiums up to $812. [snorts] State registration fees vary from 25 to $250 annually and Coast Guard documentation costs $89 to $13 initially plus $26 per year for renewal. One thing to watch out for is third-party documentation services that charge $64 to $150 for paperwork you can handle yourself for just 26 directly through the USCG website. The 10% rule says you should budget 10% of your boat's purchase price annually for maintenance. And while that works as a starting point, a 2019 study of 33 boat owners found actual costs follow a slightly different pattern at roughly 7% plus a fixed baseline. What this means in practice is that cheaper boats actually require a higher percentage of their value to maintain. Owners of boats worth 2,000 to 5,000 reported spending 15 to 20% annually, while those with boats worth 40,000 or more spent closer to 5 to 10%. Where does all that maintenance money actually go? Bottom painting runs $150 to $250 for a 35-footer if you handle it yourself, or $450 to $700 if you hire it out. And you need this done every 1 to2 years in saltwater. The haul out alone costs $8 to $14 per foot, plus pressure washing at $4 to $12 per foot. So, budget $600 to 1,000 just for the round trip in and out of the water. Standing rigging needs replacement every 10 to 12 years in saltwater environments. And professional replacement costs 5,000 to 10,000 for a 30 to 40 ft boat. Running [music] rigging, meaning your sheets and howiards, lasts 5 to 10 years and costs 2,000 to 5,000 to replace. Quality Dacron cruising sales last 10 to 15 years under moderate use, but replacement costs for a 35-footer run 2,000 to 3500 for a main sale and 2,000 to 3500 for a Genoa. A full sale inventory totals 6,000 to 10,000. Engine maintenance costs $200 to 500 annually if you do the diesel service yourself or 500 to 2500 [music] if you pay someone. And a complete engine replacement runs 8,000 to 15,000 installed for a small diesel auxiliary. That replacement typically comes due after 5,000 to 10,000 hours or 20 plus years of use. Boatyard labor rates have climbed significantly and now average $100 to $180 per hour depending on region and specialty with Northeast and Pacific Northwest yards charging the highest rates at $125 to $180 per hour. The math gets uncomfortable for a lot of boat owners once you look at how much time they actually spend on the water. Industry data shows the average recreational boat operates just 50 to 100 hours annually. And Coast Guard data puts average usage at only 54 days per year at 100 hours of annual use with 5,000 in ownership costs. Each hour on the water [music] costs $50 before you add fuel or anything else. Demographics tell an interesting story about who's actually doing the boating these days. Median boat owner age reached 60 years old by the end of 2024 and more boat owners now fall into their 70s than their 40s. Infolink Technologies Jack Ellis put it this way in March 2025. Many of the people who owned boats 25 years ago are the same people who own boats today, but they're 25 years older. And that brings us back to the statistic from the beginning that 54% of firsttime boat buyers sell their boats and leave boating entirely. The reason they cite most often is unexpectedly high ownership costs. Some encouraging news exists for anyone thinking about buying right now because the pandemic era boat buying frenzy has definitively ended. 320,000 new power boats sold in 2020, marking a 13-year high and 415,000 firsttime buyers flooded into the market that year. But 2024 brought a 9.1% decline in new power boat sales, and year-to- date 2025 data through June shows a further 9.7% decline. On top of that, days on market has increased significantly across the board. New boats now spend 53 additional days on dealer lots compared to before. And year old boats sit 75 days longer than prepandemic norms. Boats group VP Courtney Chalmer's summed up what this means by saying somebody is going to have to come down on the price of the used boats. Industry forecasts anticipate used boat prices dropping 5 to 10% through 2025. And according to Boat US analysis, buyers now have more negotiation power than they've had during the last few years. All of these numbers add up to a clear picture of what sailboat ownership actually costs. 8,000 to 15,000 annually in slip fees, insurance, and routine maintenance is what a well-maintained 35- ft used sailboat purchased for 75,000 will realistically run you. Periodic major expenses like sales and rigging average another 2,000 to 5,000 per year when you spread them out over their replacement cycles. At typical usage rates of 50 to 100 hours per year, ownership costs alone translate to $100 to $200 per hour of actual sailing time. [music] And that doesn't even count what you paid for the boat itself. The purchase price really does function as [music] just the down payment on a relationship that demands continuous investment. But for those who sail frequently, [music] develop DIY maintenance skills, choose affordable regions, and properly budget for the inevitable expenses, [music] ownership can deliver experiences that you simply cannot get any other way. Just go in with your eyes open because boat doesn't stand for best of all times. It stands for break out another thousand or these days another 5,000. Thanks for watching.

- Yacht Ownership EXPOSED: The Money Trap Nobody Talks About: Kind: captions Language: en What if I told you owning a yacht is not a rich person decision. It's a I might accidentally burn money for fun decision. Let me explain. Most people think if I become a millionaire, no. If you become a millionaire and buy a yacht, you'll go back to being normal very fast. Because here's the truth nobody talks about. Buying the yacht is the cheap part. Keeping it alive, that's where the storm begins. Picture this. You finally buy your dream yacht. It's shiny. It's white. It smells like success. You post the photo. People comment, "Wow, you made it. Goals. Living the dream." And then the first bill arrives, fuel bill, then crew salaries, then docking fees, then maintenance, then something breaks. And something always breaks because a yacht is basically a floating five-star hotel mixed with a power plant floating in saltwater which destroys everything slowly. Fun, right? The primary financial challenge lies in ongoing maintenance and operational expenses. These continuous costs are often far more demanding than the yacht's acquisition cost. This sustained financial commitment reveals the true economic burden of yacht ownership. Understanding the true cost of ownership requires considering complex assets like a luxury yacht. Unlike small recreational boats, luxury yachts are substantial vessels with extensive features. These vessels typically include multiple bedrooms offering significant living space. A dedicated crew, including a chef, is often required for operation and service. Luxury yachts frequently come equipped with various recreational items such as jet skis. Some even feature advanced amenities like a helicopter pad, adding to their complexity and cost. The purchase price of a luxury yacht varies significantly. Costs typically range from approximately $5 million to over $300 million. This wide range depends on factors like size, features, and customization level. Acquiring a luxury yacht represents a substantial financial investment. Acquiring luxury assets such as a yacht involves significant initial purchase prices. However, the upfront cost represents only a fraction of the total financial commitment. Simply possessing a net worth equivalent to the asset's cost is insufficient for sustainable ownership. Ongoing expenses are a critical factor, often exceeding the initial purchase over time. These recurring costs necessitate a much greater overall financial capacity from the owner. True ownership requires substantial reserves for maintenance, operations, and unforeseen expenditures. The 10% rule is a fundamental financial principle in the yaching world. It states that the annual operating cost of a yacht is approximately 10% of its initial purchase price. This rule highlights the substantial recurring expenses associated with yacht ownership. It serves as a crucial guideline for prospective yacht owners to understand long-term financial commitments. A luxury asset such as a $10 million yacht entails significant ongoing financial commitments. These commitments are categorized as annual operating costs, essential for its upkeep and functionality. For a yacht of this value, annual operating expenses can approximate $1 million. Key expenses include salaries for the crew, ensuring professional operation and maintenance. Additional costs cover fuel, docking fees, routine repairs, and general maintenance. Insurance premiums are also a substantial component, protecting against unforeseen incidents and liabilities. Annual operating costs represent the typical expenses associated with a year of ownership. These figures are calculated based on normal operational conditions and expected maintenance. However, unforeseen breakdowns or major repairs can significantly increase these costs. Such unexpected expenses demand greater financial reserves from the owner to cover the additional outlay. Owning a luxury asset such as a $20 million yacht requires substantial financial backing beyond its purchase price. A net worth of at least $200 million is typically needed to comfortably sustain such an asset. This wealth level ensures that significant annual operating costs do not cause financial strain. The 10X rule suggests that an asset's cost should be a small fraction of one's total net worth. Significant wealth provides a substantial protective buffer for an individual's lifestyle. This buffer ensures financial stability and resilience against unforeseen expenses or market fluctuations. For individuals with substantial assets, large expenditures become relatively insignificant. Consider the annual multi-million dollar expense of maintaining a luxury yacht. This cost, while high in absolute terms, is a small fraction of the owner's total wealth. Thus, the expense feels negligible, demonstrating the protective power of serious wealth. Many assume millionaire status automatically enables luxury asset ownership, such as a yacht. However, the financial reality of owning a large yacht is often underestimated. A person with a $5 million net worth would face significant financial strain. The costs associated with yacht ownership extend far beyond the initial purchase price. Maintenance, crew salaries, docking fees, fuel, and insurance are substantial ongoing expenses. These recurring costs could severely deplete or even destroy a $5 million net worth. Even individuals with a substantial net worth must carefully evaluate financial implications. A $20 million net worth, while significant, requires careful consideration for luxury assets. True yacht ownership typically aligns with net worths of $100 million or higher. Many yacht owners possess net worths reaching $500 million or even billions. For billionaires, a yacht is more than a luxury item. It's a versatile asset. It serves as a private, secure, mobile space akin to a personal island. These vessels function as venues for business meetings and exclusive vacation homes. Ultimately, a yacht symbolizes ultimate freedom and a high degree of personal autonomy. Billionaire yacht ownership is characterized by the ability to disregard significant costs. The financial burden of maintaining a luxury yacht is substantial. However, for billionaires, daily net worth increases often reach millions. This rapid wealth accumulation makes the yacht's expenses effortlessly manageable. Yacht ownership signifies profound financial stability, not merely wealth. It demands strong investments, consistent income, and expert financial guidance. Robust legal structures and long-term strategic planning are also essential. Hesitation over yearly costs indicates insufficient financial readiness for true yacht luxury.

- Yacht Ownership Costs: What They DON'T Tell You! #shorts: Kind: captions Language: en um the you know so your cost of ownership is what you pay for a boat right which everybody focuses on. They forget sometimes that it's also what do you put into the boat while you own it and then you net off of that what do you get back when you go to sell it and you've already touched on and you're going to go further on the fact that the money that you spend on the warranty um is going to come back to you in a number of different ways. It makes the boat more sailable.

- STOP Wasting Money on Yachts Until You Watch This!: Kind: captions Language: en have you ever wondered if buying a yacht is a Smart Financial move or is it just a luxury Dream well today we're diving deep into the real numbers and answering the burning question is a yacht a good investment will break down the costs potential returns and the hidden perks that come with owning your own yacht so if you're curious about whether you can turn a yacht into a money-making machine or if it's just an expensive toy stick around because we've got all the insights you need and before we jump in don't forget to hit that like button and subscribe for more content like [Music] this welcome back let's get straight to the point buying a yacht is a dream for many but is it a Smart Financial investment today we'll look at all the factors from initial purchase costs to ongoing maintenance Charter opportunities tax benefits and potential for appreciation so if you've ever been on the fence about owning a yacht this is the video for you Yachts come in various sizes and price ranges from smaller vessels costing a few hundred thousand to luxury Mega Yachts priced in the millions but here's the catch buying a yacht is just the first step there are other significant costs like docking maintenance Fuel and crew salaries we're going to cover these details so you know exactly what you're getting into before signing any paperwork first let's talk talk about the initial purchase a 4050 fft yacht May cost you anywhere from $500,000 to $1 million for luxury Yachts think 60 ft and above you're looking at $1.5 million or more and if you're going for a super yacht the sky the limit but here's the kicker buying a yacht isn't like buying a home Yachts generally depreciate over time much like cars however the rate of depreciation can vary depending on factors like the brand size and how well you maintain it some high-end Yachts can retain value better than others but it's still something to keep in mind so is it a good investment in terms of appreciation not always but there are other ways to make it work once you've bought the yacht you'll have ongoing expenses these include docking fees expect to pay thousands especially if you're moing in a luxury Marina maintenance and repairs Yachts need regular upkeep from engine checks to cleaning this could run you anywhere from $110,000 to $100,000 a year depending on the size and type of yacht crew if you have a larger yacht you'll need a captain and crew salaries for a professional crew can easily hit six figures annually Insurance yacht insurance is a must and depending on the value of the vessel it can cost thousands each year while these costs may seem Hefty they're part of the lifestyle and something every yacht owner has to budget for but here's where owning a yacht can be more than just a money pit chartering if you don't plan on using your yacht yearr round you can Charter it out to other people chartering is a great way to offset the cost of owning a yacht and can sometimes turn into a profit for example luxury yachts in popular destinations like Miami or the Mediterranean can charge anywhere from $5,000 to $50,000 per day depending on the size and season if you're able to Charter your Yacht for just a few weeks a year it can cover a significant portion of your operating cost some Savvy owners even turn it into a full-fledged business however managing Charters does require time and sometimes Professional Management you'll need a charter broker and keep in mind that we in tear on the yacht is faster when it's frequently chartered if you're enjoying the video so far don't forget to like And subscribe it really helps the channel grow and allows us to create more content like this another factor to consider is tax benefits in some countries including the United States yacht owners can write off some of the operating expenses especially if they're chartering The Vessel as part of a business additionally depreciation can be claimed as a tax deduction if the yacht is used for business purposes there are also incentives for purchasing more energy efficient Yachts such as hybrid engines or Yachts that utilize solar power if structured properly the tax savings can be a significant advantage to yacht ownership now let's not forget the life lifestyle aspect owning a yacht provides unparalleled Freedom whether it's island hopping in the Bahamas or cruising the Mediterranean the ability to get away at a moment's notice entertain friends in style or even live on the water is something that's hard to put a price tag on for many the intangible benefits of owning a yacht like privacy luxury and the unique experiences it offers make it worth every penny but again you'll need to decide if these perks outweigh the financial commitment so is a yacht a good investment financially it's not always a winning deal especially if you're expecting appreciation but if you're smart with chartering taking advantage of tax breaks and most importantly if you value the lifestyle it brings owning a yacht can be a fantastic decision it's less about making money and more about enhancing your life in ways you just can't get with other Investments at the end of the day it's all about your priorities thanks for sticking with us till the end if you enjoyed this video pleasee give it a thumbs up and subscribe to the channel it really helps us create more valuable content for you and let us know in the comments what kind of video do you want to see next maybe you're curious about yacht management or how to get into chartering let me know below don't forget like subscribe and I'll see you in the next video

- How Much Does It Cost To Maintain A Yacht? - The Rich And Famous Files: Kind: captions Language: en How much does it cost to maintain a yacht? If you have ever wondered about the costs associated with maintaining a yacht, you are not alone. For the rich and famous, owning a yacht is not just about the initial purchase price. It comes with a whole range of ongoing expenses. Generally, yacht maintenance costs can range from about 10% to 20% of the yacht's value each year. This percentage can vary significantly, especially for larger and more complex vessels known as super yachts. Let's break it down with some examples. A superyacht valued at $500 million like Jeff Bezos sailing yacht Cororo can cost around $25 million annually just for maintenance and operation. This hefty sum covers crew salaries, fuel, docking fees, insurance, repairs, and routine upkeep. Cororo is a massive 127 m long and accommodates 18 guests with a crew of 36. Keeping such a large yacht in top shape requires extensive maintenance to ensure everything runs smoothly. Even smaller luxury yachts come with their own set of costs. Take a yacht worth $1,340,000. The annual maintenance for this size can be around $273,000. Fuel costs alone can run into tens of thousands of dollars each year depending on how often the yacht is used. For instance, Michael Jordan's $115 million super yacht reportedly costs about $10 million each year to maintain. This reflects the high costs associated with luxury features, a skilled crew, and the upkeep of such a large vessel. Now, let's look at the key components that contribute to yacht maintenance costs. First, crew salaries can be substantial. For larger yachts, crews can range from a dozen to several dozen professionals, including captains, engineers, chefs, and stewards. Next is fuel. Operating a yacht, especially a large one, consumes a lot of fuel, which can be quite expensive and varies based on usage. Then there are docking and birthing fees. Premium marina spots in popular locations can be costly adding to the overall expense. Routine maintenance is another significant factor. This includes engine servicing, hull cleaning, repainting, and replacing parts. Additionally, yachts must be periodically lifted out of the water for inspection and cleaning, which can cost tens of thousands of dollars. Insurance is also a major cost. High-V valueue yachts requiring comprehensive insurance policies that contribute to annual expenses for celebrities and wealthy individuals. These costs are part of maintaining a luxurious lifestyle and a status symbol. The expenses are often justified by the exclusivity, privacy, and prestige that yachts provide. Many super yachts are also chartered when not in personal use, which can help offset some of these maintenance costs. In summary, maintaining a yacht is a multi-million dollar annual commitment for the ultra wealthy. These ongoing costs ensure that the yacht remains in pristine condition and ready for travel anywhere in the world.

- Boat Loans 101: Should You Finance A Boat?: Kind: captions Language: en-US Okay, I’ll say it: buying a boat can&nbsp; be expensive. That’s why 70% of boaters&nbsp;&nbsp; choose to finance their boat. But what exactly is&nbsp; financing a boat, how can you prepare for it, and&nbsp;&nbsp; should you finance a boat? All of those questions&nbsp; - and more - will be covered in this video! Similar to other types of financing, boat&nbsp; loans are personal installment loans that&nbsp;&nbsp; are offered by lenders, who agree to lend you a&nbsp; fixed amount of money. From there, you pay the&nbsp;&nbsp; loan off (with interest) by the agreed date.&nbsp; The greatest difference, however, is that the&nbsp;&nbsp; interest rates are often higher for recreational&nbsp; vehicles than they are for your home or car. The average car loan interest rate currently&nbsp; hovers around 4%, while a recreational boat loan&nbsp;&nbsp; typically averages between 6 and 8%. Houses and&nbsp; cars are seen as essential assets - while boats&nbsp;&nbsp; are not. So, in the event of financial hardship,&nbsp; you would likely give up your boat before your car&nbsp;&nbsp; or house - making a boat loan a higher risk&nbsp; for the lender - therefore the higher rate. There are three different types of&nbsp; loans you can utilize for a boat:&nbsp;&nbsp; secured loans, unsecured&nbsp; loans, and a second mortgage. Secured Loans Secured loans are backed by collateral,&nbsp;&nbsp; such as a savings account or vehicle. This means&nbsp; that in the event the boat cannot be paid for,&nbsp;&nbsp; your lender can place a lien on your collateral,&nbsp; practically possessing it until the loan is paid&nbsp;&nbsp; off. Because this is a lower risk to the lender,&nbsp; interest rates are often lower for secured loans. Unsecured Loans&nbsp; On the other hand, with unsecured loans, your&nbsp; loan is not backed by collateral. Instead,&nbsp;&nbsp; approval for the loan is solely based on your&nbsp; credit score and finances. Rates are often higher&nbsp;&nbsp; for unsecured loans and lenders are typically more&nbsp; selective about who they would approve for a loan. Second Mortgage Second mortgages are an option for individuals&nbsp;&nbsp; who do not want to take out a personal loan. But&nbsp; here, your home serves as collateral. Of course,&nbsp;&nbsp; this is the riskiest loan option. Second mortgage&nbsp; loans also tend to have lower interest rates. Before you apply for a loan, it’s important to&nbsp; do a little research. This first step will help&nbsp;&nbsp; you understand if and what you will be able&nbsp; to finance. And that’s your credit score. CREDIT SCORE First, it’s important to know your credit&nbsp;&nbsp; score. This magic number will let you know if you&nbsp; are likely to be approved for a recreational loan.&nbsp;&nbsp; Since recreational loans are a higher risk for&nbsp; lenders, they’re also more selective with what&nbsp;&nbsp; credit scores they will accept for loans.&nbsp; Generally, you’ll need a credit score above&nbsp;&nbsp; 600 to be approved for a boat loan, although&nbsp; we’ve seen people with lower scores be approved. Additionally, knowing your credit score can&nbsp; help you approximate your interest rate,&nbsp;&nbsp; which we’ll use in a couple of&nbsp; minutes for payment calculations.&nbsp;&nbsp; A better credit score equals&nbsp; a lower interest rate. There are many great options for you to check&nbsp; your credit score - for free! I use Credit Karma.&nbsp;&nbsp; Credit Karma uses a slightly different grading&nbsp; model to determine your credit score, however.&nbsp;&nbsp; They use “VantageScore” to generate credit&nbsp; scores, where most lenders will be looking at&nbsp;&nbsp; your FICO score. Credit Karma’s scores should&nbsp; closely reflect your credit score, but it may&nbsp;&nbsp; not be the final score your lenders see - and&nbsp; ultimately use to determine your loan approval. Another important factor that lenders&nbsp; will assess is your debt-to-income&nbsp;&nbsp; ratio and employment/housing stability. * Your debt-to-income ratio – or DTI – is&nbsp;&nbsp; the percentage of your income that you devote&nbsp; to paying off debts, which include but are not&nbsp;&nbsp; limited to: mortgage payments, credit cards,&nbsp; student loans, auto loans, and personal loans.&nbsp;&nbsp; Rent payments, although they’re not technically&nbsp; “debt”, are also included in your DTI.&nbsp;&nbsp; Boat loans will likely be denied if&nbsp; your DTI is higher than 40 or 45%&nbsp;&nbsp; once the new boat loan is factored in. * As far as employment and housing&nbsp;&nbsp; stability goes, the longer you've lived in the&nbsp; same area and worked for the same employers,&nbsp;&nbsp; the more favorably a lender is likely&nbsp; to look at you for a boat loan approval. PRE-APPROVAL Now that you know your credit score,&nbsp;&nbsp; DTI, and stability status, it’s important to see&nbsp; if you can get pre-approved for a loan. All the&nbsp;&nbsp; time you spend researching and testing out boats&nbsp; will be for naught if you can’t get approved! Marine dealerships - such as ourselves - have&nbsp; in-house finance applications which are then sent&nbsp;&nbsp; to their various lending partners. So, you can&nbsp; do it that way or manually apply for pre-approval&nbsp;&nbsp; yourself. You’d have to individually go through&nbsp; different lenders and assess each offer. Many lenders require a minimum down payment,&nbsp;&nbsp; which often ranges between 10% and&nbsp; 20% of the loan’s value. However,&nbsp;&nbsp; there are plenty of lenders that offer lower&nbsp; down payment rates. Regardless, plan accordingly. APPROVAL & Comparison Alright - now you’ve&nbsp;&nbsp; got a couple of offers, but need to&nbsp; decide which option is right for you.&nbsp;&nbsp; Let’s pretend you’re wanting to&nbsp; buy this SunTracker PartyBarge 22,&nbsp;&nbsp; which will cost you around $50,000 -&nbsp; including a trailer, prep, and freight. When you’re comparing lender offers, it’s&nbsp; best to choose the offer with the lowest rate,&nbsp;&nbsp; fewest fees, and repayment terms that align with&nbsp; your budget. The longer-term length of the loan,&nbsp;&nbsp; the lower the monthly payment. However, interest&nbsp; rates can be higher for longer-term lengths,&nbsp;&nbsp; so you’ll be accruing additional interest that&nbsp; way. Vice versa: the shorter the term, the higher&nbsp;&nbsp; the monthly payments - but you’ll be paying&nbsp; less in total interest at the end of the term. Now’s the time to do some calculations.&nbsp; Assuming we take out a $50,000 loan and&nbsp;&nbsp; pay the boat off over 15 years with a 6% interest&nbsp; rate, we’d pay $421.93 a month. If, for example,&nbsp;&nbsp; we had a lower credit score, which - in turn&nbsp; - raises the interest rate to - let’s say&nbsp;&nbsp; 8% - the monthly payment jumps to $477.83 . Point&nbsp; being, keeping your score healthy can really&nbsp;&nbsp; help you manage monthly finances and even buy a&nbsp; bigger dream boat with the same monthly payment! Here’s a little tip: if you’re able&nbsp; to, put additional money down when you&nbsp;&nbsp; can throughout the term. If we just put $50 a&nbsp; month towards the initial loan we talked about,&nbsp;&nbsp; you will end up paying off your boat 2&nbsp; years sooner, plus save extra on interest!&nbsp;&nbsp; Putting additional cash towards your&nbsp; boat over the term is a great way&nbsp;&nbsp; to knock off some cash you would&nbsp; have otherwise spent on interest. So - should you finance a boat? If you’re&nbsp; not able to pay off the boat in full,&nbsp;&nbsp; then of course. Financing a boat allows you to&nbsp; pay for the boat monthly and control how long the&nbsp;&nbsp; loan term is. Just remember: the lower the rate&nbsp; and shorter the term, the more money you save! Thank you for watching this&nbsp; video. Check out this video&nbsp;&nbsp; about the true cost of owning a boat right here! Leave us any questions you may have or&nbsp; recommendations for videos we should make&nbsp;&nbsp; down the line below in the comments section!&nbsp; Again - thank you. For Foothills Marine,&nbsp;&nbsp; I’m Mason Strother and I’ll see&nbsp; you in the next Learning Hub Video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @robertlawson1184 [7 likes]: If you have to finance a 55k boat for 15 years, just dont.
  2. @rds990 [2 likes]: Simple answer....NO !!    Run from loans on boats (unless you will live on it).
  3. @Steve-Jody: Boat loans should NEVER EVER BE longer than 7 years !!!! 
If you can’t afford 7 years , you don’t need to be into boating. 
It’s a scam designed by the loan institutions and the boat manufacturers.
Ask any financial advisor, they will tell you boat ownership is a poor decision.
I’ve had 9 boats in my life time- I’m 66.
  4. @TammyJackson-k2x: Thank you so much.
  5. @jpaul4788: If you financing a boat for 15 -20 years, it means you cannot afford it, period
  6. @Sqirldashadoo: Wait…. What’s a boat actually cost when you finance it for 15 years? I must have skipped that part.

- Your Ultimate Guide to Yacht Financing in Singapore: Kind: captions Language: en if you are thinking of buying a yacht in Singapore you might be wondering how to finance your purchase there are different options available depending on your budget preferences and eligibility in this video we will explore some of the most common ways to finance a yacht in Singapore and provide some tips and advice to help you make the best decision one of the most straightforward ways to finance a yacht is to pay cash this means that you have enough savings or liquid assets to cover the full cost of the y including taxes fees and maintenance paying cash has some advantages such as avoiding interest charges having full ownership of the yacht and having more bargaining power with the seller however paying cash also has some drawbacks such as tying up a large amount of capital losing the opportunity to invest in other assets and exposing yourself to Market fluctuations and depreciation another option to finance a yacht is to take a loan this means that you borrow money from a bank or a financial institution to pay for the yacht and repay the loan over a period of time with interest taking a loan has some advantages such as spreading the cost of the yacht over time preserving your cash flow and benefiting from tax deductions on interest payments however taking a loan also has some drawbacks such as paying more than the original price of the yacht having to meet the lender's requirements and criteria and risking repossession of the yacht if you def fault on the loan a third option to finance a yacht is to lease it this means that you rent The Yacht from a leasing company for a fixed period of time and pay a monthly fee that covers the depreciation maintenance and insurance of the yacht leasing a yacht has some advantages such as having lower upfront costs having more flexibility in choice and having the option to buy the yacht at the end of the lease however leasing a yacht also has some drawbacks such as paying more than the market value of the yacht having limited control and customization of the yacht and having to abide by the terms and conditions of the lease a fourth option to finance a yacht is to join a yacht club or a yacht sharing program this means that you become a member of a club or a program that owns and operates a fleet of yachts and pay a membership fee that gives you access to use the Yachts for a certain number of days per year joining a yacht club or a yacht sharing program has some advantages such as having lower costs having more variety and convenience and having less hassle and responsibility however joining a yacht club or a yacht sharing program also has some drawbacks such as having limited availability and flexibility having to share the yacht with other members and having to follow the rules and regulations of the club or the program as you can see there are different ways to finance a yacht in Singapore and each one has its pros and cons the best option for you depends on your personal situation preferences and goals before you decide you should do your research compare the options and consult a professional advisor you should also consider the total cost of ownership which includes not only the purchase price but also the ongoing expenses such as maintenance Insurance birthing Fuel and crew buying a yacht is a big decision and you want to make sure that you can afford it and enjoy it for years to come if you're interested in buying a yacht in Singapore more we can help you find your dream boat and make it yours we have a team of experts who can guide you through the process of buying or selling your boat Basco boating is more than just a digital boat broker we are your trusted partner in fulfilling your dreams about life at Sea if you're eager to delve deeper into this subject matter and gain a comprehensive understanding we invite you to explore our detailed blog post within its Pages you'll find an extensive guide that covers every facet of this topic for your convenience you can locate the link in the description provided below

- Yacht financing secrets buyers wish they knew: Kind: captions Language: en Okay, Melanie, we're going to start with a few&nbsp; rapid-fire questions, and you may answer true,&nbsp;&nbsp; false, or depends with a very short explanation.&nbsp; First question, putting my boat in charter will&nbsp;&nbsp; create income that will help me qualify for&nbsp; my boat loan. That's false. I'm not buying&nbsp;&nbsp; my boat for another 2 years. Therefore, there's&nbsp; no need for me to talk to a lender or a finance&nbsp;&nbsp; broker right now. Also false. Very beneficial&nbsp; to speak with someone early to help you develop&nbsp;&nbsp; a strategy and make sure that you do qualify&nbsp; when the time is right. Even though I don't&nbsp;&nbsp; have the best tier credit score, my strong&nbsp; credit history will help me qualify for y'all&nbsp;&nbsp; financing. That's absolutely true. Remember,&nbsp; the score is only an indication of pricing,&nbsp;&nbsp; not necessarily the strength of the borrower. You&nbsp; know, we're here to make the entire yacht buying&nbsp;&nbsp; experience more seamless, as tax advantaged&nbsp; as possible and enjoyable. And all too often,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's like going to the dentist. People get&nbsp; nervous when they have to talk to a banker.&nbsp;&nbsp; But I think we can help people. And I guess if&nbsp; I had one message, I would just say start early. Hi everyone and welcome to this new episode&nbsp; of the Current Yachts podcast. We are here&nbsp;&nbsp; with Kimberly and Melanie from Newcoast and&nbsp; we're here to talk about yacht financing. So&nbsp;&nbsp; what we wanted to get out of today is kind of&nbsp; the basics of, you know, yacht financing 101.&nbsp;&nbsp; What do you need to know before you even buy the&nbsp; boat or even go shopping? What are the common&nbsp;&nbsp; pitfalls that you guys have heard about? What&nbsp; advice do you have perhaps for first-time buyers?&nbsp;&nbsp; Those sort of things. So, welcome to the program,&nbsp; Melanie and Kim. Tell us about yourselves.&nbsp; Hey guys, thanks for having us on this morning.&nbsp; We are so excited to be here and talk about the&nbsp;&nbsp; pitfalls, navigating the dos and don'ts&nbsp; of yacht and boat financing. I have over&nbsp;&nbsp; 20 years of experience in this space, mostly&nbsp; working with Kim. We have been together a long&nbsp;&nbsp; time as a team. We've got a strong track record&nbsp; of standard of growth and working with clients,&nbsp;&nbsp; helping them successfully attain the boat of&nbsp; their dreams. I have been everything from a yacht&nbsp;&nbsp; finance professional to a national sales manager&nbsp; to leading a a bank with their yacht finance&nbsp;&nbsp; programs, building strong relationships, building&nbsp; strong teams. But we both have a commitment to&nbsp;&nbsp; supporting our partners and helping this process&nbsp; be very easy and seamless for clients. Yeah,&nbsp;&nbsp; that's what we're here to do, too, is educate&nbsp; people. And h trust me, it's one of the biggest&nbsp;&nbsp; topics that I speak to with our clients. So, thank&nbsp; you again. Well, you girls are fabulous getting&nbsp;&nbsp; people to um you know, talk to us early on in the&nbsp; process or talk to a lender and get pre-approved.&nbsp;&nbsp; I have a commercial banking background and I&nbsp; got sucked into marine lending just by virtue&nbsp;&nbsp; of geography. I'm in Annapolis, Maryland. So,&nbsp; liveaboards would walk up the hill and talk to me&nbsp;&nbsp; about large yachts early in my career. Melanie and&nbsp; I have worked side by side for a couple decades.&nbsp;&nbsp; And, at various banks and lenders, which gives&nbsp; us really good charisma and karma in the booth,&nbsp;&nbsp; and it's like having field sense if you've&nbsp; ever played sports, like court sense. You know,&nbsp;&nbsp; kind of what the other person's thinking. We can&nbsp; sometimes complete each other's sentences. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; it goes back to white glove concierge service. and&nbsp; one-stop shopping. That's kind of our goal. And&nbsp;&nbsp; it's always been um you know, Melanie had some&nbsp; retail background and a lot of that permeates&nbsp;&nbsp; what we do. So, we're going to kick this off&nbsp; with uh the first chapter of this conversation,&nbsp;&nbsp; which is really the basics of yacht financing.&nbsp; Just for background, we're talking here about&nbsp;&nbsp; the type of yacht that is typically going to be&nbsp; priced between, say, $200,000 to perhaps a few&nbsp;&nbsp; million dollars because that is what our brokerage&nbsp; company, Current Yachts, is focused on. And there&nbsp;&nbsp; are going to be differences with smaller or much&nbsp; larger yacht which we're not going to discuss just&nbsp;&nbsp; today. Uh but with this, you know, background in&nbsp; place Amanda, let's do this. So a lot of people&nbsp;&nbsp; have misconceptions about financing a yacht and&nbsp; they think it's very much like traditional loans&nbsp;&nbsp; for a house or buying a car uh things like that.&nbsp; So, this is considered a luxury or recreational&nbsp;&nbsp; purpose for financing and uh there's a lot of&nbsp; different risk profiles and understanding the&nbsp;&nbsp; standards that people need to have in order&nbsp; to qualify for yacht financing. So, can you&nbsp;&nbsp; tell us a little about that? We're in one of the&nbsp; lowest rate environments of our lifetimes right&nbsp;&nbsp; now. And a lot of people have recently refinanced&nbsp; their homes or in the process of refinancing their&nbsp;&nbsp; homes. And we always tell people, you need a house&nbsp; to live in, need a car to get to work. A boat is&nbsp;&nbsp; considered luxury because it's more of a want than&nbsp; a need. So there are some pretty easy to solve&nbsp;&nbsp; misconceptions. They're easy to overcome as long&nbsp; as people go in aware and know what to look for.&nbsp;&nbsp; So that's our job is to try to make people think&nbsp; ahead and look at some of the advantages of&nbsp;&nbsp; um approaching things thoughtfully. And so one&nbsp; of the first thing I guess Kim that I'd like to&nbsp;&nbsp; explain for our viewers, can you talk to us about&nbsp; down payment expectations and even terms, right?&nbsp;&nbsp; Cause it's may not be quite like a house or a car.&nbsp; What is it like for yachts? We tend to try to get&nbsp;&nbsp; people approved for the most amount, the largest&nbsp; amount of money for the longest term with the&nbsp;&nbsp; least amount of down payment. And then from there,&nbsp; we can work to get discounts for someone who wants&nbsp;&nbsp; to put 30% down. The standard would be 20. The&nbsp; standard term would be 20 years. And if someone&nbsp;&nbsp; wanted to do 15, there are banks that allow&nbsp; us to offer discounts or sometimes even stack&nbsp;&nbsp; those. And then same thing with the term and the&nbsp; down payment being flexible. Let me ask you this&nbsp;&nbsp; question then. You mentioned uh banks, lenders.&nbsp; You are a finance broker. Is that correct? Can&nbsp;&nbsp; you explain the difference for those who may not&nbsp; know? So very easily a broker is someone like New&nbsp;&nbsp; Coast. We're the intermediary. We understand the&nbsp; needs of the clients. Our goal is to match those&nbsp;&nbsp; needs of the clients to one of our many lenders&nbsp; that we partner with. So as a broker, we have&nbsp;&nbsp; access to a wide network of niche products. We&nbsp; handle all of the leg work. We compare options.&nbsp;&nbsp; We'll advise them through the process. We'll&nbsp; collect all the data. Whereas a direct lender,&nbsp;&nbsp; perhaps a bank or a credit union, they originate,&nbsp; they process, they underwrite, and they fund. So&nbsp;&nbsp; what happens is if you do not fit their box, you&nbsp; are basically done. By working with someone like&nbsp;&nbsp; New Coast, a broker who has many, many sources of&nbsp; lending, we can offer a wide variety of products&nbsp;&nbsp; to our clients who don't necessarily fit in a&nbsp; single box. Okay, that's very helpful. Thank you,&nbsp;&nbsp; Melanie. And another question I had, if I&nbsp; understand correctly, you can have a fixed&nbsp;&nbsp; rate loan or a variable rate loan. Is that true&nbsp; for yachts then? Yes. Um, in this environment,&nbsp;&nbsp; we are seeing predominantly clients or buyers that&nbsp; are choosing fixed rates, but we do offer variable&nbsp;&nbsp; rate programs for clients that have perhaps a&nbsp; goal in mind where they're selling a practice or&nbsp;&nbsp; a business or have an income event that's about to&nbsp; occur. So, we can do a variable rate to keep the&nbsp;&nbsp; payments down and then term it out at the end of&nbsp; the three or five years. That was going to be my&nbsp;&nbsp; question. Why would someone, you know, want to get&nbsp; into a variable rate? And so, that is that is one&nbsp;&nbsp; example. Can you think of any others that you've&nbsp; come across recently where it made more sense&nbsp;&nbsp; for your borrower to go into a variable rate? Not&nbsp; necessarily a variable rate sometimes, but perhaps&nbsp;&nbsp; a variable term. So a lot of times we we may&nbsp; have a client who has just recently or is in the&nbsp;&nbsp; process of selling his business and taking large&nbsp; distributions. And so at that point whereas the&nbsp;&nbsp; loans typically are fixed interest rate loans from&nbsp; start to finish if you look at an interest-only&nbsp;&nbsp; product which might be suitable for that client&nbsp; they can large chunk out the principal reduce&nbsp;&nbsp; the balance of the loan and therefore reduce&nbsp; their interest overall the term of the loan. So&nbsp;&nbsp; there are there are you know there are three-year&nbsp; ARMs, 5-year ARMs, seven-year ARMs, 10 year ARMs,&nbsp;&nbsp; interest-only products, fixed rate loans for 20&nbsp; years. But again, that goes back to the strength&nbsp;&nbsp; of working with someone like a broker who has&nbsp; access to multiple products. Now, that makes&nbsp;&nbsp; a lot of sense. Can you guys speak to the current&nbsp; interest rate? We know this changes all the time.&nbsp;&nbsp; That's one of the first questions we always get.&nbsp; Well, what are the interest rates these days? Can&nbsp;&nbsp; you tell us what that current interest rate is&nbsp; now? Sure. I'm going to piggyback on what Melanie&nbsp;&nbsp; said. I had an example of a gentleman on a large&nbsp; valley from Northern Virginia and he went directly&nbsp;&nbsp; to two banks. The broker that he was working&nbsp; with was selling a new boat product and he was so&nbsp;&nbsp; discouraged after talking directly to the lenders&nbsp; and he came to us and we were able to position his&nbsp;&nbsp; um his his rate ended up being much lower. So&nbsp; I would say we're in the mid to high fives to&nbsp;&nbsp; low sixes depending on your circumstances. For&nbsp; example, if the boat's for sale here in Florida&nbsp;&nbsp; versus we do a lot of lending in other countries,&nbsp; there's a little bit different rates. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; we're reluctant to just say cart blanch what&nbsp; the rates are doing, but suffice it to say,&nbsp;&nbsp; I haven't lost a deal for rates since uh Ronald&nbsp; Reagan was president. So, I mean, we have the&nbsp;&nbsp; best rates in town. It depends on what your needs&nbsp; are and where the boat is located, what your usage&nbsp;&nbsp; is going to be. Will you own it as an LLC? We I&nbsp; close we close about 20 loans a month. That's one&nbsp;&nbsp; every business day. Last year, I think I had one&nbsp; person, maybe two, not own the boat as an LLC. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; that just gives you a scenario that helps you&nbsp; understand. We can help clients set those up&nbsp;&nbsp; easily and engage them with professionals that are&nbsp; licensed and bonded to do that and it it increases&nbsp;&nbsp; their ability to maximize tax advantages. So, now&nbsp; that's interesting that the majority of your your&nbsp;&nbsp; financing is in LLC's. That's interesting to hear&nbsp; for certain. So, as Amanda said, these really are&nbsp;&nbsp; luxury products. Every scenario is somewhat&nbsp; different because the banks consider these as&nbsp;&nbsp; risk-based pricing. So, it's not risk-based&nbsp; pricing when you buy a house or a car, but&nbsp;&nbsp; there are risks involved when you buy a boat. And&nbsp; so, geography matters, use matters, credit score&nbsp;&nbsp; matters, age of collateral matters. So, it's not&nbsp; a simple answer when customers say, "What's the&nbsp;&nbsp; interest rate?" We can give you an interest rate,&nbsp; but that's not really what matters. What matters&nbsp;&nbsp; is all of the things that we just discussed that&nbsp; are part of the analysis and formula of what the&nbsp;&nbsp; interest rate will be at the end of the day. And&nbsp; I'll use this too as a warning to people when they&nbsp;&nbsp; go yacht shopping is, you know, take that with a&nbsp; grain of salt. When someone tells you the interest&nbsp;&nbsp; rate is X and then you want to put your boat into&nbsp; charter and you want to do this and you want to do&nbsp;&nbsp; that, your interest rate may drastically change&nbsp; due to those different things that you want to&nbsp;&nbsp; do with your asset. So, please do get educated and&nbsp; talk to a very good finance broker to know what to&nbsp;&nbsp; expect when it comes to the interest rates. That's&nbsp; a good point, Amanda, for sure. At the Annapolis&nbsp;&nbsp; Sailboat Show, there was a client that you and I&nbsp; were both working with and he before he got to us,&nbsp;&nbsp; to you and to me, he went and shopped rates, but&nbsp; he was looking primarily at boats in St. Lucia or&nbsp;&nbsp; boats in the BVI. And so he had like a false&nbsp; perception and it was really easy to set his&nbsp;&nbsp; expectations appropriately. Um after like a day or&nbsp; two with us, we were able to get him pre-approved&nbsp;&nbsp; and he had sold a portion of his business and&nbsp; having spoken directly to one of our banks,&nbsp;&nbsp; we just didn't want to, you know, there was&nbsp; a way we wanted to position that for him,&nbsp;&nbsp; to help him make that be a positive, not a&nbsp; negative. Yeah, that's very helpful. Before&nbsp;&nbsp; we dig into those qualification requirements&nbsp; that will vary from individual to individual,&nbsp;&nbsp; I wanted to ask, can you share with us what&nbsp; surprises say first-time yacht buyers most&nbsp;&nbsp; about yacht financing? What have you found is the&nbsp; most aha moment for these folks when you talk to&nbsp;&nbsp; them the first time? Melanie, share that example&nbsp; of persistence that you had with the gentleman&nbsp;&nbsp; where you sent him the loan calculator. you were&nbsp; after him. He paid cash and you were after him&nbsp;&nbsp; for over a year and then eventually he saw the&nbsp; light, had the aha moment. And I think that some&nbsp;&nbsp; of the big aha is honestly that it is more complex&nbsp; than they think. Like I have a good credit score,&nbsp;&nbsp; therefore I should be approved, but there's so&nbsp; much more that goes into it behind the scenes&nbsp;&nbsp; that it's way more going back to that credit&nbsp; score. It's it it goes back to core affordability&nbsp;&nbsp; really because a boat is a luxury. Not everyone&nbsp; can afford one or not everyone can afford the one&nbsp;&nbsp; that they want or they think they can afford. So&nbsp; again, it's our job to help set that expectation&nbsp;&nbsp; on the front end by helping them make sure that&nbsp; their income, their liquidity, their credit is all&nbsp;&nbsp; in line to achieve success. That is the perfect&nbsp; segue actually into what are those requirements,&nbsp;&nbsp; Melanie. So, can we talk about the first one which&nbsp; is the credit requirements entailing credit score,&nbsp;&nbsp; credit history? Cuz I understand credit score and&nbsp; the history of your credit could be two different&nbsp;&nbsp; things. You could have a great credit score, but&nbsp; behind it is not enough data for you to make that&nbsp;&nbsp; determination. Can you speak to that a little&nbsp; bit? Then we'll head into other criteria, but&nbsp;&nbsp; credit requirements for for a borrower. What does&nbsp; that look like? We we had a client recently who&nbsp;&nbsp; was um coming to us from the Midwest. He wanted to&nbsp; have a boat here on the eastern on the east coast,&nbsp;&nbsp; be a north south boater, sort of follow the sun&nbsp; and the hurricane season. And he had excellent&nbsp;&nbsp; credit score as do many young professionals, but&nbsp; they don't have an extensive borrowing experience.&nbsp;&nbsp; So, we're looking for your we're looking at your&nbsp; highest credit. Different banks feel differently,&nbsp;&nbsp; but my rule of thumb in the industry has always&nbsp; been if the biggest mortgage you've ever had is&nbsp;&nbsp; 300, then we're not going to be able to get you&nbsp; a $1 million loan. We may be able to get you 600&nbsp;&nbsp; or five, but not a million. So, it's clients are&nbsp; coming to us looking for four times the largest&nbsp;&nbsp; loan they've ever had, especially post-Covid where&nbsp; someone's patented an app and made a windfall&nbsp;&nbsp; of money. They're looking for a tax advantaged&nbsp; business use of the boat, like lake business use,&nbsp;&nbsp; and it becomes difficult because there's just&nbsp; not a lot of borrowing history there. Melanie&nbsp;&nbsp; and I get sometimes we'll get the same clients and&nbsp; they hear the same thing from both of us. We had&nbsp;&nbsp; a client referred to us by different brokers&nbsp; recently and he has a ton of liquidity. He's&nbsp;&nbsp; income is off the chains, but the largest loan&nbsp; he's ever had is a $33,000 truck loan. And to&nbsp;&nbsp; he's looking at boats that are 2 million. He could&nbsp; easily pay cash for that boat. It's been really&nbsp;&nbsp; difficult to get him more than a quarter of a&nbsp; million to 300,000 for a first the first big loan&nbsp;&nbsp; you have probably shouldn't be a boat. You should&nbsp; probably have some other borrowing experience.&nbsp;&nbsp; Now, correct me. Is that your perspective? Or do&nbsp; you think there are workarounds for comparable&nbsp;&nbsp; credit? Yes, credit score is an indication of&nbsp; generally how responsible you are with your&nbsp;&nbsp; credit. However, what really matters to the bank&nbsp; more than the score is the quality of the credit&nbsp;&nbsp; behind the score. How long have the trade lines&nbsp; been open? What's the highest trade line? What's&nbsp;&nbsp; the complexity of debt versus credit limit? How&nbsp; many mortgages have there been? How long have&nbsp;&nbsp; you had them? So, you know, when you get to a&nbsp; client that has what the bank terms as a thin&nbsp;&nbsp; credit file, it represents problems. When we go&nbsp; to look at a luxury item such as a bank, they're&nbsp;&nbsp; looking at historical performance on the credit&nbsp; history and there's nothing to compare it to. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; we will get either a counter offer or we might get&nbsp; a decline based on lack of comparable borrowing&nbsp;&nbsp; history and that is common. And what about that&nbsp; typical minimum credit score then? Just to even&nbsp;&nbsp; begin a conversation, can you give us a sense of&nbsp; that? Anybody watching who is not sure what that&nbsp;&nbsp; even looks like? Yes, I'd really try to stay away&nbsp; from minimum credit score unless we're talking&nbsp;&nbsp; about something that's really subprime in nature&nbsp; because a 700 credit score can be a very good&nbsp;&nbsp; credit score depending upon the quality of what's&nbsp; behind it. So, you know, if there's a lot of&nbsp;&nbsp; derogatories, that's a different story. But when&nbsp; you think about score, the bank the banks use that&nbsp;&nbsp; for pricing purposes. An 800 score will give you a&nbsp; better interest rate than a 700 credit score. Good&nbsp;&nbsp; point. Good clarification. It's like you will&nbsp; fit within the grid for the rate, but as far&nbsp;&nbsp; as qualification, let's Can you say that again,&nbsp; Melanie? That's super important. Absolutely. You&nbsp;&nbsp; know, there's, as I said, an 800 credit score&nbsp; will give you a better interest rate than a&nbsp;&nbsp; 700 credit score, but it's not necessarily an an&nbsp; indication of your credit performance. I have a&nbsp;&nbsp; client right now, super high net worth borrower,&nbsp; plenty of liquidity, but he uses his credit a lot&nbsp;&nbsp; and therefore his score has been suppressed, but&nbsp; it's no indication of his capacity to borrow for&nbsp;&nbsp; a yacht. It does have a bearing on what interest&nbsp; rate he will get. We specialize in entrepreneurs,&nbsp;&nbsp; people that own their own businesses, people that&nbsp; have an entrepreneurial spirit. And the gentleman&nbsp;&nbsp; that I mentioned from the Midwest who wanted to&nbsp; be an East Coast boater, his score was in the&nbsp;&nbsp; high 800s. But he has lots of commercial trade&nbsp; lines and the as a result his trade creditors&nbsp;&nbsp; inquire often and so sometimes the reason for the&nbsp; lower score could be a good reason that he's just&nbsp;&nbsp; a successful businessman who's keeping his trade&nbsp; lines current. He has a lot of inquiries. Um so&nbsp;&nbsp; it's not that every inquiry matters but when you&nbsp; have constant checking it does factor in. Well&nbsp;&nbsp; let's discuss debt to income ratio. That's that's&nbsp; a big one that people talk about. Can you explain&nbsp;&nbsp; that to us? What is debt to income ratio? Yes, I&nbsp; can explain debt to income. As a matter of fact,&nbsp;&nbsp; Kim knows it's part of my spiel that I like to&nbsp; give customers. I call it the the secret sauce.&nbsp;&nbsp; So, you know, debt to income is part of your&nbsp; global picture when a bank is looking at you.&nbsp;&nbsp; It's your house payment, your car payment, the&nbsp; revolving debt that you have on your credit cards,&nbsp;&nbsp; your student loan payments. It's everything that&nbsp; goes into what you pay out every single month.&nbsp;&nbsp; And then we add to that the boat payment. So&nbsp; there's a cap on that and it's it's basically a&nbsp;&nbsp; non-negotiable with the banks what that cap looks&nbsp; like. It varies from bank to bank, but generally&nbsp;&nbsp; speaking, we're safe if we tell our customers the&nbsp; cap on overall debt to monthly income is 40%. That&nbsp;&nbsp; is a good number to use to strategize. Gotcha.&nbsp; That makes sense. And I just want to piggy back&nbsp;&nbsp; on that with the debt to income ratio. If you're&nbsp; making a million dollars a year and you have a 50%&nbsp;&nbsp; debt ratio, that leaves you 500,000 in disposable&nbsp; income after you pay all your bills to live on.&nbsp;&nbsp; But if your household income is a 100,000, that&nbsp; only leaves you 50 to live on. So we do I have&nbsp;&nbsp; seen some of our lenders for entrepreneurs buy at&nbsp; a higher debt to income ratio, but it's generally&nbsp;&nbsp; because they're in a different tax bracket and&nbsp; there's room there, right? And let's talk about&nbsp;&nbsp; the liquid asset requirements. How much does&nbsp; a a lender want to see in the bank or liquid&nbsp;&nbsp; cash? That's a great question. I think it's the&nbsp; number one thing that surprises people. You know,&nbsp;&nbsp; a lot of clients don't want to have a ton of cash&nbsp; in their name personally in the bank. They have&nbsp;&nbsp; real estate investments and other things they're&nbsp; doing with their money. And I would say that would&nbsp;&nbsp; be the number one obstacle or hurdle that we come&nbsp; to where we have to work with people. Banks don't&nbsp;&nbsp; mind if you have it in a business account. They&nbsp; may want to see you balance up in your personal&nbsp;&nbsp; account and they don't mind knowing that you're&nbsp; doing that. They just want to know that in the&nbsp;&nbsp; event of an emergency, your surplus of cash is&nbsp; accessible by you personally. So, okay. And is&nbsp;&nbsp; there a a certain percentage that they want to see&nbsp; of that liquid cash in the bank before allowing&nbsp;&nbsp; let's say we're talking about a million-doll&nbsp; yacht here? Well, again, we're talking in&nbsp;&nbsp; generality. So, it does vary greatly from lender&nbsp; to lender, but what the bank does want to see is&nbsp;&nbsp; when we talk about cash liquid reserves, we're&nbsp; talking about basically non-retirement liquid&nbsp;&nbsp; and non-business liquid. So, what they want to see&nbsp; is that you've got the money for the down payment&nbsp;&nbsp; and that you have the reserves to pay your monthly&nbsp; debt for, let's say, 12 to 18 months in general.&nbsp;&nbsp; Some banks are higher, some banks are lower, but&nbsp; in general, we're looking for cash reserves. If&nbsp;&nbsp; you say 18 months, you're going to be fairly safe&nbsp; in your in your planning. These are things that&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm always talking um with clients about and a&nbsp; lot of them are surprised about what it takes&nbsp;&nbsp; as a self-employed person to actually get a loan.&nbsp; And everyone knows who's self-employed that they&nbsp;&nbsp; want to make it look like they uh don't uh make a&nbsp; lot of money to the government. Um, so therefore&nbsp;&nbsp; they'll put a lot of expenses on their tax&nbsp; returns, but then when it comes to qualifying for&nbsp;&nbsp; a loan, they wish they actually made more money.&nbsp; Uh, so this is a big one that I've I've come&nbsp;&nbsp; across for self-employed people. Can you speak&nbsp; to that, Kim? Sure. I think what distinguishes&nbsp;&nbsp; our team is our wheelhouse is the self-employed&nbsp; entrepreneur. We look at an aggregate or a global&nbsp;&nbsp; cash flow. So, we look at the couple that's&nbsp; applying and their business and we look at all&nbsp;&nbsp; of their debts and all of their income together.&nbsp; Anyone can get someone done that's a W2 with an&nbsp;&nbsp; 800 credit score. But what distinguishes Team New&nbsp; Coast is our ability to look at the big picture.&nbsp;&nbsp; We can add things back that are discretionary. We&nbsp; have some folks that have an American Express that&nbsp;&nbsp; all of their expenses go onto that Amex and we can&nbsp; prove that it's discretionary and recurring. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; we can add some of that back. Same thing with&nbsp; depreciation. You know, now that we've had&nbsp;&nbsp; accelerated depreciation and it's been legitimized&nbsp; this summer, we're extremely busy fourth quarter&nbsp;&nbsp; this year. And I think a lot of those people&nbsp; that have done this for the second time, you&nbsp;&nbsp; have to be keen enough. We had a client that had&nbsp; been declined by a competitor and it was because&nbsp;&nbsp; he accelerated the depreciation on his boat last&nbsp; year and they weren't wise enough to catch that&nbsp;&nbsp; it was a it was a non-cash expenditure. It was a&nbsp; tax maneuver that was completely legitimate and we&nbsp;&nbsp; could add that back in and we were able to get him&nbsp; approved in 24 hours, which is unusual. I don't&nbsp;&nbsp; want to set that expectation, but it was just&nbsp; because we could catch that he had discretionary&nbsp;&nbsp; expenses that his accountant was good with. And uh&nbsp; I know you work with a number of forensic maritime&nbsp;&nbsp; accountants and I saw part of your uh podcast with&nbsp; Mr. whirly and it's interesting what a difference&nbsp;&nbsp; it makes when you have someone who's good at that&nbsp; maximizing tax advantages and then a lender that&nbsp;&nbsp; understands that is a big advantage. Absolutely.&nbsp; So, as a followup to what you were saying earlier&nbsp;&nbsp; where the liquidity requirement can prevent&nbsp; someone from actually qualifying for their loan,&nbsp;&nbsp; what other common reason do you come across for&nbsp; otherwise what looks like a qualified buyer on&nbsp;&nbsp; paper? What are some of the reasons that someone&nbsp; might get denied? Uh we talked already a little&nbsp;&nbsp; bit about the strength of the credit. What else&nbsp; do you see on a regular basis? So other reasons&nbsp;&nbsp; that clients may run into obstacles during this&nbsp; process might be inconsistencies in their package.&nbsp;&nbsp; for example, they recently switched jobs, they&nbsp; recently moved, they changed the way that their&nbsp;&nbsp; accountant does their tax returns, they switched&nbsp; from an S corp to a C corp, they stopped taking a&nbsp;&nbsp; salary. These kinds of inconsistencies, as the&nbsp; bank likes to look backwards to look forward,&nbsp;&nbsp; create concern for the lender. They're looking&nbsp; for consistent patterns and trends of income.&nbsp;&nbsp; So, you know, for a client who might be looking&nbsp; at a boat a year out from now, it's always helpful&nbsp;&nbsp; to have that conversation early to say, "Listen,&nbsp; listen, from a strategy standpoint, maybe you're&nbsp;&nbsp; not taking enough distribution. You're leaving&nbsp; a lot of money in your company." I run into this&nbsp;&nbsp; a lot with people in the construction space.&nbsp; So, their balance sheet requires a decent size&nbsp;&nbsp; balance. If they're bonded and doing construction&nbsp; size jobs, they have to maintain a certain net&nbsp;&nbsp; worth of the company. So they may not distribute&nbsp; the income as much as they could to themselves&nbsp;&nbsp; and that can be easily corrected in the next year&nbsp; by by planning and strategizing what their salary&nbsp;&nbsp; needs to be, what their distributions need&nbsp; to be to qualify for the loan. Conversely,&nbsp;&nbsp; someone who wants to make a change like&nbsp; retirement, you know, we always tell them&nbsp;&nbsp; don't retire in the middle of the transaction and&nbsp; it's best not to retire till after the transaction&nbsp;&nbsp; is done. You're going to sell your company. You're&nbsp; going to get a big influx of cash. You're going to&nbsp;&nbsp; be able to pay cash if you want, but that's not&nbsp; beneficial. But what the bank's going to look at&nbsp;&nbsp; is they're going to say the stream of income, the&nbsp; consistency of income is no longer there. So, how&nbsp;&nbsp; do we underwrite this loan? So, one way that they&nbsp; might be able to look at it is to say that you're&nbsp;&nbsp; going to get this big cash occurrence. We can take&nbsp; that cash occurrence and divide it by the 20 years&nbsp;&nbsp; of the loan or 15 years of the loan and see what&nbsp; that amortized cash balance brings in the way of&nbsp;&nbsp; income. But generally, it's not even close to what&nbsp; the entrepreneur has been making in the past. And&nbsp;&nbsp; that presents a problem. That comes back to the&nbsp; preparation. um in speaking to your CPA or your&nbsp;&nbsp; financial advisor, a purchase like this for people&nbsp; that want to retire or sell everything they own&nbsp;&nbsp; and then quit their jobs and go sail the world.&nbsp; Um, we hear that story a lot and it really is a&nbsp;&nbsp; good idea to speak to someone like you and your&nbsp; financial advisor before making these decisions&nbsp;&nbsp; to be able to know exactly how to set things&nbsp; up so that you have the best decision-making&nbsp;&nbsp; process on when to pull the trigger and when to&nbsp; buy that boat. And sometimes the time that you&nbsp;&nbsp; have ahead of you helps you correct something or&nbsp; put something in place that you may need in order&nbsp;&nbsp; to get the most favorable, you know, condition&nbsp; for you to borrow and and qualify. Agree, Marilyn,&nbsp;&nbsp; the earlier they come to us, the better um for&nbsp; us to help them. And a lot of banks evaluate&nbsp;&nbsp; non-consummated ratio, but I think Melanie and&nbsp; I have both built our commercial lending careers&nbsp;&nbsp; or our yacht lending careers on getting people to&nbsp; be comfortable and to qualify very very early so&nbsp;&nbsp; that things go smoothly as it's a very stressful&nbsp; time as you get close to the delivery date. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's important to start early. Since we were&nbsp; talking about things that can trip the bo,&nbsp;&nbsp; things we wish we knew beforehand, what can we&nbsp; do to be better prepared? Is there something that&nbsp;&nbsp; you've learned from negotiating with a borrower&nbsp; the following steps post survey documentation&nbsp;&nbsp; concerns? Can you speak to that process a little&nbsp; bit in regards to that stage of the transaction?&nbsp;&nbsp; Sure. So post survey when the client's deciding&nbsp; whether they want to accept the vessel and they're&nbsp;&nbsp; negotiating small things with the seller that&nbsp; they'd like to fix. I would say at that time since&nbsp;&nbsp; you know you're going to probably reach agreement&nbsp; on the vessel you would be looking at your forming&nbsp;&nbsp; your LLC speaking to a maritime attorney if there&nbsp; are any tariffs there's a lots of good tariff&nbsp;&nbsp; avoidance easy tariff avoidance strategies if you&nbsp; think back just a few years ago Florida had no&nbsp;&nbsp; state tax cap so we were very adept at offshore&nbsp; closings and um you know shell corporations and&nbsp;&nbsp; foreign corps as owners of a vessel so I think...&nbsp; That's just... that's the time when you start&nbsp;&nbsp; thinking about how to structure your purchase&nbsp; appropriately. You may have spoken about it&nbsp;&nbsp; earlier, but you want to make sure you're spending&nbsp; your money wisely. So, we usually wait until after&nbsp;&nbsp; survey to do some of those things. If I could&nbsp; just add to that, I would say there's a lot of&nbsp;&nbsp; importance to paying attention to the details, the&nbsp; little things. So, you might see a boat that you&nbsp;&nbsp; really like and and it may have high time on the&nbsp; engines and that may not be of a concern to you,&nbsp;&nbsp; but it might be of a concern to the bank. Um, you&nbsp; know, little things can lead to lengthy repairs or&nbsp;&nbsp; trigger repair concerns. So, as they're going&nbsp; through and they're selecting their surveyor,&nbsp;&nbsp; they're reviewing the survey, pay attention to the&nbsp; details. you know, is there a smell that might be&nbsp;&nbsp; a warning signal of something more significant?&nbsp; Is the bilge clean? Does that give you some&nbsp;&nbsp; indication of how the boat has been maintained?&nbsp; Um, the importance of a timely title and lean&nbsp;&nbsp; search to find out is the boat opened by owned by&nbsp; a trust, is it tied up in a a divorce situation?&nbsp;&nbsp; Could there be a deceased owner? All of these&nbsp; things add time and intricacy to the closing. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; we want to be able to deal with those things early&nbsp; on and make sure that they're being addressed. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; it is little things that that a lot of times&nbsp; customers don't even think about that can give&nbsp;&nbsp; you the the wow like, oh, I didn't anticipate&nbsp; that. And to piggyback what Melanie said,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, some of that we can do early, like we'll&nbsp; actually do the title work, the search a little&nbsp;&nbsp; early because if it is owned by two people, one&nbsp; of the people on title is deceased or one is an&nbsp;&nbsp; LLC. We want to vet the ownership, make sure the&nbsp; appropriate person's signing the bill of sale,&nbsp;&nbsp; we're going to send a few hundred thousand of your&nbsp; money or a few million. We want to make sure that&nbsp;&nbsp; we're not giving them the money without being&nbsp; able to perfect your ownership of the boat. And&nbsp;&nbsp; then a few things we can add from experience too&nbsp; on details that can trip bars relate to charter&nbsp;&nbsp; and charter management. Perhaps you can say a few&nbsp; words to how charter companies need to be vetted&nbsp;&nbsp; and also how do you factor in income from charter&nbsp; operations if at all. Right. So people have these&nbsp;&nbsp; questions. Kim, can you speak to that? Sure. There&nbsp; are a ton of credible charter management companies&nbsp;&nbsp; and since they are maintaining our collateral.&nbsp; Um we do do some research and we have lists of&nbsp;&nbsp; uh charter companies that have been vetted. If&nbsp; you'd like to be added as a charter management&nbsp;&nbsp; company to our finance approved list, we can help&nbsp; you through that process. It's not difficult. Um&nbsp;&nbsp; we've done it for so many years. We can make it&nbsp; an easy and seamless thing. But if you think about&nbsp;&nbsp; it, you're going to be far away from your boat&nbsp; potentially and someone else will be managing&nbsp;&nbsp; it. And we have charter management companies. I&nbsp; say that not so much as a coffee mug will change&nbsp;&nbsp; hands on a boat that Amanda doesn't know about,&nbsp; you know. So, it's um it's an important part of&nbsp;&nbsp; the process. And there's full-time fleet charter&nbsp; where it's a managed part of a fleet. Um, and then&nbsp;&nbsp; there's part-time light limited charter primarily&nbsp; for tax purposes where the client will use their&nbsp;&nbsp; boat and they'll block out the Google calendar for&nbsp; the weeks that the owner would like. And then on&nbsp;&nbsp; the weeks that it's not being used, they may want&nbsp; to charter just to offset insurance and dockage&nbsp;&nbsp; fees and things. With regard to the income, um,&nbsp; maybe I can defer to Melanie. I know we we know&nbsp;&nbsp; that it's there, but we're not calculating that as&nbsp; part of your debt to income ratio formally right&nbsp;&nbsp; now. Charter income is considered by the lenders&nbsp; unearned income. So therefore, they cannot count&nbsp;&nbsp; that towards your debt to income or your overall&nbsp; income. You may in your mind think, well, gee,&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm going to get 5,000 a week, 10,000 a week to&nbsp; 12,000 a month, whatever the number is to offset&nbsp;&nbsp; expense, but know that the bank's not including&nbsp; that. They're not including that. There's no&nbsp;&nbsp; record of it being earned income. It's not on your&nbsp; tax returns. Therefore, they can't consider it.&nbsp;&nbsp; Where that situation might change is in the event&nbsp; that you're buying a super yacht that comes with&nbsp;&nbsp; it a lengthy charter history. And part of the&nbsp; reason the attraction of buying that particular&nbsp;&nbsp; boat might be because of the charter history&nbsp; that goes with it and it's documented and that's&nbsp;&nbsp; a whole different story. But when it comes to&nbsp; charter, what's really important is to clue us in&nbsp;&nbsp; early that there is charter. Because if you're out&nbsp; there and you're shopping for an interest rate,&nbsp;&nbsp; I want the best interest rate that that you&nbsp; could possibly get. And we do. We get you the&nbsp;&nbsp; best interest rate. It's possibly with a lender&nbsp; that doesn't allow any charter. So now we've&nbsp;&nbsp; gotten you an approval that you literally can't&nbsp; use because we didn't know from the beginning&nbsp;&nbsp; that charter was part of the plan. And a lot&nbsp; of times clients think, well, I'm not going to&nbsp;&nbsp; tell them about that because it's going to cost&nbsp; me more for insurance or it might be a problem.&nbsp;&nbsp; But we need to know that. But we're your partner,&nbsp; you know, we really need to know that so that we&nbsp;&nbsp; can do the right thing to help you get with the&nbsp; right lending bank, the the right lending loan,&nbsp;&nbsp; and give you a loan that is that works for your&nbsp; needs. We could put you with a lender whose loan&nbsp;&nbsp; documents absolutely preclude any charter of any&nbsp; nature, and you know, then we just put you in&nbsp;&nbsp; jeopardy. So that's very important to understand&nbsp; the need of charter, the type of charter from the&nbsp;&nbsp; very beginning of the transaction and it is so&nbsp; specific. Uh we could literally have an entire&nbsp;&nbsp; episode about the charter status of a vessel&nbsp; and its impact on the transaction. So if you&nbsp;&nbsp; have comments and questions, please comment. We&nbsp; can get those answered at a later time. I wanted&nbsp;&nbsp; to wrap up now with all right, someone is now&nbsp; ready to call on to you whether they're looking&nbsp;&nbsp; to buy a boat next month or next year. Can you&nbsp; speak a little bit to the application process,&nbsp;&nbsp; the turnaround, what folks can expect? Sure. I&nbsp; think one thing Melanie and I would both agree&nbsp;&nbsp; on is um getting an approval early is really&nbsp; important. I think that for a new build,&nbsp;&nbsp; we would do a builder's comfort letter. So the&nbsp; builder has all these different production slots&nbsp;&nbsp; and a lot of our clients could easily pay cash&nbsp; but getting a letter on letterhead from a credible&nbsp;&nbsp; finance partner does help the builders when&nbsp; they're buying resin in mass during COVID there&nbsp;&nbsp; was a building supply chain bit of a shortage and&nbsp; they were able to anybody that was pre-approved&nbsp;&nbsp; was covered by the builders so that was nice.&nbsp; There's also I know Melanie and I both make a&nbsp;&nbsp; lot of introductions very early on. So the there&nbsp; different people that form LLC's inexpensively and&nbsp;&nbsp; well that that are bonded that will protect your&nbsp; family. And we make all of those introductions&nbsp;&nbsp; very early on so that those questions can be&nbsp; asked and answered pretty quickly. And if you&nbsp;&nbsp; have not yet identified a vessel and you're trying&nbsp; to figure out for how much you might be approved,&nbsp;&nbsp; how long does it take you to make that&nbsp; determination and what is it conditional&nbsp;&nbsp; upon? The more complicated the financial picture,&nbsp; the longer the loan might take. But in general,&nbsp;&nbsp; I mean, allow yourself three to five days. We're&nbsp; like looking at a very major investment to think,&nbsp;&nbsp; can we get an approval in 12 hours? Sometimes, but&nbsp; in general, why rush the process? This is a very&nbsp;&nbsp; expensive investment that you're making. And you&nbsp; need to allow yourself enough time so that we can&nbsp;&nbsp; do our best efforts for you. I like to think that,&nbsp; you know, it's a team effort. Us and our clients,&nbsp;&nbsp; we work together very much as a team. and the and&nbsp; and with transparency um with communication back&nbsp;&nbsp; and forth, good communication, we really can do&nbsp; and trust and trust is a real big part of it. So&nbsp;&nbsp; trust, transparency, teamwork, all those things&nbsp; go together to help deliver a great product for&nbsp;&nbsp; the client. But um I like to think that in in most&nbsp; instances from start to finish, an average loan&nbsp;&nbsp; is probably three weeks, maybe four. It can be&nbsp; done in less, but again, it's not a process that&nbsp;&nbsp; should be rushed. Agreed. And sometimes there&nbsp; are surprises along the way, right? So, you&nbsp;&nbsp; may have an initial approval or you have a sense&nbsp; of what you're trying to do and then depending&nbsp;&nbsp; on the boat that you're looking to acquire, some&nbsp; things can come up, whether as you said, it's on&nbsp;&nbsp; the lean search or a question following survey. So&nbsp; having that network of professionals that you can&nbsp;&nbsp; lean on and and you can make recommendations to&nbsp; to other partners if you are not uh the ones to&nbsp;&nbsp; answer a particular question that the good thing&nbsp; about the marine industry is we're all very well&nbsp;&nbsp; interconnected with those specialists who can help&nbsp; support your client and our clients. Maryline,&nbsp;&nbsp; thank you. And one of the things Amanda asked&nbsp; earlier, you know, you'd never get in a car&nbsp;&nbsp; with a real estate agent and waste their time&nbsp; unless you at least had a cursory pre-approval.&nbsp;&nbsp; And all we're saying is that we would love to do&nbsp; that for you. If you're not sure about the boat,&nbsp;&nbsp; we will ask you what age range or what size range&nbsp; and what the needs of your family might be. We can&nbsp;&nbsp; select a boat and once you're pre-approved, you&nbsp; can change the collateral out as you continue to&nbsp;&nbsp; shop around and it puts you in the right price&nbsp; range with the white right people and certain&nbsp;&nbsp; brands. There are brokers that are that are&nbsp; connected to certain brands. We can certainly&nbsp;&nbsp; make introductions and things like that. So, can&nbsp; you speak to commitment letter and typically how&nbsp;&nbsp; long it's good for? We had a customer who was&nbsp; a professor at Harvard. His wife had a small&nbsp;&nbsp; online jewelry store that was very lucrative. And&nbsp; they came to me 2 years ago and they were like,&nbsp;&nbsp; "I'm buying a boat in 2025. What's your rate?"&nbsp; Well, rates are only good for 30 days at a time&nbsp;&nbsp; in our industry. So, but we can vet them. We did&nbsp; everything that we suggested. We helped them set&nbsp;&nbsp; up the LLC. actually ended up paying cash and now&nbsp; we're working on recapturing for them. But um the&nbsp;&nbsp; approval itself is only good for 60 days. We have&nbsp; people that buy boats like a new build. They were&nbsp;&nbsp; looking at three different really high-end brands&nbsp; and you know we'll we'll get them preapproved in&nbsp;&nbsp; the fall and it may take them through the spring&nbsp; to vet their brokerage boat or their new build may&nbsp;&nbsp; be completing in the summer of the following year.&nbsp; So we'll just get them a pre-approval so that they&nbsp;&nbsp; know they're entering a transaction and were the&nbsp; boat done today, they would qualify. So they have&nbsp;&nbsp; that confidence to move forward a lot of times.&nbsp; Perfect. And just like that. And just like that,&nbsp;&nbsp; you're a boat owner. Any last words of wisdom&nbsp; before we part ways?From Melanie, Kim? I just&nbsp;&nbsp; would say if you're thinking about buying a boat,&nbsp; whether it's a center console or a multi-million&nbsp;&nbsp; dollar mega yacht, call your banker early. Kim&nbsp; Madigan, Melanie Jolles with Newcoast. We're both&nbsp;&nbsp; very welcoming of clients. Every person that comes&nbsp; up to us at the booth says, "I'm buying a boat."&nbsp;&nbsp; two to three years from now, we don't mind. We'd&nbsp; love to help you figure it out early so that you&nbsp;&nbsp; can proceed smoothly and you know have one-stop&nbsp; shopping. Especially in the sale market, not as&nbsp;&nbsp; much in the power market, but the sale market.&nbsp; They'll come up to you at a show and they'll say,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Four years from now, five years from now,&nbsp; I want to buy this boat." But what's good&nbsp;&nbsp; about that is they're actually thinking about it.&nbsp; They're getting that information early so that we&nbsp;&nbsp; can be effective in helping them. I mean, we love&nbsp; this opportunity to share our knowledge and help&nbsp;&nbsp; them be prepared for success. The most frustrating&nbsp; thing would be to sell your company, have all the&nbsp;&nbsp; have the cash, want to want to buy this dreamboat,&nbsp; and then find that your opportunities for finance&nbsp;&nbsp; are limited because we didn't strategize and help&nbsp; you plan in advance. Yeah, that's that's probably&nbsp;&nbsp; one of the key takeaways is the strategizing and&nbsp; the planning in advance it takes to understanding&nbsp;&nbsp; yacht finance is really one of the things that&nbsp; people need to educate themselves on. So, thank&nbsp;&nbsp; you for giving us that education. You know, we're&nbsp; here to make the entire yacht buying experience&nbsp;&nbsp; more seamless, as tax advantaged as possible and&nbsp; enjoyable. And all too often, it's like going to&nbsp;&nbsp; the dentist. People get nervous when they have to&nbsp; talk to a banker. But I think we can help people.&nbsp;&nbsp; And I guess if I had one message, I would just say&nbsp; start early. Yep. Thank you so much, Kim. Melanie,&nbsp;&nbsp; we'll put the link to your website where to&nbsp; find you uh in the episode. Thanks again and&nbsp;&nbsp; we'll see you at the next boat show or on&nbsp; the water. Maryline, thanks for having us.

  Top Comments:
  1. @anac4950 [5 likes]: So interesting
  2. @jlivings2010 [5 likes]: Though we intend to pay cash, I still found value in this content. Well done.
  3. @martinfrederickboats [5 likes]: Lots to learn there!! Well done.
  4. @Sv-Rodeless [3 likes]: Couldn't agree more with starting the conversation early. Gives you the knowledge and the time to adjust your situation and lend in better circumstances. I have found this to be the BEST advice.
  5. @amandassailingadventure [3 likes]: Well done, Kim & Melanie! Thanks for sharing your knowledge and experience with us.
  6. @FullDisplacementPodcast [2 likes]: Well done, team Newcoast. 😃
  7. @CurrentYachts [2 likes]: What questions do you have for Melanie and Kim on yacht financing? What have you learned from this episode?
  8. @Velociraptor6301 [1 likes]: Like to see a discussion on financing on building a new boat.  We are building a 50 ft yacht and it has been a nightmare getting someone to finance it.
  9. @CurrentYachts: ⬇Download our yacht buying budget spreadsheet here: https://youtube.currentyachts.com/downloads
  10. @luisbotetvideos: I wish you could answer questions about Crypto buyers. Jump ahead…this topic will come in mass pretty soon.
  11. @daviddivad-1809: You ladies are killing it!  Thanks so much for the content!

- 🚤 How to Finance Your Dream Yacht | Yacht Loans & Ownership Costs Explained! 🌊💰 YachtBuying101.com: Kind: captions Language: en thinking about financing your dream yacht it's an exciting Journey but it can also be a bit overwhelming if you don't know where to start here's what you need to know yacht financing Made Simple we will guide you through the essential steps to make your yacht buying experience as smooth as possible financing a yacht doesn't have to be complicated with the right information and guidance you can navigate the process with ease let's break down everything you need to know to secure your dream vessel from understanding loan options to working with the right experts we've got you covered step one how do yacht loans work understanding the basics is crucial yacht financing Works similarly to a mortgage or an auto loan but with some unique factors these include the type of yacht its age and your intended use most loans require 20% down with terms up to 20 years this means you'll need to have a substantial down payment ready step two the importance of pre-qualification this step can save you a lot of time and hassle pre-qualification gives you a clear understanding of your buying power and helps you move quickly when you find the right yacht it also shows sellers that you're a serious buyer step three check your credit your credit score plays a significant role in the financing process strong credit history and financial stability are key a higher credit score can help you secure better loan terms and low lower interest rates lenders will evaluate your credit score income and debt to income ratio make sure your financials are in good shape before applying step four account for total ownership costs owning a yacht involves more than just the loan payments your monthly payment isn't the only expense you'll need to budget for taxes Insurance docking and maintenance to avoid surprises remember to set an ownership budget as costs can add up quickly yacht and boat loan brokers can help you evaluate this step five work with experts having the right team on your side can make all the difference choosing the right financing partner is critical look for lenders who specialize in yacht loans and understand the Marine industry their expertise can help you navigate the complexities of yacht financing step six highlight your experience your boating experience can impact your loan approval many lenders consider your voting experience approving a loan if you're new to yachting taking a safety course can help it shows lenders that you're committed to safe boating practices step seven secure Insurance early insurance is a crucial part of yacht ownership lenders often require proof of insurance before closing work with an experienced broker to find the right coverage for your needs they can help you navigate the various Insurance options available step eight understand loan terms it's essential to know what you're signing up for for take the time to review interest rates repayment terms and propayment penalties to avoid costly surprises understanding these terms can save you money in the long run ready to make your dream of yacht ownership a reality with the right preparation you can set sale with confidence visit ypcs direct.com for full specs and layouts or head to yacht buying 101.com for a complimentary consultation and Yacht buying guide these resources can provide valuable insights and help you make informed decisions let's make your yacht buying Journey smooth and stressfree with the right knowledge and support you'll be enjoying your dream yacht in no time for additional information please feel free to email me at tsed yachts.com also feel free to text me at 404 805 [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @MintedYachts: 💼 Complementary Yacht Buying Guide: www.YachtBuying101.com
🚤 Specs & Brochures Visit: www.YachtSpecsDirect.com

- Buying a yacht for the first time? Avoid these traps!: Kind: captions Language: en Are you a first-time boat buyer? Let's walk you&nbsp; through the complete buying process. Every year,&nbsp;&nbsp; thousands of first-time boat buyers make huge&nbsp; mistakes. They either underestimate the cost, skip&nbsp;&nbsp; a critical step without knowing it, or choose the&nbsp; wrong boat altogether. I'm Maryline Bossar with&nbsp;&nbsp; Current Yachts, and in this video, I will condense&nbsp; my 15 years of expertise in the marine industry to&nbsp;&nbsp; guide you through your first yacht purchase. Now,&nbsp; before you start shopping, let's start with brutal&nbsp;&nbsp; honesty about how you'll use your boat. Will you&nbsp; cruise every weekend or twice a season? Entertain&nbsp;&nbsp; clients or take the family on a weekend getaway,&nbsp; coastal day trips or offshore passages. What is&nbsp;&nbsp; your own boating experience? Because different&nbsp; yacht types serve specific purposes. Motoryachts&nbsp;&nbsp; offer speed and comfort but burn fuel. Trawlers&nbsp; are efficient long-range cruisers with slower&nbsp;&nbsp; speeds. Sailboats provide economical cruising&nbsp; but require skill and time. Catamarans great&nbsp;&nbsp; stability and space but higher cost and limited&nbsp; slip availability. So match the vessel type&nbsp;&nbsp; to your actual plan, not a fantasy plan. And if&nbsp; you're taking a partner or a family on this ride,&nbsp;&nbsp; make sure you get their buy in too. And please do&nbsp; your research. Manufacturer websites sell dreams,&nbsp;&nbsp; but real research happens with boaters. So whether&nbsp; in cruising forums at first and then conversation&nbsp;&nbsp; with boat owners and even marine contractors.,talk&nbsp; to actual owners about maintenance costs,&nbsp;&nbsp; access to spare parts, common issues. Speak&nbsp; to your surveyor if you can. Bottom line,&nbsp;&nbsp; find boaters relevant to your cruising goals and&nbsp; your boat purchase. Next, you want to consider&nbsp;&nbsp; representation. Here is something many first-time&nbsp; buyers don't know. Working with a qualified yacht&nbsp;&nbsp; broker usually costs you nothing. The seller&nbsp; pays the commission on pre-owned vessels,&nbsp;&nbsp; as long as you don't call on to the listing broker&nbsp; because they'll happily hold your hand but will&nbsp;&nbsp; not have your back. Remember, they are serving&nbsp; their sellers's interests first. A knowledgeable&nbsp;&nbsp; broker brings you access to off-market listings,&nbsp; handles negotiation, coordinates surveys, and may&nbsp;&nbsp; suggest best practices and marine professionals.&nbsp; So, trust me when I say this, we know the red&nbsp;&nbsp; flags. Doing it without a broker to guide you is&nbsp; absolutely possible, but it is recommended for&nbsp;&nbsp; experienced boat owners. Will you know what all&nbsp; the steps are? Think researching models and brands&nbsp;&nbsp; as well as market values, arranging financing and&nbsp; documentation, identifying marine contractors,&nbsp;&nbsp; scheduling surveys, negotiating an offer price&nbsp; and the contingencies, coordinating a trial run,&nbsp;&nbsp; and finally preparing for closing. And you&nbsp; probably won't save any money for skipping&nbsp;&nbsp; a broker. For that, you'll want to better&nbsp; understand co-brokerage. I'll link to this&nbsp;&nbsp; video where commission dynamics will be explained&nbsp; to you in detail. The key is finding a broker who&nbsp;&nbsp; specializes in your target vessel type and&nbsp; size range, understands your cruising plans,&nbsp;&nbsp; is responsive, and communicates on your timeline.&nbsp; On the new versus pre-owned boat consideration,&nbsp;&nbsp; if your budget allows it, new boats offer&nbsp; great warranties and the latest systems, even&nbsp;&nbsp; customization, which also comes with immediate&nbsp; depreciation. New boats are usually sold by a&nbsp;&nbsp; dedicated dealership. So, their salesperson will&nbsp; before all serve the interests of the dealership&nbsp;&nbsp; and the brand they serve. And while you're often&nbsp; not able to bring your own representation, it's&nbsp;&nbsp; worth asking. Pre-owned vessels usually provide&nbsp; better value and a track record if the model has&nbsp;&nbsp; been around for a while. The sweet spot is usually&nbsp; 3 to 7 years past the initial depreciation,&nbsp;&nbsp; but before major refits are needed. And if you're&nbsp; considering a boat manufactured abroad, find out&nbsp;&nbsp; right away if the vessel is duty paid. If not,&nbsp; this will put a serious dent in your budget. Now,&nbsp;&nbsp; before we turn to finance, thanks for watching&nbsp; this far. I really hope this video is helpful to&nbsp;&nbsp; you. If it is, please like and share this video&nbsp; with a friend. And quick story, my friend Jayne&nbsp;&nbsp; actually asked me to make this video. and she's&nbsp; a professional captain and an experienced boat&nbsp;&nbsp; owner who sold her sailboat this winter without a&nbsp; broker to a first-time buyer with zero experience.&nbsp;&nbsp; The headaches were so significant that she told&nbsp; me she'd gladly pay the commission to avoid doing&nbsp;&nbsp; it again. So, if someone with her experience&nbsp; says that, I think it's worth listening to. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; let's move on to the financial demands of buying&nbsp; a boat so you are better equipped to choose the&nbsp;&nbsp; right path forward. So, what are the financial&nbsp; realities of a boat buyer? We're going to break&nbsp;&nbsp; down boat loans, insurance, and cost of ownership.&nbsp; Marine financing differs from auto loans. They&nbsp;&nbsp; tend to have stricter underwriting guidelines.&nbsp; The down payment is typically 20% down with terms&nbsp;&nbsp; up to 20 years. Now, that depends on the vessel&nbsp; age and the value of the boat. Some lenders have&nbsp;&nbsp; minimum loan amounts, others have specialties like&nbsp; boats placed in charter programs. So, one thing&nbsp;&nbsp; to keep in mind, many will require a survey by an&nbsp; accredited surveyor as will your insurance broker.&nbsp;&nbsp; Your credit score, debt to income ratio, and down&nbsp; payment will determine your rate. And many buyers&nbsp;&nbsp; finance larger purchases, but choose to pay cash&nbsp; for boats under $100,000 to avoid interest on a&nbsp;&nbsp; depreciating asset. So, ask your yacht broker for&nbsp; some suggestions or feel free to browse our marine&nbsp;&nbsp; directory. I will link to it in the description&nbsp; below. Second, insurance. Another major financial&nbsp;&nbsp; consideration for you and you must absolutely&nbsp; get insurance growth before you buy, sometimes&nbsp;&nbsp; months ahead so you know what to expect. Premiums&nbsp; can vary dramatically based on the vessel type,&nbsp;&nbsp; your experience, your navigational area, and so&nbsp; on. A 35 ft express cruiser in the Northeast might&nbsp;&nbsp; cost you $1,500 annually, but a 50 ft offshore&nbsp; boat in Florida could run you $8,000. Carriers&nbsp;&nbsp; will often require training courses or time with a&nbsp; captain on board if you are a new first-time boat&nbsp;&nbsp; buyer or jumping to a new boat category. Third,&nbsp; ownership cost. You need to budget 10 to 12% of&nbsp;&nbsp; the purchase price annually for maintenance and&nbsp; operation. A $300,000 yacht means that $30,000 per&nbsp;&nbsp; year will cover your sleep fees, insurance, fuel,&nbsp; maintenance and storage, perhaps some repairs. But&nbsp;&nbsp; this is not optional. It's reality. And it could&nbsp; be more if you add crew. Add bottom paint every&nbsp;&nbsp; year or two, regular hole cleaning and engine&nbsp; service, electronics upgrade, rig replacement,&nbsp;&nbsp; and other repairs. Larger vessels will of course&nbsp; have more complex systems and may cost a lot more.&nbsp;&nbsp; And of course, location will have a huge impact&nbsp; on the cost and availability of marine services.&nbsp;&nbsp; By the way, I know all this sounds like a lot.&nbsp; If you're interested in seeing our yacht buying&nbsp;&nbsp; budget spreadsheet, download it for free from&nbsp; the link I've posted below. We have worked with&nbsp;&nbsp; countless buyers to refine it over time. And it's&nbsp; been a game-changer. Let's talk next about due&nbsp;&nbsp; diligence. If I can drive one point home with you&nbsp; today, please do not ever skip the pre-purchase&nbsp;&nbsp; survey. After your offer on a boat has been&nbsp; accepted and you've paid a deposit of usually 10%,&nbsp;&nbsp; you're officially under contract and it's on you,&nbsp; the buyer, to hire a qualified marine surveyor to&nbsp;&nbsp; evaluate whole integrity, systems, and safety&nbsp; equipment. This cost varies significantly by&nbsp;&nbsp; region and boat type, anywhere from $20 to $50&nbsp; per foot, but it protects you from catastrophic&nbsp;&nbsp; mistakes. Survey findings become negotiation&nbsp; leverage and inform your insurance company.&nbsp;&nbsp; Be sure to watch this video for a deep dive on&nbsp; pre-purchase surveys with a seasoned surveyor from&nbsp;&nbsp; South Florida with over 35 years of experience.&nbsp; Your broker should always accompany you, but&nbsp;&nbsp; if you don't have a broker, ask a knowledgeable&nbsp; boating friend to come along. And where will you&nbsp;&nbsp; keep your new boat? You'll want to secure your&nbsp; slip or storage before closing on your vessel.&nbsp;&nbsp; Desirable marinas have long waitlists and new&nbsp; boaters are shocked at the rates of transit&nbsp;&nbsp; slips that are considerably more than annual&nbsp; contracts. So take your time in studying your&nbsp;&nbsp; options and consider private dock rentals if&nbsp; available in your region. Remember your vessel&nbsp;&nbsp; type and size will dictate a lot of this. Mooring&nbsp; balls may be your only option in some places. Dry&nbsp;&nbsp; stack storage saves money but limits last-minute&nbsp; outings. And if keeping the boat somewhere else,&nbsp;&nbsp; research transport costs or added travel time&nbsp; for each outing or season. Visit prospective&nbsp;&nbsp; marinas and inquire about their services. Things&nbsp; like fuel docks access, pump-out facilities,&nbsp;&nbsp; power capacity, security service, laundry services&nbsp; if you're liveaboard, and of course the community&nbsp;&nbsp; atmosphere. In closing, here is what makes it&nbsp; all worthwhile. The boating community. You'll&nbsp;&nbsp; find experienced captains who share knowledge&nbsp; freely, crews who assist during emergencies,&nbsp;&nbsp; and lifelong friendships formed at anchor or&nbsp; at the dock. You'll become part of a community&nbsp;&nbsp; that you probably didn't even know existed. So,&nbsp; please do your research, work with professionals,&nbsp;&nbsp; understand true costs, and buy the right boat&nbsp; for your actual needs. The water is waiting.&nbsp;&nbsp; Questions about the boat buying process? Drop&nbsp; them in the comments below and subscribe for&nbsp;&nbsp; more practical yacht ownership guidance.&nbsp; And we'll see you on the water. Fair winds.

  Top Comments:
  1. @xfernandez11 [7 likes]: Wow! So much packed into one video, but it is all spot on! I’m on my second liveaboard boat and everything she says is true. Take notes!
  2. @Haladmer [5 likes]: Something else to note, in boating, age of the hull often has a huge impact on a lot of other factors.  If your hull is 10-15yo and had sails, insurance is going to basically mandate new rigging (or at the least a very thorough rigging inspection by a highly accredited inspection team), even without sails,  insurance brokers are starting to shy away from boats over 15yo, so insurance will be a premium.  Over 20yo boats are damned near impossible in the US to insure for anything other than liability now.

For mooring/berths, a lot of marinas are fine if your boat is older, as long as it is "clean" (presentable, no visible damage/leaks/etc...), but over 10yo, and expect to provide recent (and time/date stamped) photos.  Most marinas now also require proof of at least liability insurance to tie-off, and there are some that won't take in boats 20yo+ for anything other than "transit" berthing.

Finally, if you're planning to liveaboard, know that marinas have been cutting back on available slips across the board, and in popular areas, you can be facing a wait list of months to 10+ years.  For example, the SF area's Pier 39 marina has frozen their waitlist because it was well over a decade long with no hope of it clearing in the immediate future.

Boating is great, and boat ownership is exciting at the start, but as the video said, be realistic in your plans and expectations, emergencies on boats are not like life ashore, you will often only have yourself and YouTube videos for support underway.  When you're in port though, people crawl out from every stone and barnacle to offer advice, as long as you're not "that person".  If you don't know what I mean, you'll often know them almost immediately when you meet them lol
  3. @markt4297 [5 likes]: I've been searching YT for buying a sailboat and they ones that came up were 4 to 5 years. Glad you saw the need.
  4. @FSBO-Boats [4 likes]: Well done! 💥
  5. @410films2 [4 likes]: Awesome Job, Maryline!! Looking forward to more valuable content like this!
  6. @ejgordon7548 [3 likes]: I’m thinking about buying a used Nordhavn in the $3 M range. Can you tell me if the operational costs of the boat (maintenance, insurance, fuel etc) will be approximately 10% of the purchase price / year even if the boat is relatively new. (2 - 3 years old)
  7. @daviddivad-1809 [2 likes]: Excellent video!
  8. @TimHPop776 [2 likes]: Excellent information 🎉

Thanks ☺️
  9. @jgrudnicki [2 likes]: So you make a 10% deposit and then hire a surveyor. If he finds problems not disclosed and the seller does not want to fix or reduce the price accordingly do you get your 10% deposit back?
  10. @martinfrederickboats [2 likes]: What a great intro into buying and owning a boat! Congrats. Nice editing too.👌
  11. @greglight3745 [2 likes]: Of course the seller paid the commission, from the proceeds paid by the buyer.
  12. @HopeOfJoe [2 likes]: This was very informative and needed as we are looking currently. Do represent buyers?
  13. @luisbotetvideos [1 likes]: You say the seller pays the buyers broker comission on PREVIOUS OWNED boats, what about BRAND NEW from dealer. Inerested on a Sirena 60.
  14. @jsd354 [1 likes]: My smallest boat was 14 ft my largest 43 ft. I would need a couple days to remember the number of boats I’ve owned. I would need longer to recall the amount of wealth I’ve wasted on boats. Incidentally I have a Coast Guard 100 ton license. My advice is “don’t do it” run, save yourself. If you are infected with buying a boat get a 1.5 or 2.5 ton Ford or Dodge pickup and only buy something you can tow and store in your backyard.
  15. @CurrentYachts: ➡ Make sure to download our boat buyer's checklist here: https://currentyachts.com/resources/downloads/buyer-checklist
  16. @michaelsimmons7003: If you're only looking at 20-40 K  boats as your first boat will a broker, still be willing to work with you?
  17. @MAGApepe: NOT THAT DUMB LOL

- How To Write-Off A $1.1 Million Yacht (Tax Strategies) - Karlton Dennis "The Tax Alchemist": Kind: captions Language: en i know you've you've you have some amazing testimonials is there any one that like stands out in your mind like a big one and i want to say if i recall correctly there's like somebody where you save like a hundred thousand dollars or something it was somebody in real estate and like had they not used this strategy they would have completely missed out on a hundred thousand dollars is there anything like that or you can tell the audience of like some some major testimonials where you're like wow that thank god this guy came to see me yeah there was definitely a a testimonial that has surfaced um pretty um pretty greatly throughout the marketplace um carla dennis and associates three years ago we helped a client write off a 1.1 million dollar yacht i really like i really like sharing this story because you bring up the fact that um there's influencers who can write off pretty much anything and i really believe that if you have a good understanding of the tax laws that you truly can write off almost anything so we had this client who came to us she was on the tv show million dollar listings which is like a tv show for real estate agents who are growing their businesses and uh she still sells beach uh sells real estate um beachfront property real estate in newport beach dana point so she came into our office threw her tax returns on my table and said let's see what you can do when i opened up her tax returns i saw that she had a notice from the irs they were dissing allowing her vehicle and the irs was assessing her 1.7 million dollars because the yacht cost her 1.1 million so she got the tax deduction but they were charging her penalties and interest fees for the taxes that she was supposed to pay so she had already went to two or three other cpas keep in mind guys i'm not a cpa i'm an enrolled agent so i just do tax strategy the cpas told her that she should have never bought the yacht it's not a business expense after going over why she bought the yacht with them she got extremely frustrated so she told me why she bought the eye she said carlton the reason why i bought the yacht is because my clients like to see their properties that they're thinking of purchasing from the views of the beach yeah i sell beachfront real estate in crystal cove laguna beach the clients i have are high net worth individuals they don't want to drive around in a car with me they want a different experience i host clients weekly i have a captain that logs all of the members who come in and off of my boat and i even host a monthly seminar for other real estate agents on my yacht so she starts showing me some photos on her phone uh she starts sharing with me some of the flyers that have been printed out of the past events that she had so i had her email everything to me and then when i went to go visit the irs auditor the most important piece of item that i had was the log book uh that the captain had with all the names of the people who came on and off of the boat that matched up with the receipts of the expenses when she was spending money on alcohol and different things for the event yeah this this book that the captain had in combination with her bookkeeping and in combination with code section 162a what's ordinary and necessary to your business in the pursuit of income we were able to win that audit for her her name is vanessa she writes off that yacht on her tax return every single year as depreciation wow that is definitely that is definitely one of my biggest uh tax stories i like to share with clients because it can immediately wrap your head around what the law the tax law is capable of doing for you yes you

  Top Comments:
  1. @francesca2202 [1 likes]: Wooowww!!!!

- Legally Slash $600K Taxes with This Yacht Secret!: Kind: captions Language: en I had a successful entrepreneur come to me making about $3 million a year. I'm getting killed in taxes. What can I do? Every year I feel like I'm being punished for my success. He dreamed of owning a yacht but thought of it as just another expense. I told him, "You're thinking about it all wrong. Most people buy a boat and it becomes a hole that they just throw money into year after year. But my high net worth clients, they buy a yacht, turn it into a legitimate business expense, and let the IRS subsidize it for them." In this video, I'm not just giving you theory. I'm giving you a step-by-step playbook on how you too can implement this. It'll cover the tax codes that makes this possible, what documents and things you need to have in place to make sure that you get to keep the deduction you're entitled to. We'll go over the IRS traps that you have to avoid and the number one mistake that most people make when they're trying to implement something like this. Hey, my name's Ed Lloyd. For over 20 years, we've been helping seven and eight figure business owners dramatically reduce their income taxes and help build a fortress around their wealth. and I'm tired of seeing taxpayers get punished by the tax code that they just don't understand. The information in this video is designed to help with that. So, if you're tired of overpaying in income taxes, looking for different strategies to be able to put more money in your pocket so you can build a fortress, subscribe to the channel and turn on the notifications now. All right, let's get into this. The first thing we need to fix is mindset. The average person, the poor dad, as Robert Kuryaki says, looks at a yacht and thinks of liability. This is a toy. It's a vacation. It's a money pit. And if you treat it that way, that's exactly what it'll be. You'll pay for it with after tax dollars. Every expense, fuel, maintenance, taxes, insurance, and the crew will come straight out of your pocket. The wealthy CFO, the rich dad, reframes this differently. They don't buy a yacht, they buy a marine charter business that just happens to operate a yacht. It's a subtle shift in language, but it's a total shift in mindset and how you approach it and how much you're able to write off. Because you see, it's no longer a toy. It's a capital asset and capital assets can be depreciated, put into businesses to make money and help reduce your income taxes. This change opens a wide range of new business deductions that are available to you. This is the first filter. If you're thinking like an employee, I'm going to get crushed in taxes, then that's what's going to happen to you. If you're ready to start thinking about yourself as a CEO of your own wealth, you need a team that thinks that way, too. And that's what we do. If you're a business owner with taxable income of a half million dollars or more, click the link below. Find a time to talk to us so we can start putting strategies like this into place for you and slash your income taxes today. We'll help you build a financial fortress. Don't wait. Time is money. So, what helps make this strategy so powerful now? Well, the one big beautiful bill act increase the amount that we can depreciate under section 179 and bonus depreciation. And that bill made huge changes. It took the amount that you're able to appreciate under 179 from 1.25 million to 2.5 million in one year. So, if you buy a piece of qualified business expense and a properly structured yacht would qualify, you can write off up to $2.5 million in the first year. Now, this does have a catch. If you're purchasing assets of $4 million or more, it does begin to phase out. But for many, that's a massive upfront tax deduction. But what if the yacht cost you more or with all of your purchases, you're over the phase out amount? That's where the 100% bonus depreciation comes into play. It's not an election. There's no limit. For qualified business property, you can write off up to 100% of the asset purchases for the year. And this is for new or used assets. Now, let's look at a real life example. Let's say that you're buying a $ 1.5 million yacht. Under section 179, you can take the full $1.5 million deduction, or you could use section 179 for the first million, bonus depreciation for the remaining half million. The nice thing is there are alternatives to be able to maximize the deductions you're entitled to in the year utilizing these two IRS code sections. In the end result, you have a $1.5 million business deduction that you didn't have before. If your effective tax rate is 40%, that's $600,000 of tax savings that you're able to generate in the current year. That's additional cash that you can deploy to put into your business and help increase your net worth. So, what's happening? The government is helped financing your yacht. Are you seeing this? We just created $600,000 in cash flow for you utilizing a tax strategy. It's important to remember that most CPAs and tax preparers are like reporters. They report what happened the last year and put it on your taxes. We're more like architects. We build you strategies for your future. If I'm bringing you ideas that may make you a little nervous and excited all at the same time, you probably have the wrong CPA. Book a call with my team with the link below. We're the architects. Let's design you a blueprint. Okay, this all sounds incredible, but it's important to understand with deductions comes regulations. We have to make sure that we're adhering to the IRS regulations. So you retain the deductions you're entitled to. And sometimes this is where people get lazy. And when they get lazy, if there something is audited, they can't substantiate the deduction and they lose it, which can be very, very expensive. The first rule we want to talk about is a 50% test. You have to use this asset for 50% or more for business use. This is a non-negotiable. The yacht must be used for business purpose, 50% or more. The usage is measured in days. business days, personal days. With personal use, you get the greater of 14 days or 10% of the days rented. That's it. Go over that threshold, you no longer have a deduction for the year. It's gone. And you need proof. It's critical to document any deduction that you have, especially for larger ones like this. You need a log that you use to track whenever you have business usage for it to be able to substantiate who was on the yacht, what the business purpose was, and how much revenue was generated. And just like any other business, you need a separate bank account, marketing plan, documents to be able to substantiate that this is a true business venture. Now, let's go over rule number two, hobby loss rules. The IRS is expecting you to have a profit in three out of five years with business ventures or they could come back in and consider it a hobby. If this happens and they come back and classify it as a hobby, they can eliminate the deductions you've taken in the past. So, we don't want to have a call back. We'll make sure we got a proper business plan and a way for you to be able to make money with your yacht business. And with businesses that take losses, especially the one that you're going to have in the first year, material participation rules are extremely important. If you're considered to be passive in the charter business, then any losses that you have would only offset passive income. Business owners typically are generating ordinary income and need ordinary losses to help offset that. So, how do you make sure this is structured correctly to be able to meet the material participation rules? There's seven rules for material participation. You only need to meet one of these. Let's go over the three most common ones. The 500 hour test. You materially participate for 500 hours out of the year. That's about 10 hours a week. Managing the marketing, approving charters, overseeing maintenance. This is something that's doable. The substantially all test. Your participation is substantially all of the participation involved for the activity for the year. And the 100 hour test. You put in a 100 hours more than anybody else puts in on the business for the year. This is a critical piece of the strategy. You cannot be an absentee owner. You need to look at this business and make sure that you can meet one of the material participation rules to make this active loss and not a passive loss for you. The charter yacht strategy is an incredibly powerful strategy, but it's only one of the strategies we have available for our clients. If you've liked this, you'll love the video that we did on vacation homes. Most people think a vacation home is just another personal expense, but like I told you at the beginning of this video, it all depends upon your mindset and how you have it structured. If you can take things that are personal and be able to make them legitimate business expenses, click the video on your screen right now to get the full breakdown of the vacation home tax shield and learn how to turn your mountain house, beach house, river home into legitimate business expense that you can write off and increase your cash flow. And if you're done watching strategies and ready to implement them, now is the time to do that. Click the link below. We'll find a time that works for you to be able to talk to you, see what deductions you're missing, see how we can increase your cash flow. During this call, we'll look at your situation, see where your gaps are, see how we can fill them in for you, increase your cash flow. I appreciate your time today. Make sure to like and subscribe the channel. If you have somebody else that would benefit from this, make sure you share it with them. Thanks a lot and look forward to seeing you on the next video.

- Tax deduction on your boat - Save money with style: Kind: captions Language: en hey you guys last time i told you not to take out like he allowed to buy anything that doesn't make sense and then i used an example of a car and then the next day some people asked what about a boat or a trailer they're subjected to different rule yes those people are correct because i didn't tell you that if the boat or the trailer has a sleeping area a toilet and a cooking area it counts as a second home and you can deduct the interest you pay on it if you don't rent it out at all then you don't have to worry about anything but if you rent it out you have to make sure that you live there either for more than 14 days or 10 of the total numbers of days that you rented out if you rent it out for only 14 days then it's fine it's still considered personal residence and you don't have to report rental income but remember how i said the maximum amount that you can deduct is 750 000 if the loans are generated after december 2017. so let's say if your first home already exceeds that amount the second home which is either a boat or trailer wouldn't help but let's say the first home that you have is only 500 000 then you can also deduct the interest on the second home as well you're allowed only one second home okay you can't deduct both a normal second home and a trailer or a trail and a boat or something along that line you have to pick and choose so each year you can switch between different second homes if you have more than one that's good for you but yeah only one allowed and again 750 000 max see ya

- How to Deduct a Boat Purchase…: Kind: captions Language: en just add one thing before you get really into it because I know you're going to drop some some game here Tony but before we even get into this when it comes to like just your CPA I can't tell you how many times Tony and I run into somebody that's that has maybe a couple franchises it has a couple other Ventures they've got they're doing really well right total revenue north of seven figures across the board you know half a million north of seven figures whatever it is they have outgrown their CPA by a long shot they may have started it as a normal W-2 in the corporate world or you know had their W-2 for a while and they ventured out in entrepreneurship slowly over time they've outgrown the capacity of their CPA and what Tony's about to talk about is going to be evident of that if anything that we're talking about is like completely foreign to you and you're not having proactive conversations with your CPA about mitigating your tax liability through all these types of strategies and opportunities you've probably outgrown your CPA and it's probably time to you know go find someone new Landon I uh I had a personal experience with that as I was building all of my Wing Stop restaurants here ago you know my father was a CPA but he was you know he was too involved in his main Wall Street career and you know he would look over my shoulder a little bit but when he would look at the K ones and and everything for that matter he said to me one day he goes I don't know who these CPAs are that you're using but they are not good any longer for you

- How to Write Off 100% of the Purchase Price of a Boat or Yacht - OBBBA Explained: Kind: captions Language: en Boat Boss family, please re-watch this video because it is a big one. We are coming into boat show season and if you're considering buying a boat or a yacht, it is super important that you know this. The one big beautiful bill act, also known as OBBBA, that's three B's and an A, has brought back 100% bonus depreciation, which allows qualified buyers, i.e. businesses to expense the full purchase price in the first year that you buy it. Huge benefit of doing that. So if you're a business, you buy the boat, you use it for 51% for business use, i.e. charter or whatever you use it for for business. We break it down in the episode that's coming up next. It's an episode of yaching unplugged. I meet with Robert Allen Law. Alberto is going to break it down, talk about structure, recordkeeping, and all the common questions that we see. So, watch this video, watch it twice, forward it to your CPA and your CFO, and we will see you at the boat shows. And if you're interested in putting something together, you need additional help, please reach out to Kim SW, the boat boss, or Robert Allen Law. We look forward to seeing everyone at the shows. And have a happy and healthy 2026. Roll film. Imagine buying your dream boat and writing off the entire purchase immediately. Sounds too good to be true, right? Not with the big beautiful bill. And today we're going to break it down for you. Welcome to a special edition of Yaching Unplugged, the show where we dig into the issues that truly shape the marine industry. I'm your host, Kim, also known as the boat boss and managing partner of FB Marine Group located in Fort Lauderdale, the boating capital of the world. And today we're talking about one of the biggest shifts we've seen in years. This past July, the US Congress passed the One Big Beautiful Bill Act. And for yacht owners and prospective buyers, the OBBBA reinstates 100% depreciation for charter yachts. And that means if you're considering putting a yacht into Charter, buying one, you may be eligible to write the entire purchase price off in this first year. Whether you're a seasoned yacht owner or someone ready to make your first purchase, this is a game changer. And to help us understand exactly what this means, how to leverage it, the loopholes, the pitfalls, all that good stuff, I'm joined by one of the sharpest, the brightest legal minds in our industry, Alberto Bonavita from Robert Allen Law. So, Ombberto, welcome to Yaching Unplugged. >> It's great to be here, Kim. Thank you. Thank you for having me. No, it is it is so >> very generous introduction. >> Well, you know what? Uh I think you and I have shared the stage before. We're both very passionate about the marine industry and uh and work life balance is something that we all struggle with, but when you're passionate about what you do, right, it's not work. It's truly um you know, it's our passion. We enjoy it. But thanks for your time today. I know you've been super super busy, but this is a subject that my clients have been asking and you're you're in the in the trenches of it, but let's get right down to it. What is the one big beautiful bill act and how is it affecting our marine industry? >> Yeah, I mean there there's tons of aspects to the big beautiful bill. I mean the bill itself is close to 900 pages. you actually sit down and read it from, you know, cover to cover and it deals with so many aspects of of tax law and intricate complicated um tax regulations. But but at the end of the day, what it it's trying to stimulate the economy and and I think from that perspective, I think it's a fantastic initiative. And like for example, this is the bill that establishes that if you're a waiter, a waitress, you don't get to pay taxes on tips. This is also the bill that incentivized uh overtime. So employers now, you know, if they pay overtime, time and a half, and you're the employee that's working, you know, in an industry where you work overtime and you get time and a half, you don't pay taxes on the half portion, the overtime portion that's exempt. So, there's a lot of aspects to this. Uh, we would need several days to go through it. I mean, Congress has been debating, you've been hearing about it in the media all summer, the pros and the cons of it. >> You know, I'm a big proponent of it. There are critics of it, but time will tell whether, you know, this was a good bill or a bad bill. But I I see I firmly believe that >> it's going to establish that it was great for the economy. >> And there's even things like, you know, the the auto like your car interests. You can write off your car interest up to I think $10,000 I read as well. Like there's some major pros to this bill. It's not it's not that bad. >> No, totally. And and the aspect of the bill that relates to yaching, if you will, is the many aspects to it uh deals with bonus depreciation. and and previously there we had bonus depreciation but in prior years Congress phased it out over time. So you were able to depreciate 100% of the cost of the asset that you purchase if it's a qualifying asset and we can get into that later. But but assuming that we're we're dealing with a qualifying asset. uh in prior years you were able to depreciate 100% of that in the year you put it into service but then there was a phasing out approach. So each year the percentage that you can depreciate reduced. So it went from 100 to 80 to 60 to 40%. And what Trump did was say okay we're not going to phase it out. We're going back to 100%. And it reinstated what they had back in 2017. And and what the big beautiful bill does, it it also takes a lot of what Trump uh the the tax benefits of his initiative when he was in office previously in the prior administration before Biden and now it's basically making a lot of those incentives, a lot of those initiatives permanent. It's it's enacting them permanently. So, what was the boating in the yaching industry back then? I mean, what did it do for the industry in 2017? Was there like a frenzy, uh, buying frenzy? What what what impact did it have? I mean, it it certainly prompted a lot of high netw worth individuals that can afford to have a yacht and that have a tax reason to reduce their taxable income, their taxable liability to look at yaching as a way to incorporate and and diversify their wealth management, estate planning, and tax planning needs. It's another tool or arsenal that you could have in your overall wealth preservation scheme and and and seeking to obviously, you know, minimize your tax liability in a way that allows also from the government's perspective stimulate the economy, stimulate spending and consumerism and spending. And and that that's that's the great thing about this is it touches upon so many aspects of the yaching industry because to do this you're going to need uh to deal with a yacht broker. You're going to need to deal with a crew and competent crew and employee crew. Uh even if maybe you have a smaller vessel that you can say, "Hey, I I don't really need a crew. I can do this on my own." If you're looking to do bonus depreciation, you're going to need a crew because they from the IRS's perspective, they want to see that you're running a business and so you need employees. >> So really the key is I would say is like in the past like let's take an office building for example, you were able to purchase an office building and let's say the the IRS categorizes each type of qualifying asset. So, for example, in the case of an office building, they'll say, "Well, the office building has a lifespan of 20 years. So, we'll allow you to depreciate the acquisition cost of the of the building over the 20ear span. You can you can deduct." And what this bill says, we're we're we're not going to require you to have to wait and spread out the depreciation over the life of the asset that you have it in service. We're going to allow you to do it in year one up front. That's incredible. I mean, that is massive. >> Obviously, I'm sort of simplifying it. There's a lot of intricacies, but that's the overview. >> Okay. So, Ombberto, you had me hooked. You had me hooked at the first year. To full depreciation in the first year. Let's get and let's get into the nitty-gritty. Talk about the boat and the yacht or both that qualify for this 100% bonus depreciation. What does that space look like for our clients that are listening? >> So, let's start with the premise that to pull this off successfully, meaning that the IRS would approve it or if the IRS looks at it and they want to audit it, they'll give you a clean bill of health and say, "Okay, you did this properly." They want to see that you're doing this for profit, that you're running a business. And the opposite of that would be if they determined that you purchased the yacht, which is great. There's nothing wrong with that. But you did it for recreational or personal use. You did it for your own enjoyment. So that's that's kind of the point of departure. If if you want to be able to successfully accomplish bonus depreciation, you have to establish that you're running a business. And so the question, what yacht is eligible? What's the right yacht? What's the wrong yacht? There's not like a bright line test that says, well, if if the yacht is under 50 feet, uh, it's not going to work. Or the yacht has to be a minimum of a 50 meter yacht. That's not the case. The the answer to the question that I advise clients is it has to be a yacht that you can establish that you're running a business out of. So if in this case, it would be running a charter business. So if you can establish that you're running a charter business with a center console, >> then why not? You can do it. You just you just have to be able to evidence that and establish it. And and how how would you do that? >> You would have to >> basically start foundationally. You have to have the proper structure, ownership structure to to make sure that for example, if you have it titled in your own name, the IRS might say, "Well, that's not really a business because it's not owned by a company. uh if you have it owned by a corporation rather than what they call in IRS terms a disregarded entity that's kind of like a pass through which would be either an LLC or partnership >> you can't do that correct >> yeah the IRS will say well that's not going to work uh if you have independent contractors day crew that work on a perm basis as independent contractors they're not on your payroll they're not the IRS is going to look at that as a red flag and say you're not really running a business because you have the employees. So, there's not like a bright line test that says if you do A, B, C, and D, you're going to be eligible. It they look at the whole kind of landscape of how you're utilizing the yacht, how many days used it personally versus how many days you had it in service. But at the end of the day, you need to convince the IRS that you're running a business. And how do you run a business? Well, what what are the indicators that you're running a business? If you're operating it locally in Broward County or in Miami Date County, you want to establish that you went out and you obtained, for example, a business tax receipt or a business license for the entity that owns the vessel because that's and that's evidence that you are running a business. The same way that if you have a dive shop or a ta bait and tackle shop, you you need a business license. Or if you're going to charter a vessel and that's the business that you're running, you need to have a business license for that. And it might seem mundane and and trivial to say, well, I got to go get a license. But these are the things that the IRS are going to look at as signs. Are you running a business? Is this for profit rather than is this motivated by personal recreational use. >> Right. Right. All right. So, I have I took some notes. So, a it has to be a business 100%. Like most of the people we're speaking to are probably business owners or executives. They get it. They do this day in and day out. So, it's just replacing the apple with an orange, if you will. It's a business and it has to look, smell, quack, everything like a business. Correct. >> That's exactly right. >> Okay. Now, the next thing I wrote down was employees. They cannot be 1099. And it can have to be employees, whether part-time or full-time. >> Correct. They have to be on the payroll. >> On the payroll. >> Now, they have to be on the payroll of the entity, the same entity that owns the vessel or an affiliate company that shares a common ownership, a common parent with the entity that owns the vessel. Again, I'm simplifying it, but that's kind of >> Right. Well, I have a client at >> the end of the day. Sorry. it it from in terms of how you hire employees. You want to be able to tie the employees, your staff, your crew and the vessel to the same ultimate beneficial owner who's the taxpayer that at the end of the day is seeking the depreciation. >> I see. So, for instance, I have a client that has a yacht that one of their mates um and stews is also works in what they call the home is owned by the LLC, but it's still owned by the same company, if you will, and she also does some charter. So, she would be okay. It would have to be under that person or under that company, if you will. >> Yes. >> Parent company. >> Yeah, that should that would work. >> Okay. Now, let's get into the usage part because half of it's for fun and half of it's for business. Can you get into what that looks like so we don't get in trouble and we can follow the rules? >> Yeah. From a usage perspective, you have to be mindful of where you're using it, right? So, if you're and and where you use it is also dictated by where you're registered and documented. >> Okay? So that if you're a US Coast Guard, US documented vessel, you're always under the US umbrella. So it's an asset that's an, let's say, an American asset, if you will, and you can use it anywhere. You could use it in the Caribbean, you could use it in the Mediterranean, and provided you're operating it as a as a charter business, you'll be you you'll meet the criteria for the bonus depreciation. If on the other hand you're a foreign flag vessel, >> so you're not US documented. So let's say you're registered in Jamaica or Cayman Islands or Marshall Islands, you're foreign flag, then you're not considered a US asset, even if it might be owned by a US company. It's not documented in the US. So in that case, you have to establish that you're using it in US waters or US territoriality. So US waters would be anywhere you know on the eastern seabboard that's considered part of you know US territorial waters or for example in the US Virgin Islands if you're not using it you know in South Florida as an example >> okay so let's reiterate so it has to be >> so it has to be US Coast Guard documented you said >> and if it's a foreign flag >> it doesn't have to be US Coast Guard documented it's a lot easier if it is but if it's not and if it's foreign flag then when you're using it when you're putting it in service so you're using it for business for profit you need to be using it in US waters so if you're for example if you're a Cayman flagged vessel okay owned by a US taxpayer and you send it to the med and you run you run charter in Greece and in Turkey or in the south of France that's not going to that's not eligible you're going to have a problem because you're not US documented and you're not running your business in US in the US territory. >> So what if the what if the vessel um repositions to America for half of the period of the year? Will that justify as >> Yeah, there is. Yeah, there's there's flexibility to be able to pull it off. Like for example, we had a client that took delivery of a a yacht in the south of France in early November. Okay, this is a couple years back, right? Right around Thanksgiving, they closed on its own bottom. They rushed it to the USVI. It was about a three-w weekek trip. It got to the USVI beginning of December just to be able to put it into charter use to be able to establish that it was ready, willing, the vessel was ready, willing, and able. And the entity that owns the vessel was ready, willing, and able to charter, was chartering it, and it was in service. It was available for charter. It was listed for charter and it was foreign flagged. Uh but they were and it was actually a foreignowned entity as well. It was a Marshall Islands entity that was owned by a US Delaware LLC and and we were able to do it. So there is flexibility. The key is to plan and structure properly. And to do that, you need the right you need the right team assembled so that they can advise you to make sure that you're you're checking all the boxes. >> Got it. Well, this has been just incredible. I tell you, I've learned so much already, but let's go into the recordkeeping now. Let's talk about that. What does it look like? What do we have to do in order to make sure that the IRS is happy and that we don't get in trouble? So, I mean, record recordkeeping is a really broad term and it's it's critically important because if there if there is an audit, that's what's going to save make or break you because you'll be able to point to your file and the and show it to the IRS and with your tax advisors, you'll be able to establish that you did everything properly. So recordeping runs the whole gamut from how how the vessel is structured, how it's owned, you know, whether you have your corporate governance documents in place, you know, the operating agreement and even your charter documents are done properly. Uh your crew contracts establishing that they're on payroll, that they're employees, establishing that you did your your due diligence to confirm that they're US residents, US citizens. in terms of the crew because you you you have problems if you use foreign crew uh when you're running when you're doing the charter. >> Also, another important aspect of recordkeeping is the business plan establishing that you you approach this even prior to the acquisition. You approached it as a business. You did your due diligence to see okay is this what what kind of charter income can this vessel generate for me on a weekly basis? How many weeks could I have it in service realistically? Getting the opinion of a charter broker. Getting a fair market valuation on the vessel to see what kind of income it can garner in the marketplace. Doing a comp analysis of similar vessels, what are they getting in the market? establishing how many hours the the owner, the taxpayer devoted and spent preparing this business, you know, keeping track of that, documenting it. There's a lot of work that goes into it, but the more the a lot of people don't like the term anal, but the more anal you are and approaching this and diligent, >> the better off you are if you have to withstand the scrutiny of an IRS audit. >> Okay? And the key is obviously to have the right tax advisors. So I'm not a tax lawyer. I'm not a CPA. I'm the yacht lawyer, which I love my role because I'm kind of like the the quarterback, the general manager assembling the team, making sure that all the elements are in place so that we can help the client achieve the objective of bonus depreciation. But it's critical that you have on that team, you have your CPA and you have your tax attorney. So the so the team consists of you, the tax lawyer, accountant, charter broker, yacht broker to purchase it. Am I missing anyone else that's part of that core team? >> I depending on the size of the yacht, the larger yachts to pull this off, I think you really need a competent, capable yacht manager. >> Okay. All right. That's good to know. Like a yacht management company, if you will. >> Yacht management company. >> Okay. Got it. All right. Let's go into um how it's changed your life. I can say, you know, Jim Kramer, I love Jim Kramer. If you know stocks, you love Jim Kramer. He says it's a strong buy. I'm saying it's a strong buy. You're saying it's a strong buy. The administration believes this is going to help inject a lot of uh consumer confidence and and sales in many areas, revenue. What do you think? How has it changed? What new clients are you seeing? Are you seeing new clients? Are you seeing, you know, obviously are there family offices that have never been, you know, in yaching that are all of a sudden said yes, called Alberto and said, "Listen, I'm interested." How has it impacted that firsttime buyer for you? Yeah, it's changed in so in the sense that we're getting more inquiries and we're being engaged and retained by more and more firsttime yacht owners through their family offices through their financial advisors, primarily fi family offices driven by their seeking to take advantage of the bonus appreciation. And these are we're talking about firsttime yacht owners. I mean, we're seeing also a lot of experienced, savvy, sophisticated yacht owners that have been buying and selling and using enjoying yachts their whole lives and now they're back at it because of the big beautiful bill and they know what they're doing and they're they're at it again. But the great thing is that it's bringing into the industry and into yacht ownership firsttime yacht owners which is I think is fantastic. >> No, it is >> it hooks them and once you're hooked >> you love it and and notwithstanding you know all the complaints that you'll get and you know we all know the the old adage uh the best happiest day in a yacht owner's life is the day he buys it and the day he sells it. And I hear that all the time and you hear all the complaints, >> but at the end of the day, they'll come back and yeah, call me crazy. I had a bad experience. The I had a horrible warranty. This boat was a lemon. I probably shouldn't do this again, but you know what? I I found this other boat. I really like it and we're going to try to do it this time. It'll be a better experience, >> right? >> And you love to see that. >> No, absolutely. You know, there's nothing better. I always say whether you live, work, or play on the water, just get on the water because there's nothing better than a lifestyle on the water. I call it the Kool-Aid effect. >> It's like, you know, it's like women, you know, we give birth and we're say we'll never do that again and then you do it again. >> You know, you forget those days that are not so great. But boating, there's nothing better than being on the water. And I really truly believe that this is going to really bring new people in, return, and obviously the people that have stepped back out that will be back in. and I really am excited to see what the future holds. We're coming into boat show season. We have uh a lot of the boat shows across the pond coming up as well as uh the largest boat show in the world, the Fort Lauderdale International Boat Show, followed by Miami and then Palm Beach next year. So, we're hoping that this shoots some energy into the yaching and the boating industry for sure. So, tell us where do we find you and uh any last words of advice you can give to anyone looking at doing this? Well, you could you can find me and my my whole team because it's not just me, but Robert Law, we have offices in Palm Beach and Miami. Uh, so you our website address, you know, it's roberlaw.com. Uh, you'll find us at, you know, the boat shows. We typically have a a hospitality venue. We'll have one at Fort Lauderdale. We'll also be a con in Monaco, Monaco shows. So, you can find us there. We're going to have a couple of events and and receptions, but you could also email me at any time or my, you know, my uh my whole team, fantastic team, colleagues from, you know, the founder of our firm, Bob Allen, uh, you know, my my partners, Claudia Casillas, Chris Anderson, Adrien Carbarani, Bobby Rodriguez, we and if I left anybody out, no, uh, you know, don't be insulted, but we we have a fantastic Well, I love it. Well, you know, I can't thank you enough for the time that you and I have spent behind the scenes preparing for this episode. I think it's really much needed that we brought this message to the world, to um buyers, also people in the industry. Um, reach out to whether it's me as uh Kim, the boat boss, as a yacht broker or your personal yacht broker. Get in to a boat show. get online, find that boat, whether it be a center console, as I'm said, up into a mega yacht. Uh, you have that opportunity under the one big beautiful act to own a boat as long as it qualifies as exactly as Alberto had mentioned in this episode. So, if you like if Go ahead. No, to to answer your other question, what what what advice do I have to potential yacht owners that are interested in trying to take advantage of the big beautiful bill and get bonus appreciation if it makes sense for them to do so? The most important thing I would say is first work with a a good yacht broker because it starts with the yacht broker to find the vessel that's right for you that's eligible for chartering the way that you need to be able to do it. So if I encourage you know potential yacht owners in this case that are seeking bonus depreciation to first and foremost get the right broker to advise you the yacht broker. It starts there. Then once you have the boat you think that meets the criteria that you like, then contact the yacht lawyer. Uh it's not just us at Robert Law. You know, we're we're blessed in South Florida. There's a lot of talented, really good attorneys. Uh so work with the yacht attorney and then to start assembling the team. Get the tax lawyer in place that knows about bonus depreciation for yachts. get your your CPA involved so that the the left hand knows what the right hand is doing. And then the missing piece after that would be getting a a good crew management advisor to find the right crew depending on the size of the vessel and also a charter broker. Uh because you need to be able to list it and have it in a central listing because it has to be advertised for charter. They want to see that you're running a business, right? I the long and the short of it is you need the right team and you need to be patient and you need to be deliberate. Don't rush into this thinking that you can pull it off that it's relatively easy because that's when you're going to make a mistake. >> Well, you got to dot your eyes and cross your tees as we say and knowledge is power. Knowledge is your best crew member I can say. Right. >> Well, thanks again Alberto. We appreciate your time. Anyone I will >> anyone that has any questions, I'm gonna list all our contact information in the description. If you like the show, which I'm sure you do, please like, subscribe, share, comment, and reach out to the boat boss for any other questions. I'm Berto as well. And thanks again for joining us on this special edition of Yaching Unplugged. And we look forward to seeing everyone on the water. Have a great day, everyone. >> Thanks for having me. Bye. >> You're welcome. Take care.

  Top Comments:
  1. @dejand9 [1 likes]: ❤❤❤

- How to Run a $14 Million Superyacht | WSJ Operating Costs: Kind: captions Language: en - [Presenter] This 128 foot long super yacht runs almost $14 million to purchase, but that's just the beginning of its expenses. - [James] It's a city, it's a resort, and it moves. - [Presenter] But imagine if that resort sat on top of one of the planet's saltiest, wettest environments. Yacht owners can also expect to pay 10 to 20% of the yachts value each year simply to maintain it. Superyachts or yachts longer than 82 feet can sell for hundreds of millions of dollars. This means maintenance could be tens of millions per year. Here's what goes into this superyacht's estimated annual budget of nearly 1.9 million. - [James] Welcome aboard Snowbird. - [Presenter] Cost that up even before owner set sail. - [James] Dockage fees are very expensive. They range from $3.50 a foot to 7.50 a foot per day. - [Presenter] Dockage fees can be so high for superyachts in part because there's a large demand for a limited number of spaces, but if owners keep their yachts docked, they could face other large maintenance expenses. - All the works of the bottom of the vessel gets scummed up with oysters and clams and barnacles. A lot of these electronics, they get fouled up if they sit dormant for a long time. It's definitely better to use it than let it sit. - [Presenter] While docked, the yacht can connect to the Marina's power grid for basic operations, but when it's out at sea, this 368 ton vessel requires fuel, a lot of it. - For someone like myself, I call this boat yoga. What we have here is the day tank. This holds approximately 800 gallons of fuel. See the red? That's the amount that's in the tank. - [Presenter] In total, this yacht can hold almost 12,000 gallons of fuel. Plus, other water vehicles like its jet skis and support boat will need even more gas. - Generally, we burn anywhere from 60 gallons an hour to 120 gallons an hour. - [Presenter] At around four and a half dollars a gallon. - [James] It costs approximately $360,000 per year to fuel Snowbird. - [Presenter] But day-to-day maintenance is actually the fourth largest operating cost and it can get messy. - Today we're gonna be changing out the crankcase ventilation filter. That keeps your turbos and your after cooler from getting gummed up, and it also helps reduce oil consumption and reduce air pollution by further combustion inside the engine. This part probably costs $60, $70 to replace, but it has immeasurable value in prolonging the longevity of your motors. Maintaining the engines on a yacht like Snowbird typically costs around $60,000 a year, and you're looking at parts, time, and the materials involved to change the oils and keep everything up and going. - [Presenter] That's just below deck. Superyacht owners also need to invest in keeping the rest of the yacht in pristine condition, like the teak flooring. Teak is typically used on yachts because it's a weather resistant luxury material, but it's also challenging to maintain. - [Josh] When we scrub the teak, oftentimes it only lasts roughly a week or two depending on the traffic on board. It wants to go back to its natural color, and, you know, between rain and rinsing it down, you kinda wash away all of that, you know, hard work that you've done. Annually the teak flooring costs about $18,000 to maintain. - [Presenter] Adding on smaller expenses, you're already looking at just over $1 million. But by far, there's one cost for maintaining superyachts that completely surpasses the others, the crew. The estimated budget for Snowbird's crew is over $800,000 per year and that's because super yachts must always have a crew even when docked. - You have to take care of the teak the paint, wash windows, machinery. Rust never sleeps, maintenance never stops. - [Presenter] Cost towards their health insurance, travel expenses, uniforms, and cell phone bills can add thousands to the budget. Adding in crew expenses brings the annual operating cost estimate to nearly 1.9 million a year, but that's only when there are no major repairs or maintenance while owners generally spend around 10% a year in maintenance costs for new superyachts. - [James] It's kind of a guideline, but as she gets three years or five years, or hits her 10 year, it's gonna be more than 10%. - [Presenter] Every five years or so, superyacht owners have to shell out for one of their largest expenses. - Paint jobs are sometimes from a hundred thousand to a million bucks, depending on your size of your boat. Paint is about $1,800 an inch, - [Presenter] Salt in the water and air corrodes the yachts paint. To repaint the entire yacht, it needs to be hauled out of the water, then it can take months to complete a fresh paint job. There are also other major potential expenses. Some yacht owners need to spend hundreds of thousands of dollars every few years on detailed inspections. And if a yacht fails in inspection, repairing or replacing it could run $200,000 or more. - Certain boats, you can't get the engines out. You have to cut a hole in the side and then reweld it, recertify the hole. Now you're into the multi-millions to change out an engine. - [Presenter] To recoup some of these costs, superyacht owners will rent out their vessels. The charter fee for this super yacht ranges from $125 to $145,000 per week, that covers the boat and the crew, but renters also need to pay for additional expenses like fuel, food, and customs fees. Plus, there's a customary tip of 18 to 25% for the crew members. At best, superyacht owners might break-even on maintenance costs with income earned from chartering. - I don't think it's a profitable situation. At best, they're covering their salaries and the boat's way as it travels. Wear and tear is always there and the money would have to go back into the vessel. If you didn't properly maintain your vessel, your value would decrease. Most people that buy yachts of this size and this stature really wanna take care of them. (upbeat music)

  Top Comments:
  1. @demendez [1 likes]: I could be as rich as a billionaire, but I wouldn't own a yacht. As Lionel Messi (a billionaire) and Cristiano Ronaldo said, "What's the point of owning a yacht if I can't use it?" It's much better to charter a yacht for three or four weeks a year for a million dollars and lease a jet whenever I need to use it.
  2. @itwilpas [1 likes]: I'll take two please
  3. @TheJoeSwanon: Eat the rich
  4. @davidgabra6308: I don’t think it’s 1800$ per square inch that would be 2billion$ for a paint job. 😂 4:25
  5. @johnsmith1882-x2i: Yet
Another
Couple
Hundred
Thousand
  6. @HanrgyHippopotamus: Paint is not 1,800$ per inch I don’t care what you say. Each square foot has 144 square inches so one square foot would cost $300,000 alone.
  7. @uhohotdog3483: All I hear is Nope I’ll stick with Luxury cruise commercial liners enjoy the trip & walk away 💪
  8. @mausi28: 14 Million is not much for a yacht jeff bezos yacht cost about 500 million
  9. @Synth-8: Colossal waste of money
  10. @Dehko: All so a billionaire can walk on the boat with his young Russian model and set sail with no issues.
  11. @RockinRocketScience: Can't imagine this is what Gabe Newell has to deal with for his fleet.

But hey he's earned every penny running a good biz. I'll buy some more games for them- give him a throw pillows for that new one of his.
  12. @dougdavis8986: Yachts: environmental nightmare. Yacht owners: selfish narcissists
  13. @lovemvn6283: I maintain boats like these for a living. Some fo their costs are blown out of proportion
  14. @Zzennobi: No way 360k per fuel per year, it means it burns a ton of fuel per day.
  15. @JeffJPXX: I feel so bad for all the poor yacht owners....
  16. @damned1313: I’ll just rent by the week. On Royal Caribbean. 😂😂😂😂
  17. @bilyd333: 😂😂😂😂😂😂
Ok.... technically..... very technically....what was said was true.  Boats are expensive to maintain. 10% is accurate for ships under 10yo. However, the absurdly ridiculous numbers just thrown out there for the wow factor are for 300ft and above yachts. 
No, it doesn't take millions of dollars to fill up an 80ft boat. No, a 120ft boat doesn't have a crew of 50 who each make half a million a month. Hate to tell you but an inch of paint isn't $1800....for any boat anywhere. Bottom paint can run $1800 per gallon...not inch. That guy was a lying clown. It doesn't take a gallon of copper paint to cover an inch. 

The only way it costs $18000 per month to wash the teak deck is of the crew is using pick axes. Teak decks are washed each day with water...not champagne. They use special soap, not liquid gold. They use mops, not fur coats. $18000 per month is a bald faced lie. 

Again, boats are expensive. The bigger the more expense...just like a house. However, this is typical journalism....if you don't know... just make it up. Journalism is just story telling. This was a story...a false story
  18. @GreenGonzalez-f8g: 🎉🎉
  19. @bigteeist: If you got the money why not in joy it 🤑
  20. @Whoareyoucalling: 70 docks later you’ve spent the equivalent of another yacht.

- He Lied to Win and It Cost Him Everything!: Kind: captions Language: en crew from the Royal maip picardi barded the traran floating aimlessly in the middle of the Atlantic Ocean all they find on board are a pair of log books with cryptic journal entries that shatter the illusion of Donald [Music] crur in March 1968 Donald kowo sees an article in the Sunday Times announcing a challenge to sale solo non-stop around the globe the race is inspired by the 1967 solo Ocean Adventures of Sir Francis Chester who sailed singlehandedly around the world with only one stop over the span of 226 days the Sunday Times asks Chichester to sit on the panel of judges for the race they're sponsoring the Golden Globe race will be the world's first solo non-stop round the- Globe yacht race with attempting prize of £5,000 for the fastest circumnavigation and the glory of being the first to complete the journey without stopping Sailors must navigate a complete loop around the globe from one point in the British Isles and returning to the same location without stopping at any port or receiving assistance they have to rely on their own skills the equipment on the boat their ability to repair anything that breaks and to restock food or water along the way by capturing or making what they can Sailors will travel through latitudes and oceans known for for their challenging conditions with long stretches of isolation the race has some rules Sailors must depart between the 1st of June and the 31st of October 1968 which gives them at most 7 months to prepare but they can time their departure during that window based on their own planning and favorable weather conditions the fastest time with no stops nor outside assistance wins the prize money and the first across the line takes home the golden glob trophy anyone can enter with no specific qualifications or experience Donald crur was born in 1932 to British parents Charles and Evelyn curst while living in India his mother longed for a daughter and she dressed him as a girl until he was 7 years old as a teenager his family returned to England leaving his parents retirement savings invested in a sporting goods Factory in India which then burned down during a riot Donald's formative years were plagued by embarrassment and financial strain for himself and his parents his mom EVN battled her own demons and even attempted suicide in 1948 at the age of 16 Donald's dad Charles passed away and because they had no money he was forced to drop out of school he started an apprenticeship at the Royal aircraft establishment a British research and development organization where he developed an interest in invention in in the mid 1950s he joined the Royal electrical and mechanical engineers in the British army where he maintained and repaired their equipment and Machinery but he also got himself in trouble and ended up leaving the Army in 1957 he married his long-standing girlfriend CLA olarry in 1962 he started a company called electron utilization where he combined his interests and skills in electronics and Marine navigation the company specialized in Marine ronics with cow hur's own invention the Navigator as its Flagship product the Navigator was a handheld radio direction finder designed to help Sailors navigate by taking bearings on marine and Aviation radio beacons you point the navigator in the direction of a radio Beacon and take a compass bearing when the signal strength is at its peak you then draw a line on your chart using that Compass bearing starting at the radio Beacon which has a fixed location on your chart when you take two or more bearings from different permanent objects you can get a fix on your position quite a useful piece of Kit in a time before GPS the product showed promise which attracted an offer for investment of £85,000 from PI radio a British electronics company and leading manufacturer of consumer radios and televisions but Pi radio pulled out of the investment which led to financial struggles for electron utilization the Navigator didn't take off and Crow Hur resorted to promoting it at local boat shows when curst reads about the race in the Sunday Times he sees it as a golden opportunity his business is on Shaky Ground and the £5,000 prize money is an attractive Prospect but it's not just a financial boost it's also a path to fame and the attention that could turn his struggling business around curst is a novice sailor but he believes his engineering skills and his navigat give him a Technical Edge in the race he starts planning a strategy and as the underdog he needs to outthink the more experienced Sailors perhaps Donald curst feels he has something to prove but winning this race will take more than just a winning strategy he needs a boat that's faster than his competitors when he sails into the low latitudes of the Roaring 40s and Furious 50s there's no land mass to tame the wind and waves he and the boat will need to stand up to the pounding weather across the oceans he'll have to fight his own demons to remain calm and focused through the isolation and physically demanding months at Sea in April 1968 curst approaches Stanley best a local businessman for the funding he needs for a boat and Equipment best agrees to sponsor curst for the race with certain conditions if curst doesn't start or pulls out early from the race he needs to repay the money money that curst doesn't have to secure his investment best takes out a mortgage on Crow hurst's business and house which basically means that if crur drops out then best will own his business and his house with the funding secured he officially enters the race and now he needs a boat in May with 6 months to prepare kower starts the search for a suitable boat at first he tries to buy gypsy moth for the vessel s Francis Chester used for his solo circum navigation the Gypsy moth 4 is a 16 M catch made from marine grade aluminium alloy which is durable and resistant to the corrosive effects of salt water the idea of using Chester's boat seems poetic but the idea doesn't materialize on the 1 of June the race window officially opens the first to set sail is John Ridgeway a British sailor who departs from inishmore Island on the English Rose four a 9 m Sloop after striking out on buying a fast reliable boat KOST commissions a British boat yard based in East Sussex Cox Marine to build a traran for the race a traran has a central Hull to provide most of the boats boy and to house the living quarters two smaller Hills are attached on either side of the main hill by cross beams to provide stability and balance that prevent the traran from tipping or capsizing in the 1960s traran weren't very common and for crowers to commission a relatively new design to be constructed with such a short deadline is an ambitious undertaking traran have limited stability in rough seas and if they capsize it's virtually impossible to write them but they're fast and curst hopes the Tran's advantages will outweigh the risks this is a strategic move for curst who wants to outwit his opponents Cox Marine follows crur specifications for a lightweight streamline vessel built from materials like marine plywood and fiberglass on the 14th of June Robin KNX Johnston departs from fouth England he set sail in his 10 m catch the suale which is slow but it's sturdy and well tested Knox Johnston's an experienced sailor and officially the third entrance in the race in July three more competitors set sail Kow hur's vessel is still under construction and he feels the clock ticking Cox Marine install the main M and rigging wires designed to balance the three hole configuration while keeping the setup and adjustment as straightforward as possible for a single-handed sailor the design and lightweight materials prioritize ease of use for curst as a solo operator over the strength and redundancy to withstand sustained stress over time from what I've read I feel there are distinct similarities between Crow hurst's approach and Stockton Rush from the Titan disaster it seems to me like they were both in a rush to build something Innovative to prove their standing in the world on the 22nd of August Bernard mesier an experienced French sailor departs from Plymouth in his 12 met steel catch Joshua he's completed long-distance voyages in the past making him one of the favorites to win the race in late August curst vessel is ready to go in the water he names the boat time with electron as a tip of the to his company electron utilization to get the boat ready by the end of October curst doesn't have much time for sea trials he needs to test the stability and balance of the vessel under sail to evaluate the rigging setup to familiarize himself with the handling and to find any other issues he allocates a few days and discovers a number of problems the vessel is manageable in calm conditions and the three holes provide good stability but the lightweight design makes the boat more sensitive to gusts and sudden changes in wind direction a team of sailors could respond to these changes quickly but trimming and balancing the sails requires precise coordination which is challenging for a solo sailor much less a novice like cow host there are minor leaks in the hull which suggest the vessel is not completely waterproof possibly because the construction is rushed the rigging is functional but it's not tested in strong wind or rough seas and the sea trial extends ends from a few days up to a few weeks curst is getting to know the boat's shortcomings and starts to question his own abilities and his lack of ocean sailing experience weighs heavily on him he tells his wife CLA and his sponsor stany best but he feels trapped curst is afraid of the public embarrassment he'll face by pulling out after securing sponsorship and backing out means he'll lose his business and his home on the 16th of September Nigel tley departs from Plymouth in a 12m traran named victoris as more Sailors enter the race and with the deadline to depart bearing down on him KOST tries to fix the list of problems he's found during the sea trials in October the time with electron is not quite ready curst is conflicted about his ability to complete the race but with financial ruin at stake he decides to push through he hopes to at least make progress and end the race with with dignity on the 31st of October the last day the rules allow Cur departs from outh Devon he bids farewell to his wife CLA and his four children who wish him a safe Voyage but his boat isn't ready supplies for the voyage aren't yet stowed and in his haste he doesn't pack all the equipment and spare parts he needs for the voyage when cowers set sail the three race leaders are Knox Johnston mesier and tley nine Sailors enter the race but I'm going to concentrate on the four that I think help build the clearest picture Robin Knox Johnston is a British sailor he sailed long distances in his boat suale so he knows how it handles and he's comfortable sailing on his own in the first few months he pushes South into the Atlantic making steady methodical progress despite Heavy Seas I struggle to find an exact date but it takes him about four or five months to sail as far as the Cape of Good Hope which is roughly the southern tip of Africa and then East into the Southern Ocean the Frenchman mesier was planning on doing his own circumnavigation before the Sunday Times approached him to ask that he set off from the British Isles and take part in the race I think partly because he's French and probably doesn't like the British but mostly he doesn't like the idea of competition in sailing he tells them where they can stick their trophy but a few days later he decides to enter the race it takes the Frenchman roughly 3 months to round the Cape of Good Hope and head east into the Southern Ocean making better speed than Knox Johnston Nigel tley served in the Royal Navy during World War II where he developed significant Maritime experience after the war he continued sailing recreationally he enters the race with a traran similar to curst which he reinforces on a limited budget he hits the Cape of Good Hope in South Africa in around 4 months Donald curst is the last to leave and he worries that the boat won't hold up in the low latitudes but decides to press on within 2 months he seems to have settled in covering incredible distances and even setting a new world record of 243 nautical miles in a 24-hour period in Just 2 months around Christmas 1968 he reports that he's off Cape Town and about to turn into the Southern Ocean the sailors have long range radios on board which allow them to communicate with the outside world except mesier who didn't want the intrusion the radio signal can reach as far as 3,000 Mi and from there the message can be relayed they can also give passing ships packages of photos and mail but they can't accept anything from other Sailors I must admit I'm not exactly sure how the radio worked back then maybe someone can write in the comments to say if a relay station would have an idea of where a radio transmission was coming from or perhaps when a message is relayed from a boat which relay station on land would pick it up would the signal be stronger from one radio station compared to another and so able to isolate where a signal is coming from in December 1968 competitors were at sea for anywhere between 2 and 7 months Tedy reports the challenges of keeping his trauma and vessel balanced Kow Hurst is sailing the same type of vessel but curst is starting to make much faster progress than expected the news makes for exciting reading and the papers love to see the competition heating up even Sir Francis Chichester who sailed this route in Gypsy month 4 which inspired this race is surprised at the speed of Kow hur's traran going into January 1969 The Front Runners KNX Johnston mesier and tley are racing through the Southern Ocean in the Roaring 40s and Furious 50s Knox Johnston has radio troubles mesia seems to be taking it all in his stride but T's boat is taking a beating these low latitudes are notorious for their incredible wind speeds and challenging ocean conditions there's no land mass to soften the force of the wind as it travels around the bottom end of the globe the three Sailors fight their way past Cape Horn reaching the bottom of South America in January February and March respectively they report exhausting conditions but their constant updates reassure organizers of their progress with host these are the last of four Sailors still in the race five have retired the conditions just too brutal to even make it to the Southern Ocean cow hurst's reports put him within Striking Distance of the Front Runners rivaling tle Speed and Performance his updates give favorable wins with the time withth electron operating at an efficient level and the organizers are amazed at Crow hurst's progress but he also says he's having problems with his generator and will turn off his radio in February 1969 Marx Johnston leads the pack and turns northward into the Atlantic tley continues to perform well but reports his concerns about the structural strain on his vessel in March mortisia the Frenchman should have been Northbound back towards Europe but he decides to Stick it to the Man and Carries On sailing the Southern Ocean One More Time Around the Globe he shoots a slingshot message onto a ship in Cape Town that says he's not interested in the race and he's carrying on to the Pacific Islands in April 1969 KNX Johnston has the lead and closes in on the finish line tley is determined to finish the race and secure a respectable position he's tracking Crow hurst's progress and feels that his competitor will win the time trial then curst reestablishes radio contact and reports that he's rounded Cape Horn and is heading north through the Atlantic gaining on the others the race is down to three British Sailors on the 22nd of April 1969 Knox Johnston finishes the race arriving in fouth and winning the trophy for first across the line after 312 days at Sea he's the first solo sailor to circumnavigate the globe non-stop throughout May tley and crur push to finish the race as he approaches the aors tley drives victoras hard to try and outpace cow first but by pushing his boat so hard after the battering it had in the Southern Ocean on the 30th of May T's boat cap sizes and he's out of the race curst is the only competitor left to finish the race and he's rapidly closing in on the finish line on the 29th of June curst reports that he'll arrive in England within days the story of the underdog sailor completing a solo non-stop circum navigation takes the World by storm but days pass and and there's no update from curst on the 10th of July 1969 the outh electron is found drifting 22,000 nautical miles away near the middle of the Atlantic and cow host is nowhere to be found his log books and journals tell a different story about curst Voyage 8 months earlier when kower set off at the end of October 1968 he realizes the true true extent of the time withth electron problems the traran is prone to leaks it doesn't have enough ballast to keep it stable in rough water let alone the Southern Ocean and its untested rigging can't withstand the rigors of an open ocean circumnavigation The Dangerous Waters in the southern hemisphere prove too much for him to handle and only weeks into his voyage crur deliberately slows his progress he drifts and avoids storms concerned for his well-being in December curst admits in his log book that he can't complete the race from this point on he starts to keep two logs one is his actual navigation log and personal ramblings the other is a falsified log containing descriptions of a fictional round the world Voyage in the fake log book he aligns his reports with real weather patterns and ocean currents he calculates plausible positions and speeds based on the time conditions and reports from his competitors he updates race organizers with fabricated positions that suggest he's making solid progress toward the Southern Ocean curst even includes navigational details to make them more convincing it's mad genius it would take quite a lot of work to construct a log like this in January 1969 he reports rapid progress claiming to round southern Africa the Cape of Good Hope he reports rough weather and strong winds to mirror the genuine challenges faced by his fellow competitors he takes a leaf out of Robin Knox Johnston's troubles with his radio and says that his generator has stopped working and he has to turn off his radio at a time when he's sailing into the Southern Ocean in reality he stays in the South Atlantic making small movements off the coast of Brazil to avoid detection radio Transmissions from the other side of the world would possibly not make it as far as his actual location so that would blow his cover and I'm sure the pressure to keep reporting his position weighs on his mind so it must be a relief to have a reason to stop sharing his progress spending months at Sea alone curst writes journal entries about time reality and Cosmic beings his writings show signs of the same struggle his mother had with her demons he starts doubting whether his deception can succeed but he continues to fa rates his progress justifying it as a means of survival from February 1969 there's a growing Detachment from reality Cur begins to view himself as uniquely capable of navigating the moral and practical challenges of his situation probably trying to convince himself that his ruse will work in April when KNX Johnston is the first to complete the race crur grows increasingly worried that the world will find out the truth about his fake Voyage his personal writings become more fragmented showing signs of depression and existential dread he starts to question his own identity and place in the world something that has challenged Donald from a young age on the 24th of June 1969 Kow Hurst writes his last log entry it is finished it is finished it is the mercy I will resign the game there's no official account as to what happened to Crown given his deteriorating mental state with his journal entries it's largely believed that he jumped off the time with electron taking his own life in the context of sailing around the world only making it to Brazil was a failure but sailing solo from the UK to Brazil is an accomplishment in itself if curst had thrown in the towel he would have faced Financial ruin and personal humiliation something I think he possibly battle from a young age by the time KNX Johnston finished the race and tetley's boat capsized curst realized his log books would have to stand up to the scrutiny of people who knew a lot more than he did especially if his time was faster in my mind he could have potentially wrecked his boats on the Rocks off the coast of Brazil sending his log books to a watery grave that would have released him from Financial ruin and possibly the scrutiny that comes from winning but I get the impression he was already too far down the rabbit hole he had created in his own mind KNX Johnson was the only person to complete the race winning the prize money and the trophy he donated his £5,000 winnings to Kow hurst's family saving them from Financial ruin the Golden Globe race exists in a similar form today to honor its Legacy Sailors are limited to the equipment that was available in 1968 and boths designed in the Golden Age of sailing

  Top Comments:
  1. @thingsaregreathere [1 likes]: The sailor who donated the winnings is a true saint. What a story!
  2. @JimBillyRayBob: I don't want to talk to you anymore.  I fart in your general direction.
- The Frenchman
  3. @louisavondart9178: Well, I've been around Cape Horn no times at all and that time I was blown inside out !
  4. @davidrobertson5700: Holy trinity school in Crawley has a house named Chichester after sir Francis Chichester, in between Smythe house and Britton house on the same side as the gym.
Hi to all who suffered there
  5. @SamiHukka: Merde, I go another round, English rotisserie..
  6. @stnaes-tf4ow: I thought trimarans are supposed to be MORE stable than a single hull boat in rough seas? I don’t see how they wouldn’t be more stable. Edit: AI says trimarans are “significantly more stable” in rough seas
  7. @TheChairmanStories: Never realised that Knox Johnston did that, what a top bloke.
  8. @zukosmom3780: Incredibly sad
  9. @frantzcalleja8714: I love sailing especially fast dinghies but like Moittisier not a great fan of racing.
  10. @wereoursouls3472: Like you said there were other options besides ending his life. He could have headed a few hundred miles from the finish line around the time he was due to finish and then send out an sos and sunk his yacht. As you said though, his mental staite was very poor. Also, all his radio communication were through a relay station which heard everything that was said, so he couldn't even have a private conversation with his wife or friends to tell them his true situation and get their advice. The fact that Teltley capsized was the final nail in the coffin. Poor guy. RIP.
  11. @MichaelCampin: Have you heard of the Swales Family who took to the lifeboat after their yacht was damaged by Orcas in the Southern Pacufic?
  12. @fredorman2429: A recipe for disaster.
  13. @Heidi-f6m: It was probably cool to have Charlize Theron as a mother but DEFINITELY not worth it.
  14. @reyrFuaP: Behave yourself. He didn't lie to win. He lied to try and save his family home and not bring shame on his wife. He stood to lose everything if he didn't finish the race and so he lied about his position,  hoping to come back in third and as a result not attract much attention. When he found out that he was in first place he knew he would face intense scrutiny and that his deception would be exposed. The fear and shame drove him to suicide. There's a world of difference between what actually happened and your clickbait title.
  15. @anuraagt: Great video, thank you.
  16. @moldyhalfling: Kindest regards 💚🌻😊
  17. @AgnosticApologist: He cheated, but he also purposefully tried not to win, because that would be sus af. Instead he wanted  to come in second or third which would ultimately prove the end of him.   Moittessier decided to just keep sailing around the world and Knox’s boat sank.  That’s when his mind began to truly unravel.
  18. @whirledpeas5717: Is HF radio the same as HAM radio I've heard if in the US?
  19. @Dalbert342: I watched the movie but didn't know it was based on real events
  20. @JohnMcPhersonStrutt: Moral of this story:- Never enter a race you cannot afford to loose!

- .I Spent 24 Hours Inside a $500,000,000 Yacht — What I Found Shocked Me: Kind: captions Language: en Somewhere on the open ocean, away from the eyes of the world, floats a vessel that redefineses what it means to be rich. Somewhere on the open ocean, away from the eyes of the world, floats a vessel that redefineses what it means to be rich. Built by one of Europe's most secretive luxury ship builders, this vessel was commissioned to push the very limits of engineering and elegance. Beneath its skies deck lives the yacht's most jaw-dropping fe. This private submersible can dive over 300 m below the surface, carrying passengers into an underwater world most humans will never see. Inside, panoramic viewports and mood lighting transform every dive into a cinematic experience at the bottom of the ocean. Arriving by helicopter is perfectly normal here. The reinforced rooftop helipad can accommodate a full-size luxury chopper. Step inside and you enter a world of curated silence face. Marble from Italy, wood from Brazil, and art selected by a private collector. The main saloon stretches over 200 square meters, larger than most luxury apartments, and comes equipped with a cinema grade entertainment system. An infinity pool with temperature controlled water, a hot tub, and private sund decks ensure there is never a dull moment above sea level. The master suite spans the entire beam of the yacht. A skylight above the bed lets you fall asleep beneath the actual night sky. Below the waterline sits perhaps the most exclusive room on the vessel, an underwater lounge where the ocean becomes your living room wall. A full-time private chef and sue chef run a commercial kitchen rivaling Michelin starred restaurants, all to prepare three meals a day on demand. The formal dining room seats 12 in absolute elegance, a setting where billiondollar deals and lifelong memories are made. Running this yacht requires a crew of 28 trained professionals working around the clock, from navigators and engineers to stewards and security. Each week at sea burns through over half a million dollars in fuel alone. That doesn't even include the crew provisions and docking fees. Militarygrade surveillance cameras, motion sensors, and encrypted communications protect the vessel and its owner at all times. From above, the deck layout reads like a resort map. Every amenity meticulously placed for maximum privacy, comfort, and flow. Below decks hides a full spa with massage suites, a sauna, stain room, and a cryotherapy plunge pool. Because wellness doesn't stop at sea. A state-of-the-art gym with Florida feeling windows ensures you never miss a workout slt with the entire ocean as your motivational view. The temperature controlled wine celler stocks over 2,000 bottles curated by a worldclass sumeier before every voyage. At night, the yacht transforms sled. Underwater lights paint the sea in electric blue. While the stars above complete one with a range of over 6,000 nautical miles, this yacht can cross the Atlantic without refueling street, reaching any coastline on the planet. The Beach Club and Tinder Garage house an entire fleet of toys, speedboats, jet skis, kayaks, and an inflatable water park for open sea fun. Starlink satellite internet and encrypted global communications mean the owner is never truly disconnected. Even in the middle of the Pacific Ocean, the true cost of this yacht goes far beyond the purchase price. Annual upkeep, crew salaries, and docking fees. For the billionaire who owns this vessel, this is not a vacation. This is a way of life, a world. From a hidden submarine to an underwater lounge, from a private helipad to a worldclass spa to a every detail. From a hidden submarine to an underwater lounge, from a private helipad to a worldclass spa,

- Monaco Yacht Show : Sustainability & Yachting (4K 360° Documentary): Kind: captions Language: en [Music] what is luxury yachting they are able pleasure boats sail or motor which are distinguished by a very assertive luxurious atmosphere and a substantial length of at least 30 m we can speak of a super yacht with a length between 40 and 60 M but also of a mega yacht from 60 M and even of a giga yacht when the length exceeds 90 M luxury Yachts are characterized by their large size and Custom Design luxury amenities professional crew exotic destinations and and high cost what plays a role in luxury yachting design building a super yacht is an incredibly complex and challenging process requiring a high level of expertise and attention to detail super Yachts are luxury Yachts which are generally larger and more technologically advanced than traditional Yachts they are often custombuilt to meet the specific needs and preferences of their owners and as a result no two super Yachts are the same construction process once the design is finalized the actual super yacht construction can begin it is a complex process that requires a wide spectrum of Specialists including Carpenters electricians and Engineers the yacht's hall and superstructure are usually built in separate sections and then assembled together in whole blocks sales process either the yacht is built at the request of its future buyer or the yacht already exists and is looking for a new owner in order to sell your yacht you inquire on yacht Brokers they are responsible for supporting you through all stages of sale or purchase of a luxury yacht from legal to marketing including the search for wealthy clients the sales of both super yachts and mega Yachts can extend over several years as offers can climb to several hundred million management Mega Yachts are floating hotels they therefore require a lot of human Financial and Technical Resources for their management and maintenance broker agencies most often offer boat cost Management Services linked to maintenance crew management and administrative processes associations and organizations with the interest of taking on ever more challenges industry players are forming business groups associations or clubs in order to collaborate to ensure a sustainable future for yachting they share codes of conduct ethics as well as their search and development knowledge to contribute to the industry yachting events events dedicated to yachting such as the Monaco yacht show bring together all the players in the industry these events are made to create opportunities for all participants to try to sell your mega yacht or to buy one these events are also exhibition venues for Innovations both technological and ecological what are the environmental issues in luxury yachting today it is the solution related to propulsion construction yacht materials life cycle and life onboard super Yachts now we are going to discover how the world of luxury yachting transforms itself to reduce its impact on environment sustainability and yachting and we're now with Kurt from symbiosis we have fully immersed inside uh his project and inside the immersive experience of the Monaco yard show this year hi Kurt nice to meet you uh tell us a bit uh about why you do this project and what are the actual Stakes of the Ying industry well this project is actually something new and something that we are really inviting nature back on board so we've created 10 different nature features that benefit the wellbeing so it changes the whole experience on being on a yacht and how this include itself in how the yachting industry is transforming there are different features that um provide the industry a new perspec effective on let's say luxury traveling for example one of our features is called the oxygen Cascade it goes over five floors and it refreshes and rejuvenates the air through plants that's a big question for your many materials which are used in large quantities is becoming a problem the amount of te of course the origin of the teak everybody especially in this industry is very aware of these problems and also we anticipate as designers to build it in such a way that's very sustainable how as a designer do you act proactively uh to help towards sustainability we have a lot of products already um which are new or are in let's say test phases we have of course a life spe or a cycle uh of 3 four 5 years till a yard is realized okay so we can anticipate with Innovation but what we're trying to do is bring the Innovative material to the table and make it as an open discussion so we have always manufactured in Indonesia Indonesia has the best quality teak that is sustainably grown so we will only use wood in our furniture that is sustainable and harvested there we're now working on a new collection which is quite exciting we're now doing one called Arc in color and we're going to use a nylon rope that is made from Ghost nuts and textile waste that is fully sustainable so we're very excited about that color C for us the the main challenge are of course the CO2 emissions yeah the other thing is noise I think noise pollution from from engine I would say the last one is probably the the noise under the water so coming from the also from the engine so for us the idea at the beginning was very to develop a boat brand to provide a boat that was 100% Elric okay interesting to give a new experience to people okay and we realize after a couple of years of working in the market that there's also big approach would be on the retrofitting of existing boats interes so we keep the boats as they are now and we're just changing the power train we've done it at this boat which is um from 1961 we remove the V8 uh and the the fuel tank okay n she is 100% electric so you feel the same it's still luxury it's a luxury boat it's still this one is from the 60s as I said so you still enjoy the boat from sometimes from families yeah really the sustainability is more becoming an important topic I think that's more on the awareness okay and responsibility but on the other it's economic topic super yard has a certain price and nobody wants to have a toxic asset so you want to make sure you can use it it's accepted also in the future and how does rollsroyce which is first known for car but now uh is into yach industry answering to this this problem we are making the M2 engine so we have a Heritage of 100 years we are one of the major engine suppliers for us so I mean that's a responsibility to provide Solutions which are sustainable to get the engine future proof to make it ready to use CO2 neutral fuels sure and also think more on systems so think on a hybrid approach where you combine battery with with an engine which also gives the possibility to get higher efficiency you know the Yen industry really compromis a small portion of all the Marine if you will the whole Marine is moving to an ecologically more stable Direction basically changing the fuel and if you change the fuel then you have to change the machines that actually create the energy either for propulsion or for the hotel law there is the sensitivity around you know the the customers are insensitive so so we make uh what's called a fuel cell and actually which is a a generator if you will uh and then uh we also couple it with green methanol which we feel will be a very important fuel in the future I would say the Ying industry is a niche market no compared to other industrial segments but we can say that is an area that is a pioneering area because uh it's an area where there are really a need of sustainability because we are talking about luxury goods and for sure there is a need of reducing emission and really targeting Net Zero emission in the short term it's all about reducing emission through the use of uh highly efficient technology and solution it means efficient batteries efficient generator an efficient energy management system in the medium term and in the long term is the introduction of clean fuels as well the use of technology that are able to uh use those clean fuels we are working for a project with San Loreno for fuel cell okay that is the one that we are doing with our partner of Advent and this is something that is a real big step across the sustainability because we are reducing a mission so in general it's all about energy in the end of the day how do you move all the boats we in ampros we are uh electric propulsion integrators so we provide electric propulsion systems for yting for different types of boats and this is how we are uh let's say addressing the issue of energy transition and how actually to use your boats with more sustainable energy sources which could be either synthetic fuels it can be hydrogen it can be just pure electricity that can be charged uh from the shore [Applause] power so one of the things we're seeing a lot is that uh the electric Revolution is being held back a little bit in yachting or it's not moving as quickly we sell 100% electric yachts and those are completely quiet no vibrations no emissions and one of the key points is about this is that how do you bring this experience as well as the emission savings also to the Mothership the concept that we have developed is called The Loft and it's completely developed to uh during the day be the ultimate tender for super Ys do all the things you normally expect bring people to shore Etc without emissions without vibrations and complete silence but then at night is when the party trick happens because that's when the boat docks to the mother ship and can actually provide use the batteries of the mo to provide power to the mother ship the batteries which are a big investment from resources and materials are now being used even more so from a life cycle perspective it's more sustainable as well so basically since couple of years we're facing a lack of knowledge between the different parts of the industry okay once you talk about energy transition usually people are like oh well I've heard some words like hyrogen but they don't really know what is behind today with Hy how do you bring solution to all those problems what we offer it's a Consulting service to look on the market and Benchmark for new technologies such as generators or engines on board station at the ports and the energies concerned are hydrogen electricity biofuels or biomethanol we work for ports or Yachts the ports it's on our French onti and the Yachts on Monaco on TI our company is uh actively acting for for the actual Fleet okay so we are not waiting for the future generation of boats uh our poor our strong uh commitment is like to act to the with the boat actually the fleet is actually there and cruising to reduce the impact drastically with the boat I think one of the most difficult things at the moment is trying to increase awareness of what we can do in yachting to improve our um uh carbon footprint um we're currently burning hvo fuel it's still made from uh waste oils and animal fats but it's processed in a different way from traditional biodiesel and this um from the stack is giving 95 up to 95% less CO2 emissions has a lot more stability than uh in the tanks than traditional Fame containing oil okay and uh we're hopeful that this is one step we can take towards um being more green and uh more sustainable in the future I think the awareness is increasing I mean there's definitely more attention on creating Sustainable Solutions being efficient in your operation and providing a product that has a a long long lasting benefit a silver Edge is a good example of the approach that we're taking first of all it's an all aluminum build so the raw materials that we using are recyclable they very easy to Source the hull design itself it's designed by Espino very well regarded designer also when it comes to efficient designs I would say we have a hybrid compulsion system in here you can run this boat on a diesel electric or pure Electric Mount um so overall the sustainability approach is exactly falling in line with our company Vision as well well sustainability is extremely important not uh you know in the entire world but definitely also for the super industry of course uh we need to improve our foodprint in the future um not only in your product but also an all production method to complete supply chain I think uh clients expect it from us and also the rules and regulations are getting more strict so we also need to uh comply to those and so what is he bringing as a solution uh to these challenges two years ago we introduced our blue NCH program it's called Blue NCH by H blue NCH is a sustainable program it consists of six pillars um improving H efficiency improving uh propulsion efficiency making production and operation more sustainable looking at the usage of sustainable materials of course also the workplace itself uh like solar panels and shut we are in challenging times but also very interesting times at the moment uh so one of the big changes which we will see in the world in the coming years is the energy transition so we're slowly phasing out from fossil fuels to Alternative and more sustainable fuels so right in front of you is our concept aolis a wonderful design but maybe even more interesting under the hood so this is what we call the energy transition platform which allow clients to buy a yacht which seals on diesel at the moment okay but the technical Foundation is fully prepared for methanol so the tanks are prepared for the fossil the alternative fuel of the future impressive which means that let's say 5 10 years time the infrastructure and all technology is there is easy to uh refit the yacht in such a way where you can use it for 10 20 30 years amazing one big goal we have is to make our products Net Zero so carbon neutral on a global scheme of things and so what concrete solution are you bringing as a shipyard we are heavily working on methanol hydrogen fuel cells at the moment we do have a demonstrator on one of our shipyards sitting in L where you can uh get in touch with the tech technology and we also have a contract in place uh where we will install a 1 mwatt uh methanol hydrogen fuel cell solution and we're now with Claudia bani project manager at the Monaco Yacht Club Claudia thank you for having us here thank you for coming to meet us Claudia could you please explain to me what is the goal of Monaco capital of advanced yachting please so first of all to understand we have to go back in time a little with our location where we don't have much else to ask for our Maritime Heritage dates back all the way to 1862 the days of very first regatas that took place right here in front of us in 1904 the automotive industry came to test car engines on the water and 100 years later we come to try new ways of propulsion whether Electric solar or hydrogen and so what are the actions that you take in this pursuit of innovative and responsible Ying what we did is that we established a charter of commitment which has the objectives of the United Nations as well as it has our own Vision beliefs and goals and then we went out to meet the industry in Monaco associated in a multitude of different ways with the world of yachting and today we already have 80 participants included in our list which is fantastic so obviously goes from Charter and sales companies to those who take care of yacht refit jobs but also for example from the National Education why the National Education you may ask today we hear that we are building a lot of boats but that we are going to lack crew and we think that it is absolutely necessary for these young people to come and discover this extraordinary world of yachting and also for us to listen to them especially in terms of the environment simply because of their commitment and extraordinary ideas and uh regarding the future of all your solution and your integration inside the boats how do you see the evolution of the yting industry is going to be it will accelerate quite quickly in my opinion for smaller boats up to 40 50 foot it is possible to make them pure electric only battery driven for bigger bolts there will be different types of hybrid Solutions either hydrogen methanol synthetic fuels and so on and this is the future that I believe it will happen thank you very much and wish you a good show so basically to be more sustainable this lack of knowledge I was mentioning it's something need to be solved we decided to make a step to help that so we are trainer at label class Academy from the yach club of Monaco we are approved by the Monaco governments from the mission for the transition energy and any Monaco based company they can be founded between 30 and 75% on the price of the training to help them making this change it's really interesting thank you very much tamy thanks to you wel I wish you a very good show thank you thank you I think efficiency and and usability of the product has always driven our Innovation that's also you know in our partnership with Espino I think we will continue to push this we'll definitely continue to push aluminium as a you know as a very responsible material for ship building and I think from a design perspective camons are interesting product we have to see what happens in that space um we have now five different designs available here oh Alex thank you very much it was a pleasure I wish you a nice show and see you thank you the Monaco Yacht Club therefore as a nonprofit Association aims to also have a second Community role which consists of becoming a meeting platform targeted towards organizing events and symposiums so that the younger Generations may come just as they did last July during the Monaco energy boat challenge where more than 30 universities came to present their new ideas and it is very important for us because we help them meet the industry the investors and there are already projects that have seen the light of day and young people who have found work it's a great initiative and I wish you lots of great projects thank you so much the pleasure is mine and we can't wait to welcome everyone to Monaco and regarding all those uh different challenges and solutions why is it important for you to be present here at the mono show what do you find as an interest here well the good thing is that here meets a point where the client meets the industry and the suppliers in a very good scale amazing so there are many shows which are nice to visit but this is really where uh all the components of a yacht rening from wheelhouse Radars uh lighting flooring people are presenting their work here and therefore you get a really good uh chemistry and can bring all the right parties together to make a project thank you very much thank you for your time very welcome oh It's always important to be the mono yach show of course uh the fun element but also to spread the message the message that there's more and more into ying and that we believe there's a different future for you of course so even looking around on the stand which you see right now we try to display that image sure so the stand is completely built of sustainable materials the sides right here that's recycled jeans uh we're working with bamboo and natural materials and that's something which we'd like to reflect even back on the on the concepts we're doing thank you very much v no re it was a real pleasure have a nice show most important is to sell boats of course that that that's you know it's a commercial commercial event um secondly you can meet the network uh and that's important captains journalists surveyors Brokers of course uh opinion leaders in the the third reason and last but definitely not least is to have a look at the developments in the industry sustainability Innovation all kind of technique and we meet suppliers but we also go to workshops uh and look at all kind of developments which could be interesting for us and so it's also not only selling BS but also learning about about developments thank you very much Mark for yes it was a pleasure and enjoy your show thank you you too moot Savannah is here representing fed ship and I really feel like them as a sh a ship Builder they are really leading the way in sustainability practices and trying to increase efficiency in yachting there's a lot of exciting work and Concepts that they're bringing forward to us and um we're hopeful that you know Savannah led the way and other new Yachts can follow so we're very happy to be working with them and representing and trying to get the exposure to everyone else to realize what we can do to be more green in yting of course thank you very much thank you very much thank you Andrew luxury yarding is Sal in towards a more sustainable Direction and the change is already here the newest Yachts are in fact built from a sustainable standpoint whether it's about design with plant-based air circulation about construction with Advanced Construction methods using renewable energy sources and sustainable materials about yacht associations and organizations with their training services and research as well as it is about yachting events with them as host to the sustainable future of yachting

- #84 | Expedition Svalbard: Sailing 550 Miles Home from the High Arctic: Kind: captions Language: en I'm filling in the safety net report&nbsp; which is required to re-enter Norway&nbsp;&nbsp; and I'm just on the customs page where&nbsp; they want to know what articles we have in And we're off! We left Longyearbyen tonight at 18:15. We filled up the tanks up to the rim&nbsp;&nbsp; and now we have to get out of Isfjorden which&nbsp; is a bit of a – we'll have some wind against us&nbsp;&nbsp; for the first couple of hours just coming into&nbsp; Isfjorden and then once we turn around south&nbsp;&nbsp; the wind should die off and probably&nbsp; for the next day we'll have to motor until&nbsp;&nbsp; the south coast of Spitsbergen and there we should&nbsp; have some wind coming from the northeast. That's at least what the forecast says. So, let's see&nbsp; what we're being dealt with. At the moment,&nbsp;&nbsp; we're motoring with about 4 1/2 knots.&nbsp; We're going slow, not too many RPM,&nbsp;&nbsp; just to not go too hard on the diesel tank. And we think we might be in Tromsø on Sunday evening&nbsp;&nbsp; or in the night to Monday somewhere. That's how it looks at the moment. We'll see what&nbsp;&nbsp; cards we're being dealt with. We've decided&nbsp; to go now. So, now we have to take what comes. The noise on a sailboat can sometimes be quite&nbsp; annoying, particularly when we run on the engine.&nbsp;&nbsp; We normally play some mellow background&nbsp; music on the video. This is the raw noise...! Good morning. It's Thursday, 17th of July and&nbsp; it's 8:30 in the morning. I'm on watch. I had&nbsp;&nbsp; a nice long sleep. Kathrin let me sleep until&nbsp; just before 9:00. So – and I went off watch at&nbsp;&nbsp; 1:00, then watched the weather until 1:30.&nbsp; So I had a good sleep. Very kind of Kathrin&nbsp;&nbsp; to let me sleep that long. And Anton still&nbsp; down below. He gets some well-deserved rest.&nbsp;&nbsp; He was on watch after me. There's no wind at&nbsp; all at the moment. The sea is very glassy.&nbsp;&nbsp; And we're doing about 5.2 knots. We're&nbsp; motoring at very low revs 1750 (RPM) just to&nbsp;&nbsp; minimize the usage of diesel. With this we&nbsp; should probably be around 4 L of diesel an&nbsp;hour We should have enough fuel on board to make&nbsp; it all under engine if needed. So that's the&nbsp;calculation If we go on like that we should&nbsp; be in Tromsø Monday morning, early morning but we&nbsp;&nbsp; hope that we will get some wind that we can&nbsp; sail something and that would be a bit faster&nbsp;&nbsp; than the slow motoring and also that could give us&nbsp; the opportunity to then go a bit faster because we&nbsp;have more diesel it's just a patience game now and it's&nbsp; not very fun to motor that we rather&nbsp;&nbsp; have a window with not too strong winds – and that's&nbsp; how it's predicted – than to come into very bad&nbsp;&nbsp; weather up here. It's actually quite warm here&nbsp; under the canopy, nice and cozy with the sun&nbsp;&nbsp; warming it up behind uh the windows outside. It's&nbsp; quite cold. It's about 7° and there's a slight&nbsp;&nbsp; breeze now 5 knots from the front. So it's a bit cold outside. So I am glad having this&nbsp;&nbsp; construction that shields us. Maybe some words&nbsp; to our fuel capacity. So we have our main tank.&nbsp;&nbsp; In our main tank, we had 230 L because it was&nbsp; full to the rim. And then we have cans. We have&nbsp;&nbsp; 10 cans of 20 L on deck. That's the yellow&nbsp; ones, you can see and uh then we also have&nbsp;&nbsp; 5 cans that we always carry full as a&nbsp; reserve in the cockpit locker. So that gives us a&nbsp;&nbsp; total of 530 L at the beginning, and we just&nbsp; have to make sure that with these 530 L we make it&nbsp;&nbsp; to the next fuel station. We expect stronger&nbsp; wind later, but now the sea state is flat,&nbsp;&nbsp; so we top off the fuel tank. You have to make hay&nbsp; while the sun shines. So, OK. So, how do we do that best, spacewise? You put&nbsp; it up there before you do you not want to do&nbsp;&nbsp; that? Yes, but we have to do one after the other.&nbsp; So, and I have to hold them up. I think that okay good. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Is that the, the fuel, fuel? Yeah. To make you to make you awake. Sorry. We've been traveling for 19 hours. We've&nbsp; covered 95 nautical miles and we filled&nbsp;&nbsp; 80 L of fuel. Doing a quick calculation that&nbsp; says we're using 4.2 L of diesel an hour and we're using 0.85 L of diesel per nautical&nbsp; mile so far. So, going back on our project,&nbsp;&nbsp; we have 450 nautical miles to go. We have&nbsp; 450 L left on board. If we use these 450&nbsp;L at the steady rate of 4.2 motoring&nbsp; everything, that gives us roughly 105 hours&nbsp;to go And that's 525 nautical miles compared&nbsp; to 450 to go. That should leave us with like&nbsp;&nbsp; 70 to 80 L in the tank. So fingers crossed&nbsp; with a bit of sailing, we should be fine. It's 7:30 in the evening and as&nbsp; promised by the oracle of the weather&nbsp;&nbsp; forecast, we have wind that we can sail.&nbsp; We have, we had up to 21 knots actually&nbsp;&nbsp; in apparent wind. Now it's down to 14.&nbsp; We're still doing 5.3 (knots). So the same speed as&nbsp;&nbsp; we did before under engine, but now&nbsp; much less stressful under sail. And&nbsp;&nbsp; we're trodding along along nicely. So hope&nbsp; that will continue for a long time and if that's the case, then we should be able&nbsp; to sail for another day. So, we shall see. That's quite an increase in wind speed. We&nbsp; now at the gust of 29 knots, now down to 18, but&nbsp;&nbsp; that's still quite a bit. We put in the second&nbsp; reef in the main. Now, we were quite overpowered&nbsp;&nbsp; and even now we're still doing 7 knots&nbsp; over ground, which is pretty good, actually. The wind has to – seems to have calmed down a&nbsp; bit. At least a bit. We're down to 16 to 20 (knots).&nbsp;&nbsp; But if you look at what we had, we had up&nbsp; to 30 knots in gusts. Was a bit lively well, now it's better. We're still&nbsp; doing 7.5 knots. That's very good.&nbsp;&nbsp; 400 nautical miles to go. We've done&nbsp; 155 so far. And we hope that maybe&nbsp;&nbsp; in – well, the good thing is, the more it&nbsp; blows the faster we'll be we'll be in. And it's 23:15 in the evening now.&nbsp; So everyone's asleep except me of course. It's half past midnight. My shift will be at the&nbsp;end, at 1:00 am. So, another half an hour. The wind has&nbsp;&nbsp; calmed down quite a bit now. We're in the 15&nbsp; to 20 (knot)s, 21 maybe, with a following sea,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's quite okay now, actually. We're still doing almost 7 knots,&nbsp;&nbsp; two reefs in, the boat feels&nbsp; well balanced and nice and upright,&nbsp;&nbsp; so we're not heeling. I think, those who&nbsp; go to sleep or those who sleep, they might have&nbsp;&nbsp; had at least some rest without being tossed&nbsp; around too much. We are now well south of Sørkapp of the island of Svalbard. Down here we&nbsp; just see Bjørnøya coming into the picture and&nbsp;&nbsp; we have 390 nautical miles to do. So progressing&nbsp; well. Obviously that's pretty fast. (The navigation system) predicts 58 h&nbsp;&nbsp; hours. So that's a little bit more than 2 days.&nbsp; That would be in the early hours of Sunday. I give it until Sunday evening maybe,&nbsp; that would still be a very good passage. It's 00:15 Friday the 18th of July and&nbsp; we're still on the way. We're about 50&nbsp;&nbsp; nautical miles northwest of Bjørnøya. We have&nbsp; 325 nautical miles to go to Tromsø. Cruising at the moment at the speed of about 5 to 6&nbsp; knots. The wind is 12 knots from about 60&nbsp;- 70° So that's quite a good angle actually.&nbsp; We like that. The seastate is quite flat.&nbsp;&nbsp; And it's actually quite a nice sailing now.&nbsp; The wind is forecast to die off later on,&nbsp;&nbsp; probably through the night during the night&nbsp; and then we might have to motor for about&nbsp;&nbsp; a day. So we shall see how that pans out.&nbsp; But so far it's great. We see blowouts from&nbsp;&nbsp; some whales on the starboard side, but sadly&nbsp; they are too far away for a good picture. The wind has now died, we're currently, we&nbsp; currently have like 7 knots only&nbsp;&nbsp; from about 40°, so from forward, which&nbsp; is just not for efficient sailing. We would&nbsp;&nbsp; probably made about 4 knots with that&nbsp; or so, which given where we are, in which seas we sail and also given we&nbsp; really want uh to make this an efficient&nbsp;&nbsp; crossing is not an option. We have enough&nbsp; diesel now. So we decided to motor sail&nbsp;&nbsp; to maintain a good speed and to hopefully&nbsp; make it back in on Sunday evening, Sunday night. I think you're always too late. That's too slow. It's 1:00 Saturday morning. I'm in my last&nbsp; hour of night watch. Kathrin will relieve me at&nbsp;&nbsp; 2:00 in the morning. We have 253 nautical&nbsp; miles to go to Tromsø. I still hope that&nbsp;&nbsp; we'll have a an ETA on Sunday evening.&nbsp; That would be great. We're doing about&nbsp;&nbsp; 6 knots over ground under engine. We have&nbsp; slight winds from about 30° in the front,&nbsp;&nbsp; so nothing to sail with. And we have the&nbsp; main sail up. We're doing a motor sail. And&nbsp;&nbsp; it's all rather uneventful so far. We have&nbsp; seen a few dolphins and wales during the day,&nbsp;&nbsp; but now it's very calm, not a&nbsp; lot going on, everybody's asleep. It's Sunday the 20th of July, a 11:45 in&nbsp; the morning. We have just about an hour ago&nbsp;&nbsp; crossed the Norwegian territorial waters, the 12&nbsp;mile zone, and we're inbound. And we can&nbsp;&nbsp; see land now. The sun is out, the wind is&nbsp; off. I think we're going to take the sails&nbsp;&nbsp; down now because they're just flapping and wearing on the whole structure. So that's&nbsp;&nbsp; the plan. We have another 46 nautical&nbsp; miles to go to Tromsø and our ETA is about&nbsp;&nbsp; uh 6 to 7 in the evening. So we're almost done.&nbsp; Everything went well so far. Now we just need&nbsp;&nbsp; to get it through the last couple of nautical&nbsp; miles. It's really summer here now. The sun is&nbsp;&nbsp; out and it's 15°C. I don't know when last we had&nbsp; 15° C. That was probably about a year ago or so&nbsp;&nbsp; that's quite strange. So soon I will&nbsp; have to put on my shorts and t-shirt. Summer! It's okay. It's nice. It's&nbsp; summer. It's almost 20° C and&nbsp;&nbsp; time to get some sun. Time to get some suntan. Nice t-shirt – from Ny-Ålesund... Okay, so take this: 555 nautical miles&nbsp; ago, I said we got to be here in this&nbsp;&nbsp; tidal gate around 3 to 4 to 5 (o'clock), not before&nbsp; 3 and not after 7 to get through. Now,&nbsp;&nbsp; guess where we are? We are in the plain&nbsp; middle of it (the tidal current zone), it's pulling us through with&nbsp;&nbsp; 3 knots. And we didn't have to stop or&nbsp; to accelerate. We just bang on that seammanship. We are not sponsored, but it's okay. But I've eaten much better on this&nbsp; trip than this. Yeah. But we just bought this&nbsp;&nbsp; because it's easy to make because&nbsp; you never know. Yes. What happens? No, it's okay. As we sail back into the familiar waters&nbsp; of Tromsø, 33 days after we first cast off,&nbsp;&nbsp; the journey begins to replay in our minds.&nbsp; This trip took us far beyond our comfort zones.&nbsp;&nbsp; At times it was physically demanding, at times&nbsp; mentally challenging. The highs were very high and&nbsp;&nbsp; the lows could feel just as deep. But every mile&nbsp; north brought something extraordinary. We reached&nbsp;&nbsp; the remote and mysterious island of Bjørnøya with&nbsp; its lovely weather station and long quiet history.&nbsp;&nbsp; We sailed among drifting icebergs. We watched a&nbsp; polar bear sleeping on the shore and walrus resting&nbsp;&nbsp; heavily along the coast. In Svalbard, we saw sharp&nbsp; contrasts. The lively streets of Longyearbyen full&nbsp;&nbsp; of visitors and activity. Barentsburg, the&nbsp; old Russian mining town that still feels&nbsp;&nbsp; frozen in the Soviet era. And Ny-Ålesund,&nbsp; a quiet international research station today,&nbsp;&nbsp; but also a former mining town. And a place where&nbsp; Roald Amenson began his airship journey to the&nbsp;&nbsp; North Pole. Three very different communities,&nbsp; all built on coal, but shaped in their own way&nbsp;&nbsp; by life in the high Arctic. Everywhere we looked,&nbsp; the past was still present. Old hunting stations,&nbsp;&nbsp; abandoned ventures, reminders of human ambition,&nbsp; preserved by the cold and the dry Arctic air, left&nbsp;&nbsp; untouched for decades, sometimes centuries. But&nbsp; what stayed with us most was the landscape itself,&nbsp;&nbsp; the raw beauty of it. jacket snowcapped mountains&nbsp; rising straight from the sea. Endless glaciers,&nbsp;&nbsp; small signs of life holding on in a harsh and&nbsp; fragile environment. We sailed through strong&nbsp;&nbsp; winds and thick fog, through drizzle and bright&nbsp; sunshine. And yes, we burned a fair bit of diesel&nbsp;&nbsp; along the way. And now, as the lines are tight&nbsp; and the engine finally falls silent in Tromsø,&nbsp;&nbsp; one feeling rises above the rest: Gratitude.&nbsp; Gratitude that Polaris brought us safely home.&nbsp;&nbsp; And gratitude that we were able to experience&nbsp; a small part of this remarkable corner of the&nbsp;world. But our sailing season is far from over&nbsp; yet, and we enjoy an extraordinary autumn here&nbsp;&nbsp; in the far north. Join us next time when we&nbsp; embark on a tour outside the islands of Senya&nbsp;&nbsp; and Vesterålen before we return to our safe&nbsp; winter harbour ahead of the Arctic winter storms.

  Top Comments:
  1. @yachtncarlos: Hello my friends, such an incredible trip. Thanks for sharing with us, Cheers from Canary Islands
  2. @antonmanuel4772: Both, another great well put together video. Your passage planning and attention to detail Daniel is exemplary.
  3. @rollingpuck: What a great adventure. Thanks for taking us along. Slainte!
  4. @MikeSantis: Welcome "home" 😊 thanks for the wonderful episode
  5. @Cptnbond: An amazing adventure that you shared in the latest episodes. I think Norwegians and the Swiss share a love of mountains and cold. Thanks for sharing. Cheers.
  6. @douglasandsharongray5340: Wonderful, many thanks.
  7. @helgejnakken4116: Congratulations on a fantastic voyage. Always looking forward to your next episode. I am planning a trip to Svalbard within the next two- three years, but still a freshman as sailor. (My experience is from powerboats mainly).  When predicting your routes and wind-conditions - what kind of software do you use to determine best departure time and course?  Giving you different alternatives as you have shown occasionally in your videos?  Eager to learn 😅
  8. @timowen5736: Wht dont you wear vinyl gloves to refuel?
  9. @FlorianKrüger: Great accomplishment friends. Brrrr, but well done!
  10. @DavidBridger1: A fine expedition, well recorded and presented. Good work!
  11. @DirkJacobsz: Daniel - "That's Seamanship" - splendid planning - Well done Daniel Kathrin and Tom- for your meticulous detail - a trip of a life time - Kudos to you all. And brave. I love your dialogue Daniel..Well done Polaris....
  12. @WilliamBell-t8k: Raw noise please. No music.....especially soft rock!
  13. @thesophiagibson: Well done you guys, we always look forward to seeing your adventures.

- A Plastic Voyage: A Sky documentary: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] we're an island nation our history and our identity intimately connected to the ocean but some things threatening the seas around us it's plastic here in our beautiful waters in the very foundations of marine life getting into the food we eat i've joined a team of women that wants to know more about what's going on together we'll embark on a journey an expedition around the uk we're going to be tested to our very limits there'll be unexpected events some magical moments one two three and as many science experiments as we can manage let's go so can we do it can a boat full of strangers rise to this challenge can we learn more about the water that sustains life on earth this is the story of a group of women and our voyage of discovery it all starts in plymouth thanks for seeing them welcome to c drive how are you doing we get a few minutes to stow our gear and find our bunks thank you sorry it's heavy yeah so this is home not much space but that is the way it works on a boat these women have each paid for their place on the expedition a month-long journey around the uk measuring for plastics and raising awareness as we go a professional crew will be looking after us i'm here in the capacity as a deckhand i'm basically here because i love sailing and i love the ocean and i'm looking forward to having an amazing time going around my home turf this time around the uk which is going to be incredible have a day moored in the harbour to learn the basics and then we begin first let's get off this dock diane reed is our skipper some of her crew have sailed before others like me have little experience at sea out of the port and into open water aboard our boat a 72-foot expedition yacht called seadragon [Applause] you feel good to finally be on sale yeah it's great this is my favorite thing in the world we're sailing from plymouth around land's end up the bristol channel to cardiff to start with all is calm in the evening sun but there's bad weather ahead and we sail right into it against the wind with choppy waves it's a horrible combination most of the boat starts feeling queasy there's a bit of sick on the side here i'm just gonna throw some water on it gonna be sick watch out the atlantic ocean is merciless and it's a rough start a very long two days later things finally start to get better vanessa a fish buyer for a supermarket emerges i'm alive again sorry that was such a horrible experience we're getting rid of the evidence it never happened i found myself in tears sitting in the saloon uh having my own two-year-old tantrum fell well aware that it's a tantrum but really wanting to just be home and wanting all the movement just to stop but mainly we're disappointed because we haven't been able to do any science we feel a bit defeated just turn the wheel that way please the bad weather has delayed us and skipper diane has to race into cardiff bay before the tide is too low for the boat but we're trying to squeeze into the lock before the gate closes literally not just figuratively what does you'll skip this home to tell you about whether we're going to make it or not uh my escape resign tells me we're going to make it but we're also going to be very very careful when we go over the sill because we might have literally a few centimeters to clear sit down everybody's on the bow sit down we make it just after all the challenges of the last few days getting into cardiff bay feels like a real achievement it was actually one of the most miserable periods of my life and i wasn't alone these things have a bonding effect 14 women who didn't know each other before the journey started and now we know each other really rather too well having seen each other in all sorts of different terrible states and that's actually been very good for team spirit now we're all feeling better in the sun while we've been at sea the expedition's two youngest ambassadors have been traveling upstream amy and ella meek have founded a campaign called kids against plastic they're too young to sail with us on sea dragon got it instead they're tackling the problem of plastic pollution wherever they find it right let's go we already can't fit anymore in the back i caught up with ella and dad tim in cardiff how are you good we're picking up litter close to the bay that's how micro plastics get into the water we find disintegrating straws all over the ground that's one of your big four plastics isn't it what are they again straws coffee cups and lids bottles bags bottles and bags so we can stop selling and using those replace them with reusables does anything make a difference can we make a difference with this little clean here sort of what's the point why are we doing this yeah what are we achieving here so we're trying to pick up a hundred thousand pieces of single-use beverage plastic that for us relates to the figure of a hundred thousand sea mammals killed every year engagement on shore is a vital part of this mission so we hold a reception on board sea dragon for people interested in what we're doing just a few meters away under the steps of the welsh assembly building itself a reminder that plastic pollution is everywhere this is really really important this is about getting it up the agenda getting at the forefront of people's minds and uh and really like discussing like the multifacetedness of the of the issue like we need to tackle it all together we need politicians to listen to us we need industry to know that we care about this and that we want the change now time's up in cardiff the duties have been allocated we'll work around the clock to make it to the next port my first night shift this evening is 4 00 am to 8 am tuffy are you excited i am actually we'll actually get some science done which is pretty cool and they're seasick so we're off off to belfast across the irish sea two nights and a day of sailing see you on the other side but we don't get very far just to advise you we have had to stop engines and we're just drifting outside the chat at the moment i have found a beautiful bit of plastic which is a very potential source of why we can get water into our engine okay use one of the other access points i did just find this over the intake sweet put it back together yeah i'm gonna replace this yay shitty plastic language diamond but the problem still isn't fixed we can't work out what's wrong and we're not going anywhere six days into the voyage with hardly any science done the pressure is on our sailing expedition around the uk has ground to a halt we're stuck in the bristol channel because our engine's not working we thought we'd found the problem a piece of plastic sucked into a filter the plastic culprit has been removed but now everything's put back together we're still not moving looks like things have escalated slightly we we don't have water moving through the system yet so i've gone back to two things they're made that piece of plastic that we had may have only been one of it may have been more diane and holly keep searching that is a full there's blockage fish it smells like a fish actually didn't lie no i've chopped his head off oh where's your scientists what the hell is that that his head is in here do science won't miss science he's a bit damaged i didn't check the eel in all their combined decades at sea the professional crew have never seen such a thing but there's no time to dwell on it we need to get going we have extracted the eel from our engine and uh we're about to hoist anchor just outside of you and be on our way thank you very much let's go we're making our way out of the bristol channel across the irish sea and to belfast it's choppy but we have our sea legs now lovely to get the sails up and finally make some progress as night falls there are chores below deck to do lynn and i tackle the worst one pumping the bilges the next day conditions are right to start trawling this is a very fine mesh to collect micro plastics and of course it will catch anything else but nothing is straight forward at sea a curious grey seal comes to investigate and we can't risk it getting tangled in our lines we've got another 20 minutes to wait now guys he's going i want to see i want to see at long last the science is underway ready this straw collects samples from the ocean's surface even tiny particles of plastic it's one of our most important pieces of kit troll out stop hey hold cat okay time to investigate the contents are filtered through sieves of different sizes and examined i found bits of plastic with organisms growing on it and then i also found bits of what looked to be microfibers um floating out of a gut of a fish we will see we will see what he's got to tell us we're trying to take the intestine out so we can then empty it to check for any thing that we can identify as plastic even the unlucky eel in the engine is fair game under the microscope tanya found 11 microfibers and a small piece of hard plastic in his digestive tract while we get to grips with the water pump now far out into the irish sea some visitors arrived their presence prompts a discussion about protecting this habitat sarah tanburn is a writer sailor and management consultant the fashion to drink water out of single-use plastic water bottles is an incredibly destructive piece of very clever marketing so well you know actually bonus to that i don't want you marketing stuff that just drops crap all over my street gets into my oceans and destroys my food chain i'm not interested in it so how do we encourage people who we want to be hydrated who want to be healthy to drink the very good tap water which we in the united kingdom are blessed with so we're 25 miles away from dock ish awesome time to get dressed at an angle and up on deck for a last push to belfast diane demonstrates crucial sailing skills like how to eat hot food in the rain while helming we're all drenched but there's no time to stop and dry off it's straight from the boat onto a beach clean a tradition now for the crew of sea dragon this one is the worst yet you can hear the plastic crunching under our feet it's heartbreaking to see it happen everywhere it's layers deep you move it apart and something looks clean or at least mildly cleaned and it's just not it has to end from the source it has to be people disposing of their trash in the right way it has to be companies finding product you know finding different ways to produce their products so that doesn't create this kind of waste i wonder how long that's been down there just growing underneath the brush it's ridiculous the rubbish piles up crew member and artist deborah moore put some of it on display at a local cafe mostly what we got were bottles bottle caps and then a lot of ducks i said someone's had a duck fun race it's out of sight out of mine because it's like nobody then thinks where do these end up and what happens to them so how many bags did we get from the beach team 55 and how much time did it take together 90 minutes 55 bags in 19 minutes any chance you could just grab the passage plan book before we leave belfast the crew gathers for a briefing on the next part of the journey diane has some news this is hurricane gert hi gert hi gert hurricane we were planning to sail right around the coast of scotland we have 40 knots potentially that we're going to see which is a lot of wind this boat could handle it but um it won't allow us to do science it could jeopardize the whole project to go so we're not going to go instead we are going to create a whole new opportunity and that is to go through the caledonian canal the crew works late into the night to plan our new route we are casting off and on our way out over we're heading north up to scotland for the final part of leg one it's a short hop from belfast to lamlash bay in aaron this is a crew transformed these are our biggest seas yet but instead of being sick we're having fun the wind is behind us pushing us along i'm starting to understand why people get hooked on sailing almost there first mate holly has to get the sail packed away not easy in these conditions one final effort and we're into the shelter of lamlash bay all in a day's work for the professional crew we have just come into aaron we dropped the mane in some quite hairy but holly was kind of awesome i i was there too holly i have your muscles really hurting from your heroics on the mast earlier no i've got guns of steel anyway so it's all right we spend the night at anchor celebrating the end of this part of our adventure in the morning we head to shore to tell people about our mission and why it matters and if you have any questions then feel free to ask us first we catch up with our land-based ambassadors amy and ella meek and you're almost three quarters they're here with their mum kerry to talk to some local school children about ocean plastic you both seem really passionate about the issue can you try and explain why it sort of fires you like that well what really gets me about plastic pollution is that i mean this is an issue that's literally never going away plastic stays around and planet forever and whilst our generation might not have been the ones to literally manufacture this this problem we're going to be the ones that have to fix it especially as the action that kind of needs to be taken on a global scale isn't being taken and so we're really passionate about it because we know that this problem is only going to grow and we want to make it a smaller legacy that we're going to inherit as possible that's also the mission of x expedition the organization running our trip emily penn is one of its founders we're trying to tackle this issue of ocean plastics of toxics and many of these environmental challenges and that are kind of big hard and the goal posts are always moving and we need to be really flexible and adaptable in the way we work so we can navigate these big global challenges and you know what we've been presented with here on this trip is a really great little micro version of that some new crew members have arrived for the next leg of the journey and they'll soon experience that firsthand time to head out to sea dragon and prepare to leave before the weather closes in lamlash bay in the isle of aaron and skipper diane is preparing new crew members for the next part of the journey before leaving some troll samples need to be handed over winnie corton jones is a phd student studying how microscopic pieces of plastic affect the oceans she's arrived to pick up some of what's been collected so far here we've got the samples from the manta tool so i'm going to analyze the the micro plastics and see the quantity and what types of plastic we have in that for all of the missions we'll hear more from winnie later but with samples safely delivered it's time to leave the bay the crew has been forced to change course to avoid the tail end of a hurricane that's heading towards the west coast of scotland the new route takes sea dragon out from the firth of clyde up to fort william and along the caledonian canal to inverness and edinburgh there's a bit of hard going to start with but as they reach the shelter of loch linney the crew is rewarded with some of the most spectacular views in britain it's on to fort william and the the shortcut for boats through land to the north sea sea dragon is carefully maneuvered into the first of 29 locks as the crew negotiates neptune's staircase it's a real change of pace one benefit is a steady supply of people to talk to about the course so i'm coming from microsituation the first series of gates are left behind and sea dragon is under motor there are 60 miles of canals through the great glen soon the narrow passage gives way to a series of freshwater locks with the most famous just ahead fort augustus and the first glimpse of one of scotland's most celebrated sites loch ness a chance for some science in breathtaking surroundings the mountain trawl is launched into the pt waters of the lock this bit of the journey has given the crew a chance to find out how much plastic is in some of our inland waterways in comes the net for a first look brilliant it doesn't take long for emily penn to spot something that really shouldn't be there so we found a little piece there that bright blue color really obvious this isn't the only experiment being done on board the crew are also monitoring plankton the tiny organisms at the bottom of the food chain they're in the canary in the coal mine of the oceans um and it's really important to understand them this is something that has really allowed us to gain a huge amount of very detailed on-the-ground information most phytoplankton most plankton research is done from satellites and it's very difficult to sometimes understand what's really happening in the water but to get an even better idea of what's going on under the surface the team has enlisted expert help the scottish association for marine science winnie corton jones is taking a first look at some of the troll samples this is a sample that they collected with the manta nets around belfast you can see a large number of zooplankton we've also got quite a lot of fibres this is just a tiny amount from this one sample that was collected you can see a much higher density of microplastics and indeed zooplankton as well scientists don't yet fully understand the impact of plastic entering the base of the food chain but it's still worrying it's a concern for all organisms it's easier to study those large individuals like seabirds and whales and turtles but the zooplankton and the plankton that we don't really see with our naked eyes have been found to ingest large amounts of plastic these are the foundation species of life on our planet so the fact that they're ingesting micro plastics i think is a reason for concern happy to at least get down there and we can pull the trigger one last challenge before sea dragon reaches open water looming in the distance is kesak bridge and it's going to be a tight squeeze to get under their restriction is 29 meters and we are 29 meters of airdraft and at the moment our math looks good we'll have about 0.8 to go under the bridge number crunching done and the only thing for it is some early morning yoga then comes the moment of truth the road bridge is for diane and sea dragon and they head out towards edinburgh we're currently living life at a bit of an angle walking around is very difficult we have to hold on it's a typical north sea welcome i'm on the lookout because visibility is dropped and we're in the north sea i'm with diane our skipper but the crew still manages to sample the water that's churning around them and on the approach to edinburgh make a discovery nasty nerdl oh my gosh it's hard these nerdles are in fact small pellets used to produce plastic products they're easily spilled and hard to see well you know it's we got all this seaweed and it was all wrapped up in that i put some alcohol in there just so that it's oh dear it's all right we've got it it's all useful ammunition for what's to come during the next few days in scotland's capital the aim is outreach and influence so it's time to bring our most effective persuaders the missions junior ambassadors amy and ella meek to a meeting at the scottish parliament they've been tracing our journey on land and have a compelling message to deliver we use around seven million single-use coffee cups and over 30 million plastic bottles every single day in the uk alone there's no excuse for using the amount of plastic that we do and there's definitely no excuse for not doing anything about it remember plastic's been around for less than a century and we've already made it into one of the largest environmental threats facing mankind today this is our problem a completely man-made one so it's up to us to fix it this is not how i imagined i'd be spending fringe citing trash down the road we have a chance to make a different kind of impact crew member and artist katie turnbull is creating an installation using plastic from a beach clean and litter from the edinburgh festival what is scary is just the time that these were all handled for you know this would have been three minutes to eat this sandwich that's like three minutes on the coffee five minutes for this burger 15 minutes on this bag like it's just such a short amount of time compare it to the time that it's going to last for we are now in the year 24 17 and you have time traveled 400 years into the future and we really actually are here to get your help in a lab space nearby it's getting even more creative you can see it on the screen but if you want to get a closer look in the microscope the crew is putting on an immersive show to highlight our addiction to plastic bottles plastic bottles in plastic bags have you heard of this in 2017 was this a thing it's so ridiculous it seems it we we uh we don't we don't judge the experience is designed to help us confront some uncomfortable truths about how we live our lives so have a look but can we change it is going to take time it's going to take education it's going to take so environmental justice campaigns as well because that's such a serious issue when it comes to this but you've got hope i've got to and honestly as a historian these things are secular and society has in many ways come to a horrific point in the past and we have managed to emerge and that's maybe what my optimism is founded in today plenty to think about as we prepare to leave edinburgh for our longest stretch at sea yet there's something great about having this tiny little environment that you have to manage on your own and what you've got on board is what you get to use so in a way it's quite a good practice really for what we're talking about this thought of having to use less and being careful about what you choose to use oh my god this is beautiful with all of that in mind we're london-bound heading out into the north sea and the challenges that lie ahead it's the final part of our journey to investigate the plastic hidden in our waters we're making our way out of edinburgh and the new crew members are settling in we'll be sailing through the north sea around the east coast along the thames to london after a stop in the capital we're heading back to plymouth where our journey began diana papulius the mission's lead scientist is now on board under her guidance over the next 10 days we'll do as much sampling as we can there is stuff on there can you see it yeah now maybe there is organisms maybe it's microplastics what's that fiber isn't it it looks like it didn't it big piece of polish past bass rock home to a huge colony of gannets a reminder of the other species who depend on the ocean the animals out here have no choice they're they're living in this stuff um they can't go to the supermarket and pick something else out they can't decide i'm going to eat soy instead of fish because now we think fish is contaminated belfast here and here and then cardiff legwon crew member lynn brayam has brought muscles we've been collecting to hull university here scientists use chemicals to dissolve tissue and reveal what's left over often it's microplastics to be honest i go through stages where i don't sleep very well but it's not just micro plastics i work on all types of different contaminants in the environment and when you add them all together it is quite worrying and i do worry for the next generation if you like i have a daughter and that that's what really gets to me is i wonder about what what problems are we storing up for them in the future out in the north sea we pause to take in the sunrise we're about to receive some worrying news a diver has gone missing vessels in the area have been asked to keep a lookout sort of the rules of the road of sailing that if ever you hear a distress message and you are able to help because you're in the area and you're you've got the facilities then it's pretty much the law that you need to help out anyone you can we continue with our journey searching as we go and something is spotted in the water in these circumstances any potential sighting must be followed up and it's arm up in the air position diane initiates a man overboard drill it's not what we hope to find birthday balloon there were two a second sighting this time an even larger clump of balloons miles from the shore uh it's a child's happy birthday balloon and you can see that it's a two-year-old's birthday which is lovely and i wish the child in question a very happy birthday the sad thing about this is that this balloon which is probably quite fresh it's still got a lot of its gold color on it so the child is probably still only two um the balloon in the marine environment will last a lot longer than the child this would stay in the sea breaking down into smaller and smaller but still very toxic pieces for hundreds of years sadly the search is called off and we sail on we're in the middle of our longest period at sea three days and three nights of sailing but the wind is with us and we speed down to london london vtsc dragon we are now within sight of the barrier over how cool is this isn't it cool it is pretty damn neat but the best is yet to come oh it's lifting tower bridge is being raised for sea dragon anyway after all the weeks of sailing it is a magical moment it's quickly back to reality though as sea dragon pulls over to wait for a space to dock well we do have some single-use plastic yeah how appropriate yeah so we actually pulled up next to a rubbish box yeah is that intentional i don't think so but the pile of trash is in some ways useful offering us a chance to think about the challenge of consuming less votes are very good training for living in a small world because it is you know your vote at sea is a small world and we only have one planet and we're living as if we've got three despite the sight and smell next to us commission leader sue is delighted it was a big moment wasn't it yeah huge what's made you so emotional i've been working on this for 18 months and the fact that we were able to come through tower bridge and it opened up for us it's just absolutely mind-boggling for me and i'm too [Laughter] back through the bridge and into our birth just in time for mooring up the rain's arrived welcome to london now it's the capitals turn to hear the message this time via art made from plastic collected on the banks of the thames we catch up with the meek family before the girls head back to school we've had an amazing response from the people that we've spoken to and just a really positive vibe coming from it with people really keen to take action and try and combat the issue and do you think that people have been more willing to listen well actually being kids people do think oh wait there's a kid telling me not to use plastic maybe i should listen have the girls inspired you to care more about plastics definitely yeah yeah um it's in our our mindset now it's just even if we're thirsty and the only thing that we could get the only way we could get water was to buy a plastic bottle we'd go thirsty you know whether we're that committed and we would feel like we would not we're not doing the right thing if we resort to these convenience plastics with sea dragon moored in such an iconic location it's another chance to reach as many people as we can do you think that this mission will have made a difference on these big issues i think it's really hard to say now i think it's yeah it's little changes that just sort of magnify over time i think we've definitely made a difference to the women that have sailed with us and i think they're going to become they're going to become powerful ambassadors we've seen that in the past i i don't doubt for a second that they won't have this in their consciousness for the rest of their lives early morning and the crew's ready to leave london we cast off for the last time stop rabbiting on sampling the water in the thames as we go yeah how many years will it take for these items to break down it never breaks down it's worse in deborah's sieve duckweed crunchy with microbeads as i'm really poking around in it all these colors are jumping out it's like whoa this is what we've been talking about and it's full of them and this was just a tiny sample of thames water the act of bearing witness is having a profound effect on some of the new crew members you can't unknow this you can't go back to how you were things have to change and for me it's it's a real tipping point in what i need to do going forward it's it's really brought home that yes it's a problem people talk about it people it's growing awareness but actually we have to do something really quickly but problem solving has to wait our lucky run with the weather ends and the last phase of the journey is a tough one when it all stops we are rewarded a reminder if we needed it that the ocean is a special place the harbour beckons sea dragon has come full circle the sea is what connects us and and the ocean is what holds us together and we tend to think of the ocean as a divider when it's a united and for me that's been a really strong reminder of that for now though it's time to say goodbye i've been inspired by these women and their desire to rise to this vast complex challenge and because of this experience many of us are going home with a new understanding of what's at stake we've had a truly unforgettable journey around our beautiful islands and ultimately one full of hope that making a difference protecting these precious waters turning the plastic tide is within our reach you

  Top Comments:
  1. @rangga-xe3gc [2 likes]: One of them is my old school teacher! 




If u dont care well have a great day
  2. @Dunning.Kruger [1 likes]: Lamprey
  3. @Dunning.Kruger [1 likes]: They used lots of plastic in the video.
  4. @emeraldgate1994 [1 likes]: A 45 minute film in Britain and not ONE cup of tea. I can't believe my eyes. What has happened to the UK? I've got to go make myself a double.
  5. @bwghall1: Go back to glass. and hessian bags. take your own bowl for loose things etc.  Retailers are killing planet Earth. just to get a day or two self life. Today 06/10/2024 on BBC TV Simon Reeve showed us all how the Med was trashed and killing wildlife soon there will be no Fish. Turtles, sea birds. Bring your own containers before it`s too late.
  6. @Lilyflowers659: Planet or plastic.
  7. @andrewvillanueva3722: Nobody cares about the environment and oceans. 3 world countries like India and Asia countries are biggest polluters. India constantly throws garbage and chemicals into the rivers leading into the oceans. They are one biggest polluters in the world.
  8. @burningbeard9478: Plastic bottles don't throw themselves out....STOP LITTERING
  9. @michelstylianou8625: Great
  10. @rodibremo: Your expedition and your engagement made a great difference: bravo...
  11. @thebestthebest1565: good comment

- World’s Toughest Boat Trips | Peru | Free Documentary: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] I'm in Peru traveling down one of the most remote stretches of the Amazon my destination is the historic city of aidos which grew incredibly Rich a century ago during the Amazon's rubber boom today it's the biggest city in the world that you can't drive to Mar rued in the middle of the Jungle getting there isn't easy but it's definitely going to be a great adventure my journey starts from Yuri maguas at the end of Peru Road Network traveling down river for days through the jungle I finally arrive in the remote city of aitos before returning up River to the spectacular pakaya Samir National Reserve to search for rare Wildlife situated on the edge of the Amazon rainforest Ur maguis is a busy Frontier Town with a population of around 50,000 people there's plenty of noise noisy traffic here but happily I won't be seeing any more of that for a while graas okay in terms of getting to aidos this is the end of the road it's boats from here on out 250 Mi down river if all goes well it should take about 2 days the boats from here to aidos don't usually depart according to a regular schedule they just leave when they're fully loaded with passengers and cargo which makes planning a trip in advance tough although I've been given a useful tip okay you could hang around here for days waiting for a boat to leave but not if you're smart you get on the vegetable boat that's the one I'm going for all right this says it's leaving at 5:30 which I believe because look at this all eggs these are never going to last on Deck because let me tell you it is hot here it's about 98° 98% humidity we're going to move fast oh okay hi um uh do we leave what time does the boat leave for sure yeah okay um how much for the trip to aitos okay can I see the cabin see okay all right two options sleep on the deck in a hammock or get your own cabin I'm going to check that out all right okay cabin number nine looking good little this is a metal box it's very very hot in here any possibility I could have the whole place just for me see yes see but I have to buy both beds 150 per bed 300 total so about 100 bucks okay good take it lock up and pay the captain right all right even though it's great to be safe and to be able to lock my stuff up my oven likee cabin might be too hot to sleep in so I want to get a hammock as well they do look comfortable and since I've got some time to kill before the boat leaves in a few hours I head to the Town Market to buy myself one hello when is this um I need a a hamaka okay yeah air conditioned version 30 okay I like this one yeah 50 that's a little okay yeah deal as well as a hammock I need to buy a few other bits and pieces three meals a day are included in my boat Fair hopefully not including some of the food that seems to be popular here in the market oh but I do need to buy my own things to eat and drink with on the boat right this boat trip is sort of a DIY experience I got to bring my own utensils hi could I buy some um PL good okay all right my own cup not sure what they're serving on board but I'm prepared okay that's it there you go H hi hi hello is the boat leaving soon yes it is yeah tomorrow yes but I thought it was leaving at 530 no so much for my vegetable Theory so what do you do just hang out yes have hammock I have a hammock but I don't really know how to hang it my problem can you help me okay yes all right oh okay all right just tie it in a KN yeah all right oh better oh it's a little high a a little high I have to take a running leap into it stretch it's good yeah it's good all right okay see yeah it's cool so much for the vegetable boat always leaving punctually hour after hour well into the night more and more vegetables are loaded on board for the sake of the people in aito he'll be eating them let's hope they stay fresh despite the delay oh well well it's dark and hot my bag's still here so that's good but I think I'm going to head back to the deck all right this is it it is definitely cooler out here but lights are on kids are playing the vegetables are still being loaded I'm not feeling totally optimistic about a good night's sleep but it's better than the hot box we'll give it a try I only wish I brought some earplugs it's it's been an interesting night my takeaway from the night is there's a particular skill set to sleeping on a hammock on a boat deck in the Amazon I haven't quite acquired that skill set yet but we got through it and um here we go hopefully today sometime like to get moving the boat should have left well over 12 hours ago but at least prospects seem good for an imminent departure from from the look of it no more vegetables are being loaded on board uh pu yeah it's all loaded okay W look at this four to ceiling wall toall vegetables mangos carrots melons lettuce now I can see why it took so long to load this boat but nothing else can fit in here so I think that means we're going to take off soon one thing's for sure though with all this food on board we're certainly not going to starve if this boat happens to break down on our long journey down river through the remote jungle finally the boat really is ready to leave all right the moment of truth they're pulling back the little gang plank there we go finally taken off say goodbye to land two 2 and 1/2 days we'll make it to the city of aitos all goes well out of the more than 200 people making the trip to aidos aboard our boat there are a handful of foreign Travelers but the vast majority of passengers are local peruvians at just $25 in a hammock for the 2 and 1/2 day Journey it's a cheap way to travel especially when you consider that three meals a day are included in the price the captain jumped in his little boat went out to a village came back with that the biggest catfish I've ever seen and now the chef's preparing it it'll serve dozens maybe a maybe a hundred people for dinner very nice not all of the um Critters on this vessel are for eating these are pets they seem hungry cuz they're trying to eat my fingers very sweet huh there you go outside on Deck The View remains unchanging hour after hour making it easy to forget that we're making any progress at all and forward progress really is slow due to the extremely flat landscape the river meanders in big Loops back and forth through the Amazon jungle initially we're actually traveling down tributaries of the main Amazon River to start with we're traveling down the waga River before joining a bigger tributary the Maron finally for the last part of our journey will'll be on the Amazon itself although it's to 50 m in a straight line from Yuri maguis to aitos the distance we actually traveling is more like 500 Miles due to all the river's twists and turns the waga River we're on today although wide isn't nearly as easy to navigate as it looks its Meandering route creates frequent shifts of the main navigable Channel and in some places it's very shallow with treacherous sandbanks as a fellow passenger explains to me now what are they doing out there up there they are measuring the depth of the river because it's quite low there that's why they using the longest stick to be checking the deepest part where this uh I mean ship can be navigating down river this is a heavily Laden boat right now so if we go over a shallow we just basically run a ground yes sometime sometime not often but sometime when this I mean kind of boats can stuck in the Sand Bar it can stay depending for one month or a month yes yes or two months until the water can start coming up that's a new season isn't it a new season yes that's not an option what's our second option the second option it is we can take a lot of these you know caros out and so the ship can float up and move the other way how typically we do here is wait for other ferry boat that can be coming up or going down river that they can help us to pull the boat to the deepest part so this really happens sometimes yeah this really happens sometimes we have to be prepared for surprises and Adventure on the Amazon exactly okay yes all right just be prepared okay I'm trying really hard not to swing but I keep banging into my neighbors here nobody seems to mind though we's see how it goes although most of the cargo and most passengers on our boat are staying on board to aitos the boat does make quite a few stops at villages on route for a few people to get on and off and for small amounts of cargo to be off loed or brought on the villagers also take the opportunity to sell us some of their Delicacies what do you have there ooh can I have one on Soul mhm okay all right we've got some grubs from a village girl she brought them on board breakfast they're from palm trees and they're sort of big fat formerly squiggly grubs that have been cooked in palm oil I might not have another but it's good to try one it's only a short stop but while we wait on board for cargo to be loaded or offloaded in this case plantains coming on and rice being taken off we've got time to spot some of the Amazon's unique Wildlife river dolphins there's a huge one right there we've stopped oh see those Dolphins we've stopped at a Confluence of rivers and there's slower moving water so that's why the Dolphins hang out here because there's fish oh look at them see them surfacing right there it's so strange that there's dolphins in a river isn't it wa here in the Peruvian Amazon there are two different species of dolphins most of the river dolphins here are the more commonly seen gray ones but we also get a couple of tantalizing glimpses of the unique and rarely seen pink river dolphin which is found only here in the Amazon oh there's a pink one pink out of nowhere a pink one right there as we travel down river most of the time we're surrounded by jungle but throughout the day we continue to pass a number of remote villages usually We Carry On by only stopping at the larger Villages where there's enough cargo to be taken on and off our boat so as to make stopping worthwhile this boat is actually flagging us down Mid River telling us they want to come on board the thing is with the smaller Villages they have to board while we're moving we don't stop for them they've got empty barrels and they want to put them on board send them to a ketos where they'll get filled with fuel or sugar cane rum or something and eventually they'll come back to this local Village all right that was a tricky Landing it's a real art form to come on board do this exchange all without stopping we are moving moving moving the languid pace of our boat the endless unchanging View and the heavy humid heat makes me and seemingly most other passengers on the boat really doy I sleep through the heat of the day for hours and wake up only just in time for dinner where dinner is okay what's for dinner we've got some rice there's a lone fried egg I think that might be mine I'm a little bit late for dinner looks like the chicken soup is all gone this man has to cook for 300 people sometimes in the small kitchen so this is impressive very nice gracias thank can't believe this spot isn't taken you can have dinner anywhere you want on this boat but this is the place for me having slept through much of the day I'm now wide awake and looking for some evening entertainment first things don't look promising but then I'm in luck yeah you want to show me okay at the back of the boat hidden behind some vegetable boxes I find the captain and crew playing poker a little Blackjack yeah one okay all right all right who's all right this is not how they do it in Vegas people cut the deck Captain cut the deck all right am I dealing this version of the game seems to be played one against one without face cards and from what I understand the rules are that you win if your cards add up closest to the maximum 21 okay four all right you know I didn't expect you guys to be so easy any up everybody I'm feeling lucky this is great you guys he's playing I'll match your five and I will raise you I think he's fluffing okay [Applause] 14 read it we read it we okay's go say I always sleep better with a little fresh cash in my pocket sleep like a baby tonight first thing on what should be our final morning of the journey we wake up to something that I hadn't expected at all dense fog we must go in slowly otherwise maybe can crash with s bank you know so that's the reason we just leave the goat move by the current that's experience of the the boat driver yeah so we already left a day late and now this fog it probably means significant delays couple hours at least yeah or more maybe the way continue it could be another another day another day this is like the the definition of you have to go with the flow right yes it's a whole philosophy around this trip we've come into Shore again they're not comfortable being in the middle of the river because if you go in the middle is so fogy so you can be lost sometimes lost yeah lost not lost I mean can't you just go down river sometimes when you are not looking the bank you cannot see the direction yeah so I maybe you think that is maybe on the left you can go on the left but sometimes doing a circle maybe you can be going Upstream again this is getting more complicated so it's better we just stay close to shore close Shore not so faster so slowly no drama no no drama yeah okay we stay be calmed in the fog for a couple of hours or so but then the heat of the day gradually kicks in and the sun burns it off luckily we haven't been delayed too long and should still be able to reach a kidos tonight before we get there however our long journey down river has finally reached a pivotal moment and this river that we are living behind that is the mara river that river that you can see that is the ukali river we are exactly here in the Confluence of the two river that forms the mighty Amazon so this is it this is the spot this is where it begins officially yes uhhuh how far to the Atlantic about 2,000 Mi to the Atlantic Ocean unbelievable it's a huge amount of water I read somewhere that if you added up the next eight biggest rivers in the world all of the water in those Rivers it wouldn't equal the amount of water in the Amazon yes it's not make that it's astonishing the main reason for the extraordinary amount of water in the Amazon is of course rain the rainy season has just begun here the storm behind me may or may not catch up with us but if it does look out because when it rains here it pours as it turns out we escape the rain for now with just a few hours to go before we get to aitos I used the time to get up to speed with the city's remarkable history just over a century ago when it was at the center of the Amazon's rubber boom it's an amazing story a few rubber Barons it seems became incredibly Rich selling natural rubber to the world as the best quality rubber could only be obtained from trees growing in the Amazon the Region's rubber came to be worth a fortune once bicycles motorcycles and cars were invented all running on millions of rubber tires how ironic that today aitos is the biggest city in the world that you can't even drive to after so much time on the river I'm excited to almost be in a kidos another hour or so and we'll be docking and I want to figure out more about the rubber boom history here because after all that's why such a huge City exists in the middle of the jungle finally we see the lights of aitos in the distance remarkably despite being so isolated in the jungle hundreds of miles from the nearest connecting Road the great City we're about to arrive in has a population of around half a million people we are sliding right in threading the needle into this port these guys really know what they're doing landfall the ketos after quietly floating through the remote Amazon jungle for the past 3 days it's an astonishing contrast to be on the streets of aitos surrounded by crowded rock as nightlife yes10 me this sound of that rain it is pouring out but that I expect I am in the middle of the rain forest but what I didn't expect was what my hotel looks like I mean check this out this is rubber boom era money at its finest he's got these huge High ceilings and chandeliers and the tiling down here is gorgeous it's inside and outside and it was all imported from Europe at Great expense way back then but the real kicker is right here this bed as much as I loved my hamic on board was pretty happy to see this last night with its population of around 500,000 aitos today is bigger than ever but its Heyday was undoubtedly during the rubber boom in the late 19th and early 20th centuries back in the old days when all the world's Motor Vehicles so badly needed the Amazon's natural rubber the kitos grew hugely wealthy from the rubber trade and today all the grandest and most beautiful buildings in aitos date back to that time I'm given a tour of the city's extraordinary rubber boom history by a local American expat Scott humfeld this is one of the more ornate buildings in aitos it's the colon company they were exporters and importers they exported Rubber and imported other things from Europe the building was made with tiles imported from Portugal and Italy yeah very intricate you know the intricate steel work uhhuh and now it's a grocery store it's a grocery store huh and a good one one of the better designed grocery store yeah An Elegant grocery store nearby on the main square is the city's most unusual rubber boom building the so-called iron housee said to have been designed by Gustav eiel in Paris it was assembled here in 1890 after being shipped piece by piece from Europe so you can see how this is indeed iron oh yeah and it's no longer a rubber Warehouse which the bottom was it's a pharmacy where they do sell rubbers but rubber had an incredible amount of uses from waterproofing to tires to gaskets and help allow the the Industrial Revolution to really take off so it's an incredible valuable product and at the beginning it was all here ESS all here yeah so that's why this whole region went yeah it was a huge boom a few people made a lot of money the rubber Barons would send their laundry back to Europe to be laundered because the river water is considered dirty here they would bring over canned foods from Europe because they weren't used to the fish and the other products that are eaten by the local people so they kept sort of their own version of Europe here rather than adapting to the local conditions maybe not all wise decisions I mean an iron house in this climate cool Hardy very hot the most famous of all the rubber Barons in aitos was Carlos Fitz caral who was the inspiration for the 1980s movie Fitz coraldo one of the interesting things about Fitz caral was he was looking for an area to tap rubber that hadn't been exploited beforehand and he knew of an area but it wasn't accessible by river that he knew of so what he did was he hauled his ship over a mountain in the movie they drag the entire ship over the mountain in real life he took the ship apart he enlisted a large number of indigenous people and by enlisted I mean he had rifles and threatened them with death and a number of people died in doing that but he was able to get the ship in pieces over the mountain and then from there he found a river route to bring the rubber down to a ketos where it was shipped out to Europe and the United States success I don't think the indigenous people would see it that way but for Fitz Carl it was and he made a fortune Carlos Fitzgerald was very wealthy but the richest rubber Baron in kitos was probably Julio Arana whose Anglo Peruvian Amazon rubber company was listed on the London Stock Exchange here we have ARA's Bank MH it's now the Amazon pastro which is a a French Belgian restaurant that was unusual right that one of the rubber Barons had his own bank I mean they didn't all have their own bank no I believe he's the only one that did have his own bank uh and he had it centrally located here on the waterfront area cuz this was where the rubber ships came in carrying the rubber from the outlying areas where it was collected putting it on the bigger ships to ship back to Europe into the United States this was a very busy area with boats coming and going all the time can this all be water we're still we're just at the beginning of the rainy season so the river is still low right now so water comes all the way up here water comes all the way up to the bottom of this wall today more than a 100 years after the rubber boom only a handful of the hundreds of Steamboats that once hauled rubber along the Amazon to and from aitos still survive thankfully Dr Richard bodmer an aidos space conservationist has helped preserve some of the last remaining steamboats he's turned one into a historic boats Museum this is a aapor uhhuh iur was built in uh Hamburg Germany in 1906 uhhuh what happened in the rubber boom is that the rubber Barons had so much money every time this boat would go out for one month collecting rubber it would come back with about $2 million in today's value in its Hull 2 million my gosh and so that's how lucrative it was so they were able to buy the top-of-the-line boats the best boats built none of this could have happened without the steamboat correct that's right none of this because the currents of the river are so strong that you couldn't go up River without the steamboats and when they first came in the 1850s everything changed here right and for the first time you can have commercial activities in Amazon the steamboats built EOS given the time of year we have to clamber down to where the aapa is beached in the mud but with the rainy season begun and the Amazon just starting its annual rise of more than 30 ft it won't be long before the area floods and the iura floats again this the whole Helm of the iur with many of its original features uhhuh over here we have a whole steam horn every time the I pool would come back to Port it would let everybody know that it's full of rubber and so they blow the horn please if you'd like to blow the horn give it a go here give it a go that's nice that's a nice sound sound of rubber money huh that's a rubber money so here's a little exhibit on the aapor you can see how they're loading up rubber onto the aore those are the rubber balls that's right they would weigh about 50 kg each and you'd put them in the hole of the boat because that's where you want the weight it's much uh fancier than I expected you know it's a working boat right I expected it to be a little bit more I don't know auster or something yeah it has been restored a little bit and this would have been the area actually where they would have kept the wood for the boiler that's why in the Amazon you find that towns are very evenly spaced those towns are evenly spaced because that was a collection point for the timber like getting their gas tanks refilled that's right so this whole room would have been filled with timber in order to make it to the next Point can't run out that's right if you run out that's uh what you call running out of steam yeah there you have it lots of working boats fed rubber to aitos in the world Beyond but the really hard work was done by The tappers Who collected the rubber out in the jungle here we can also see the different utensils used by the rubber tappers for example how they cut the trees here we have a few small rubber balls mhm given that the Amazon's indigenous tribes knew the forest better than anyone many were recruited as rubber tappers there was cases and especially on the pamaya River where atrocities were discovered against the indigenous people and it was on the putam Mayo where you had the rubber Baron around oh yes I've heard about him and there was a Canadian traveler hardenberg who went down the puto he discovered the employees of AR were mistreated indigenous people there you can see he's a photograph of indigenous people in shackles one they enslaved them and he reported whippings and actually burning people alive and killing people did it change anything peruvians investigated and the British investigated because the company was registered on the British stock Market ah when they investigated they had a court case in London the result of the court case was Julio Rano was found guilty but he was only find penny Justice not served then I'm interested to hear the native people's side of the story early the next morning I meet up again with Scott who's taking me on a short boat trip from makitos to the nearby Bora Indian village of San Andre from makitos we head up River along the river Mamon a tiny tributary of the Amazon just half an hour or so after leaving a ketos we arrive at San Andres here's a small set of drums so we can announce to the village that we are arriving it's the polite way to do it we're here they know we're here as it turns out we're not the only visitors today benefiting from the proximity of aitos the bora make a decent living putting on dance shows for tourists who like us come to visit them from the big city much enjoy the dancing very much hello much H hly H this is the the chief of the tribe Raphael rapael this is his son Walter Walter Raphael I'm interested in the rubber boom history I'm wondering if you could talk to me about that is there um any uh personal stories from um Rafael's great-grandfather or something that he might know for this was AR's man who did this and are there any rubber trees around here can I look at one what is rubber tree in the local language for hard to believe this is what it was all about all the blood liting was about this quiet white liquid that's dripping over here Liquid Gold it really is shocking to think how badly the indigenous people were abused during the short 30-year span of the rubber boom many thousands suffered and died today the beautiful old buildings of aitos are the rubber Baron's most obvious Legacy but for the all too many workers who were enslaved and abused to make the rubber Barons Rich the collapse of the rubber boom couldn't come soon enough the rubber boom ended in 1912 but the beginning of the end was some 35 years earlier when the British smuggled 70,000 rubber tree seeds out of the region they took them to Malaysia and started plantations now compared to here where trees were scattered all over the forest plantations were easy to manage and had a much bigger yield so it took a few few decades for those trees to mature but when they did the market here evaporated prices plummeted by 90% And the Amazonian rubber boom was over buildings like the one behind me never built again it's now time for me to move on from makitos for the last part of my Amazon River Adventure I've joined up again with conservationists and historic boat Enthusiast Dr Richard bodmer for an exp I deep into the remote heart of the Jungle where he's helping to conserve the Region's spectacular Wildlife from makitos we're heading a 100 miles or so back up River to the vast pakaya samiria National Reserve where we're joining Richard's research team on the Samia River at the mouth of the Samia River Richard's historic research vessel the clavo is waiting for us hola just hop off huh get on the cloud H nice to meet you these are my quarters I love all this wallpaper all right heading deep into the national Reserve built in France for the Peruvian Navy back in 1876 the clavo is incredibly historic originally used to explore and defend the country's Amazonian Frontier during the rubber boom today it's said to be the oldest boat still navigating the Amazon as the largest protected area of seasonally flooded Forest anywhere in the Amazon the pakaya samiria National Reserve is a vital refuge for many animal species that depend on this unique habitat around 50,000 indigenous people also live in the reserve allowed to hunt and fish on their traditional lands in return for helping co-manage and preserve the wildlife one such co-management project Richard is helping with is the conservation of the reserve's turtle population we'll check in with the park guard here uhhuh and arrange things for the release of the baby turtles have recently hunched from the artificial Beach that they have here from the Guard Station we collect nearly a thousand baby turtles that are now old enough to be released into the wild to take them up River to the designated release spot we're using the Cavo small launch so this is a good place to release the turtles okay so we can start yeah how do we do it might be easier to lift a whole bucket off okay should we do that we have a lot of turtles to release Here look at that oh they're excited so you go ahead and grab a turtle mhm and put in the water and it swims away there's over 900 of them yes big job 900 and 76 I think 976 they aren't hunted as adults are they in the past they were but now for the people to get involved with the turtle program they can no longer hunt the adults and they can no longer take the eggs if the local people are taking care of the environment are taking care of the endangered species on the forest then they're allowed to sell some of these baby turtles in the pet market and that gives them an economic incentive to do all that conservation it's been very successful for the local people and particularly successful for these River Turtles oh okay so in 8 years time these Turtles are going to start to reproduce and then you're going to have larger numbers here it's nice to have a good news environmental Story coming out of the Amazon I mean this is 976 little bits of potential swimming off into their future that's right each one baptized by Holly yeah it's the last morning of my trip through the Peruvian Amazon and I wake up to a spectacular site Swimming All Around the boat are lots of the rare and unique pink dolphins which I only got tantalizing glimpses of earlier in my trip the full jungle experience has really come to life you could hear the Dolphins rising and blowing and the birds are just everywhere it's truly amazing it's time to leave the Cavo behind to start my long return journey home but Richard says we've got one last chance to see some more pink dolphins back at the mouth of the Samia River there's often a lot of fish at the Confluence so it's a favorite place for the Dolphins to feed as it turns out we're really in luck oh there's another two oh yeah look at that oh my gosh they're beautiful oh look at that strange Behavior you see that tail how it's moving that's very rare very rare that's dolphin's maid and we only really see it at the mouth Feld during this season and you can see how they're just moving around the Tails coming up and they're rolling their bodies over there that's really interesting really rare to see what an unbelievable way to end my trip mating pink dolphins now there's something I wasn't expecting to see my journey down the Amazon has been kind of Epic first making it all the way to aitos then experiencing the jungle and all its crazy biodiversity and majesty and I've loved exploring the human drama last Century's rubber boom and in today's interface of people in the environment the Amazon is truly a unique place and I feel lucky to have gotten even a glimpse of it

  Top Comments:
  1. @FreeDocumentary [130 likes]: The beginning of a journey:  250 miles and 3 days journey through dense rainforest, Holly Morris travels by cargo boat down one of the remotest stretches of the Amazon, in Peru. Sleeping in a hammock at night, she shares deck space with over 200 local Peruvians, and countless boxes of vegetables and fruit, heading to the largest city in the Peruvian Amazon, Iquitos.

The journey goes on.
  2. @PagalanstarPagalanstar [1 likes]: ❤🎉 amazing
  3. @zakiahmiles3432 [1 likes]: ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤greatest glory WÖMEN power
  4. @lietjiemin667 [1 likes]: ❤❤❤❤❤😮😮😮😮😮🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
  5. @nonyayet1379: arrogant, self serving agent of the devil.   a wolf in sheeps clothing.

when in rome, do as the romans do.
  6. @ItsAfUnNyWorld-1767: RUBBER IS AN ASIAN  PLANT. BROUGHT TO SOUTH AMERICA. HENRY FORD of the FORD Empire. Built a factory. For rubber. But since then rubber plantations have adapted.  RUBBER TREES are no part of South American Biota. There from Sumatra southern India. Ok. Miss get your facts straightn
  7. @ItsAfUnNyWorld-1767: I read about Youths that row really hard in canoes. Catch up with hooks. To attach to these boats. There’s TEEN PROSTITUTION. ETC. they get on board at night. Shoot people rob them. Some times there caught and A 15 yr old boy who shot a 2nd mate. Was roped and dragged into the engines. Over and over until the rope was cut.    It’s THE WILD WILD WEST. OUT THERE. NO JOKE
  8. @ItsAfUnNyWorld-1767: lol. She don’t understand.  21. Banker wins if banker gets. 21. Or equivalent to hands.  Great gambling game. But I bet mention. 5 card or more Trick.   Beats the banker.   Really there. There should be 4 decks. In the pile. To stop counting;   Listen these guys on the boat have probably Chucked a few cheats or fools into that river. Lol.   For Cayman food.  lol.  Peru etc is still the wild frontier. American cowboy bullshite was all about. Mississippi River boat gambling got nothing on these old guys.
  9. @step69step69: she's so cool
  10. @HeatherMerrell: That was sweet and very respectful. TY
  11. @kolo-zx3bx: you buy accommodation for 3 but haggle down a local for the mamock
  12. @tommybunk2292: I can see why she travels by herself
  13. @onenamlit3861: Super interesting, with the baby turtle release followed by the pink dolphin sighting being particularly heartwarming!  Just don't make the mistake I did of looking up what these carnivorous pink dolphins like to eat 😱🐬🐢
  14. @andriesscheper2022: No. Dolphins aren't fish! 😮
  15. @rondjerijder1: What an exaggerated and self-important woman she is.
I had never heard of this thing before, so I looked her up and found exactly what I thought: American.
  16. @danjohnson887: This woman is as prepared to travel as a 3 legged poodle... Never wonder why tourons simply disappear...
  17. @brianshields7137: You are lucky your not hearing in the opposite direction as with river current it would take double the time
  18. @schlaznger8049: i have never seen a lady that looks 20 and 50 at the same time.
  19. @suzannaplinke7784: Not my idea of a good time…..at all… but I enjoyed watching your journey.
  20. @MwinPersonalvip: very nice video enjoyed the journey very

- Surviving The Middle: Ocean Racers Adventure Documentary Film: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hey my name is Morgan I'm here with ocean racers on Hermes and we're in wonderful malta for the start of the Rolex middle C race [Applause] the crew arrived a few days ago everyone's been getting to know one another it's been great and tours restart so we should be good so that here is what you're like first time for the middle C Rolex race feel excited I feel happy yeah that's how I feel still ready to go it's this big unknown adventure that I am really attracted to there's no quitting you're not going home at night you're you're out there and you're only relying on you and you're your crew and that's what I got really attracted to specifically with offshore sailing unknown it's pushing boundaries it's getting into this area of you mentally and physically with a team by yourself whatever it is where you're pushing your own personal boundaries to me Adventure is off the beaten path there's just something about being on the ocean and yeah having to play with Mother Nature that's the passion it gives me that's the feeling it gives me it gives me the feeling of just excitement adventure I'm looking into the unknown and just having fun I'm gonna blast and lighting a boat do it it wants to do I'm just playing being a kid all the time sailing is not just a hobby but it's a passion and it's my way of earning my my living and that's my also away I spend my weekend we're in the Grand Harbour of Malta the battlements up there's where race committee is and that's where the cannons will be firing from to start us off on this great adventure sailing to me is second nature you know it's when I'm on the boat it's where I feel most at home most comfortable I just feel pure happiness you know it's the truest form of it you dive into something that you love to do don't have any expectations and you just do it for what it is I've always been into sailing because of where I grew up but when I met Stuart 12 years ago my husband now we really started sailing together a lot and racing together and then marine business together and been sailing ever since minute 15 so I just want to start the rave already on what you first on the Stars well we got Slee there and we got out with everybody else so I would attend a buddy so I a little way how do we deal with the environment we take what we're given you know we have no control that's kind of the biggest thing I have access to satellite systems on the boat so we download weather every three to six hours and but they're not all really accurate the forecast so at the end of the day it's whatever's thrown at us this is our navigation program so you know wind direction speed we're able to see where the other boats are and what kind of speed they're doing what their heading is so then we can make a guess as to whether there's wind over there or not when it gets really really light the wind is really localized the effects so you try to use all the information you can so we're going to use this program to see basically gives us a live position report speed and heading of where the other boats are like we've got a boat over here doing six knots and we've got another boat out here only doing three knots races are won and lost in the light air because it takes a lot of focus it's a big mental game first is heavier sailing is a lot simpler obviously other issues was family and heavy breeze you know more safety issues but tactically heavy air salah teachers honestly like no wind is just extremely frustrating because there's like nothing you can really do about it and you're in a race so you want to go as fast as possible tonight is speaking of burrito bowl things it's gonna look really good you could say it's really good the crew is gonna love it I did a lot of pre cooking actually I made this before we left we're in the head and in the man you get these really basic electricity storms that come ripping through and sometimes they have all the weight and sometimes they have none of the wind so it makes them really hard to prep for so we start coming you can hear it you can see it we had huge lightning storms like I've never seen anywhere else it was it's an endless firework show I've never sailed in thunder lightning like that before I've never sailed in a squall before where you know you go from having 30 knots from one direction to zero to 25 from another in two or three minutes and I remember looking at our computer with has this program on at once and boats are going in all different directions again you're just trying to survive walls especially which don't come on forecasts they'll come out of nowhere you just have to trust the bode and trust yourself and on a race it's really difficult because you want to go fast fast fast fast fast as possible so you don't want to reduce sail area and go slow and be conservative you know it's kind of that fine balance and that's what racing is all about to you know push to that limit and beyond because you know your competitors are gonna be doing the same thing the human element of sailing for sure that's very difficult but with a crew you know everybody needs to get along and you're in this really stressful and stressful environment where your lack of sleep mental physical exhaustion you're hungry you're dehydrated you're uncomfortable you're wondering why you're out here you have to realize that people are tired and they're gonna be stressed and strained and pushed beyond I have an expression when I go racing which is there's no feelings and sailboat racing like yellow you might say something in an effort to try and get things done but you know you can't take it too personally everybody's just everybody's working towards the same goal you have different currents going different ways you have big boats against little boat so playing these boats to their strengths you know it's it's difficult but that's what makes big boat racing fun and this type of racing really fun last night it was a little crazy at 30 knots downwind and then 30 knots of wind and then no wind both watches switched on and off feet on deck I couldn't say that we could switch off being on sleep we packed a lot of Spinnaker's we ripped Mustang in half again but it wasn't like really our fall it was the repair that was done which you see capitated on the transatlantic so the first time something happened to her I screamed and cried the second time on the race because I just fixed it I also screamed and cried for this time although just like oh well the night after the squall waking up for my walks we were passing the volcanoes and seeing the cliffs sides you know the islands that we passed it was just gorgeous all-around beautiful and that's what the race is also known for is to be a gorgeous race but seeing the volcano seeing the cliffs science it's just spectacular I think the positive attitude and just like kind of accepting everybody's different personalities is super important you know if you don't accept someone's personality or someone's opinion then you know you get in trouble on a small boat been gone so how you manage it I think it takes someone to be open-minded and accepting I don't know if you can manage it rather than just moving on with it and just accepting it taking it for what it is and just realizing that we're all different this how you get prepared for the next emergency you can sleep but everything else no just don't piss in your gear all right food does get smaller as you know time goes on with more people on board so it's all about kind of managing you know what works for you and what doesn't and know when you have those moments that trigger that you need to take care of yourself but always you know you always have the team in mind so you have to always work with the team during the day you're on four on four off at night you're on three on three off but even though you're off for four hours technically sleeping you're probably sleeping ten minutes and your eyes are resting the rest and you're just laying down your bunk recovering sleep is one of the things that is can sometimes be the most difficult on boat but the most critical if you don't get the sleep that you need you know I myself can get really short-fused or not think clearly enough not react clearly enough and then your body starts to physically you know like react to that lack of recharge I didn't sleep badging sleep on the boat was there was no sleep I don't think I've ever been so tired in my life it was uncomfortable as wet we had several all hands on deck which was just like you'd be sleeping and then you would hear something and you'd wake up and jump on deck so there's there was no sleep coming in sleeping is like a job on a boat in this kind of race because you know everybody needs to do their their bit and if you're not rested you become stopped becoming an asset you start becoming a liability our last night watch at the middle C race they're all a little on edge we are all tired cold wet mostly drained physically drained the wind is blowing the boat was a little overpowered full-time no trying to figure out what we should do to control the boat we also had this to the face that was all mostly close to us kind of bearing down on us leave those holding about a clump oh yeah right guys all it takes is one wave or one freak changing or the wind to change direction and the you know you could lose a crewmember even though you're clift in it doesn't mean that's gonna save you from falling off but the second half was conditions that Morgan and I didn't feel were safe for the other crewmembers to drive so there was an over 24-hour period where only Morgan and I were able to drive the boat so that's and that's a lot of driving and I got extremely exhausted oh my god motor one on one all allow waves to break on you okay from the stern and that just happened middle see race smack the Med she's interesting she can throw you strong currents and he's light air at night big squalls that you see in the distance you don't think I'm gonna come to you then all of a sudden it kind of looks at you tracks on you and has like a laser being focused and heads right to you too confined space that's on an open ocean so the waves you can get there you know you can get some big waves that are close together kind of inconsistent I remember what the Sun came up that day and felt the warmth of it it was a very very welcoming sight we feel like knowing that our last night watch was done and we can enjoy the rest of the sail back to Violetta last night was crazy but we made it and we didn't give up and we're going to mock them harnessing this race was finding a groove because that was so it changed so much all the time you know there was no one being a really hard deal with it was just that you were dealing with something new as soon as you'd finished dealing with the last thing sometimes you weren't even finished dealing with the last thing and you were dealing with something new ocean racing is 24/7 racing you know you get a couple hours of sleep if it turns it's crazy condition and you don't get to go back to port at night you have a destination and basically you can't finish till you get there it's real perseverance I guess to be out there for everybody you just kind of got to keep pushing through and working through one challenge at a time no tests mentally physically and non-stop it's like an expedition it's like mountaineering or you know you're out you're dealing with nature and you're dealing with whatever is kind of thrown at you everybody take a breath well is it interesting race definitely definitely one for the books that'll be remember as a team we came together we push through we persevered and you know we had a blast but it was one of the most challenging experiences for myself and I'm really proud of what I was able to accomplish individually and more so what the team was able to accomplish together I learned a lot of about ocean racing and kind of you know what I like and what I want to continue doing and I learned a lot about myself we didn't know each other very well and didn't know the boat so there was definitely some scary moment but we we worked through it as a team and we survived you'll see rice was definitely an adventure there's no two ways about a fast it's a big little race it's a big little race

  Top Comments:
  1. @aro546 [7 likes]: One damn professional movie.
  2. @davincifpv3983 [4 likes]: Great video!! Thanks a lot for making such a detailed one guys. Can't wait for your next adventure
  3. @katiealley727 [3 likes]: Thank you for sharing!! Very well done movie
  4. @rogerharris3951 [2 likes]: National ensign ("Canadian flag") should not be flown while racing.
  5. @zeebo6859 [2 likes]: Go Canada from  Delos tribe!
  6. @dougrutherford9261 [2 likes]: This movie kept me on the edge of my chair. Extremely well presented. Congratulations on finishing and surviving just like your Mustang gear.
  7. @gepgeps [1 likes]: Amazing boat, amazing team! Congratulations loved your video (film?!?) it was like sailing with you! Great job! Happy you liked my seas!
  8. @thesiluresscribe567 [1 likes]: Congrats on making it through.  An awesome effort x
  9. @LIamaLlamo50o0 [1 likes]: Awesome film guys! Isn’t Malta the best?
  10. @davidjames1692 [1 likes]: I'm thinking the sponsor might be a little happier if everyone was wearing their lifejackets on deck.
  11. @mikeashexperience9602 [1 likes]: Dope Video! Sending blessing your way, Keep inspiring!🎒🙌🏻
  12. @JoshuaHoroshok [1 likes]: So rad!
  13. @Nico-td2dz: amazing! one question, does anyone knows the software they use in the laptop?
  14. @40FIED: Awesome video guys! Great videography, editing, capturing the emotions and the atmosphere of an ocean race. Very well done for both the sailing and the filming!
  15. @Stalefish6: It will take you a month to find a French video like this….because they don’t wet themselves before
  16. @johnnybuoy2450: So good to have a one boat video on the Middle Race and so well done at that
  17. @NJGROWN: holy shit!
  18. @frankwoodward9914: more sailing less talk would be nice to many sissy fits pull your panties up boys and sail like real men
  19. @keithmoorechannel: Nice video with excellent editing.
  20. @randallwatson391: Great Doco.  So I'm a few months late, but how many Pogo 12.50s are called Hermes? :)  How did you guys go against the Pogo 36 Infinity? I seem to remember them being a bit slow perhaps, but I remember being surprised how they kept up with some other 12.50s at times.

- 3 Boat Loan Questions Everyone Asks Answered Fast!: Kind: captions Language: en If you're watching this video right now, it's probably because you're looking to finance a boat. Well, you're in the right place. Over the next 90 seconds, I'm going to answer three of the most commonly asked finance questions about marine lending. So, let's get started. Question number one, what is the maximum term I can finance my boat for? Term is the length of the loan. So, 10,000 to 25,000 is going to be 12 years or 144 months. 25 to 50,000 is going to be 15 years or 180 months. And then anything above $50,000 is going to be 240 months or 20 years. Question number two, what is the minimum cash down requirements that I need to finance my boat? This is actually going to be broken into two segments with a trade or without a trade. If you are trading in a boat and you have equity in it, so if you own a boat free and clear and you're trading it in, that counts as cash down. Uh so remember that. But the general consensus is that anything under $150,000 they're going to want 10% down and anything over $150,000 they're going to want 20% down. Now there is another caveat to that and that is there are a couple programs out right now for anything $45,000 and less there's a zero down lending option. So, under 150,000, 10%, over 150,000, 20%, and anything under 45 grand, you can sometimes get away with zero down. And question number three, what is the oldest boat that I can finance? 20 years old and newer is going to be generally where most programs cap out. Um, there are some programs that go to 30 years, but you want to stick to that 20 years old and newer cuz you're going to get your best rate in term. the older 30-year-old boats, those programs are mainly designed for trwers, you know, million-dollar boats that can be refitted as years go on. But nonetheless, if you are financing a boat 10 to 20 years old, you just want to make sure you have a valid survey. These are the three most frequently asked questions. If you have any other questions, reach out to us. We're partnered with Boats and Buyers. Uh my name is Dylan. I'm the president and founder of Float Finance. If you want to get started on the credit application, just click below and we'll reach out to you shortly.

  Top Comments:
  1. @henryhill3778: Finance a boat? Ya gotta be out of your mind. Does it make $ for you every month... then MAYBE, if it's for fun? You gotta be kidding. Pay CASH or you can''t afford it.

- HOW to finance a Boat in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en super off-the- cuff video, how to finance a boat in 2026. This is going to be straight to the point. You guys have any questions, just call us. Happy to answer any questions. You can text us, too. Um, but the number one thing you want to look for in 2026 is boats newer than 20 years old. Pretty important. Once you get older than 20 years old, two things start to happen. Rates go up and terms go down. So, you can figure that out on your own, but basically, your payments just go up. Um, so 20 years old and newer is going to give you your best rate in term. 10% down under 200 grand, 20% down over 200 grand. Um, you're looking at the right time because rates this year are definitely down. And if you look at our earlier videos, I actually nailed it right on the head. I said that rates are going to drop between 25 and 50 basis points. It's exactly what they did. Um, but 20 years is the maximum term. So, if you are looking to finance anything over 50 grand generally, you can finance it for up to 20 years, which is pretty sweet. Uh you can and there's no prepayment penalties on these either. But this is the the meat and potatoes of 2026 model year. Mostly unchanged but 20 years old and newer. Rates are down. You can finance for 20 years. You get the idea. Call us if you have any questions. applications and the like.

- Ward Yacht Sales Podcast Episode 4 - How To Finance A Yacht: Kind: captions Language: en welcome to the ward Yacht Sales podcast let's get started hi folks uh welcome to the W Yacht Sales podcast I'm Ben Ward and today I'm thrilled to be introducing Rick Hartley uh to our podcast Rick's the COO of inter Coastal Finance group AKA ifg or boat loan.com and uh these guys have been in the recreational Marine Finance business since uh 198 9 I believe long time it has and uh they are one of the leading Marine lending specialists in the US market and they do it all from financing to closings title registration Coast Guard documentation and a whole lot more so I'm thrilled to introduce Rick and ifg and to have the pleasure of Hosting this Q&A session to explore the world of yacht financing Rick welcome thank you Ben I appreciate it and thank you for having us on your show um ifg couldn't be more excited to be a part of this and and partnering with W Yacht Sales and this is an exciting time for everybody so certainly go right at it all right well let's dive in first off tell us a little bit about yourself and your background well I've been in this about 10 years as Ben said we've been as a company for gosh 35 plus years um I was in education Administration and teaching for over 30 years and uh moved to the finance side with working with being around boats for a long time and lived down in Florida on the East Coast uh in virau beach so it's certainly a huge boating community and have been around a lot of people with boats and and camps with boats and so we have 36 reps all over the country and about half billion dollars in sales in gross sales that's awesome uh one of the things we really liked about partnering with Rick and ifg is just the ability to provide our clients with additional funding options and the flexibility that comes from financing a boat so Rick you and I know that financing can make yacht ownership more accessible to more people uh it can give our clients options maybe just talk to us what are some of the benefits of financing a yacht versus buying a boat outright well you know the people ask that all the time and um I guess there's just two three main pieces that we would always talk to the people about about um slow management is probably the first and foremost is do you want to tie your money up uh or have it you utilized in a different manner whether it be Investments or whatever so some people don't want to tie that liquidity up dependent on the use of that that collateral that boat that yacht chartering business there can be certainly deductibles and things that can be an advantage as far as that goes and probably something that that a lot of people tie into whether it be for for a car for instance and and that is they can get a bigger better Whatever by doing a finance versus trying to use that liquidity all up and and gives them more options as far as it goes it makes a ton of sense so uh you know you mentioned car financing how is yacht financing different from financing a car or a home I've got to tell you it's U it's completely different and in fact uh it probably is is one of the conversations I have nearly every day if not every day and I say not hard to explain but the average person really doesn't think about it in those terms and that is the yacht is a recreational vehicle and that's how Banks see it and so with our 20 plus Banks and lenders that we work with I try and really make sure that the people we're working with these customers understand what they're doing how they're doing it and that is Banks see it very clearly as not something you need you need your home to live in and your car to get to work possibly but yeah that yacht is not something that you need and so very quickly we try and make sure that they understand that's how the bank sees it so when they go through the process it's something they have to say okay I understand now the structures are very different with the loan structures I I'm sure most cars maybe six years I guess is about most for boats we're talking um 20 years is probably the average for a larger yacht and and we actually have a bank that would go 22 23 but 20 years 240 months is probably the norm uh another thing unlike the home it does depreciate immediately kind of like your car when you when you take that boat out that that's some how it is as far as appraisals go you know I guess a lot of people through all these years think about the Kelly Blue Book you know it's what people know and think about with boats and Yachts um smaller ones meaning under 200,000 a lot of times it's going to be the NADA the NADA but larger ones it's called Buck or buck value and um those are two major companies that I will say Banks utilize pretty much every single deal and so someone will say you know gosh this is a million dollar boat and I'm getting it for a great price for 800,000 well that's great but let's see what Buck value says because that's what the bank cares about not that you know some of these sites have it listed for 1 million two for example well that's good that's what people are asking doesn't mean really that's what they're selling for what the bank see so that's a real tip it's important that the condition the age the size equipment all that does come into play as far as that appraisal engines those matter and some have what are called rewers Where The Boat might be 15 years old but the engines can only be three years old a lot of banks take that into account and that's really helpful because that can increase that value by by tens of thousands of dollars I guess just a couple more pieces to it insurance insurance is a vital piece to this entire puzzle and I guess again it's a very different animal compared to a boat or compared to a car or compared to a home and that is boats move around and you know your home doesn't and the second part is where you are things that come into place gosh if you're maybe in South Florida that could be an area where the banks will require hurricane coverage for example or storm coverage other areas may not so each of those things do come into play and deductibles come into play um so all that comes into in your thought process what you're going to do how do you get insurance can you qualify for insurance something we we don't see too often but when you have trips or quads that matters because some insurance companies will not cover that that that just brings into it um that that's probably the biggest I guess there's a bunch of differences but those are certainly make a difference as far as how people see it it's a lot to think about and uh you know it may seem like oh it's a fairly simple thing to go out and just get some financing right um but there's a lot of different angles and this is where it really pays to to work with somebody who has a lot of experience and and understands these nuances well we do get that Ben and that is you know gosh I just you know had a car I just had my business you know be accepted for a new you know a trailer something you know who knows what a plow and yet they say gosh a 50,000 or 100,000 or a half million dollar yacht and I can't and and it's just very different so we certainly want people to understand that there is so uh talk to me what are the kinds of terms that are available to buyers who may have different credit circumstances you know I'll probably tie this to two two things at the same time and that is the rates that you might get and the terms because they really do coincide so a lot of people I will say um carefully people say got great score we hear it every day every day everybody has a great score and it's a seven 40 in many circumstances that's a very good score I don't put that down that's wonderful in the yacht world it's it's an okay score you know over 800 is what a lot of the banks are looking at for a lot of these things and certainly there are a lot of reasons why something could be under that 800 and so on but every um every digit matters to a bank as far as it goes so the the credit score matters but um let me go through a couple pieces this it's not just a score I think that's really important for every to understand it's your report that credit report is utilized by every single bank and it's not just a score they're going to look at all the trade lines do you have more than one trade line do you have five trade lines they're going to look at what they call comp credit most banks won't let this recreational item be the largest uh um financing loan that you've ever had in your life and especially you've had t for about two years so actually makes a lot of sense if you had a mortgage um again depend on the size of yacht you're you're going for compared to the mortgage but normally 24 months is their magic number so better a mortgage for 24 months at least that size you've got that box checked derogatories late payments you'd be surprised a lot of times it's just a simple little you know I moved or I was out of town or I was on vacation and it went by and you know 30-day late that comes up and is going to be shown there so it's really important and anything as far as charge offs chargebacks bks those all matter as far as it goes to a bank because it's recreational versus again your car that yeah we got you covered yeah some banks want to want to uh look at that more in depth the term again we talked earlier it's kind of a range of usually let's say seven years to to 20 years and I guess the easy way to say that it's actually going to be if the age were all all equal let's say a 5-year-old old Boulder yacht then likely again under 75,000 a lot of times it's going to be a 15E over 75 is 20 years so most often it's going to be be that when you start talking about a 2010 you know you're you're talking about an older boat to say the least now they start thinking about is that 20 years it's already 14 years or 15 years to that bank you know how far will they go and instead of 20 they may cut it back to 15 we have Banks so that will do that all the way back to 2000 which again right now is really a 25y old boat if it was the first of 2000s um thinking of that that's it's a long time so they might only do a 12 year or possibly 15 for that size or for that age that makes sense and you know I can imagine you know from the bank's perspective you know this that hey um among all the loans that this person may have on their credit bureau this may be a luxury item and therefore might be one of the more risky items that they may not be as willing to pay if if push came to shove so certainly makes sense that they would have you know tighter underwriting policy great point I'm sorry go ahead oh so you know thinking about the different types of Yachts I mean obviously we have a lot of folks who are buying uh center console power boats for fishing you know these could be you know mid 20 feet up to really large motor Yachts luxury type Yachts what kind of yacht can a buyer Finance you know is there such a thing as like a minimum size or a minimum price and then on the other end of the spectrum is there sort of a Max loan price or a Max yacht size great question it's a really good point I guess is there a Min and Max sort of kind of you know we're talking again from the little Flats maybe or pontoons and I say that carefully because you can have a $140,000 pontoon so you know people think of it back in the day but you know 20 25,000 is probably the norm of a minimum for most recreational Banks and as high up almost as you can go 9.9 million is kind of the norm for a bank after that they start thinking about them as a super yacht or something else and therefore the banks get more detailed in their underwriting and and what their stipulations will be but other things that go into it we alluded to earlier that Kelly book value which is bucker Nat that loan of value is g to make a big difference so can it be financed possibly but you may have put a lot more down if had a really high loan of value makes sense at the same time gosh comes back with a great loan of value and it's already 80% you might put down that 10 or 15% versus having to put 20% down so that really makes a big difference and then the DTI debt to income comes into play quite often for these Banks it's a wide range they they kind of pretty much literally look at that credit report that we were talking about earlier and they basically say here's what shows as your debt this is what your income shows they divide the monthly and that's your debt to income it's that simple and you want to keep it 20 25% without the boat because once they add that on they're going to make sure you can again in theory handle that payment they have gone up to 40 45% though because of different circumstances so it's a wide range so Rick uh kind of to that point I know every deal is unique every financing situation I'm sure is unique but is there sort of a standard down payment amount what does that look like you know for the most part under 100,000 is usually 10% quite honestly um and that could even go up to you know 120 140 in some cases um after that you can pretty much figure 15% and then when you get to the 350 plus it might be a 20% uh coming in so that that comes into play and we'll kind of um talk about I think in in a few minutes just about some of the things as far as what banks are going to be needing or asking you to to provide but you know back to who can do it anybody but I will say something that I I had that you and I have talked about and that is the person that can't do this is a li board our banks just won't Finance those again we we'll talk about chartering which I mentioned about business maybe some some advantages even that most banks might do part-time Charters so allow a certain number of days they don't necessarily like it we have one or two that will in fact do full-time Charters but again they have very very big stipulations and careful conditions that you have to meet great I'm looking forward to diving into that as well so you know what can a buyer do if they're considering you know financing a yacht or a boat of any size really what can they do to prepare and what might they do to maybe improve their chances of getting approved really good point there ahead of time you want to know your credit you want to know your information quite honestly in the day that we live in the day and age most do and and and several people have them locked you know and Frozen which I I don't want to go into necessarily but it's a good thing to do know your profile know your history know your score your comp credit if there are derogatories there could be really good reasons have that ahead of time because again a bank you might have a score of a a 770 well you have a really good reason that it's a 770 and that bank May understand that and say okay you know what we can almost see it as an 800 then or we can certainly see a more variance than someone with a 770 for a different reason so that does come into play It's like a near-term anomaly maybe they've just purchased a home or you know there's something that's happened uh that's maybe uh impacted that scored near term but is not like a fundamental risk that's exactly right exactly right know again you're gonna need your last year's tax returns any schedules KS Etc if you have businesses involved they will need the personal business taxes uh returns if needed um if it's applicable liquidity and that's something that's really important for people to understand they're going to look at your liquidity and they usually want to see a one: one ratio at least and that means in essence they want to again in their minds make sure you can make those payments if something were to happen whether it be jobs or the economy or industry who knows what and so bottom line is you know if you have a $500,000 loan they want to see 500,000 in liquid and that's important that it's not part of your down payment that's going to be separate they want to see that liquid that's available once this is done and that down payment I I think you and I have talked about it before it's really important that you understand that can't be normally gifted to you it can't be another loan from another bank to give you a down payment to make towards this of course those are things that come into play um and I say this very carefully for people in businesses you may make a lot of money that's wonderful you may claim less and that's your choice what you claim will help you I assume in how you do things I'm sure it's all legal but the reality is when we present this to a bank they see those returns you can't then say yeah but I have another 100,000 that we do whatever with whatever's on those returns are what the banks will go by um and again never assuming anything's being illegal or done improperly there are many reasons why you do things but as far as a bank is concerned whatever it shows on that tax return is what they're going to give you that that makes a lot of sense Rick so you know talking about potential buyers who may want to finance their their yacht through a business through an LLC for tax or liability purposes what what are some pros and cons of that why would somebody perhaps want to go down that path you know there's some really good reasons and certainly some come up as the tax reasons and so forth there are states that have things that you can not have to pay tax in the far majority though A bank's going to require you to not only own land a parcel of land they're going to require you to have an actual address a living area in that state in order for you to in that case register title LLC whatever it might be so that's something important and understand but the second part in an LLC for the most part cannot be an existing LLC the LLC has to be a single entity LLC that means the only thing in it is this collateral this yacht or boat nothing else can be in it and on the bank's reasoning it makes perfect sense that if they were rever a lawsuit they don't want to be part of something else that you have in that LLC like your business or your home or you know ATV or whatever it might be the only thing in this LC will be this yacht and I don't want to go too far like tangentially down this path but you know is the LLC formation something they need to like figure out beforehand or is that something that you help them with or how does that work normally they do it ahead of time and does it have to be no but I will say it it again depending on the time of year we've had some that are done literally in two or three days others can take a month and you want to think about that and I guess I apologize I didn't mention this earlier but in reality once we present your application and we get your steps meaning all those financials and things in they're going to going to come back in theory hopefully with a conditional loan approval and that just means again with what we've seen and what the bank has seing hey you're good to go if all of a sudden they get more information and something turns wrong which doesn't normally happen but I suppose it could you're never fully approved until you have that last bit of information even the insurance the last thing probably it's going to happen is an insurance but before that it's going to be that survey and all is good and then all a sudden the survey comes back poor that bank is going to say yeah no we're not going to do this now we don't feel comfortable or you get a conditional approval you send in your your financials and they may look at and have more questions and and things that you would have to give us a little bit more information about why something happened why is it show a loss two years ago but then a gain of you know 400% this year so they're going to look at that very carefully as far as the LLC goes something that's important to understand is that if it's not just a one person if there are more people on that that are called managers every one of those would be on the note and that's really important so you want to put it in an LLC now that is how some people unlike a car or a home and you have a co-borrower in this business it's called the co-applicant and that means you are equal from the get-go not well they don't make the payment this is equal from the start and how it works with this industry is that you share trade lines when that credit cred report comes back husband and wife many times share trade lines they can be on the loan together let's say it's a a father and daughter and they don't share trade lines then it gets a little Mucky because they won't do a straw deal they won't let a father buy it for his daughter or son or how that works two business partners want to buy it together that's fine and they can do an LLC but they each have to qualify separately so one sends all his the other person his or hers and when they each qualify then we move them into a single entity LLC and then the bank goes through that way so it's really important you don't say hey me and my best friend want to do it let's go forward you each have to qualify for that loan once you do then we move forward with that LLC and couple things about that LLC it must be in good standing with the state so it can't be something that went defunct has not been renewed or whatever and we will have to present the Articles incorporation and again that's going to show anyone else that's listed in the as the the manager and obviously it's part of a fraud protection so that you know we don't have one person that gets mad and wants to sell or buy a boat or do something and the other ones don't know about it so that's why that works and and you mentioned the survey and uh I think you know that's if I if I understand correctly that's that's more specific to purchasing of a used vessel right and that's obviously a very common thing we saw a lot of boats that are coming from the US market what about new boat deals so in new boat deal for the most part couple of things one people say Hey you know it's being built it'll be done in 30 days or 60 days or 90 days let me get it the catch with that is most most approvals or conditional approvals um excuse me they're good for 30 days some 45 some 60 very few are good for 90 though and therefore if someone really wants to get approved it's going to have to be reapproved in that 90 days or four months or five months or what ever that being said we do construction loans we we're one of the few companies in the nation that can do that and that will have payouts during the timeline sort of like a home if they sayy it's two months down the road okay one of the things that you have to be very careful of is that once you're conditionally approved you don't make any major changes to your financial situation because if it goes past the approval time right they're going to re have to reapproved oh well gosh I did this loan or I did something else that drastically changes what your liquidity is or things like that so you want to be very careful I'm sure you've never had that happen right Rick you know it it's um it's something that again we work one of the things that we try and do is educate every single customer and some people are voters for Life they've been doing it for 40 years you know financing is a different animal though and some of them have not gone through this process and they don't think of some pieces like that so it's important that we're all on the same page and others say yep got it no problem we knew that ahead of time so we're there to try and really make sure they think about it ahead of time so we're on the same page gosh I don't know great no no that's super helpful Rick so you touched on a topic that I think may be of interest to some buyers and that is you know can they finance a boat that they plan to place into charter service you know what's your take on that and and are there any nuances to be aware of there um they can and again we have one bank that does it full-time of all our banks we have a couple that will consider or several that consider part-time and again they dictate the number of days allowed and so forth a couple things about it that you certainly can't change your mind after the sale after you've signed your bank notes you can't buy it personally and then think you know what I think I'm going to Charter it that wouldn't work because the bank note that you have for that loan is strictly for that that recreational use not for Charter in chartering services if it's a full-time the bank will always require a very specific charter company that would do the work for you so you know there's a staffing and Captain even regular let's say I'm going to step away for a second about chartering if it's your boat and it's a 60-footer they're going to make sure you have your captain's license have the experience or you're gonna have to hire a captain to do that boat um that the bank doesn't just say okay yeah we we trust it no problem they're going to make sure you have that experience hand I'm doing a charter exactly so um the chartering again again could have some great advantages certainly you're taking risks and and so is the insurance company because in theory you know things can happen on there in lawsuits or whatever that hopefully you wouldn't if you're recreational with your family there are certainly tax benefits and cash flow that all of a sudden you know that chartering just like renting a home you know you you have that covering your payments many times and then you have full use of it when you're not chartering it so it kind of could be the best in both worlds but you want to be be aware that that certainly is something to be think about if you're going to go that route there are other things that you certainly want to be careful of sure that that makes a ton of sense and just to clarify you know I think this is maybe another uh area that folks might get tripped up on you mentioned about Li boards liveboard and and financing is pretty much a nogo right it is as crazy as it may sound and it's off topic but it's pretty much a noo for RVs too and that may sound crazy Banks don't want to deal with it and don't want that as part of it so yeah I truly don't believe any of our banks I would have to check again but I don't believe any of our banks would allow a li board though and that means I say this carefully that you actually have a home somewhere that you actually go and you know can get mailed to whatever not just a piece of property and I'll tell you a quick story is that we had someone that's um you know a million dollar yacht and it's going to be in this this is the address whatever the bank Googled it well his house hadn't been built yet it was an empty lot and and and in fact well yeah but you can see and sure enough he had he had built the the dock and everything but he did not have a the lift was there but he did not have a house and we talked about it we talked the bank very carefully and he got the loan but that is how how careful the banks are they will follow up it's not something like okay no problem they're gonna follow up with all the pieces yeah absolutely so you know obviously transparency is pretty key and and you know maybe this is another good segue you know when you think about what lenders are doing these days to help reduce fraud risks especially in the face of all sorts of new threats with AI and deep fakes uh what are some things that uh the lenders are doing to protect both buyers and sellers what a great great point and question Ben to say the least it's it's a topic that certainly should be I hope on everyone's mind nowadays in all all facets of your life as far as this one very first one you said you know Banks and quite honestly it's it's actually back to and I and and even prior to us it's back to the customer the seller there are things they can do then there's things we can do and then there's things the banks will do and so all those layers and levels are what going to help us U you know certainly hopefully stop the bad guys and there's a bunch out there but as far as it goes the collateral itself I've had people with a private sale trying and buy a boat that didn't even exist you know it it it seems crazy but there's a lot of stuff out there online so certainly the collateral the sellers the buyers websites nowadays some of the websites are bad and you want to be really really careful because they're the Deep fake as we talked about go see your vessel in person you know what as crazy as that is you're right but a lot of people don't it's in a different state they go by the picture they go by the survey that may be done or hopefully has been done but it's vital that you know they they get an idea we had one that you know they certainly did not go see and it turned out the uh the struts were separ ating from the hall and when they got it back and they're like oh my goodness and we're that's wild you bought it you know we're sorry so you certainly want to be careful and that's why you do have surveys and they didn't have one done you know and so forth back then the communication security you know we have secure we have encrypted that we utilize or have available if you would like to utilize the Deep fake nowadays as you brought up gosh the voice has been around for a couple years now but now the video is there and I as we're looking at each other right now it's kind of how I tell people to think of this think of those little comic ones where there's a dog or a cat and they're singing the song Perfectly that's deep fake basically with the dog get now imagine a person's face and you know so that's how they do it the credit pull believe not actually gives us a lot of information also your previous addresses things like that that we can then check up on so there's a lot of areas digital and iners that we can do to help make sure and provide the prevention that's necessary well well that's reassuring you know and um obviously uh the bad guys are going to keep trying to do bad things so you know obviously we're not trying to tip them off here but we uh think it's important for folks to be aware of things that they can do and things that uh you know obviously that the banks are going to do to to try to protect all the parties involved maybe you know before we wrap here uh Rick uh any kind of final advice that you might give to somebody who's considering financing a boat you know I I guess um my advice would be on your part to do your due diligence the background boat history expenses make sure you've gone through all that to make sure this is what you're thinking of doing a crazy part that some people don't think of until it's too late is the moing or slips our banks won't do it won't sign off on your bank note until they know where you're going to keep the vote now many people say you know in the driveway you know for a smaller one okay but if it's going to be a slip I I got to they're in some areas they're very hard to come by so you know they're going to make sure you have a place to put that boat and not after the fact but before they do it this is a very important point Rick sorry to interrupt but like you know especially in the Florida Market there's some very popular areas where folks tell me oh yeah I'm GNA keep my boat in this area and I'm like have you looked into slips in that area CU I know for a fact it's like a two-year waiting list so yeah this is a really key point now absolutely and the insurance it kind of goes hand in hand no problem yeah well you want to check that out more sooner than later to make sure that you have something you have those quads or trips you have something that that that bank for whatever reason may be questioned or where you are and obviously again being in South Florida the weather comes into play and as we mentioned earlier there are very specific things that well yeah we're not even there are insurance compan that won't do certain areas so you want to make sure you've done your homework as Char that goes before it ever comes up to this personally you want to make sure you have your cash flow what are you going to do don't put yourself in a situation and again it it seems like logical and everybody would think of that but I really want the repairs and maintenance most banks I think call it 10% so if it's a million dollar boat you're talking a h 100,000 a year for all the things to to go into it so you want to really make sure you have what what's there I I say this carefully but because I've been doing this for a decade and have run to run this more than once make sure the boat you you look at you're going to buy is the one that's going to satisfy what you want to do with it you know you don't want to sell boat if you're going sport fishing you want a f boat If You're Gonna Go water skiing you really want to make sure does it satisfy the needs that you have it doesn't matter to me I I you can buy any boat you want if I get you finan in I'm happy for you but I want you to be satisfied and not later say gosh I wish I had you know don't settle get the one that's really going to it will come up I I tell people if anything maybe patience and the final piece maybe would be it is a major purchase think of it as that you know not that a car isn't but in this case this is a major purchase as we've said several times now that's recreational it's not something that you absolutely have to have maybe you think it is and you're trying to get your spouse to believe you okay but the bottom line is it's a major purchase treat it as that as far as your decision making process to go through all the areas of you and your family and and so on but absolutely I could tell you how I'm hoping it comes out that way and you go through Ben and give us a call and we can help you out for sure you know as you were talking through that Rick I was thinking you know another really important factor is you know thinking about you know not all boat makes and models uh are created equally you know you can't expect to buy a boat you know on a a low-end budget and then expect that that sort of lower in make is going to retain its value in the same way that a higher end uh more customized boat will retain its value so also thinking ahead you know really trying to kind of advocate on behalf of buyers you know think about what the value of that vessel is going to be a few years down the road and you know how how is that boat going to depreciate you know over that time span not not all boats are going to depreciate at the same rate absolutely can say it better that's absolutely perfect well Rick uh I know I've learned a few things from this call and uh you know I really appreciate you taking the time and sharing just a ton of really valuable insights with us about the world of boat financing the different considerations and how to prepare and approach you know getting financing for your boat purchase it's super helpful I think a lot of folks are going to find this information to be valuable and of course we can't cover all of the different topics that might come up on a podcast but uh you know W Yacht Sales is here to to help connect you with the right vessel for your needs for your purposes and uh to help you achieve your boating dreams and goals and then obviously we partner very closely with Rick and his team to help you get the financing or certainly to understand the financing options that are available to you and I can't think of anybody better to work with than Rick so Rick thank you so much for your time folks who are tuning in today thanks for watching uh if you enjoyed this video please don't forget to like leave us a comment down below if you've got a question something we didn't cover I'll be happy to follow up and and answer those questions as well um and don't forget to uh to share the video uh if you've got somebody who's uh you know talking about acquiring a boat you know send this to them and uh hopefully this will be helpful we'll put this up on our web page I think Rick's going to get this up on his uh website as well so thanks for tuning in and until next time be safe out there on the water and hope to see you soon thank you very much thanks again for watching don't forget to like comment and subscribe to our Channel [Music]

- Boat Loan EXPERT Shares 2025 Financing Trends: Kind: captions Language: en okay so what is the future forecast for boat loans in 2025 I've been everyone's been asking me this and I the here's the short answer is that there is no cookie cutter answer on what boat loans are going to do in 2025 uh there there just isn't it's all speculation and here's what I'm going to speculate going into 2025 I believe that what we're what's going to happen is we're we're facing a new Administration change and my belief is that we're going to encounter push for lower rates um as it's going to boost the economy with that being said I don't believe that we're going to see any rate drops until Q3 or Q4 of this year now that being said those rate drops I don't believe are going to be significant we're not going to see rate drops that going to bring us back to the 2020 2021 era of of rates we're just not back you know back in 2020 2021 you could get a loan for anywhere from 3 to 5% very easily now our our average rates are 5.99 to 8% um now that being said I do believe we're going to see a drop so those rates could turn into 4.99 to 7% maybe a hair below that um but understand that when the feds drop the rate it's not going to be by a point it's not going to be by a point and a half it's going to be 25 basis points points 50 basis points so a quarter point half a point we might get to a full point over the course of the next 2 years but I don't believe that that that's going to you know be something that's going to happen immediately um that being said there are banks that are opening up different lending guidelines so whereas before in 2020 and 2021 the rates were very good and the cash down requirements were not you're going to see the opposite now you're going to see where you know cash down guidelines are going to start to ease up and the rates are going to remain you know the way they are um which is something to look forward to and one thing that I tell everyone is that just because you lock yourself into a loan today doesn't mean that you can't refinance down the road so if your biggest hesitation is rate we are on the men right now again that is speculation uh but I do believe that we're on the men right now when it comes to rates uh so if you get a boat loan today uh we have a uh an ongoing list here that we're going to reach out to that you can get notified when we think that your rate is going to get better so obviously that's going to depend on if the bank approves you for a lower rate but if the posted rates that the banks are offering are lower chances are pretty good so that is our deeper dive into boat loans going into 2025 if you guys have any questions drop us a comment we'd love to hear from you

  Top Comments:
  1. @FloatFinance: For anyone wondering. - we were right

- DO NOT Pay Cash For A Boat Until You Watch THIS! | BoatUS: Kind: captions Language: en Hi I'm Mike Vatalaro with BoatUS.&nbsp; I wanted to do this followup to&nbsp;&nbsp; our Price vs. Cost video to address one&nbsp; of the most frequent comments we received.&nbsp;&nbsp; If you haven't seen it pop on over to the&nbsp; BoatUS YouTube channel and check it [Music] out. One of the more frequent comments was some&nbsp; variation of "If you can't pay cash for it, you&nbsp;&nbsp; can't afford it." Now let me just start by saying,&nbsp; I 100% agree you shouldn't be buying things you&nbsp;&nbsp; can't afford, whether it's boats, cars, other&nbsp; luxury items. But it is a huge leap from "If you&nbsp;&nbsp; can't pay cash, you can't afford it" to "Paying&nbsp; cash for those items is best." Let me explain.&nbsp;&nbsp; The idea that paying in full for a big ticket item&nbsp; is best ignores the opportunity cost of tying your&nbsp;&nbsp; dollars up in that asset. Opportunity cost is&nbsp; just a phrase that means what's the highest and&nbsp;&nbsp; best use of that dollar, now or in the future.&nbsp; Let's go back to the example in the first video:&nbsp;&nbsp; Our buyer in the first video spent $440,000 on&nbsp; a boat in 2013. We know exactly what that costs.&nbsp;&nbsp; But what if, instead, they had put $4,000 down&nbsp; and financed the balance? What would that have&nbsp;&nbsp; looked like? So at the interest rates available&nbsp; in 2013, I calculated a monthly payment of about&nbsp;&nbsp; $381 a month for 10 years. That added about&nbsp; $9,700 in finance charges to the overall cost&nbsp;&nbsp; of that boat. So why is this opportunity better?&nbsp; It comes down to what other opportunities did&nbsp;&nbsp; our buyer have to do with that $36,000? Well,&nbsp; if they had simply stuck it in the S&P 500,&nbsp;&nbsp; what would have happened? The cumulative total&nbsp; return for that decade was 167%, meaning that&nbsp;&nbsp; $36,000 would have grown to $96,000. So our buyer&nbsp; missed out on approximately $60,000 in gains,&nbsp;&nbsp; which more than offsets the $9,700 they would have&nbsp; spent in financing. Now I'm not saying everybody&nbsp;&nbsp; should finance everything. That's a recipe for&nbsp; a cash-flow disaster. What I am saying is you&nbsp;&nbsp; can benefit from borrowing as long as your money&nbsp; is outgrowing your borrowing costs. Now there's&nbsp;&nbsp; plenty of reasons to avoid monthly payments. Maybe&nbsp; you're self-employed and your income fluctuates.&nbsp;&nbsp; Maybe you have seasonal employment. And perhaps,&nbsp; more commonly ,maybe your credit doesn't allow&nbsp;&nbsp; you to access the low interest rates necessary to&nbsp; have gains in the stock market that offset those&nbsp;&nbsp; costs. Now, this assumes that you're comfortable&nbsp; with the risks inherit in the stock market. If&nbsp;&nbsp; you are one of those stuffing-under-the-mattress&nbsp; people, this isn't going to work for you. Listen,&nbsp;&nbsp; there's no better feeling than knowing something&nbsp; is bought and paid for that you own it outright.&nbsp;&nbsp; That is a very good feeling! I just don't want you&nbsp; to spend too much money getting there. Let's keep&nbsp;&nbsp; the conversation going in the comments. Please&nbsp; like and subscribe -- and we'll see you out there!

  Top Comments:
  1. @KeithHarrington-f4q [8 likes]: Love you guys for all you do! Disagree though with the going in debt advice though. A boat is a depreciating asset. I agree with your first suggestion, pay for it upfront!  Keep the videos coming! (Dave Ramsey financial follower)
  2. @PaulGeorge-y7d [7 likes]: You have to account for the long term capital gains tax (20%) he would pay on those stock market gains, eating about $12k of that $60k gain.  Also, no one can see the future and gains in the stock market are not guaranteed.  So opportunity costs have to balanced with risk tolerance.
  3. @mattr.1887 [4 likes]: Don't pay with cash, because the loan companies don't like that.
  4. @AdventuresofHappyOurs [3 likes]: He’s 100% correct.  Every financial advisor will say the same thing.  Caveat - you have to have the equivalent cash you would have put on the boat invested in a high yield bond or investment to see the benefit.   Also, the interest on loans for boats considered a second home (have a head, galley and sleeping quarters) is tax deductible.
  5. @Rkmorganjr [3 likes]: He never even mentioned taxes or inflation…
  6. @swilliams921 [2 likes]: No debt, no worries, still poor!

I came to this realization when I paid cash for 2 vehicles.  When those vehicles were traded in for just a few thousand dollars we compared those cars to how much a single rental property we owned went up in value. That house was put up for rent around the same time my wife bought her car. The house was worth about $95k and we paid 27k for the car. Today that house is worth $207k and paid for but if we never paid cash for that car and invested the rest we would have way more. 

I now finance everything and put every dollar into assets. If I fall into a pinch with money, we can sell something or borrow against the assets if needed. We keep nearly enough liquid cash to pay off any one asset because this is my first time owning a boat. Not ready to get a $200k boat yet.
  7. @Fwdking [2 likes]: Sounds nice  , that was 10 years ago .  However, does that still follow in bad decades ? Global war is likely in a few years, and where does this fit in now . Realist talking  . 👍🇭🇲🦘
  8. @RonaldHarmonUSA [2 likes]: Wow the "financial experts" are coming hard in the comments 😂
  9. @robertpurdy3208 [1 likes]: Love this approach. Recenty bought a regal 35 sport coupe... was hesitant to get into debt, but also realized if i waited to pay cash for this boat. (In 4-5 years) my grandparents and other people i love might not be around to enjoy it with me.  I think as long as a fast pay off plan is in action and you understand the risk, this is sound thinking.
  10. @Brandon-Rickrode [1 likes]: So in your example, the boat is $40k cash or $49k after interest if financed. You're suggesting that someone finance the boat and put the $40k cash that they WOULD have bought on the boat (minus a down payment, so $36k) and invest in the S&P 500.....So at the end of the 10 years, my $36k investment is around $96k minus the $49k I ended up paying for the boat after interest. So I now have a 10 year old boat and approximately $49k in the bank...............Now lets look at if I just invested the the original $40,000 cash and waited to buy the boat and just invested the $40k in the S&P for 10 years...That would give me $106,800....Then I could buy the boat for $40k, and now I have a brand new boat and $66,800 cash...2 key differences here. If I went with your suggestion, I would have had a non-liquid, depreciating asset for the last 10 years in HOPES that the S&P would have performed like it always has. Or my way, I would have had full liquidity in case of an emergency while my money grew to where I can purchase this TOY with absolute certainty that I can afford it and not have to feel captive to a bank for a depreciating asset.
  11. @jamesrobbins2708 [1 likes]: I find it funny how in this video put out a month ago from when I'm writing this comment, they reference a loan taken out in 2013 (11 years ago) when interest rates were low (home loans were less than 4%) as opposed to now when current boat loan rates according to google are between 6.49% and 7.99%.  Given that the S&P 500 growth over the last 4 years adjusted for inflation is 7.28% it's effectively a wash.  Any financial advisor will tell you past performance doesn't indicate future returns.  Never take financial advice from someone trying to sell you something.  This guy is nothing more than an boat industry shill used car salesmen.  🙄
  12. @JohnsonBannerman [1 likes]: Imagine taking financial advice from essentially a tow truck driver.
  13. @TheGeoling [1 likes]: Excellent financial advice, in spite of the naysayers.  They should pay cash.  It better suits them.
  14. @ciroromer7380 [1 likes]: Worst advice ever. How can these people even feel they have the wisdom to give financial advice. Buying a boat is a horrible investment. Depreciating asset that cost money and does not pay interest or dividends. Now you want to go into debt to finance it?? Stick to towing guys.
  15. @bassmode721: Well most people who finance don’t have the cash that’s why they finance
  16. @crystalclearwindowsllc: what about the guys who have not so good credit like in the low 5s and 6s but have the down payment
  17. @ScottDoesMore: Sounds good - gonna go buy that 100' that I was thinking about
  18. @JamieBerger-s1g: The best advice I got on boat buying nearly 40 years ago was whatever you’re looking at paying for a boat assume that money is gone. If you’re comfortable with that, buy the boat and enjoy it. If that gives you some pause for concern, don’t buy it, find another hobby you can afford. The example illustrated here is true enough with the benefit of hindsight. You could just as easily find an example where the money invested dropped 30-40% rather than grew 167%. It is a fantastic example however, for someone trying to justify buying something they desperately want, or maybe convince their spouse of something they desperately want😂. BTW, have owned boats for over 40 years now.
  19. @tkm3207: The highest and best use of that dollar is NEVER EVER buying a boat!  😂
  20. @nabilchaudhry1: Don't buy a boat, period! You have to budget for 10% of the value of the boat for maintenance EVERY season.

- How to Get a Wake Boat in 2025: The Ultimate Financing Guide You NEED to Know!: Kind: captions Language: en have you ever looked around at the lake and thought where in the world did all of these people get their money to buy these amazing new surfboats well there's a good chance that they know about something that you may not and we are going to talk about it what's up guys this is Mitch from boardco today we are going to be talking about a topic that may sound intimidating at first but it can be a real GameChanger if you are looking to get out on the water in 2025 and looking at new surfboats we are going to be talking about boat financing and particularly boat financing in the year 2025 so as I mentioned if you've ever been wondering how people are able to afford these different boats and what different things such as boat financing options look like you've kep come to the right place we're going to talk about how boat financing compares to car loans how they compare to mortgages or if you've been thinking about upgrading to a dream boat but aren't sure how you're going to pay for it we are going to talk about that today by the end of this video you're going to have a clear understand understanding of a few things number one how boat financing works and how it's different from financing cars or homes number two the current market conditions for boat loans in 2025 including interest rates terms and what banks are looking for number three the factors that influence whether you qualify for a boat loan and how to position yourself to get the very best rates and terms so sit back relax and let's dive in to boat financing so let's first start by comparing boat financing rates and ter terms and information with what you might be more familiar with specifically talking about automotive and mortgage loans so the first thing to talk about is the loan terms so Automotive terms are normally 5 to sevene terms and mortgages can be 15 to up to 30 years boats and in this case I'm talking specifically about new wake boats can be financed many times up to 20 years on the term or 240 months is another way to put it so the reason why they can be financed on a term that is so much longer than autol loan is because boats retain their value and depreciate much more slowly than automobiles they don't depreciate as slowly as homes they don't appreciate in value unless we're talking about back in 2020 with covid but they do depreciate at a very very slow rate to compared to other depreciable assets this means that Banks can extend loans out to 20 years on a boat and not have to worry about their collateral being greatly at risk the next thing to talk about when it comes to boat loans versus car loans is interest rates so because a boat is considered a luxury purchase lenders view it as a little bit riskier than like Automotive loan let's face it if you run into financial trouble it's much more likely that you're going to prioritize payments and make it so you keep your car than it is that you keep your boat as a result boat loan interest rates tend to be slightly higher than what you end up seeing for car loans now I know what you may be thinking 20 years for a boat loan that sounds absolutely crazy who is going to be paying on a boat for 20 20 years but keep in mind that that's not actually how it works the vast majority of boat loans are paid off in just a few years whether it's that people pay off the entirety of the loan or whether that be that they trade it in or sell the boat or something like that the average turnaround is roughly four to 5 years so the vast major of the time people aren't signing up for an actual 20-year note that said when we're talking about boats and particularly higher end models they hold their value extremely well this means that they have a much slower depreciation and it helps justify those longer terms it can also mean that the cost of ownership over time can be lower than what most people end up expecting which is why you see plenty of high dollar boats at your local Lake a lot of these Boat Owners aren't necessarily making millions and millions of dollars they're just financing them over a longer term with more manageable monthly payments and the depreciation of the boat typically keeps up with those monthly payments meaning they don't end up drastically underwater now that we've covered a few of the basics when it comes to boat loans let's talk about key factors in qualifying for a boat loan and what you can expect when it comes to rates and terms so when you apply for a boat loan lenders will look at a handful of factors when going through and deciding number one if you're approved but also what kind of rates and terms and conditions will be applied on that loan the first thing that they're going to look at is the credit score now this is a fairly obvious one a higher credit score generally means better rates in terms because a boat is considered to be a luxury item typically banks have a higher threshold for credit scores than what they do with an auto loan or with a home mortgage because there's also no federally back government program that's particularly protecting Boat Owners though that would be awesome president Trump if you're keeping anything in mind this is a good thing to think about so the second thing they end up looking at is debt to income ratio lenders want to see that you have sufficient income relative to your existing debts and liabilities if your monthly debts are too high compared to your income qualifying can become more challenging also that debt to income ratio can impact the rate if you have a higher debt to income ratio you may not qualify for quite as much or your rate may not be quite as good as if you have a lower debt to income ratio third thing is your credit history Beyond just your score lenders want to check how reliably you've handled past loans and credit lines and in particular if you've had any credit lines that are a higher dollar figure if you're going to be taking out a boat loan that's let's say $300,000 and the largest loan you've ever had was a $4,000 auto loan from 5 years ago that may be a little bit of a problem fourth up is loan to value and what that means is that is how much you are borrowing relative to the boat's actual value so lenders will assess a boat's value and then determine how much you are borrowing against that value and that will impact both the rate as well as the term that you would get on that loan now let's talk about the differences between new boat financing and use boat financing because there are some definite differences between the two first off let's talk about new boats so new boats often come with better rates and terms compared to use boats because of the way that they're valued so lenders will typically value new boats based on MSRP or based on invoice pricing and lenders can oftentimes feel more confident about the the stable value of a new boat because they understand the condition and there aren't as many variable factors with that new boat as exist within the used boat world now when it comes to used boats they typically have slightly higher interest rates and part of that is because the valuation is done using Blue Book values and it can vary depending on a lot of different things such as the equipment that the boat is equipped with such as the condition of the boat the number of hours and things of that nature which aren't something that Banks necessarily factor in when it comes to their rates they really kind of take a catchall approach where they average it across used boats and that makes it so the rates are a little bit higher than what you can end up seeing with a new boat now an important takeaway here is that sometimes a new boat payment can actually be similar to a used boat payment because of the rate differences now this can be true with late model used boats but it can actually even be cheaper with older used boats because typically older ones don't necessarily qualify for the same terms so what can happen is people will often times compare a slightly cheaper used boat or a notably cheaper used older boat that both of which will have a higher interest rate and potentially different terms versus a more expensive new boat and sometimes they actually end up finding that the new boat is the same or close to or even in some cases less expensive on a monthly basis compared to what they can get in the used Market we have this happen all the time where customers will come in look at a boat that is 2 or 3 years old compare it to a brand new one and it turns out that their payment on the brand new model of the exact same boat is the same or sometimes even less and what they experience with a used boat what this comes down to is just simply the terms and also the interest rates that you get available often times with new boats people end up spending Less in interest payments over the life of the loan than what they will spend on a used boat and it ends up kind of equaling out the payment when you're looking between the two options next up let's specifically talk about rates terms and cash down and what those specifically look like on boats so as we mentioned it's not uncommon to see 20year terms on many popular surf boats and the reason is their values hold up over time but here's a good rule of thumb when you're looking at financing and how the payments are going to structure typically it's common for you to pay roughly around $7 a month for every $1,000 that you finance what that means is if you're going to finance $100,000 you can expect roughly $700 a month payment on that boat now of course this depends on a lot of different things such as the exact interest rate what terms you're running but it's a decent guideline Line If you're looking at a boat on a 20-year term note at an average interest rate which for us here at boardco right now is sitting it right around 75% now depending on when you're watching this video or depending on what dealership or bank or that that you work with they may have different terms they may have a higher interest rate it's pretty uncommon that you get a lower interest rate my guys are pretty good in that regard so but this that term of $7 per every $1,000 Finance is a good rule of thumb for what you can expect that also means that if you put more cash down such as putting an additional $1,000 down on a boat it's going to reduce your monthly payment by roughly $7 a month now that we're on the topic of cash down let's talk about what's typically required for boat loans so the most common scenario for boat loans is Banks like to see between 10 and 20% down on a loan there are some situations where you can have less down there's some that they were going to require more but the most common one is typically between 10 and 20% so by having that equity in the boat it also makes it so that your loan to value ratio is better now that 10 to 20% cash down number is what the banks typically require to do the loan however you may want to adjust your cash down not just to make it so that you qualify but also to ensure that you get the best possible rate as I mentioned before loan to value ratio is an important factor that Banks look at and if you have an expert Financial assistant that's helping you and working with you through the process they can tell you the exact amount that you're going to want to put down on the loan in order to ensure that you get the ideal possible rate what you don't want to do is be in a situation where you're putting 11% down on a boat and if you put 12% down it's going to drop your interest rate another point so what that means is that often times people will choose the amount that they're putting down based on what they need to qualify people will also choose the amount that they put down to ensure that they get the best possible rate now sometimes that that may mean hey you'd have to put a much larger portion down and you may not want to do that but if putting another $1,000 down on the boat can improve your interest rate and you end up getting that money back very quickly that can be a well worth investment to be looking at now I mentioned previously about how depreciation will typically keep up payments if you're putting between 10 and 20% down on a boat what we most commonly see after doing thousands and thousands of boat loans and having people want to trade their boats in is that most of the time on surf boats if people are putting between 10 and 20% down their payments will keep up with the depreciation of the boat meaning that they sh won't have to Shell out any additional dollars because they're sitting underwater when they want to trade that boat in or when they want to sell it one thing I wanted to hit on is how that down payment is going to equate to equity in your boat and depreciation so the reason why banks will typically require at least 10% down is to ensure that you're on the right side of the loan so you don't owe more than what your boat is worth because a boat will depreciate from the time that you buy it as new but it's not like a car so most most cars will lose around 50% of their value in the first 3 to four years a boat on the other hand will lose roughly 10 to 15% of its value the first year just enough to where somebody would want to buy that versus buying a brand new one and then it will most generally depreciate it roughly 5% a year every every year after that as long as you didn't just get a terrible deal on your boat so that what we find is that that is a typical structure that people end up with and if they're putting between 10 and 20% down a couple years they're typically right set up and have additional equity in their boat in fact the vast majority of people that look to trade in their boat whether it's a whether it's 2 years four years 6 years old most often they end up having equity in that boat that counts as a down payment towards the next one while we're talking about trade inss trading in your current boat if you have one can further reduce the loan amount not just because of the equity that you end up having going towards the boat that's acts like a down payment you can also have a sales tax savings that can end up bringing down that payment potentially significantly depending on the value of the boat that you're trading in this can make a big difference on whether you qualify and how attractive the final terms are to you next up let's talk about 2025 how that market looks and what interest rates and Trends are looking like for this year now if you're watching this video this is shot in the beginning of 20125 and we want to talk about current market conditions and what that looks like for for boat financing so there's a few big dynamics that are at play right this second number one is that banks are actually getting really aggressive right now so despite interest rates rising over the past few years banks are being really competitive particularly with boat loans the reason why is because they're looking to diversify their investment portfolios and they find that boat loans are typically really paid quite well they they return really well they don't write down almost any of the loans that they extend out and so they're willing to extend those portfoli at a pretty heavily discounted rate compared to a lot of the other different loans that they're doing so what this means is that right now at the beginning of 2025 boat loan rates are closer to mortgage rates and closer to the FED fund rate than any time that I can remember so I mentioned the FED funds rate and while the federal rates have moved around a fair bit in the last few months both up previously earlier on in 2024 and then coming back down a bit towards the end of 24 the rates on boat loans didn't Skyrocket up a whole bunch and but they also haven't drastically ratcheted down now when we're talking about rates they're still higher than they were four or five years ago but they're not nearly as high as many people may assume right now particularly in regards to how they compare against mortgage rates so the reason for that sorry boat loans also typically tend to be a lot more stable than mortgage rates they don't adjust on an up and down on a daily basis or even a weekly basis for for the most part they typically have a lot of the forecast from the Federal Reserve baked into their projections and baked into the rates that they're doing many lenders have already factored in the Federal Reserves projections for the next few months and so we may see like a quarter of a point dip later on this year depending on what the FED does but for right now most forecasts suggest that boat loan rates will remain stable and quite frankly have been stable the last number of months since the FED started dropping interest rates in 2024 boat rates came down a bit and they actually came down pretty aggressively and then they've remained flat through the fall and in through the winter going into 2025 because they have those fed projections and they have the fed's actions already baked into those numbers where it's looking like the FED is going to ease the pace of reducing interest rates we expect that interest rates on boats are probably going to remain pretty stable for the ne for the near future you want more information on this we did a deeper dive into market conditions and how they affect boat purchasing and you can check out our previous video that we did on the topic of what it looks like in buying a boat in 2025 here at boardco we pride ourselves on giving people the best possible financing options now we're a larger dealership which means we have relationships with lots of financial institutions and we have fully dedicated business managers that their entire job is just helping customers to get the very best rates and terms and structure things so that their finances are in line so that they're in the best condition to get a boat that's not necessarily the case at all dealerships but if you have guys that are on your side trying to help you and help you get the very best possible solution it's going to help make sure that your experience is just way better so let's talk about what we do specifically here first thing is that we submit credit applications to multiple Banks and when I say multiple I'm not talking about one or two we typically send your credit application to around 20 different financial institutions now the reason we do this is because each bank has its own specialty and niches and we leverage those to your advantage some banks will specialize in different situations regarding credit scores regarding loan to value ratios regarding amounts that you're putting down Etc some banks will also give you different treatment depending on your relationships with them and your exact financial situation now sometimes people are worried about this going hey you're going to ding my credit a whole bunch that's not how it works you get one credit Ding and you get to have about 20 different banks competing for your business and bidding to give you the best rates in terms now when we're talking about this we're not just talking about interest rates that the banks are competing on we know that everyone wants the lowest rates but sometimes some of the term structures can be more important things such as payment requirements length of loan at down payment all kinds of other different factors the key is that we work to try and strike the best overall balance depending on what you're looking for sometimes that may be the very best rate but but we also may have another option that may be a slightly higher rate but be way better terms for your particular situation depending on what that looks like also important to note that some banks give better deals on new boats some better on used boats some require lower cash down others work with people that have different credit ratings by casting a really wide net we ensure that you're match with a lender that best aligns with your exact unique situation overall boat financing doesn't have to be mysterious or intimidating here's a quick recap of the main points that we talked about first off loan terms they can stretch up to 20 years especially for newer wake boats particularly thanks to the lower depreciation that they experience number two is interest rates are typically a little bit higher than car loans but they remain really competitive into 2025 due to market conditions and the bank's desire to diversify their portfolios third qualifying depends on credit score debt to income ratio credit history and Loan devalue so be mindful of all these factors if you're applying for a boat loan fourth new versus used boats new boats often have better rates and a more straightforward valuation which can sometimes make your monthly payment the same or potentially even lower than many other used boats 20 10 to 20% down and possible trade-ins can help you avoid being underwater and keep the payment in line with depreciation moving forward what does this all mean what it means is that given the current economic forecast and competition among different banks right now can actually be a really excellent time to finance a boat rates are stable banks are motivated to earn your business and the rates are shockingly good if you've been thinking about making the leap this might be a great time particularly if you pair this information with what we talked about in the forecast for the 2025 boat Market obviously the things we're talking about here can vary depending on what boat you're looking at and depending on what's going on with that being said there's going to be differences between different boats and depending on what boat you're looking at and what brands specifically that boat is it may impact what you should experience when it comes to the loans that you'll get the depreciation you can expect because not all brands are equal which is the thing that we covered in our 2025 Market recap then we looked at specific boats and what you can expect in the boat market for 2025 that being said that's it for our Deep dive into boat financing for this year if you have questions about anything regarding boat financing or if you want to talk to our business managers to go through and give you details about boat financing and how to get the very best rates and terms even if you're not necessarily buying a boat from us at boardco we are happy to help you and give you the information that can help you to just have a great experience on the water and get the right kind of boat CU we want you to be out there having fun don't hesitate to reach out to us and we are more than happy to help you out if you have any questions at all regarding boat financing or anything surrounding the boat Financial topic go ahead and drop a comment in this video's YouTube page and we're going to be more than happy to address in a future video so if you find this video helpful don't forget get to like it subscribe and all that fun stuff and check out boardco

  Top Comments:
  1. @jeremyguillory8304 [16 likes]: I was wondering how people can afford these wildly expensive boats…this video answered that…they don’t afford them.
  2. @paullt5111 [8 likes]: If you purchase a $215,000 boat with a $43,000 down payment and finance the remaining balance over 240 months (20 years) at 6.87% interest, the total loan payments alone will amount to approximately $360,000 over the life of the loan. That’s before adding sales tax, maintenance, fuel, and insurance costs — which can significantly increase your total ownership cost. My hat’s off to anyone who can afford it — that’s no small feat.
  3. @seekerofthemutablebalance5228 [8 likes]: To say that new boats hold their value is wild
  4. @dewholdingsllc1050 [7 likes]: I bought one new boat upon graduation from college. It depreciated 30-35% the first year. I had put a large down payment so lost my money.  Last new boat I bought.  Now I let some other sucker eat the early depreciation.  A boat depreciation slows down after a few years you are correct,  but they are like new autos and depreciate fast.  If you want a real asset most aircraft appreciate, are treated like real estate if used for a business purpose same with tax benefits of earning first two certifications. .
  5. @treysals [5 likes]: Dave Ramsey would not agree with any of this. Being a luxury purchase people should not finance something like this for more than five years. If it takes you more than five years to pay it off you can’t really afford it. I personally think it’s insane to finance something that in most cases only get used three or four months out of the year. I couldn’t imagine making a boat payment in January when it’s 3° out and in my garage.
  6. @dustin0133 [4 likes]: I’m seeing guys eat 100k on a new surf boat all over marketplace. Even if I had the cash, I’d never buy on new
  7. @JeremySRRT [2 likes]: If you’re new to this, you better be able to afford fuel for those beasts. That bill will be more than the payment.
  8. @michaelbgentry [2 likes]: Good video!
  9. @timothywolfe7184 [1 likes]: Saying they hold their value is comical 😂
  10. @jonathancorkhill294 [1 likes]: Buying a boat soon. This was very helpful. Thank you!
  11. @davidnevins4883 [1 likes]: What are the typical rates nite now
  12. @jfish7609: How about a video on financing  an older surf boat. Specifically a 2006 Centurion Enzo! 😊
  13. @BradDeLancey: I mostly think high earners should buy expensive boats on loan, it’s not smart to buy these things if can’t easily afford them, then here is the key, it’s not a fn investment for the love of gosh please stop counting liabilities as investments in life in general, if there is not a net positive cash inflow preferably short term it’s not a fn investment, stop listening to sales people for how you manage and think about finances
  14. @chrispederson4157: If you can not pay cash you can not afford it. Buy what you can afford will pay off in the long run. Buying used with low hours is the way to go. Some people buy a boat thinking they will use it every day. They use boat a couple times and find out not there thing. The longer you pay the more it cost you in long run. These are luxury items. Buy a couple paddle boards and windsurfer. This guy sounds like a salemans. Boats sale are way down and boat lose value huge.
  15. @woodsie315: Financing a boat is crazy.  That's just the universe telling you that you can't afford the boat.

Way too many people get caught up in having the latest and greatest.
  16. @TM-jv1fb: Dont buy a boat. Ahhh you will never retire. Lol So damn expensive. Boat, maintenance, gas, and all the weekends away playing on the boat while needing to hire someone to get all your chores done. I will never retire. Ahhhhhh
  17. @valoanguy: I’m new to the boating life and your videos are sooo much better than others in your field. Thank you!

Curious, can you do a video on buying/financing a personal dock for those that have waterfront homes?
  18. @Fishnfreak: Thanks for the video! Gave me some motivation

- Maintenance Advice for Yacht Owners #yachtmaintenance: Kind: captions Language: en five things you need to know about boat and Yacht Maintenance number one is always get on a boat with the premise that you're going to learn something new that's first and foremost is go into it with an open mind that you're going to learn something new not everything is going to go right things are going to break things are going to happen you're going to screw up it's okay it's it can be fixed the second thing to know is back to understanding and knowing your owner's manual people forget about the little things that need to be done on the boat on a regular basis and it becomes big problems and I always go back to it I always it's it's people take it as a joke and they think it's funny that we get such detail that we know when we're lubing the snaps of the cushions getting that finite details of your schedule is hugely important vessel Vanguard is really helpful at helping you build the foundation for building a good preventative maintenance schedule and establishing a preventative maintenance schedule is hugely important from boat management standpoint hiring the right company to do it is important hiring the right companies to manage your sea keeper to manage your engines you know the the days of a shade tree mechanic unfortunately are gone these systems are too complex and too intense that without proper training that you can actually manage and maintain them seacocks they're a big deal but people don't exercise them on a regular basis like they should C strainers people talk about their air conditioning is going bad or not working well you look at the sea strainer and you can understand why foreign

- Yacht Maintenance Tips That Will Save You Thousands: Kind: captions Language: en hi guys welcome to captain german exploring youtube channel today we will make a video about how to prepare boat for sailing do you remember we are staying in the linton bay marina by the way we have video about linton bay uh the link will be in the description and somewhere in the video in some of corners uh i would like to remind you that our boat stayed here for five months of course after this big period of time we need to check all the system of our vessel very carefully because you probably know if you don't sell all the system getting directly to hell so uh we need to avoid problems in the future and need to check all the system right now so uh i think we will start with electronics and check our chart plotters and all the system like echo sound wind measurements etc etc so let's start and see what do we have [Music] oh all good so let's check autopilot and engage ok let's go everything is so now we found all electronics are working now is my favorite problem warm-up button is not working because it is all in a salt so we need to do something with it this is a regular problem this button is inside this just cover on top of it so everything what i'm doing now this lubrication it's not a button lubrication it's just lubrication of this cover now it's working now let's check engine oil also i think we need to check oil level in a cell drive full engine is working lever is working joystick is working so now this point we mark as done let's go to the next one let's check water maker and replace water maker filter because i'm pretty sure it's totally dead so i need to replace it do you see this black filter it is a water maker so i think we need to replace it immediately fool not bad not bad guys don't forget inside water maker i have a fresh water because every time after every time we use it we rinse it with a fresh water so we keep a fresh water inside so no barnacles no other bad stuff could be inside the membranes now is very important part after we install a new filter it's 5 micron filter we open a special tap and rinse all the system with the fresh water from a water pump now you you can hear it start to work so it means the water is going through all the system we'll do it maybe a few minutes and after we will open the salty water and start water maker and after we start to do it with the pressure but now we need to remove all the fresh water from a water maker because it could be it could damage membranes if you don't engage regulating valve so it means now we just rinse membrane with a salty water we'll do it one more time indicator said us that the water is a salty water so now uh the water maker sends the water outside but not in a water tank when the water will be good quality it starts to oh yes it means now fresh water is going to tank because it's inside the water maker i have a salinity test so now we checked water maker it works fine we replace a 5 micron membrane and now we are going to the next part we will start our genset so as usual first of all we need to switch a fuse on to check fuel valve and check oil level and after start genset and check if it works or not i hope yes in a port site after cabin we have a management system of gen set so it is a starting gen set button and the fuse so now we'll give the power to gen set now let's go and check a fuel and oil level now we are in a port of cabin uh here in the middle we have a gen set this cumin is on and 6.5 kilowatts in a 220 and in a bottom we have a diesel valve so open valves yes and now check oil level it's full so now we checked oil level and let's start genset and wait for a few minutes so hopefully jet set is working and this part we checked as well we checked main points and now let's check our batteries so i would like to remind you we have lithium batteries 1200 ampere hours now we switched off charging and check voltage on each cell let's do it so what we have i measured everything and i have a difference 0.02 difference in cells so i would say it is a perfect charging of batteries so we have bottom one each cell 345 347 346 346 so and if we check the total voltage 1378 on a one bms and a 1378 equal on another one so we are ready for setting technically we are ready uh one more thing i would like to do is a clean cool because of five months we have a lot of barnacles and something on a hole so i think we need to clean our board i would say uh clean and cool is not my favorite job it's quite difficult task but anyway we did it and now we will sail on a clean boat today i showed you uh what do we check uh before sailing each time so now we are ready we are lucky everything is working and don't forget to subscribe to our channel captain german exploring write comments likes everything welcome

  Top Comments:
  1. @andriizamozhskyi5361 [1 likes]: Viewers can learn English by watching two channels)))
  2. @oleksandrsynkov: Hi. Seacocks sealing damaged can be during prolonged downtime. Are you checking this sealing someway?

- How Is A Private Yacht Dry-docked For Hull Repair? - Luxury Life Report: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] How is a private yacht dry docked forhole repair? Imagine your luxury yacht resting peacefully on a set of sturdy supports out of the water, ready for a thorough checkup. That's what happens during dry docking forhole repair. The process begins as the yacht arrives at a specialized shipyard equipped with the right facilities. Depending on the size of the vessel, it might be placed in a dry dock that is either a large basin that can be drained or a floating platform that can be submerged and raised. For smaller yachts, a large crane called a travel lift is used to lift the vessel onto a hard stand on land. Before the yacht enters the dry dock, a detailed plan is created. This plan marks where the supporting blocks will go to cradle the hole securely. These blocks are custom made to fit the shape of the yacht's hull, ensuring even weight distribution and avoiding any damage. Once everything is set, the yacht is carefully positioned and the dock is sealed. Water is then pumped out slowly over several hours, allowing the yacht to settle onto the supports. Underwater technicians or divers double check the placement of the supports to ensure everything is perfectly aligned. With the yacht out of the water, the real work begins. The hull is inspected for damage like scratches, corrosion, or marine growth such as algae and barnacles. These can affect the yacht's performance and fuel efficiency. The whole surface is cleaned using highpress water jets or abrasive blasting to remove old paint and fouling. Repairs follow, which may include fixing cracks, restoring the gel coat, or replacing damaged fiberglass. The propellers, shafts, rudders, and C valves are also checked and serviced or replaced if needed. After repairs, the hull is primed and coated with specialized marine paints, including antifouling paints that prevent marine growth and protect the surface. These coatings are chosen for their durability and appearance, keeping the yacht looking pristine. During the process, safety and quality control are top priorities. Inspectors from classification societies or flag authorities often oversee the work to ensure it meets safety standards. The entire dry docking can take from a few days for minor repairs to several weeks for extensive work depending on the yacht size and needs. Once all repairs are complete, the yard slowly refills the dry dock with water. Tugboats assist in guiding the yacht out of the dock. Sea trials then follow to test propulsion, steering, and other systems. When everything checks out, the yacht is returned to service, looking and performing at its best. For owners, this process isn't just maintenance. It's a way to preserve their investment, keeping the yacht in perfect condition for years to come. It's a blend of craftsmanship, premium materials, and careful planning to maintain the elegance, safety, and value of a private vessel.

- Essential Boat Maintenance Guide: 7 Steps for Peak Performance, Tips for Easy Care, and Warnings: Kind: captions Language: en how to maintain your boat big or small basic or souped up there is one thing every boat needs maintenance fortunately routine maintenance and even small repairs aren't that tough and in the long run a little elbow grease will definitely pay off follow these steps to avoid costly repairs later steps one wash your boat regular ly and if you boat in Salt Water Rinse your boat thoroughly with fresh water after every outing to remove salt residue two use soaps and cleaners made just for boats to protect your boat's finish three change your boats oil regularly for stroke Outboards inboards and stern drive boats require regular oil changes the frequency will vary by model But A good rule of thumb is to change the oil every 100 hours of operation or at least once a year four check the propeller as part of your pre-launch routine if you have an outboard or Stern Drive boat use a deep socket to make sure the propeller nut is secure five remove the propeller several times during the season to make sure discarded fishing line hasn't become wrapped around the propeller shaft if it has have your dealer inspect the gear case because fishing line can cause gear case leaks and gear case service is not a do it yourself job six while you have the propeller off inspect it for Nicks dents and other signs of damage it's okay if your prop is missing paint but send it out for repairs if you find signs of impact the smallest Dent can cause your boat to lose 10% of performance and will burn more fuel than normal seven put a liberal amount of waterproof grease on the propeller shaft and reinstall the propeller and Hardware in the same order that you took them off and tighten the propeller nut to the manufacturer specifications do not forget to put a new cotter pin in if you have an outboard tips a long handled boat brush or a spray wand make washing your boat pretty easy you can find it at your local Marine retail store changing the oil in your boat's engine is quite easy in most cases easier than changing the oil in your car for directions visit frowny face unfortunately there aren't any Quicky oil change shops for boats so you have to change your boat's oil yourself or take it to your local dealer warnings if you're tempted to let the chore of cleaning your boat slide consider this fact a boat with a clean Hull bottom is more fuel efficient than a hull that's covered with algae or other Aquatic scum a dirty Hall can easily add up to 30% of fuel cost for

- EPISODE 10 | Scaling A Yacht Management Business: Kind: captions Language: en I've been there and I've run all of the boats and I know what it's like and I know what it's like to show up early and I know what it's like to leave late and you know be out and boating all day long and and you know wanting oh we're gonna go back to the dock and then oh never mind let's go over here and anchor it's a tough job and it's always important to me to keep the crew happy all right you want to roll into it let's do it cool thanks for joining me man I appreciate it no problem thanks for having me yeah absolutely all right I'm glad we could time this out I know we've been trying to do this for a couple weeks but thanks for moving stuff around I appreciate it yeah so a couple of things I wanted to talk to you about as we go through this is one how you started the company uh that's always fascinating to me personally but then also kind of the difference as you scaled it from either one or a couple boats whatever you started with to now closing in on 100 I definitely want to ask you what that Journey's been like and what you've had to do to make that sustainable um I want to ask you about why you focus so much on the customer details um I also want to talk to you about digitizing your processes some of the stuff we were talking about yesterday and then uh this trend you're seeing towards smaller Yachts so I got the bullets I'll we'll come back to these but dude how did you get this started um yeah so I uh became a Yacht broker I was always on the service side of things okay for my my whole life you know um my family was always uh in this industry and you know I was always around boats around stuff like that and um you know I would see uh these yacht Brokers pull up when I'm like in the engine room or like you know polishing the top of a boat or something like that and they would like pull up in their nice car and like have a nice shirt on and in the air conditioning and I'm like I want that that's what I want so whatever I gotta do to get that that's what I want to do and um some time went on and I I you know ended up getting out of the Marine industry for a little while um and then jumped back in it and I jumped back in as a Yacht broker and you know I worked for Atlantic yacht and ship they gave me a great opportunity taught me a lot uh you know a couple guys there took me under their wing and um you know I sold some boats and everything like that but you know yacht broking is uh it's a tough game um a really really tough game it's either feast or famine and and it's one of those situations and um I was in a place where I couldn't really afford to just be a Yacht broker and uh you know long story short I was actually talking about this with uh the client I was with before I came here uh he kind of asked me the same question and um did a little interview prep yeah yeah yeah yeah and um you know it was really funny I um I uh uh the guy that brought me into Atlantic out and ship uh very very dear friend of mine that I owe a lot to that gave me a chance believed in me and gave me an opportunity uh I was washing and sort of taking care of his 55 Zealander and I was making 400 bucks a week and I told him I said listen like I need to pay my bills I need to do something because like my family doesn't like help me out with money I don't you know I need it I need to make some money here and so uh I was making 400 bucks a week watching the Zealander you know uh once a week and sort of doing the strainers and checking things and kind of getting the boat ready for him and doing whatever he asked me to do and um you know when I was doing when I was taking care of that boat I really liked it I like felt good about it like I'd accomplished something and that I like can make something look nice and you know when the owners come it's presentable and it's staged and it's you know and it feels good and they're happy about it and all these things and I really like that and um you know one thing led to another long story short uh you know I was introduced to um the owner of Vanquish shots um you know and I was taking care of a couple boats and um you know doing my thing in Fort Lauderdale at the Zealander I had a big uh 80 foot Hatteras um and a few other you know boats like that I think I had a 39 nor Tech at the time um and so I got a call one day and said hey can you come meet the owner or meet meet this guy who's the owner of Vanquish shots and I said um I said yeah no problem and you know a few weeks before that I was doing some stuff on it on a boat and you know they were like oh you got to meet this guy and I'm like yeah whatever you know I'm like sure I hear this all the time yeah you know it sounds good call me whenever you know yep and um so I end up going to meet this guy and and him and I headed off and and still a great friend of mine today and um you know one thing led to another and he approached me uh about a month later I think and said um you know can you uh can you uh put together you know like a proposal for a client I have a brand new 50-foot Vanquish coming in um and uh you know um we'll present it to the client and it's going to be in the Miami Boat Show and this and that and I said yeah no problem and I I put together the first like real like full management YMS program um it's actually uh I actually have it framed okay um but I uh I sent it over and I met the client at the boat show and he looked at it real quick and said you know when can you start and I said right now tomorrow whenever you want you know um so we went through the boat show and that was that was my first uh like you know like I said I was taking care of some other boats and stuff and and doing a lot but this was like my full you know 100 do everything I'm responsible for everything management vote and uh Vanquish is a really big part of of the story and the journey um you know I love the boats I love I love those guys and um you know the owner of the company a great guy and and has done a lot for me and and I I want to say I've helped him out too and and it's just a phenomenal relationship but um you know when when I got that boat it really at the time it was kept in Miami and Miami Beach and it sort of injected me into the Miami Beach and you know Miami yachting scene and you know we would do you know lunch at Sea spice and you know go to Nixon and anchor and do all the stuff and I was running the boat the whole time you know you were the captain on it too I was running it I was doing everything on it washing it cleaning it doing strainers checking systems scheduling service managing the yard periods doing all this stuff and then another Vanquish kit and then you know in between those couple vanquishes I had picked up another couple boats I had a 47 Intrepid then I got another 47 Intrepid um I had a 39 nortec the Zealander I was doing a couple of vanquishes um uh uh and you still have that address at that time yep I still had the Hatteras and it was crazy I always tell my guys like every Thursday it was like a crazy day for me I'd wake up at I don't know four o'clock in the morning go to the Hatteras in Lauderdale do the whole thing wash the whole boat then head to Miami Beach Marina do the 50 Vanquish get all that squared away then go to a 54 Vanquish that I ended up eventually getting it's still down in you know down in Miami Beach the captain's a great friend of mine do that boat and then go to their 39 North Tech and do that boat and I would be done at like seven or eight o'clock at night and that was like my Thursday routine you know um but you know things always even to this day I never I never really like scaled like I never like on purpose like I never I always you know I've rejected a lot of boats and and sometimes I still do if they don't like fit our profile and what we're doing um you know but I've always done things very organically um you know I think I had 11 boats myself by myself that I was doing everything on until I hired my first guy and the only reason that I needed another guy was because it was taking me eight nine hours to do a three or four hour job because I was on the phone all day long dealing with stuff calling taking you know calls from owners scheduling stuff whatever it was troubleshooting this and that um you know and and then I needed a guy I needed I needed it was that that turning point of either I'm gonna stay where I'm at and kind of have eight to ten boats and just kind of chill or I'm gonna take this thing to the next level and you know it's so it's like never enough for me you know like I I I wanted to make the turn to you know because I knew something was there and it was going really well um and you know the guy that I hired was great he still works for me today he runs the entire uh you know Sag Harbor and Hampton's location we have a whole huge Fleet of boats up there um and this guy didn't know how to hold a deck brush you know and I taught him everything he knew he knows and and you know don't get me wrong he's learned a lot on the way from other technicians and people and stuff um you know but but uh I hired this guy and he was just a solid guy you know I gave him something to do I never had to think about it I always had a good attitude never said no um you know and now he's making of extremely good living and and you know really doing a great job and taking care of a whole location for me that I don't even have to talk to the clients other than to say hello and how you doing you um which is great and and I love that you know I love um watching uh you know some of these people grow and and move up in the ranks and you know that started as boat washers but now our managers or you know operations managers or service coordinators or whatever it is um you know I'm very big on promoting from within if you you know show up and you do a great job and you put in the extra time and the extra effort um and uh you know you work hard I'm I'm happy to to move people up you know and that's how I operate because I never nothing was ever really handed to me you um my family didn't help me out with the business you know they I I I tried you know I'm not gonna lie I was like Hey like you know can you throw me some clients or hey can you help me out or introduce me to somebody or whatever it was um but the answer was always no you know and I and now looking back on it I appreciate that because I had to do it on my own and work hard and work every single day and all day and night and put in all the time and effort um and it's really great and it's it's paid off pretty well but you know I I really pay attention to and appreciate the hard work of the team and and what they do um so some time went on and you know then I needed a captain or two you know to run the boats that I wasn't on um I ended up meeting a couple guys um at the uh boat show in Fort Lauderdale um you know in the early days and those guys still you know run with me and run boats for us you know all the time um you know super grateful for the captains and and the stews and all the crew members and everything I tell them that all the time I say it all the time you know um it's it's an extremely important part of the business um it's a it's a big important part of the industry right um and now we have such a great captain and crew Network that it's just like I I don't even know it's it's just the most amazing thing you know like I look on look back today and I'm just like this is amazing you know like these guys and and the the the men and women of the of the crew that that we have is just great at full control of your boat you felt safer eliminated the unknown and you were able to forecast and plan for your boat's upcoming maintenance instead of being caught off guard can you imagine knowing exactly what is installed on your boat down to the part and serial number on all of your standard and custom equipment at a moment's notice having instant access to your manuals while at Doc or at Sea and provide custom departure checklists specifically for your boat and your crew imagine insuring the safety of your vessels and passengers with instant access to send emergency alerts and being able to ensure the value and the pedigree of your boat with digital logs recording the full history of every event on your boat while you can with vessel Vanguard we are the leading maintenance and safety management software in the Marine industry we work with a wide range of marine industry experts including yacht owners captains Ferry and tugbo operators if you're looking to safeguard your assets and preserve your Revenue visit vesselvanguard.com and schedule a demonstration for yourself the link can be found in the show notes below we look forward to supporting you and your vessel soon yeah and and actually knowing what goes into the job itself is a huge part it's a big part of leadership right is actually understanding what the people on the ground are doing day to day yeah so then you're not asking things that are sometimes literally impossible because you're going to get requests from owners that are and you know exactly and and the thing is for me and I and I'd like to think that all my guys know this maybe the new guys not so much but I I try to remind them like I've done every single thing that anyone has ever done in this business that works for YMS I've done I've scheduled every Captain I've placed every crew member I've run every boat I've washed every boat I've cleaned all the engine rooms I've done all the strainers I've you know scheduled all the service I've I've done it all yeah you know I mean there's not one thing that I ask whether it's my assistant whether it's somebody doing an invoice whether it's one of the guys washing the boat whether it's a guy checking on something whether it's scheduling service service whatever it is that I haven't done you know yeah because there was a time where it was just me there was a time there was just me and one other guy and now we have you know a lot of employees and people and everything like that um you know and it's it's great but you know all of those things I either did on my own or or you know had one or two other people doing it alongside me so you know and I think that not only the captain Stu's you know all these people but you know even our direct team they know you know and and like tomorrow morning I'm going to train one of my one of my new guys to you know washing down you know it's cool I don't you know what I mean I'm not above anything you know what I mean whatever it takes just get the job done just get the job done you know we had a captain pull out of a uh um it was actually from here it was the boat was docked right there um it was a 58 Vanquish and um uh and uh the captain pulled out last minute like at 11 o'clock at night for a move-in for a boat show and uh and you know I had something important to do that next morning and that's why I got you know I placed this captain and he pulled out and you know I went and ran the boat to Palm Beach and put it in the boat show you know yeah um and uh you know and that's how I like to operate you know and and run things you know and when did you start the company 2018-ish and that's when you had I had the Zoolander in 2018. okay yeah damn okay so this is five years it's crazy yeah yeah all right so and yeah I see it on Instagram like pretty frequently you guys have another post like oh got another Vanquish see the Pardo's coming like hey got a new customer yeah I feel like I see like one every single day but yeah it's pretty frequently so what's what's that growth been like in a short period of time um no it's it's you know like I said it's all it's all been you know very organic right like you know we get uh and and for a while now we can take on you know a decent amount of boats without like really getting too flustered um with certain things um right now in the Hamptons it's it's absolutely nuts crazy super busy um down here we're busy but we're busy in other ways with a lot of service and stuff like that um but with growing you know like this I mean I knew you know I knew Boats were going to be coming in and I knew like I would you know talk to the Vanquish guys or whoever and I know like 10 I got 10 boats that are potentially going to be ours in the next six months like I need to hire a couple guys get them trained up and then you know go from there right and when it hits you and I think that you know being able to take on this many boats it's a little bit of uh what we talked about um you know the other day you got to be very organized very systematic very organized extremely scheduled and way out in front of everything um and don't get me wrong you know we fall short sometimes you know I'm not and I tell clients this when they're you know on the phone with me and we're talking about uh a management program but uh you know I I tell them look you know I'm a human and so are my guys and we're not perfect and we're perfect a lot of the time but we're not We're not gonna be perfect every single second of the way and sometimes I might make a mistake sometimes I'll probably drop the ball you know just because that's that's it and I'm not here to tell you that I'm the greatest thing to ever walk this Earth because I'm not you know and that's the approach that I take with everything not just in in business but in my life right and so you know growing to you know from 10 boats to 50 boats was pretty natural right like it was you know we just we just keep working we just keep going we just okay now we got to adjust all right now we got 25 boats we got to adjust from what we were doing at 10 boats 30 boats got to adjust from what we were doing at 25 boats right and it's sort of gone that way um you know and and then I got so busy in my own life that I needed help I needed like an assistant to just sort of handle some stuff for me and uh then I I put that in place right and then you know we needed a couple more Wash Guys and systems guys and stuff like that so we got them in place you know and then we promote from within this guy that I hired as as my first guy you know I I you know sort of empowered him and gave him an opportunity in the first season and uh in Sag Harbor where um sort of invited there uh by by a um you know a few people and uh that again gave us an opportunity and believed in us and I went up there with that you know my first guy's name is Mike um me and him ran the entire operation by ourselves just me and him and I had a guy down here sort of handling things I was also managing from there but you know we ran that whole show now he knows what he's supposed to do last season second season he went and did a phenomenal job so that was two years ago and then last season he ran everything so everything solo and then now this year again solo right okay uh so you're so basically when you get these new opportunities you're pretty much in the trenches to help suss out what's going on like going to a new market being how far is that 2 000 miles away from where your home base is yeah going out dealing with what's going on in Sag Harbor The Hamptons like you got to be on the ground to figure out yeah the base level and then you can kind of hand it off because you then you understand what's going on yeah you know I definitely um I don't think it was really intended that way um I didn't really think about it like that it seems to just happen and uh you know sorry of clients like calling and texting me so I didn't like go into it with that thought process okay I went there because I had to because I had to go make it happen okay because you know like Italian yacht group it's a you know really nice Boutique brokerage house here in Fort Lauderdale they also have an office there and the broker there uh Boomer you um gives us a lot of business right and he sold I don't know 25 boats in one summer and you know we delivered all of them and and he said hey I think you you do a good job up here and your services because we were taking care of some boats for his clients and stuff down here and he said uh what do you think about coming to The Hamptons I said I think that's a great idea and uh and you know we uh we hit the ground running and and you know and that's the deal um but I I didn't go there with the intention of all right I'm gonna train this guy I'm gonna get him ready so I don't have to go next summer I went up there because I needed to make sure that those clients and his clients and you know the Vanquish yachts and everybody else that was involved had exactly what they needed right and it just sort of worked out in the other direction where I didn't have to go back the next summer I also had my my daughter and all these different things um so you know I needed to spend some more time at home um and uh Mike's done a a really really uh great job um you know so that's kind of how it went I didn't I didn't like I said I didn't go up there to you know pass it off to somebody I went up there to handle business and get the job done and Mike and I watched every boat did everything I I ran a boat primarily up there the first season and you know for me I try to remain teachable right like I try to to learn right and and I'm I'm not a know it all and I'll tell you like I'm good enough to tell you when I'm not good enough right and and you know I would ask the other captains that have been there and all these other guys you know like hey can let's go for a run around on on one of these boats show me the places show me the things you know show me what to do not not to do whatever um so that way I don't look like an idiot when I'm out with like my client right yeah um and I've never been afraid to ask for help you know um you know I've asked I've asked everyone in my life for help one way or another whether it's you know guidance whether it's whatever you know even the guys we had a meeting this morning and I said if I'm not if I'm doing so if I can do something better for you or whatever it is let me know you know you guys are obviously doing a lot for me and you know whatever it is you know what I mean I'm always looking for a place to improve or you know ways to do better or you know and that's where I think a lot of this you know one to a hundred votes comes from you know asking for help asking for guidance what should I do you know how can I adjust this you know what where can we do better what process can we Implement that's better um you know what products can we use that are more efficient and better for the boats you know whatever it is right sure um but it's you know I I never took the approach of like I'm the man I know about all this look at me I got 30 something boats and I I know how to do this stuff it's never been my nature well it's super rare for that to happen and yachting you know there's not very many egos yeah right but so have you always kind of had that mindset or is this something that you've had to develop over time you know I uh I think it came with with owning the company you know and and and making the right decisions and learning to uh navigate situations accordingly right and and there's been a lot of times where you know I know that all these people that I do business with and and that I help or whatever it is they're not going to steer me in the wrong direction because it doesn't benefit them to steer me in the wrong direction right so you know I'd pick up the phone and say hey what do you think about this like what should we do like and and these are like also their clients I'm like hey sure just talking about it what do you think we're gonna we're gonna adjust this we're gonna change this what do you think about that you know and they're like I think it sounds like a great idea or they're like no it's a terrible idea and this is why and I'm like okay you know yeah um you know so that's that's always really been the approach but um for me um you know it's something that that that I have to practice right it's not something that uh that comes you know supernaturally you know and I have to watch myself and I have to you know see you know because everybody gets on their high horse a little bit if you don't then yeah I know that you are human you know but um and I gotta watch myself with that you know and and and I try to instill the same thing into my guys you know the guys that were washing boats that are now calling the shots and like kind of dial it down a little bit you know take it easy remember you know these guys are here we're all a team we're all here for each other just hired a corporate captain and like technician yesterday and I'm like whatever you need you know I'm here for you whatever you need me to do you know same goes for for for him um and uh and that's always the approach that I try to take to be helpful you know and and how can I help and how can I guide and what can I do to uh help the situation be a solution based person you um I try uh it's not a I'm not perfect at it uh I heard you on the phone before I mean it's that's how this goes but I it's like just for that example just without details it's there's situation that you're dealing with the customer call all but one of the things that actually is not blowing smoke but I was actually kind of impressed by just listening while I'm looking out at these boats you kind of had a sense of you knew what was going on with the entire situation you're basically coaching the client through the situation here's what we've done we did this we know this is going to be the cost here's how they can do it here's what this company is saying they're disputing here's what I'd recommend here's like a path that you can take and then hand it off to us once you get it here and we'll run with it there if that doesn't work we got these Solutions and we'll work it out it was very much like not uh now we're standing what do you want me to do yeah it's it's a it was just like hey we've got the solution boom boom boom here you go here's what's going on yeah and I mean that's that's the deal and you know don't get me wrong I'm gonna give my team a lot of credit for that because they did a lot of phone calls and back-end stuff before I got on the phone with the client um you know but a lot of a lot of the owners you know when you're a brand new boat owner you don't know you know how certain things work with like warranty or whatever it is right like you buy a brand new Pardo right that's not to say you know if your engine breaks down you know it's like with your car right like I buy a new car whatever it's under warranty great my engine something happens and I bring it right back to you know GMC or Ford or Mercedes-Benz or Porsche or whatever it is right so you know that's that's not how it works with boats right if your engine something then it's the engine manufacturer right if something happens during your generator it's the generator manufacturer and you know I try to steer the clients and sort of educate them um on how it works right like yeah no part o will 100 help you out Vanquish will 100 help you out purging all these guys with with doing that but what's going to happen is and this is at least to my understanding is that they're just going to call the dealer for you know Volvo Kohler come and Zone in MTU whatever it is um and get them out there they'll just facilitate it but it's not the Pardo technicians working on your engines it's the Volvo guys right sure um you know so it's the same situation with uh you know with the what I was just dealing with you know and sort of telling him no problem you know but this probably isn't going to be covered under warranty either way you're going to be spending you know x amount of dollars in a captain to bring the boat and the jet ski to wherever it needs to go plus them to come pick it up or you're gonna spend x amount of dollars which is going to end up being the same cost to have you know tow boat US grab your jet ski tow it to the boat ramp and take it out and get it done or me right if I have to go get a jet ski or a tender pull your boat somewhere get in my truck with my trailer haul it out and bring it somewhere still going to be around the same money so you know um but that's the situation right like um we're here to help and advise and do do what you need us to do yeah solve problems like actually give that expert Insight because if they don't know like there's so many moving Parts with all this stuff and like I said it doesn't work the same way so having somebody can actually guide you through it's pretty critical yeah yeah and you know and that's what we're here for right and and yes we're here to maintain the boat we're here to fix things we're here to troubleshoot and wash and detail and do the daily and weekly maintenance and checking and all these other things but we're also here to sort of educate as well uh you know when the time is right like I'm not I'm never going to tell somebody like this is why you're wrong you know yeah um but more the approach of like how can I help you know you understand how this works or whatever it is um because you know for me like I don't know you know like I I wouldn't know if I like just now ever you know had a yacht in my life and it was my first boat that's a three million dollar whatever it is with all these super crazy Advanced Systems and Technology and stuff I I I'd want to get a rundown sort of on on how things go yeah um but we're like I said you know we're we're here to help and advise and and do our direct job of managing and maintaining the boat but I learned early on don't get on the phone until you have a solution um I got chewed out a lot of times you know and one of my clients a long time ago said listen like just some advice don't pick up the phone and call me it wasn't like being like mean about it he was just like you know don't call me until like you have a solution in place because like the problem great but what what are you going to do moving forward right so you that's just uh it's one of those business lessons that you pick up because you're dealing with business people a lot of times yeah yeah they all are and and you know um and they get it you know what I mean you know it's it's a it's a treacherous game because you know it's the toy that they want to have fun with and all this um and we do every single thing possible that I can to make sure that that the toy is working and operating the right way when they want to use it you know what I mean yeah um there's been countless times I've personally been on boats till two o'clock in the morning trying to figure stuff out and you know even my team my guys you know we're this is a we do whatever it takes at all costs no matter what operation right um and uh and that's the deal for us you know there's there's you know I'm sure other companies or people out there that are kind of like nine to five and you know we're not working on the weekends unless it's like a dire emergency and stuff like that it's just not how we operate yeah well one of the things we talked about yesterday too was just uh like attention to detail so you were saying early on from the beginning you'd have like sheets with people's info names like how they like the boat set up yeah info about preferences like who their family is and things like that why was that a key part for you well it goes back to like having a lot of votes right like you you have to have um and I I want to say my my fiance like taught me this because like you know whatever but she said she said uh you know you gotta write things down like you have to like you know she's a business major and you know smart woman and and and she's like this is like how you should do this right and again like I'm a t i feel like I'm a teachable guy and I'll take your advice and if it works out great if it doesn't then it is what it is yeah um and so you know I would always when you have a lot of boats you can't just always like go to the boat or be on the boat because you might be I might be in West Palm Beach on a boat doing something and I have something going on in Miami you know and I need to be able to you know look in my phone quick and or call some one of my team members and say I need this information right now I'm on the phone with diesel services America or Jazz marine or what or whoever uh you know whatever technician or Vanquish or Pardo or whoever these people are and say you know here's the serial number here's the model number this is what's happening this is the code that it threw this is this this is that so that way we can expedite the time of of repair or uh getting them to the boat or addressing something or when I get on the phone with the client I have that solution I know what's going on um you know and I have the rundown of of you know the entire uh you know machine or whatever it is whether it's the engines whether it's you know whatever's going on right um so you know documenting that stuff is always extremely important and keeping it somewhere that's at your fingertips that you can have right away yeah um you know when when I had three boats not so big of a deal yeah whatever because I was there you know most of the time yeah it'd be nice to go on my phone and take a look you know whatever but I was normally like there or right down the street or on the boat already and you know if I was on the phone with somebody's hold on one second go in the engine room you know get the part number the the serial or model number whatever it is and and see you later you know but um I think as and this is just for me and my business and life you know as we grow and and approach a hundred boats um you have to be super super on top of things all the time right because there's a lot more room for failure and a lot more room to you know make a mistake or miss something or forget something or um you know and so when we have that information right there in our phone and every single person that's involved with any sort of calling scheduling organizing whatever has that same information it makes our our life a lot easier and and not only that on the other side of it it makes you know for a quicker repair time or whatever else a lot of the time um you know which you know filters into our level of service and how we care for boats and what we do and our brand and all that right so you know I think digitizing things is super important especially now that we have that technology you know yeah uh 20 30 years ago you know wasn't really an option no we're writing around writing down in notebooks yeah and we have we do we have we have on every single boat we have we have a hard copy like checklists and logs and stuff like that now all that stuff with you know like vessel Vanguard turning into the to you know something that's a little easier to use you always have on you um and that you can access anytime anywhere and and have that information yeah and you start working from the same source of data it's not hey uh well somebody's got this log book and then well can you take me can you send a picture of that and then send it over and then we'll we'll get back to you because and the difference with that too or tell me if I'm wrong on this but the difference between having that info is the difference between that solution for the customer right of hey I know what what part what make model serial number everything is on the boat I'm going to call whoever I need to call service rep whoever it might be figure out the solution I have it scheduled here's the info here's the the dimensions of this here are the hoses here's everything when can you be there I can be there tomorrow morning perfect get that scheduled and then when you call that's the conversation versus hey we know that there's an issue I'm going to send somebody out there now they're going to find out and then I'll call you back in three hours and let you know what the solution is right then and then that guy won't be able to get there until the next day or two days later and they might even have to come back out to the boat to do another measurement or you had the wrong part number or serial number whatever it might be and now we got to order this so the process can go from a quick couple three minutes yeah two weeks exactly yeah yeah I mean uh you know just being proficient and and efficient with things is is good you know you have to look you have to know what you're writing down and you have to understand it and you also have to know you know and and and be able to have that stuff readily available at all times yeah for sure and that helps us with uh you know with the scaling of having this many boats right it's it's it's crazy as it is you know what I mean um and and you know going back to the detail of things right like you know we're we're we provide a service that's so specific to the client that it's like we have to be like I said and very organized you know have everything written down um you know the setups all these you know we're buying the specific brand of water and the specific size water bottle for our clients like you know what I mean times you know right now over 80 votes you have to have these things written down you you you know you won't be able to accomplish it successfully if it's not right um there's just no possible way there's no one person in this world that'll be able to nail it every single time without having something written down you know even even just the little stuff and like I was I was explaining to my guys you know every single thing when it comes to a boat and this is my opinion and again I could be like completely wrong but to me every single thing on a yacht and in yachting is important every single thing what do you mean from you know the way the boat performs how it runs how it looks how it feels how it smells all these different things right so if my engines don't run but my boat's perfectly washed great what what's the point right if my if my you know engines and all my systems are dialed in perfect Flawless running perfect RPMs all these different things and everything is good but the boat's a complete disaster trash mess what's the point right so all of these things have to come together you know and and that's where where a lot of my focus always has been but really is now right with dealing with this many boats every single thing is on a service schedule every single thing is getting looked at every single thing is getting you know some sort of attention whatever it is go in the engine room look around check this check that run this you know um on top of the way the metal is polished on top of the way you know I mean I walk on boats and I've trained my team you know every water bottle needs to be facing the same direction every single thing needs to be when you open something up it needs to look perfectly organized you know because what happens if an owner walks on a boat and you know yeah it's washed really nice you open the refrigerator and there's like nasty food and old drinks and stuff in there the you know yachting is a very like luxurious prestigious thing you know it's not and and the idea when I started YMS was to bring in the 150 200 foot yacht um sort of atmosphere and everything into the 40 and 50 foot boats you know like I guarantee you if you walked out there on that boat right now and opened up their refrigerator and in the galley or wherever or on Deck everything is perfect yeah you know um and that's that's always been the idea uh for me right um you know the way the towels are rolled the way that you know like I just you heard me on the phone make sure that the towels the owner said I want the towels washed the way that it it's laid out on the tag you know what I mean so that's like what we're catering to it's not just like oh willy-nilly I'm gonna go wash the towel see you later bring them back to the boat you know it's it's very like you know organized and and all of that and like I said sometimes we drop the ball you know sometimes and uh and that's gonna happen it's gonna happen to anybody I don't care if you have one boat or a thousand votes it's gonna happen but if you got these systems in place you mitigate that oh yeah yeah yeah we we definitely lessened the room for failure for sure um by staying organized by having I have videos in my phone of how the owners want the boat set up and I have clients that are like I don't care just uncover it and I have clients that are like I want three towels here three towels here you know these Waters in this refrigerator these beers in this refrigerator you know this is the what needs to go these are the towels for the bathroom these are the towels for the exterior you know stuff like that that are all extremely specific I want this ice bucket with this bottle of wine in it when like we were talking about when I arrived to the boat this is how we want and and rightfully so right like we just spent all this money on this boat you pay a lot of money for a management and you know service team and you know you want things that way right um and that's who we cater to right but like I said I have some clients that are just like oh I didn't know you'll uncover my boat for me I'm like yeah just you know let us know we'll be there that's right and um you know uh and we we have to cater to all these different personalities right so by having things written down by having things organized on spreadsheets or schedules or you know software like yours um you know it helps us you know not fail at what we're doing while also making our job in our life a little bit easier along the way right but the most important thing above all is is you know client happiness customer service yeah and stuff like that you know that's why I've been on right yeah just getting things done because it had I have to because I'm for me it's you know I've always said this the success of YMS and and you know the my clients happiness is like life or death for me it's not a game it's not a a little whatever thing it's it's not even a numbers game it's this is I I it needs to succeed or or no good you know yeah um and that's just how that's how I'm I guess I'm wired I don't know but you know that's that's how we've uh that's how I've done it nice well and one of the last things I wanted to talk to you about was this trend towards some of these smaller Yachts the 40 50 foot yachts versus some of these Goliath guys that we're looking out here yeah more so what what's your what's your thoughts on that Trend yeah like we were talking about a little bit the other day I see like a lot of my clients who you know we have a lot of extremely wealthy clients that you know can have you know very big yachts and 150 200 Footers 90 Footers 80 Footers all these things and what I've seen is you know a lot of these people like the client I was just with right he literally just said to me he's like yeah like this is the idea behind having this boat you know I want to be able to just hop on and like go for a cruise with my kids and just hang out and like you know not really have to like have a whole captain and crew and five stewardesses and you know a deckhand and all these first mates and all this stuff um and just to be able to kind of just go cruise around and and spend some private time with like my family and um and I think that a lot you know I think that there's that aspect of it and I think that there's also the you know aggravation aspect of it you know when you're dealing with a smaller boat with less options you know less TVs less nav systems less uh you know ice makers less refrigerators less things that less generators less things that break on boats it's it's a peace of mind thing right and a lot of these guys with you know like the the higher end boats like Vanquish Pardo stuff like that um you know are able to accomplish the same thing that they would on a 80 or 90 foot boat you know and like like I said when we were talking like I'm all for a big yacht I think it's an amazing thing having a jacuzzi in this and big huge stateroom and it's nice and you're sleeping on it and you got a you know big family or a lot of friends or something like that I think it's a an amazing idea right um but there's a lot that goes with that right it's um it's like having a business it's like having another business right you have to deal with the people like your crew you have to you know have payroll you have to have all these different things compliance stuff certain stuff like that um I'm not like a big boat guy I don't try to be but there's there's a lot that goes into that when you can accomplish really the same thing like dinner at Sea spice anchoring at Nixon playing around running around on c-bobs you know whatever the case is having food on board you know and 10 people on board you can do that same exact thing on a 50 Pardo a 58 Vanquish a 45 Vanquish a 43 Pardo uh you know 47 Intrepid stuff like that you know uh you know we have a bunch of uh 47 asthma verbs right like you know they they offer that boat offers TV cooktop ice makers all these different things uh you know a bunch of refrigeration um Sun pads all this stuff that you know a hundred foot yacht offers you know it's obviously a lot smaller a lot more you know uh condensed but um that's that's that's just my opinion and what I'm seeing right like you know I just don't see like a lot of these guys that that can have these huge Yachts a lot of them it's like you know they they it's like cars for them or something like they like to go out and drive it themselves they're like learning about it they like you know understanding the systems like I got a client that just took delivery of a boat two weeks ago I've read the whole owner's manual front to back hmm like you know what I mean like probably knows more about the boat than uh the manufacturer right like it's you know so um you know it's that's just the direction that I'm seeing things go um and and maybe it's just in my direct Fleet and in my clients maybe um you know but it seems it seems to be that a lot of these these uh owners are starting to sort of get away from the bigger Yachts you know um you know I have clients that we just did a trip but I had a captain and crew go over to um the Bahamas for a week on a on a 58 Vanquish and you know they slept in like this nice vill like the owner slept in this huge nice Villa and like all these different things like you know I have clients that have 80 foot boats that don't even sleep on them right she it's like either take the 80 footer or 100 footer versus the 58 and if you're gonna take it there and you're gonna sleep in a villa or do anything like that you have your boat there you go boating all day whatever snorkel dive hang out chill whatever come back and you're going back to your hotel room you know yeah but like I said I have I have uh you know I've had and had I've had and had clients that you know have big boats and love it and sleep on them and have their families and do big trips and all these different things and I think that's amazing and I think that it just goes with like the program of the boat you know like what you're doing where you're going stuff like that but you know just seems to be that people are going towards the the higher end smaller day boats you know more so than ever I don't know if it's a trend or whatever but but uh you know I think it's a good idea you know it's cool it's a lot less stress less hassle less stuff A lot of times cheaper you know things like that plus you you still have a beautiful yacht you know that's awesome um it's just not a 90-foot you know San Lorenzo or whatever yeah so well you can even use them as tenders and actually when we were here filming another interview right there was I don't know it was that it was at least an 80-footer with uh a Vanquish as the tender I'm not sure what size Vanquish but you're sitting right there and you can even use it as a tender I mean and they're they're beautiful yeah like when they're polished up those are slick looking boats yeah yeah they're fun and I'm I'm super grateful because you know we we have such a great relationship with them um you know and we have a new amazing relationship with part of Yachts Miami as well um you know but we we get like the nicest stuff you know we get the the coolest newest you know stuff you know we have we have Wally's we have other stuff you know and and all of our boats you know we've hit like this little uh you know space in the market that um you know we start with a lot of brand new boats right and it's it's great you know a lot of the boats that we have today we've gotten since brand new that are four or five years old you know um and uh and it's awesome you know like seeing like we get excited it's like new it's like Christmas like yeah presents you know coming you know we got I got 20 about 20 boats that are getting delivered between now and the end of the year um you know vanquishes part of stuff like that a bunch of 58's coming in um and uh and it's cool to see like the little changes and the new stuff they do I'm actually going to be going to the factory this summer um you know to see how it all goes down but you know it's cool to see like all the new like little things they're doing like you know just the little stuff like you know oh they added like this carbon fiber deck shower now it's like you know um you know just a little stuff like that it's really cool and um you know learning some of the new systems like when they switch from Raymarine to Garmin and how how that all like sort of works you know and um with their you know cert like their software for the boat uh how you know turning lights on turning pumps on things like that um you know it's it's exciting right and I try to remember that you know um because we could very well be working on you know 15 20 year old stuff that's just kind of like yeah you know um but we're fortunate enough and I'm super grateful to be uh involved with these companies and and being able to you know handle the brand new cool you know uh you know fun toys you know um it's it's it's awesome you know it's great yeah you know well dude thanks for coming and doing this I appreciate it yeah no problem before we wrap up um is there anything else that you want to touch on not really no I think we uh we nailed it nice and uh where can people get a hold of you whether it's Instagram or reach out to you if they want to work with you yeah our Instagram's real big uh definitely Instagram it's YMS underscore FL um my personal number is 754-465-2913 um and then uh you know on Instagram there's you know the link and everything will take you to the website uh yeah mgtservices.com um and uh you know our emails on there as well so um you know pretty pretty easy to reach yeah sweet so and we'll put it in the show notes and everything too but I appreciate it thanks for doing this man definitely awesome thanks for having me thank you

  Top Comments:
  1. @Frank-ye1ol [1 likes]: Interesting, I am thinking of expanding my Diving Business to do "Total Boat Maintenance". Great Job!

- The Real Cost of Owning a Yacht 🛥 | Dan Henry: Kind: captions Language: en What is the real cost of owning a yacht&nbsp;&nbsp; from an owner's perspective that's what i'm&nbsp; going to cover in today's video and if you&nbsp;&nbsp; like videos like this be sure to subscribe&nbsp; to my channel as i release them every week hey everybody it's Dan Henry here and i thought i&nbsp; would do a video today on the real cost of owning&nbsp;&nbsp; a yacht and this is not going to be from somebody&nbsp; who is a yacht broker or a crew member or somebody&nbsp;&nbsp; who wants to sell you a yacht this is somebody&nbsp; who is a self-made millionaire by 30 who went&nbsp;&nbsp; out bought a yacht didn't know much about owning&nbsp; yachts didn't know really much about the cost&nbsp;&nbsp; owns the thing and now sees all the bills coming&nbsp; in i thought i would do this video to give you a&nbsp;&nbsp; real true real perspective of what it cost so the&nbsp; first thing is there's an equation that my captain&nbsp;&nbsp; told me you basically take the brand new cost of&nbsp; the whatever the cost not the cost of of the used&nbsp;&nbsp; price if you buy it used but the cost of it&nbsp; being new and you say it's at least going to be&nbsp;&nbsp; 10 of that cost yearly so if you have a you know&nbsp; one million dollar yacht it's probably going to&nbsp;&nbsp; be about 100 000 a year to maintain it these are&nbsp; equations that you know you can you can try to&nbsp;&nbsp; guess but let me tell you some real numbers so&nbsp; when i first bought the yacht the first thing is&nbsp;&nbsp; the cost of fuel the cost of fuel is huge i spent&nbsp; about eight thousand dollars on a two week trip&nbsp;&nbsp; bombing around the bahamas the fuel cost really&nbsp; depends on how much you use it where you take it&nbsp;&nbsp; you definitely want to leave it in one place and&nbsp; try to just kind of bomb around where you're at&nbsp;&nbsp; if you take it from place to place that's when the&nbsp; fuel cost really adds up it costs several thousand&nbsp;&nbsp; dollars for me to bring it from fort lauderdale&nbsp; all the way up to st pete and it still has to go&nbsp;&nbsp; back there and and over to the bahamas for charter&nbsp; season the other thing is things break daily in&nbsp;&nbsp; fact let me just show you this right here this&nbsp; is a docking controller and joystick so when the&nbsp;&nbsp; captain docks he doesn't do it from the bridge&nbsp; he comes down here he uses this little joystick&nbsp;&nbsp; and he docks it well this joystick started to&nbsp; stick a couple weeks ago and i can't have him&nbsp;&nbsp; not fix this because if he accidentally crashes&nbsp; the boat because this isn't fixed that's going to&nbsp;&nbsp; cost me a ton of money in order to fix this teeny&nbsp; tiny little joystick it is 25 hundred dollars&nbsp;&nbsp; to fix that little joystick but i'll tell you this&nbsp; if the boat crashes it's gonna be a lot more than&nbsp;&nbsp; twenty five hundred dollars so things like that&nbsp; break all the time a thousand dollars here 2500&nbsp;&nbsp; there etc here's another thing this boat and&nbsp; i'll show you this right here look on the&nbsp;&nbsp; side see all that that fiberglass see all that&nbsp; that area that has to be maintained and cleaned&nbsp;&nbsp; that all has to be polished okay because when&nbsp; the salt water hits it if it's not polished the&nbsp;&nbsp; dirt the salt water hits it it's not going&nbsp; to run down the side of the boat it's going&nbsp;&nbsp; to stick to the boat it's going to eat at the&nbsp; boat so it has to be polished well i'm having&nbsp;&nbsp; somebody come to this dock next week 12 000 just&nbsp; to polish this boat 12 grand i could go on and on&nbsp;&nbsp; about the expenses of the boat but just know that&nbsp; roughly this particular boat which is a horizon pc&nbsp;&nbsp; 60 roughly between 20 and 30 thousand dollars a&nbsp; month in order to maintain it fully that includes&nbsp;&nbsp; things breaking that includes dockage uh we spent&nbsp; five to eight hundred dollars a night in standup&nbsp;&nbsp; key highborne k in the bahamas so just to roll&nbsp; up to those docks and dock it literally costs 500&nbsp;&nbsp; 800 maybe 300 depending uh this stock that we're&nbsp; at here in saint pete is 3 000 a month as well you&nbsp;&nbsp; have the cost of crew my crew cost about 10 000 a&nbsp; month i've got to pay their health insurance i've&nbsp;&nbsp; got to pay for you know a lot of little teeny tiny&nbsp; things uh but i would say out of out of a 30 000&nbsp;&nbsp; bill per month you have maybe 10 000 for the crew&nbsp; 10 to 15 000 in maintenance and the other 5 000&nbsp;&nbsp; to ten thousand in you know things like fuel&nbsp; and in little little small things licenses&nbsp;&nbsp; docking fees stuff like that and of course&nbsp; the more you use it the more it goes up so&nbsp;&nbsp; that's why it's important to make money with&nbsp; the boat very few people just buy a boat like&nbsp;&nbsp; this i mean you have to be super rich now&nbsp; listen i've i've built some amazing wealth&nbsp;&nbsp; my company getclients.com has really blown&nbsp; up it's become an eight-figure company and&nbsp;&nbsp; and that's because we're very good at what&nbsp; we do we help people build online businesses&nbsp;&nbsp; we help people get clients sell their&nbsp; products and services sell their advice online&nbsp;&nbsp; and you can check out getclients.com if you'd like&nbsp; to learn how i help people build wealth and build&nbsp;&nbsp; businesses but you know even with an eight-figure&nbsp; company i still would not just own this boat and&nbsp;&nbsp; let it sit i put this boat to work i do business&nbsp; consulting on the boat i do private charters&nbsp;&nbsp; to help break even on the boat for sure&nbsp; plus there's some tax stuff we did for the&nbsp;&nbsp; boat i'll do a separate video where i talk&nbsp; about how to have a yacht pay for itself&nbsp;&nbsp; um but that's completely separate video so the&nbsp; point here is that these boats cost a lot and in&nbsp;&nbsp; order to pay for that you have to have the boat&nbsp; working and even then you're barely going to&nbsp;&nbsp; break even and that's why i've used some pretty&nbsp; alternative hacks per se to making this boat&nbsp;&nbsp; in the profit zone and not just breaking even&nbsp; or losing or bleeding a little bit of money&nbsp;&nbsp; and again i'll do a separate video on that so if&nbsp; you enjoyed this video don't forget to subscribe&nbsp;&nbsp; but you know keep in mind that these boats are&nbsp; going to be a lot more expensive than you think&nbsp;&nbsp; always add another zero when it comes to boats&nbsp; especially boats this size that's an old saying&nbsp;&nbsp; always add another zero because it's gonna cost&nbsp; more than you think in fuel in dockage in um in&nbsp;&nbsp; all that and what i'll do is in the comments or&nbsp; sorry in the description below so that you can get&nbsp;&nbsp; some real hard numbers i'm going to put a list of&nbsp; just one month of what it costs to maintain this&nbsp;&nbsp; boat i'll break it down by crew cost i'll break&nbsp; it down by you know the dockage and the different&nbsp;&nbsp; things that broke and all that it's hard for me&nbsp; to do that in this video because i really got to&nbsp;&nbsp; sit down with my captain and and map everything&nbsp; out and calculate everything but i'll put that&nbsp;&nbsp; in the description below so you guys can check&nbsp; out an actual hard cost of what say last month&nbsp;&nbsp; looked like for this boat alright don't forget to&nbsp; subscribe and i'll see you guys in the next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @LEEMAN-X [3 likes]: Welp...it looks like I WILL NOT be owning a Yacht any time soon..lmao
  2. @marygwaithaka6902 [3 likes]: Looking forward to seeing how you get the boat to be an asset. Thanks Dan.
  3. @darbyohara [1 likes]: Ok now do an analysis with:

No crew (owner/operator)
Harbor in the Great Lakes (avoid salt water damage and significantly lower slip fees)
  4. @HelloHello-yb1rl [1 likes]: Ahh, I was going to retire to a yacht before watching this FML.
  5. @DanHenry: 👉 Join the Epic Pitch Challenge: https://epicpitch.com?sl=What_is_The_Real_Cost_of_Owning_a_Yacht&htrafficsource=youtube
  6. @rvfinder7997: Much appreciated
  7. @KevinStClair-ln5ir: Once you’re an experienced owner, you can learn how to get many of those costs down. Or…you can ask me how. 30 years of experience doing this for superyacht owners. There’s a better way.
  8. @homerjsimpson2118: 2500 to fix the joystick. 😂😂😂😂😂😂only reason for your prices is because you have ZERO idea of what you are doing.
  9. @zainfadhil2588: Depends on many factors, most importantly the size. I would definitely start with a size I can drive myself .. max 45ft and I wouldn't take it for long trips for sure. Its an expensive hobby, but if you have the money, dont think twice. Enjoy every second!
  10. @JT_Dudeman4250: It cost you so much because you do nothing yourself to maintain it. That joystick is surely expensive but could be easily replaced in 10 minutes if you did it yourself. $12k for polishing???? lmfao you're getting hosed. It's like when a woman takes their car to a shady mechanic and they say the flux capacitor is going bad, she has no clue that's not a real thing and pays an exorbitant amount to have her alternator replaced. lol
  11. @DanHenry: 👉 👉 👉This pitch made me $32,000,000 (steal it)  
https://youtu.be/wnet3Heur4c
  12. @MohaLeefr: It's 10% of original value of yatch or actually value of yatch ?
  13. @DanHenry: 👉 Want to learn the easiest business model to start right now? https://aifreelancer.com/yt
  14. @shopcrate5687: Ok forget about the boat what do you do for a living? that's the real question
  15. @mr.miyagi5474: Absolutely idiotic thing to do unless you literally have money to burn. Smarter to make friends with the owner or just rent one.
  16. @carlisburns9830: Sure.  If you have the money....have a crew, have someone clean it, etc....
  17. @smartman123: u have very nice strong personality
  18. @paullemire4973: Question - what was the original price to purchase the boat ?? Did you buy new or used ?? Thanks
  19. @mortgagemanuel: $53.4k per mo is $641k per yr.. 
Based on $2m purchase.. expenses running 32% purchase price
  20. @beachbumnz: Thanks Dan , great video! (Awesome boat by the way!!)  I know a bit about boats and I know how expensive they can be to run and maintain but what really surprised me in your video was the cost of polishing! 
How do you make a small fortune?  Take a big fortune and but a big boat! lol

- The REAL PRICE of Owning a Yacht: Kind: captions Language: en Holloway lacks ears a welcome back today we invite you aboard your own luxury private yacht and we'll sail through exactly what you need to start saving to fulfill your ambition of being a captain of your own vessel welcome to a luxe calm the place where future billionaires come to get inspired so grab a hold of the rails and let's go test the waters number one the price of yachts varies Avast Lee an entry-level yacht can cost around $100,000 and the most expensive yacht to date is the Eclipse valued between 700 million and 1.5 billion dollars if you want to be mingling with the high rollers though you'll need to drop at least 20 million dollars on a private yacht like Tiger Woods did when he bought his one hundred and fifty five foot yacht privacy the general rule of thumb is you'll need to put aside ten percent of the cost of the yacht to ensure it's kept running at its optimum each year so in the case of Tiger Woods yacht privacy the additional cost per year would be in the region of two million dollars these costs would vary greatly depending on the purchase price where the yacht is docked how often it's being used the length of the yacht and how old the yacht is as well as what upgrades you've invested in number two registration fees need to be considered these fees can differ depending on the country or state you registering your yacht in international registries will charge the following for a yacht that's 24 meters or 78 feet or less in length in this case a one-off registration fee of five hundred and fifty dollars and then an annual tonnage tax of 750 dollars needs to be paid if the yacht measures more than 24 meters the registration fee is $1500 and the gross tonnage fee of up to 399 tons is seven hundred and fifty dollars four hundred to nine hundred and ninety nine tons is $1,000 and 1012 hundred and fifty dollars and choosing the earth's flag state is a very important decision because that flag state holds the jurisdiction over that specific yacht and in tax obligations privacy regulations liability in international waters and whether the yacht can be used for commercial endeavors number three your yacht needs a place to rest its head where you store your yacht will greatly influence your annual cost if you want people to see you on your pricey yacht then you best choose to berth yours at a desirable location some of the pricier marinas are Marina del Capri in Italy which can only accommodate 10 super yachts at a time but you can expect to pay around 3300 dollars a day to dock your super yacht there if that's out of your budget you could opt for a port to can france which will cost you in the region of 770 dollars a day there are plenty of marina maps available to help you decide the best place to moor your super yacht a less desirable marina would cost roughly $1,200 a month but your additional mooring fees would be incurred when you used your yacht for its intended purposes travelling the globe some marinas fees also consider length and width of your super yacht so expect some fluctuations there as well number four your yacht and your toys will need fuel budgeting your annual fees for fuel can be tricky each yacht is different and the way each yacht is handled is also different if you're cruising at around 8 to 10 knots your fuel usage will be lower than someone going at a faster speed let's assume you have a 60-foot yacht which can hold 1,200 gallons of fuel and the current average price of fuel is roughly two dollars fifty cents a gallon your yacht will cost three thousand dollars to fill out your fuel costs will fluctuate depending on how often you're in the water and also where you're filling up for example the average fuel price in France is roughly four dollars a gallon and in South Africa it's roughly $3 30 cents number five regular wear and tear needs to be factored in like any vehicle purchased regular wear and tear is par for the course to ensure longevity of your yacht regular maintenance is imperative experts estimate that maintenance will be around two percent of the boat's value in the first year and around 7.5% if the yacht is ten years and older your yacht needs to be washed and cleaned every two weeks the bottom of the boat needs to be scrubbed once a month your systems need to be checked regularly every three to six months your yacht should be waxed and every 12 to 24 months you need to repaint the bottom of your boat as the paint layers thin quickly and deteriorate expect to pay around $50 a foot for giving the hull a fresh coat of paint periodic refits are also to be expected you want to look the part all the time so when your yacht is looking a little tired you might want to consider refitting her to the former glory of giving her a much-needed facelift again these expenses can be as high as you're willing to go engines also wear out over time and equipment will need upgrading however there is a way to recoup some of your costs and will tell you how a bit later number six a yacht can't sail all by itself and unless you're able to captain your own ship you'll need a crew on board to do that job for you a 115 foot yacht would need a captain a mate two stewardesses and a chef the salary for each crew member will also fluctuate depending on the size of the yacht the yacht crew salary guide for 2019 recommended the following salaries for yachts measuring between 70 to 100 feet on a yearly basis the captain between sixty-five thousand and one hundred and ten thousand dollars a chef between thirty six thousand two fifty two thousand dollars and a stewardess between thirty to forty eight thousand dollars and if you don't meet your crew full-time you'll need to pay them a daily rate which will be roughly the following on a yacht of the same size the captain between three hundred and three hundred and seventy five dollars a day the chef between 200 to 250 and the stewardess between 175 to 250 dollars a day over and above their salary your crew will need food uniforms transport on board expenses such as linen soap laundry services and so forth if your crew has been with you for a few months you're also liable for their dental and health insurance and full-time crews need four to six weeks of paid holidays each year number seven fine dining is expected on your yacht and these costs can be vastly different if you're hosting parties with canapes and fine champagne your budget will be substantially larger than someone who's making a family tray lasagna with a few beers and a bucket of ice your crew will also need to eat so their dietary requirements need to be taken care of too on a super yacht it's estimated the food beverages and flowers can cost the owner between one and three million dollars a year and if you like to throw the occasional party remember to factor in a deejay decor extra drinks and staff to keep your guests 100% satisfied number eight insurance is non-negotiable your yacht won't be allowed to sail without it the annual insurance fees will be influenced by a few factors including where you keep the yacht the size of the vessel and of course the amenities on board stacks insurance brokerage have been insuring yachts for years and they estimate that a 60-foot yacht insured in the Northeast will cost between 6,000 and 8,000 dollars a year but some will insure the same yacht in Florida and the rate increases between 10,000 and 12,000 dollars and that's only if the yacht is used for private use if you intend to charter it the costs will rise substantially now that you're getting a good feel for the real price of owning a yacht have a look at our video the top 10 most expensive yachts in the world to get a bigger picture of what these billionaires are paying for their luxury vessels number 9 communication is key when you're out in the open waters you need to ensure your communication systems are functioning perfectly a temporary Authority ship radio station license is $100 and a full term ship radio station license is 200 over and above that most modern yachts have high-tech navigational electronics air conditioning satellite TV Wi-Fi 24 hour video and water purification systems in place these all need to be maintained and many will have monthly fees which like other things will vary depending on location number 10 safety is paramount every yacht must have life jackets on board throwable floatation devices fire extinguishers visual signaling devices and sound signalling devices lifejackets can cost anywhere from $12 right up to 350 dollars plus if you have a yacht that has space for 50 crew members and 30 guests and were opting for the priciest brand of lifejacket that's a total of 28 thousand dollars number 11 pirates are always a safety issue yacht owners have to be constantly thinking of new ways to protect their guests crew and assets and all of these are costly endeavors again this cost can fluctuate and you can either use the services of a company that specializes in yacht protection or you can try and do it yourself there are many options when it comes to anti pirate technology or ATP for starters you could purchase a long range acoustic device this non-lethal device uses pain inducing sound beams to release a sound that is unbearable for humans but it won't come cheap for a basic handheld model you can expect to pay roughly $5,000 and the more expensive models can range from 100,000 to 190,000 dollars number 12 yachting is not complete without some toys we recommend a few jet skis canoes stand-up paddle boards perhaps a small tugboat and possibly even a small submarine the sea Majan submersible is designed to be launched from yachts and ranges from 1 million to 3 million dollars in price don't forget your water skis diving gear a couple of surfboards and body boards all of which are needed to ensure that your yacht is the coveted sea vessel that others aspire to own number 13 is owning a yacht a good investment in short no from the moment your brand-new yacht enters the water it loses value others may argue that anyone owning a yacht no it's not a financial investment but rather an investment in status and respect number-14 try before you buy a piece of sound advice from the experts is to give yachting a try before purchasing your own seek the help of a charter broker and go to look at various yachts available step inside them feel them out and if possible charter them for a few days head to a local Boat Show and ask a variety of people the same questions and make a judgement call from their respective answers after you've done all of your research sleep on it and if you still think it's for you you know you've made the right decision you might also consider sharing the costs with a friend and splitting the use of the yacht a great way to still enjoy your time on the water without all the heavy burden of the cost yourself number fifteen there is a way of recouping some of your financial outlay if you look into chartering your yacht do note though that marine regulations have a limit on how many passengers you can have on board so you can't rent out your yacht and cram it full of travelers to attempt to make a quick buck the limit is between 12 and 36 passengers regardless of how large the yacht is however it's been noted that when the guest list is higher than 12 it's not technically classified as a charter anymore but rather a passenger ship there's also stiff competition when it comes to chartering so you need to make sure your yacht stands out things like a Jacuzzi VSAT connection and water toys are non-negotiable other factors which will affect the amount you can charge include the size and age of the yacht the season the size of the crew and the destination and if this sounds like it's for you the average weekly rate for a motor yacht of over 150 feet is between 150,000 to $500,000 Handel Xers that's a wrap on the real price of owning a yacht but before you go we're curious would you prefer to charter a yacht or make the investment and purchase your own let us know your thoughts in the comments below and of course we're sticking with us until the end here's your bonus Alessandro de Benedetto earned the nickname the crazy Italian for a reason he sailed around the world in a 21-foot boat making it the smallest boat to achieve this feat he pleaded the journey in 268 days and 19 hours thank you for spending some time with us a Luxor's make sure to LIKE and subscribe so you never miss another video we also hand-picked these videos which we recommend you watch next you can talk to us on all social medias or ask a question on our website Alex calm thank you for being an a lexer and we'll see you back tomorrow

  Top Comments:
  1. @alux [32 likes]: Hello Aluxers! Would you prefer to charter a yacht or make the investment and purchase your own yacht?

Mind Mastery: https://www.alux.com/mindmastery
Get a free audiobook thanks to Audible: https://www.alux.com/freebook
Thanks to our friends at Audible!
Top 10 MOST EXPENSIVE Yachts in The World | 2020: http://y2u.be/9e_UXK9FqSI
  2. @willgarciazapanta [14 likes]: Every vehicle whether Land ,Sea and Air is a Liability . You have to maintain it for its optimum working conditions. Not mentioning the Pilot, the ship Captain and the parking and landing fees and hangar fees.
  3. @davidbiela4464 [3 likes]: Mangusta yachts are my favorite, the 165rev that top speed is 40knots
  4. @WestCoastMan8 [2 likes]: $2.50 a gallon; you can tell this video was made a few years back
  5. @Freedo1234 [2 likes]: Owning a  yacht   is the most expensive    thing  you can  think of !!
  6. @rexpayne7836 [1 likes]: Even if i had the money to buy one. I would only charter a yacht. 🇦🇺 😊
  7. @kazindastephen7350 [1 likes]: I have to own a yacht no matter the cost
  8. @willgarciazapanta [1 likes]: Not unless you’re a money producing machine like Musk, Gates, and Bezoz
  9. @Mr.HarryWild: U.S. military ships are exempted from all the taxes and fees however!
  10. @wesleyferguson6932: I would want to keep it private.
  11. @robertbishop5357: I suspect that most super yachts are owned and paid for by corporations.
  12. @RTM661: The insurance is quite cheap
  13. @RTM661: That’s why yachts are  for billionaires they have to put their money somewhere
  14. @lowbloodprsure: 100k for a non lethal crap gun? Just get 10 AR'S for 7k.
  15. @saibadam: Why dont u talk about normal yachts instead of superyacht
  16. @henrycarlson7514: Interesting , Thank You
  17. @colinm5548: What a shame
  18. @Elizabethitsthebig1: Neither
  19. @naniascofield-gambino4234: I’ve always worked with the recreational boater and just started a job chandling yachts and I need to see this video to understand a lot .
  20. @peterbradshaw8018: Only the poor call them yachts. Owners call them boats.

- The Hidden Costs Of Owning A Yacht: Kind: captions Language: en owning a yacht is a dream for many but there is some ambiguity around how much it really costs we get it between the idea of cruising through the seas the wind in your hair and the starry sky and mingling with the rich and elite you haven't given the real cost of owning a yacht much thought sure you can just google the cost of buying a yacht but the hidden cost of maintaining such a vehicle tends to sneak up on you it's all nice to imagine throwing elaborate parties or traveling to new places when the bill comes at the end of the year is bound to be a shock if you don't know what you've gotten yourself into which is why we're here to tell you exactly what it takes to own and maintain a yacht of your own before we begin make sure you subscribe to our channel and comment down below how much you think owning a yacht comes up to ready let's go yacht shopping one the cost of the yacht the cost of the yacht itself varies greatly an entry-level yacht will cost about a hundred thousand dollars but it's not enough if you're looking to mingle with the wealthy for that you'll have to shell out around 20 million dollars and put aside two percent of that cost to ensure upkeep that's four hundred thousand dollars every year from maintenance alone the cost will also vary depending on the length of the yacht the upgrades it's gone through and how old it is now that you've bought one you'll want to find a place to call home number two docking where you store your yacht influences yearly costs greatly if you want to be seen with your brand new toy you'll have to spend quite a good amount of money for a fancy marina the most expensive marina in the world is the marina de capri in italy which costs three thousand three hundred dollars per day yep that's per day but if you just want a place to park your new yacht a less fancy marina will cost you about twelve hundred dollars a month keep in mind that some marinas charge by the length of your yacht too so this amount can vary okay you bought your new yacht you founded a home and now it's time to get it registered number three registration fees the fees depend on which country or state you're registering the yacht in typically a 24 meter yacht is around 550 with a 750 tonnage tax anything above 24 meters is 1500 and the tonnage tax increases according to the weight of your boat keep in mind that these amounts can fluctuate depending on where you're registering your yacht but it's approximately one thousand dollars for a 400 to 999 ton yacht and 1250 for anything over that you're probably getting a good idea how much it costs but we're not even close to done number four insurance this is an absolute must you won't be allowed to sail without it the insurance for a 20 meter yacht usually costs around six to eight thousand dollars a year but this will fluctuate depending on the upgrade your yacht has had the amenities on board and where your yacht is docked so far you still haven't had a chance to take your new toy out into the water to enjoy it but this next one is very important to ensure you and anyone on your yacht is safe number five safety this is of utmost importance before you take the yacht out you want to make sure the communication systems are in good working condition a temporary authority ship radio station license will cost one hundred dollars and a full term license cost two hundred dollars the yacht will have to be equipped with life jackets floatation devices and fire extinguishers all right you've got the yacht you found it at home registered it got it insured and taken care of all the safety features before you can take it out and enjoy the breeze and the gorgeous blue ocean there's just one more thing you need to do number six fuel up you will have to seriously budget for fuel a 20 meter yacht for example would take gallons of fuel a liter of fuel costs three dollars so it would come to approximately 10 500 to fill up your tank keep in mind that different places around the world also have different fuel prices so this amount can fluctuate depending on the size of your yacht and the country you fuel up in if you're enjoying this video so far make sure you hit the like button and subscribe to the king luxury channel for more videos all about luxury all right you've taken her for a spin and broken in your brand new yacht and are now ready to have some friends over maybe you want to celebrate your new purchase by throwing a party before you run out to buy party streamers there's something else you need to do get a crew number seven crew members unless you plan to captain your own ship you'll need a crew to really enjoy your new yacht a yacht needs a captain a mate two stewardesses and a chef the salaries for each of them will depend on the size of the yacht too typically a captain makes around sixty five thousand to a hundred ten thousand dollars per year a chef made thirty six thousand to fifty two thousand a year and a stewardess makes thirty eight to forty eight thousand a year if they are with you on a full-time basis you'll also need to pay for their dental and health care plus a four to six week paid vacation every year in addition to their salaries you'll have to foot the bill for their transport food and uniforms as well congratulations you now have a crew and you're ready to entertain call up your friends and anyone you want to show off your yacht to number eight parties there's a level of sophistication in class you have to bring to your parties now that you own a yacht fine dining is a given don't expect to be able to get away with nachos and beer anymore you'll have to spring for wine and canapes and flowers additional staff to serve at your party and even a dj during yacht parties costs between one and three million dollars a year so you've had your yacht for a while now you've had some good times with it regular maintenance of your god is extremely important so let's take a look at how much that will cost you number nine upkeep you want to make sure your new yacht lasts you a long time for that you have to perform regular checks to make sure it's all running smoothly maintenance will cost you two percent of the total cost in the first year and around seven percent the following years if the boat's over 10 years old it has to be cleaned every two weeks and the communication systems engine and equipment need to be checked the yacht will have to be waxed every six months and you'll have to paint the bottom of the boat every 12 to 24 months after all it's your yacht and you want it to look good every time you're on it so is it worth it well a yacht loses money the second you buy it and place it in a marina so it's more a status symbol than anything else that's quite a lot of money to pour into a status symbol if buying a yacht isn't your thing you can always rent one the price of renting depends on the size of the boat and the duration for example a harbor cruise in marina del rey california costs four hundred dollars to hire for three hours while owning a yacht will put you in the league of celebrities and tech company ceos the mere cost of maintenance is quite a hefty one but what do you think now that you know just how much it costs are you eager to buy one or do you think you'll just be renting them out well that's it for this video if you want to be notified the next time we upload make sure you hit the bell icon so you don't miss it thanks for watching and we'll see you next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @kinglux [4 likes]: We offer an ALL FEES PAID Yacht to whoever has the best comment about the Yachts. The word of King Luxury. Enjoy!
  2. @WyzerHD [3 likes]: I live in Monaco so if you offer me a Yacht it will have easily its place in the city
  3. @jackoghost [2 likes]: boats are already known for being a bottomless pit of costs, the bigger they are the bigger the costs
on 3. how does weight even matter on the costs? its not like the sea is going to need replacement like a tarmac road..
  4. @halimtalafuka9946 [1 likes]: ❤❤. 0:55 .
  5. @halimtalafuka9946 [1 likes]: ❤❤. 0:42 .
  6. @halimtalafuka9946 [1 likes]: ❤❤. 0:27 .
  7. @halimtalafuka9946 [1 likes]: ❤❤. 0:13 .
  8. @kostastsartsalis4877 [1 likes]: Charter a yacht sounds better than own one.

- The True Cost of Owning a Luxury Yacht: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome aboard, luxury lovers and sea dreamers. If you've ever fantasized about sailing across crystal blue waters on your very own luxury yacht surrounded by elegance, privacy, and the open ocean, you're not alone. A luxury yacht isn't just a boat. It's a symbol of ultimate freedom and wealth. But before you pop the champagne and start planning your Mediterranean voyage, there's something important to understand. Owning a yacht comes with a hefty price tag that extends far beyond the initial purchase. From hidden operating costs to ongoing maintenance and crew salaries, the true cost of owning a luxury yacht might surprise you. In today's video, we're diving deep into the world of luxury yacht ownership. We'll explore how much it really costs to buy and maintain a yacht, what the operating expenses look like year-over-year, how far these vessels can travel, and what kind of lavish features you can expect on board. We'll also touch on financing options, life on board, and whether it's worth owning outright or considering alternatives like chartering. So, grab your captain's hat and buckle up. We're about to explore the realities of life at sea in true luxury. [Music] Let's start with the most obvious cost. Buying the yacht itself. Luxury yachts come in many sizes and styles, and their prices can vary drastically depending on the brand, size, materials, and features. On the lower end of the luxury spectrum, you might find a 60 ft yacht for around $1.5 million to $3 million. These are often considered entry-level super yachts capable of coastal cruising and short expeditions in considerable comfort. They still come equipped with high-end amenities, sleek interiors, and advanced navigation systems. As we move up in scale, the prices begin to soar. A 100 ft yacht from a respected builder like Sunseeker or Princess may cost between $8 million and $15 million. These vessels typically offer multiple guest cabins, luxurious owner suites, expansive salons, and even small gyms or theaters. They're designed for longer journeys and entertaining guests in style, making them popular among celebrities and successful entrepreneurs. The level of craftsmanship and technology at this size also begins to rival that of small boutique hotels. But the real giants, those 200 f feet and beyond, are in a league of their own. These mega yachts are often fully custombuilt and can cost anywhere from $50 million to $500 million, depending on complexity and opulence. Builders like Len, Oceano, and Feedship are known for creating these floating mansions for the ultra wealthy. These yachts often include features like indoor pools, beach clubs, helilopipads, elevators, and even IMAX theaters. Essentially, they are luxury resorts that happen to be seaorthy. Customization is a major cost driver in yacht construction. Owners who want something truly unique can spend tens of millions more on specialized features. A helilopad might add3 million to $5 million, while an onboard spa or Turkish hamom could cost even more. Some owners commission artwork and rare materials throughout their vessels, driving prices higher. Every detail, from interior design to navigation systems, is tailored to the owner's desires, making each yacht a one-of-a-kind masterpiece. Finally, there's the question of resale. Unlike real estate, yachts tend to depreciate relatively quickly. Within just 5 years, a luxury yacht can lose up to 40% to 50% of its original value, especially if trends shift or if the yacht becomes outdated. Maintenance, wear and tear, and technological obsolescence also play a role. For many owners, the joy of the lifestyle outweighs concerns over resale, but it's an important financial consideration nonetheless. Yacht ownership isn't just about the purchase. It's also about understanding the life cycle and long-term investment reality. Now, let's talk about what many firsttime buyers don't consider, the operating costs. On average, the annual cost of running a luxury yacht ranges from 10% to 20% of its original purchase price. So for a $10 million yacht, you're looking at roughly $1 million to $2 million every year just to keep it operational. This includes crew salaries, fuel, docking fees, insurance, maintenance, repairs, food, and provisioning. Crew is often the single biggest expense. A typical luxury yacht might require a captain, engineer, deck hands, stewardist, and a chef, often working year round. For a midsize yacht, this can amount to $300,000 to $800,000 per year in salaries alone. Megaay yachts might employ over 20 crew members, pushing annual crew costs well above $2 million. These are experienced professionals managing complex onboard systems and delivering high-end service, and they're paid accordingly. Fuel is another major expense, especially for yachts that travel long distances. A 150 foot yacht might burn 500 gallons of diesel per hour at cruising speed. At an average cost of $4 to $6 per gallon, just one hour of cruising can cost upwards of $3,000 in fuel. If you're planning extended journeys, the fuel budget can easily hit hundreds of thousands of dollars annually. Maintenance and upkeep are non-negotiable for safety and reliability. Routine engine checks, hole cleaning, electronic servicing, and repainting all require time, money, and skilled labor. Expect to spend 2% to 4% of the yacht's value on maintenance alone each year. And don't forget about insurance, which can run from $30,000 to $500,000 annually, depending on the vessel's value and cruising areas. Luxury yachts are made for exploring the world. But how far can they actually travel? That depends heavily on size, design, and fuel capacity of the vessel. Smaller luxury yachts around 60 to 80 ft may have a range of 300 to 800 nautical miles. They're best suited for coastal cruising or short island hops. Perfect for exploring the Bahamas, Greek Isles, or French Riviera. Larger super yachts, particularly those in the 100 to 150 foot range, often have transatlantic capabilities. These boats can cruise 3,000 to 4,000 nautical miles without needing to refuel, opening up destinations like Europe to the Caribbean or the US to Southeast Asia. They're built for long range cruising with stabilizers for comfort and advanced navigation systems for safety. When you enter the mega yacht category, 200 f feet and above, you'll find vessels with truly global reach. Some can travel more than 6,000 nautical miles on a single tank. These yachts are essentially floating cities built across oceans in complete luxury, often with satellite communications, climate controlled storage, and backup systems to handle months at sea. Cruising speed typically ranges from 12 to 18 knots for most luxury yachts. Some sportier models can push beyond 25 knots, but speed comes at the expense of fuel efficiency. Long range cruising is done at lower speeds to conserve fuel and reduce wear in the engines. Ultimately, these yachts are designed not just for transportation, but for enjoying the journey as much as a destination. One of the main reasons people invest in luxury yachts is for the lifestyle they offer. Imagine waking up in a king-size bed to the sound of waves lapping against the hull, walking to the aft deck for breakfast prepared by your private chef, then diving into your infinity pool or heading out for a jet ski ride. On a yacht, everyday feels like a five-star vacation tailored to your preferences. Onboard amenities vary widely, but top tier yachts can include multiple guest suites, owner's decks, sky lounges, beach clubs, and even underwater observation rooms. Many have fully equipped gyms, movie theaters, massage rooms, and saunas. For those who enjoy entertaining, some yachts feature dance floors, full bars, live music setups, and private wine sellers. It's your floating mansion with every indulgence at your fingertips. Activities go far beyond sunbathing and sipping champagne. Yachts come equipped with a vast array of water toys, jet skis, kayaks, paddle boards, inflatable slides, diving gear, and more. Some carry tenders for fishing or fing guests to shore. Others feature helilopads allowing you to fly to and from the yacht wherever you are. Whether it's exploring secluded coes, snorkeling coral reefs, or dining on a remote island, the possibilities are endless. Living aboard full-time is also a growing trend. Some owners use their yachts as floating second homes or mobile offices. With high-speed satellite internet, private quarters, and business facilities, it's entirely possible to live and work from your yacht while sailing around the world. This flexibility and freedom is part of what makes yacht ownership so attractive to the ultra wealthy. Given the enormous cost involved, most yacht owners don't just write a check. They finance or structure their ownership through specialized channels. Traditional marine financing is available, especially for yachts under $20 million. Banks may require 20% to 30% down and interest rates typically range from 4% to 7% depending on credit and asset value. Repayment terms can span 5 to 15 years. For larger yachts, financing is often handled through private wealth firms or even leasing companies. Some buyers set up offshore ownership structures for tax efficiency or liability protection. Holding the yacht through a corporation or trust is common, especially for international owners. These structures can also help reduce VAT exposure when purchasing or registering the yacht. Chartering is another strategy to offset cost. Owners can list their yacht with charter brokers when they're not using it, earning income that covers a portion of annual expenses. A large yacht can command $200,000 to $500,000 per week in charter fees depending on size and season. Of course, chartering brings additional wear and tear and requires more intensive crew and management oversight. Fractional ownership has also entered the yaching world, allowing multiple individuals to co-own a yacht and split operating costs. This model appeals to those who want the luxury of yaching without the full-time responsibility or expense. Each co-owner gets a certain number of weeks per year on board, and management companies handle scheduling, crewing, and maintenance. Yachts are built to last, but like any complex asset, they require regular attention and eventually replacement. A well-maintained yacht can operate effectively for 20 to 30 years or more, but the first major overhaul usually comes after about 10 years. This might include engine refits, electronics upgrades, interior redesign, or hole repainting costing millions depending on the scope. Technological advances also drive update. New fuel efficiency systems, hybrid propulsion, advanced navigation, and entertainment systems all evolve quickly. Owners who want to stay current often refit their yachts every few years, not just for aesthetics, but for functionality. Failing to keep up with these updates can hurt resale value and increase operating risks. Depreciation is a significant factor in yacht ownership. New yachts lose value faster than used ones, especially in the first 5 years. To preserve value, regular maintenance, cosmetic upkeep, and usage logs are essential. Resale can be a challenge, especially if the yacht has highly specific customizations that may not appeal to future buyers. Eventually, most owners sell or trade in their yachts for a newer or larger model. Brokers handle these transactions, marketing the yacht to global buyers and managing the paperwork. For owners who no longer want the financial or time burden, selling the yacht marks the end of an incredible but costly journey on the seas. Owning a luxury yacht is the ultimate symbol of wealth and freedom, offering an unmatched lifestyle of privacy, exploration, and indulgence on the open seas. But it comes at a steep price. Beyond the multi-million dollar purchase, the ongoing cost of fuel, crew, maintenance, insurance, and depreciation quickly add up, turning a dream vessel into a serious financial commitment. Yet, for those with the means and the passion, the rewards are extraordinary. The ability to travel the world in comfort, host unforgettable experiences, and live life entirely on your own terms.

- 5 Reasons NOT to Buy a Boat - Sailing Q&A 23: Kind: captions Language: en No this is not clickbait, this is a genuine discussion on why you shouldn't buy a boat. And it's come about through two recent episodes from friends of ours, one of whom got in touch. He'd read our e-book which we put together, two e-books recently (if you missed it links below) on "How to Become a Liveaboard" and "How to Buy a Boat". And he said they were great, but he warned us that we've got to be careful not to lead people into a false sense of security, in that buying and owning and living on a boat is straightforward. He had run into a number of issues himself, and ended up paying a lot of money with a broken engine. And we've just heard recently, two friends of ours have recently just sold their boat and have quit this live aboard life. It was really down to the amount of money, time and effort that they were spending on their boat. And it got me thinking, got us thinking, didn't it? Yeah, there're a lot of people in that situation. Yes, so we need to be realistic about it as well. So we're gonna be warning you, aren't we? So here are the five reasons we've put together for why you shouldn't buy a boat. So, first reason not to buy a boat... They go wrong... all the time! Yeah they do, they need constant maintenance. Every day, every week, every month, every year you will be spending a great deal of your time working on bits of the boat, won't you? And although we were warned about this before we started our sailing career. We had no idea how much time was gonna be taken up by maintenance and fixing things. And quite a lot of that time eats into your dream, so just be prepared! You cannot know the amount of maintenance that's gonna be up there. Unless you really love tinkering around in a workshop, be prepared! Yeah well there's, so many things aren't there? I mean, just look at the boat. You've got the rigging, you've got the sails, you've got the engine, you've got the deck. Then there's everything below. There's plumbing, there's the electrics... All of those things you've got to stay on top of. And you know we've said it before, I'm no mechanic. So I've had to learn the hard way how to do basic diesel engine maintenance. You have to do it because you know there'll be times when you're out there, and there is no one else to fix anything but yourself, so you've really got to stay on top of all those things. Yeah, you have you got to become a mechanic, a plumber an electrician, You've got to be prepared, if you don't already know about those things, to learn about them. And we mean really you have to learn about them. So unless you are very, very rich and can afford someone to always do all your maintenance and check things for you, and service everything, and do all the repairs - you're gonna have to do it yourself. But even if you are very rich things go wrong out there, they go wrong out at sea. Engine stops, sails break, you will need to know what to do. You must be prepared to do that. Are you prepared to do that, are you prepared to take on all these new skills? Boats kill relationships. Yeah, definitely. When you're living in the small confines of a boat everything is magnified. So if there are underlying problems in your relationship, they will come to the fore, believe me, when you are spending 24/7 with each other. Yeah, and the other thing to remember is when you start this life is you both have to be a hundred percent committed. It's no good if one of you is dragging the other into this life, because those cracks appear pretty quickly, and there are boats all over the world that were owned by couples who gave it all up. Yeah and we've seen many boats for sale, haven't we, because of this. You know, couples have split up, and sadly they've had to sell the dream. Yeah, there are a lot of solo sailors out there who weren't original solo sailors. So think very hard and clearly about your relationship. Will it withstand 24/7, small space? Any cracks that are in it now, try and repair them. Boats are never clean. If "cleanliness is next to godliness", if that is your motto don't buy a boat. It's like living in a house with the doors... all the doors and all the windows and the roof lights - everything open 24/7. Because you have dust, and anything that happens to be hanging around in the air, inside your boat immediately. And not only dirt and dust, you get unwanted visitors! We have been fighting a battle against cockroaches ever since we left the Mediterranean. Sometimes I win; sometimes I lose. You get ants, you get mosquitoes, you get all kinds of things. And worse than that, you can get rats as well! So be prepared for your lovely clean home to be invaded at all times, and for it not to be a lovely clean home. Unless you're one of these types that loves cleaning all day and all night! And going back to all of those things that you've got to be on the boat - in the mechanic, the engineer, the plumber, the electrician. Whilst you're doing all that work, your tools are going to be left everywhere. Liz absolutely hates this, she gets so wound up by it. Of course she forgets that I'm doing all the maintenance. Not quite all the maintenance! I do do the plumbing, but I put my stuff away when I finish. It's all over the bloody boat all the time, it drives me up the wall. Because you've only got this much space to live in. So yeah it's gonna be a quite a culture shock when you realize just how dirty a boat can get. Boats will change the way you look. Yep, you don't have much space on a boat. And your wardrobe will be compromised, so you will have to pare down all your fancy clothes to a very small, little space. It was heart-rendering when I had to reduce my enormous wardrobe in order to move onto this boat. But I had to think very carefully about functionality over beauty. So out went all the pretty dresses and the high heels, and I now pretty much wear what you're seeing, which is shorts and t-shirts, all the time. So my wardrobe, or my little tiny locker, is filled with those things. In a cold climate you're gonna have bigger things, bulkier things. And so you have even fewer of those because there is so little room on a boat to keep stuff. Don't forget that when you're on a boat you are rationing your water. Even if you have a water-maker pretty much every boat will always be keeping an eye on how much water you are using throughout the day and the week. So that of course means that washing clothes can really drain your water resources. But also washing yourself as well. So I think we'll be the first to admit we tend to wash... slightly... not as much as we should do. And that's because we have to keep an eye on water. Yeah, cruisers are notorious for being grubby. You wear the same thing for several days, and you don't wash for several days, but we get used to it! And finally just one quick word to the ladies out there: forget makeup. Makeup just falls off in the sun, and when you're sailing it falls off in the sea spray. And it's a pain in the butt. So go natural! You don't need make-up anyway darling... And finally... boats eat money. You can plan all you want, budget all you want, but you never ever have enough money. No, one of the big things that you have to think about is new parts because things, as we said earlier, go wrong all the time. And if the thing that goes wrong is an engine that's ten grand! Straight away! You've got to buy a new engine. Rigging - you have to re-rig every ten years, if you're insured they require it. And rigging something like Esper is really expensive. Sails, brand-new sails. Sails blow out. So these are really big expenses, and unless you've got huge savings somewhere, you've got to find a way, and be prepared to pay for these things. Yeah and these things happen when you least expect it. So forget about a monthly budget. We see a lot of questions from newbie sailors who say what's your monthly budget for yachting? Well we started doing a monthly budget, and it just went out the window. You can have a monthly budget for your day-to-day expenses, but the big expenses they really do come and bite you on the bum. Yeah, so what we tend to say is have a monthly income and work to that income, which is what we try to do. And finally, boats are not an investment. You never make money on boats, you really don't. When we bought Esper, 12 years ago, we paid slightly less than what she's insured for now, but in that time we've paid the same money again, and more on updates, parts, refitting everything. So she's insured for probably half of what we paid for her. They really don't make money. So those are five genuine, honest reasons as to why not to buy a boat. So if you are in the market for a buying a boat, I hope these will help you galvanize your thoughts, because these come from experience. This is from our 12 years, our own personal observations, and what other people have told us as well. So just take them on board, they are serious considerations. BUT, having said all that, Liz, why should you buy a boat? Oh, because when you've worked through all the bad times (and there are a lot of them) they absolutely, completely disappear when you're having the good times. Thanks for watching this followtheboat extra. If you have a comment please put it below, we're very interested to hear from you on this subject. If you have a boat, or you're thinking of buying a boat, what's your experience been? And if you liked it, please "like". And and if you really liked it, please "share". Peace and fair winds!

  Top Comments:
  1. @rjcote45 [56 likes]: Thank you for an unvarnished and unflinchingly accurate appraisal of 5 big downsides to boat living, but done in a completely lovely and charming way. You guys did a great job being precise and real without trying to sugarcoat it or overplay and demonize it. You were vey easy to listen to. I must say I found it very informative and enlightening. Thank you!
  2. @TimHPop776 [1 likes]: Thank you.
  3. @jackofmosttrades.masterofsome [1 likes]: Got to the end of the video, I am still waiting for the reasons not to own a boat? :)
  4. @PittsPhotography [1 likes]: A great deal of things you mentioned in your video here can just the same be attributed to owning your own home on land. Aircon/ furnace going out or needing repair, water heater shoots craps needs to be replaced, your home might need a new roof!!!😮 All very large expenses. I think the best advice is to give perspective boat buyers planning to live aboard for extended periods would be to be realistic about it. The vessel becomes your home and there will be constant upkeep and maintenance requirements just like owning a home on land. You may no longer have homeowners insurance auto insurance but now you have boat insurance. You're no longer replacing a roof you're paying for sails. I think it's likely a pretty easy trade-off for the lifestyle that it gains you. Certainly not for the types that don't like to work or do their own repairs.
  5. @jamesbaldwin7676 [1 likes]: Living on a boat for nearly twenty years now and in a modern marina, has allowed my wife and I to live where we otherwise couldn't afford to  be.  

On top of that, instead of being house-poor and broke every month, we usually enjoy a significant cash surplus.  

It's a fact that folks around here pay thousands to rent and millions to own, and all for an ocean-front view. 

We are the view.
  6. @scottdowney4318 [1 likes]: Another reason not to buy such a large boat, MARINA COSTS. And you have to deal with sometimes with bad people, who can cause you unnecessary griefs and damage. Either bad workers, bad management, excessive costs, people unwilling to haul you out even. Some places have so many old boats on the hard, they have no room to haul out anymore boats, or they don't haul wood boats if it is wood, or it your FG boat is really in bad shape or just not pretty, they do not want it at their marina as it does not meet their standards. You can run into the same thing with older RV's the 10 year rule, older than 10 they don't want your business as it affects their image. Not everyone is like this as money talks, if you got enough cash.
  7. @keargee: I am planning on buying a boat. My plan is to buy a solid blue water cruiser live-aboard sailboat. The things I have going for me.
   #1 I already live fulltime in a small camper. This means I am used to the small living space. Any boat that could cross an ocean would be a huge upgrade in room. 
  
  #2 I love tinkering and fixing things. I am skilled auto mechanic, diesel mechanic, welder, fabricator, and often am modifying something mechanical that is brand new because I see room for improvements, but also because I think it's fun and enjoy it!.

  #3 I am also a skilled carpenter/wood worker, handyman maintenance man. Meaning electrical, plumbing are fully within my skillsets. 

  #4 I have lived off grid my whole life, and the systems in my camper or boat are no different to me from the home I grew up in. 12v DC, batteries, inverters, charge controllers, wiring, solar power systems, solar charge controllers, 48v systems, DC to DC converters, all second language to me.  

  #5 I am enthusiastic to embark on new adventures, but I don't have anything tying me to any one location, I am already mobile and can live anyplace I can tow my camper, often taking into the mountines and staying for weeks or following better weather. No children, wife, or other social commitments to be at any one location over another.   

    NOW for the bad.. 
   #1 I have lived in the mountains most of my life, grew up in a land locked state and have only been to the oceans for short amounts of time to play in the water.  Never been on a boat in the ocean, never been on a sailboat. Know nothing about sailing, navigation, or really anything other then what I have read or learning watching videos. 
   
   #2 I am not wealthy so buying a boat like the ones I am looking at would take a huge commitment of my resources. ( Reason it would have to be a live abord ) And it could impact my income earning ability if I move any distance. I have no doubt I can earn money if I am just living on the boat and treating it like my camper, but this seems to defeat the purpose of buying a boat, if I am just going to park it and live in it without sailing all over the world. Once I leave for other places earning money may become more difficult. 

   #3 Though I am fine living a fairly solitary life, spending weeks or even months alone. I am not a hermit and I am not anti-social. I like having a small group of friends, that I feel close to. This could be an issue if I am picking up and moving every few months to a location beyond reasonable traveling time.   

  #4 Did I mention, I know nothing about sailing? Or the ocean?  haha. 
  Funny because I am confident I could build a boat from the ground up, with every system with ease. So I know I could repair and maintenance one.  That is the part many people are intimidated with..  Yet the sailing I know nothing about.
  8. @WillW-o9r: I’ve been thinking about buying a motor yacht. I’ve watched a lot of YouTube videos and the maintenance cost scares me. I’m trying to save money by purchasing a live aboard, because apartment rent is high and nice homes are high. I don’t know what to do..
  9. @RobertPerry-k5m: The definition of a boat is "A hole in the water that you attempt to fill with money"
  10. @AndrewSheldon: Useful info, though I think you can't just dispense with the issue of expenses. Its a worthy issue. Probably a video in its own right. Touring costs, fixed location costs.  Operating vs capital maintenance costs, comparison to city apartment, say $2000 per month.
  11. @denyswoodroffe490: Some people will find trouble in trouble, what ever they do. While most apply sound wisdom and common sense.
  12. @youtubedrifter5594: Don’t worry you’re about your wardrobe. You’re both beautiful 😊
  13. @jakeprosser-WATER-HEATERS: im having second thoughts. after your bug footage.
  14. @moochythecat3435: Houses appreciate in value...
  15. @breakbollocks9164: Bought a 30 year old traditional and reasonably well-built house 27 years ago and have been working big and small repairs non-stop since. Mice, rats, ants, termites, and much more creatures are visiting and/or living in the house in much larger quantities than possible on any sail boat. The window surfaces to clean are larger than your boat, the balcony larger than your deck is also hard to keep clean (leaves and algae). The total roof repair and insulation was estimated as expensive as a nice size sailing boat. It's located in the S-W of France where it rains three times more (in volume) than in the UK. This must make many boat owners feel better. ;-)
  16. @Rottingboards: I don't have children or a boat...Retired early at 56!   Recumbent bicycles are the way to go.
  17. @leecowell8165: You need to be tech savvy AND mechanically inclined OR you need lotsa, lotsa $$. And what happens is something major breaks out in the pond? Can you climb that mast? I don't think this man could. Yeah what happens if you can't get the main down to even reef it? I had that happen years ago but guess what I was YOUNG and made like bull, see? Ever try climbing that mast with the sail UP? Hmnn... remember these ain't motorboats those white things ARE your motor. Yep... better really KNOW that spouse of yours because you ain't privy to very much privacy out there. they didn't mention WHERE to live on it.. dock, mooring, anchorage, country, etc. You may wanna think about staying off grid.. that means solar power, wind generator, batteries, water storage (maybe a water maker?). Yeah dockage here in the states? You better be rich! And if you ain't docked now you gotta think about your dingy and how to get around on shore without a vehicle... all this stuff costs $$. One more thing.. no country for old men. Yep sailing is a young man's game because invalids have a tough time climbing stuff.
  18. @lovewhatis3396: My husband and I have been living on a boat for 8 years. Our boat has tought us so much. We learned to be wood workers, electricians, painters, builders, rescuers, engineers, Plummers,  you name it.  Owned a big ass house for 23 years and were always calling someone to fix it.  Not with the boat.  The boat is our home.  Don’t own anything else.  Not even renting storage.  Everything we own is on our boat.
  19. @DrJohn493: We've got some fond memories of our sail boat owning days but boy did we learn each one of these lessons...and more!  B.O.A.T. = Bring Out Another Thousand!
  20. @roadtrekralph311: Ive been on the fence about buying a boat but after watching your video, I think Il buy an RV instead.

- Your Charter Yacht Ownership Questions Answered | Boating Tips LIVE: Kind: captions Language: en welcome to boating tips live with marine max your weekly chat about boating products service safety advice and a whole lot more join the fun by submitting your boating questions answered on air by our knowledgeable captains without further ado let's start the show [Music] what's up guys what's up captain keith how you doing nick doing good doing good rocking and rolling monday how we like it boating tips live ready to party speaking of rocking and rolling the wind finally stopped today yeah it was a nice little uh six day blow or so yeah it's been weeks i think who's that guy sitting next to you that is the man the myth the legend raul bermudez from marine max vacations a whole other side of marine max that really is a spectacular program down in the british virgin islands and the bahamas mainly focusing on our aquila power catamarans which you know we get to experience quite a bit of in saint pete and clear water so i'm really excited to hear about this program and thanks for thanks for joining us rahul thank you for having me so you're actually the vice president of the yacht charter part of the business correct that's correct yep um yeah it's it's a great gig some people say it's the best job in the world and i tell them it is most of the time but there are some uh stressful times like covid yeah not exactly a lot of vacations going on there over the past year but it's it's coming back yeah oh absolutely it's very strong already for the future so before we get going raul and keith um i just want to remind everybody this is a live broadcast which means if you type a question into the comments we're looking at them and we're going to answer them in real time as soon as we can get to them so if you have a question about the charter yacht ownership program about raul about his role in marine max vacations now is the time to ask it and we're going to answer you as soon as we can also you know where to find us if you can't join live i know a lot of people are busy it's monday it's during the week it's the middle of the workday you can catch this podcast afterwards we're going to go through those questions as well on facebook youtube any streaming platform for podcasts including iheartradio spotify apple music we're there and we look forward to getting back around it is even when we're not live got to get that out of the way let people know we're looking we've got some great great questions coming in from youtube i'm monitoring a youtube chat i'm sure that there's some great ones too on facebook wanna thank everybody for watching with us right now and really excited for today's episode hey brian grad glad you're here man brian draps on with us again awesome hey nick made it on really cool just it was a couple hours ago so i was over at clearwater beach i just got back to the store i was running a ocean alexander over there came back sitting here is eating my lunch and and this guy walks up and you know i've got you know my little captain keith you know area down there and training area and stuff and he goes hey captain keith he goes uh i'm a big fan he goes i'm from kansas city i go kansas city goes yep because my name's jim you guys my wife and i are getting ready to to move over here and we came over here to clearwater to check you guys out but uh because i really want to tell you something because i appreciate you guys you guys three o'clock every monday you guys do you and nick uh you guys i really really appreciate and like what you guys do the information we get out there and all that stuff so that was pretty cool you know we're just sitting here at this door and you know out of the nowhere you know jim from kansas city thanks man that's awesome man so keith you've done this a lot longer than i have as far as uh you know the whole marine max thing and all your content out there tell me have you ever signed autographs like seriously have you ever found an autograph no no i don't know come on have you ever been asked for an autograph they'll be so valuable right one day if i don't put a whole lot of them out there so so no i i try to try to lay off of that yeah i should probably lay off of it that's a good point but that's awesome so raul let's uh let's dive right into charter so you've got a long career in a charter business even before marine max so how long have you been in a charter business and what kind of brought you you know where you are right now so i was like 10 when i got started but i've been doing it for about 22 years now 23. um this is my 10th year anniversary actually a couple of weeks ago i saw that congrats yeah thanks so it's been uh it's been a while right yeah but i've been uh fortunate um i was actually recruited i was working for a rider truck rental at the time in denver and got a call from a recruiter to come down to florida and work in the charter business they flew me down to the virgin islands uh for a second interview and uh it was very easy to negotiate i called my wife it was snowing in denver i was like honey i think we can do this we're moving and that was it and it's been 20 22 23 years two of the kids were born in colorado and two were here actually captain keith did a delivery for us uh before i joined marie max yep i'm old captain keith uh we had a c-ray at sundance sundeck yeah that's it yeah i'm gonna ask i am going to ask him for that autograph so yeah and then a whaler after that yeah that's right yep and then you won't believe it i i just saw the way i learned about something else a uh a deck but i uh try trimaran con congrats on the tritune raul you got a good one yeah good good can't wait to use it it's basically it's a baby aquila essentially i mean that's that's what it is exactly exactly can't wait so go ahead we use charter guide ownership is it like a time share on the water what i mean broad spectrum we're going to dive in a little deeper yeah what is it so so a couple of things so obviously marine magnifications is a charter operation so we have boats where we rent out to people and tortola british virgin islands we also have the bahamas and we have partnership locations in multiple places where we have aquilas but we don't necessarily run the operation so we have the pacific northwest we have australia greece and croatia where there's some aquila it's maybe just one or two but we have a partnership there so the whole model the way it works is we sell all these boats are probably owned by individuals that enjoy boating and going down to the islands so i'll give you the five second version you can order boat and there's different ways you can order the two different programs i'm down on the islands and we take care of the boat so two transactions take place you buy the boat you're the owner so it's not timeshare we don't have multiple loaders per boat now if you and your buddy want to go in and create your own little company and and do that you can do that but we you know one order per boat and then you sign a management agreement the management agreement states how you know what happens how we maintain the boat your rights of usage to the boat how we insure the boat so it's a 10-page document that talks about um your rights our rights how you know what happens at the end of the program which is very important um so so that's that's the basic short version of the uh of the ownership program and we have a lot of people that buy them for a number of reasons but some people are planning to go retire in a couple of years you know three years four years five years so this is a way for them to start learning how to use the boat use a boat go vacation and then they take the boat out so if someone buys a boat are they able to how many times are they able to to use the budget in a calendar year do they get x number of weeks on the boat or or how does that work yeah so we have two programs one is a program where we actually guarantee them a payment every single month whether the boat charters or not so that's a fixed payment option that program limits you to up to nine weeks of usage depending on how you're going to use the the weeks um so but you know and most people ask am i gonna get paid if i use my weeks yes you still get paid a few years or weeks um so that's the safest easiest week cover under that program we cover all the operating operational expenses maintenance dockage insurance so you have zero operations uh expenses while the boat is in the program when you go use a boat you pay a small cleaning fee to go use it the other program is more of a revenue share program where the owner takes takes the expenses but they get a big chunk of the revenue so typically it's a 75 25 split the owner gets 75 percent should more than cover you know depending on how much the they use a boat it should more than cover all their expenses and still give them money positive cash flow that program gives you a little more flexibility and usage because as long as you know that while you're using the boat you're not producing revenue it's okay with us so two different programs one of them you know there are also a potential tax savings out there for some of those programs you got to check with your accountant we're not accountants so and everybody's situation is different but the revenue share program can potentially uh qualify for tax savings how long are these boats in the program i know that there's certain charter programs that might even have boots that are on their second or third tour i guess you can call it but in your program and marine max's program i mean they're only pretty much new boats in there i mean they're boats that are no older than five years old or a certain amount of hours on them so i mean what is a boat in a charter yacht first of all i guess what is the timeline for charter yacht ownership in a british british virgin islands in and what happens after that yep so a lot of good questions there so the when we originally started we were doing a five-year program with a guaranteed program uh on the charter side most people that go rent and charter these boats want newer boats of course and they actually pay a premium so we've reduced the program to a three-year if you go the guarantee route right and then at the end of the three years you have options you can trade it you can stay in the program we have a lot of repeat owners you can list it with us for brokerage we have a huge as you know demand for these boats the key is the right having the right boat the keyless right or you can take it out keep paying the note if you finance and go cruising and then even our fourth option is there are a couple of second-tier charter companies out there that are dying to get their hands on these aquila boats and they can you can put them in those programs and even with us she can potentially extend after the three years another two years under the revenue share program so you could stay five years in the program so we have uh you know your your question of what happens at the end so those are the options that the owners have some people have gone cruising some people have like i said a big percentage probably 30 to maybe 40 are trading and staying in the program because i love going down there it's hassle free nothing to worry about let's talk about your role for a minute we're focusing on charter today but from my standpoint being in sales i deal with you a lot as a broker and you're always have aquila's coming in we're going to hit on akilah power catamarans a little bit more later in the episode but anybody that's been in a boating market any especially for a boat that is such in demand such as an aquila weather that's a 36 44 or a 54 knows that they are extremely hard to come across right now and there's a long way to get a new one be and rightfully so then you have raul that comes along and raul's constantly brokering boats out of the charter program that you know they're going to be used but you know they're maintained phenomenally and there's a lot of great opportunities there that raul has a lot of stuff coming on the market before even a lot of people know of them for all sorts of aquilas and it's really helped out a lot of customers of mine that really want an aquila and they think they can't get one raul's got one so so tell us a little bit about your role as a broker on the akilah side of things yeah so again so that so the boats come out every three sometimes five years if we kept them there so ahead of time we know when those boats are going to come out so the management agreement says hey we can actually start listening to these votes six months in advance so you're not sitting around with the boat so that's what happens so it's about or we take trades so the folks that are trading and getting a new one will take that on and go through the whole marine max process to to you know check all the systems make it a used boat and sell it so that's what's happening and then we in the virgin islands we have almost 50 boats so every single year we have you know 10 boats if you rotate them every year you know that's without even growing so so that's where all these boats are coming from um so what's that what's that maintenance program look like though so so you're rolling these boats around over there right so they're go somebody takes it out for a week ten days two weeks the boat comes back to the marina then you guys go through the boats and and just you know before you're refitting it for the next group that's going out oh absolutely so i believe we're the only charter company so a lot of charter companies will turn a boat around and basically just clean it six hours they'll do a say what they call a same-day turnaround charter ends at 11 and somebody else is already on at 6 00 p.m marimax is totally different we actually block the boat a whole day a full day so generators usually which gets used the most it's an oil change right away for the engines of course we keep track of whatever the manufacturer intervals are so every 100 hours they get a oil change also but yeah there's a whole process a whole team we have about 30 to 40 employees down there that their whole job is to you know take care of the customer but also technicians mechanics um a lot of people ask that was a good question keith of you know how use of these boats going to be well if you've been to the virgin islands you know that it's beautiful but all the distances are very short so you you're basically island hopping you're running 15 20 30 you know the longest run you're gonna make it's maybe an hour uh so you're not putting a lot of engine hours actually you know the first company i worked for was a sailboat charter company and i believe the power boats are actually putting less hours engine hours on them than the sailboats because they get there a little quicker right yeah now the generators i will tell you get a lot of usage power boaters you know the way we've designed these aquila power boats a little bit of history this whole thing started because bill mcgill went down and actually chartered a boat from a competitor and said we can do this and we can do it better we're going to do it the marine max way and that's where the aquila boats you know part of the start of the aquila boats and the equipment that we put on the boats so these boats are made to be used that much you can't just take a regular uh recreational boat and put it into a charter fleet it just won't work so the aquila boats as you guys both know are easy to maintain you know engines generator everything's outside you can walk around get them you're not lifting a bed to check the oil so that that makes a big difference it's how well is the boat built um is it been built for that usage and then do you have the right staff maintain so we have a total different philosophy than most charter operators we maintain the heck out of the boats while the boat is in the fleet so we don't have to spend a ton of money at the end when the owner wants to take that boat back so it should be easy basically we say is you can come anytime you want and the boat should be in great shape and that's that's the philosophy okay so so an owner has a boat in charter with you and a bilge pump goes an impeller goes so this that marine max is absorbing the cost of that those yeah if they do a guarantee program absolutely yeah we take care of that you won't even know that we've changed that bill trump or change batteries whatever we just take care of it get the boat running uh again move it again so that's the beauty of that program plus they get a check plus you get a check everything sounds like you're sounds like you're taking all the bad stuff out of boating i wouldn't call it bad is this boating it happens right any toy you have yeah it happens but it takes it to alleviate you know having to figure out oh why did that break or yeah things things do go bad batteries get drained uh so we take care of the guarantee program if if you want hassle free that's the way to go um and you know that you see it yeah we see it on the used boots all the time i mean it's all in maintenance i'd rather see personally a captain maintained professionally maintained boot with a thousand hours on it that's five years old than one that sat in a dock for five years and has 20 hours on it oh absolutely yep yep even in the summer time we have people that just go around and make sure they start the engine start the generator everything works you know we have water makers on our boats uh so we got to check those all the time that's probably our our highest maintenance expense it's just filters on the water makers yeah but that's one of the things that makes another thing that makes marie max different let's talk about the lineup of boots really quick rubble i know that you have a huge role in in akilah power catamarans akilah power catamarans with marine max and a partnership so let's talk about your lineup what the different experiences are keith and i deal with it on retail every single day people getting 36s 44s now 54s we're gonna hit on that too what kind of different experiences are you guys really going after on a different models in charter yacht ownership like pretty much what i'm asking is how is somebody that owns a a 36 and charter yacht ownership what does that look like versus zoning at 44 and so on so you're basically asking who's buying what boat you know we have uh yeah typically on the 36 or they're going to be a little bit younger that's probably you know their first step and then they'll move up to the 44. similar to what they do here at home they start with a smaller boat and move right um people that like outboards has a difference in the 36 because it does have outboards um now once you get to more families or if you want to go with a lot of friends who start getting to the 44 the 48 which we no longer produce the four cabins so basically what we're trying to do is create an avenue for depending on your size of the party we have the right boat for you if it's only two of you you can probably take out the 36. if you have two couples three couples you move up to the to the 44. if you have four couples or two families sometimes we've seen that with kids they take out the 48. so like when i go i have to take out the 48 because i have a ton of kids um keith knows and now of course we're going to have the 54. so it all depends on how many people typically go with you and that's what i think advice i give people because some people you know they ask what what boat should i buy if how many people are going to go with you typically you know 90 of the time is it just going to be the two of you then you can look on a smaller boat that's kind of just it falls in line perfect here we just got a question from stephanie on youtube says uh she may have missed the info but what size akilas are available for charter yeah so right now we have 36 44 the whole lineup 48 we still have a couple left in the fleet and the very first 54 which we're going to talk about a little later it's on its way down there now so that's that's exciting times for uh for the very max vacations and then i got another question here um from lex he says uh what are the advantages chartering a power cat versus a sale cat it's a good question so first of all not just any power cap so i'm going to answer that as the difference in chartering a marine max vacations aquila power cat because there are other power cats out there most of them are sailboats converted to power so the big difference is these power cats again they've been designed you know bill mcgill was involved a couple of the people the designers are power boaters they've been designed as power boats the halls on the aquilas are much rounder bigger so you have walk-around beds uh the way that again the boat's been designed everything mechanical is outside so it's it's it's not in day the amount of room the amount of storage so you're going to find on these tequila power cats it's night and day compared to at sailboats sailboats have to be you know narrow halls so they can cut through the there's hardly any storage layout wise when you look at the 4448 you have a huge salon nice next to the galley so on a sailboat typically that's going to be disrupted because you've got a big mass in the middle of the boat and it's got to be built that way structurally but from a space port of view comfort the power cap is going to give you a lot more room space comfort to live aboard and then of course like i said the marine max boats have been equipped with water makers you know all the stuff that power boaters want and that translates over to into the private market as well you know the aquila's that in their dna are built you know they are chartered but originally over translated translated over into private ownership on the retail side of things that carries over you wash these boats everything drains nice they're meant to be beat up you spill something you got kids on the boat you mash some cheerios into the seat it's not the end of the world you're okay they're easy to operate easy to hop on even a 44 which is it could be intimidating for somebody that hasn't handled boots their whole lives to to hop on a 44 kilo and say where do i start how do i start this boat up i started up how do i drive this boot keith how many times have you dealt with people like that and then after a week of training it's like you know they're getting on and off the boat by themselves or teaching other people then they're fully confident operating such a big boat by themselves so we see it both ways with these boats being charter boots they're that easy to own and operate on the private side of things too because you don't need to be a rocket scientist to use them well look right at your window right there where you're at nick i mean john and his family there just took delivery of a 44 aquila i spent friday afternoon with them well the family flew in they hopped on the boat and the way the basin is there where nick is he's got a floating dock which makes it nice but the wind's blowing in out of the east and he's just got that boat pinned up against the dock yeah and the the guy that just took ownership of this boat and goes captain keith you guys how what are we going to do how we can get out of here because i don't have a bow thruster i said you don't need it i said those engines are set so far apart and these aquilas that you know you just walk it walk the dog one in and out of gear a snap and that thing you know spins back around and i don't care if it's a single engine monohull a a cat boat whatever if you can back into the wind and back into the current you're gonna have the most control and you know when captain sandy and i were talking an interview same thing we were talking about that so once you get the boat swung and these aquilas those engines are so set so far apart it just makes it so easy i mean it's the maneuvering of it it's unbelievable so we backed the boat out of there spun it around took off he got behind the wheel and that afternoon we came back in he pulled in and docked it he spent saturday with another captain and ran the boat almost he's good to go man i mean they're they're they're loving life yeah they're actually easier to operate than a monohull so you know a couple of things that came up that i thought i should cover so a lot of these people you know or people in general talk about charter boats these aquila power caps that we're putting into the charter fleet are specked out identical to the retail votes right so a lot of the charter companies typically would dummy down the boat we don't do that um so a lot of the retail private owners even usually go and charter first to see how well they're going to learn about the greater about what options figure out hey what options am i going to add so the only thing we don't put on them is things that we don't need we don't need radar down there we don't need a spotlight because they don't operate at night but otherwise like i said it's all the same equipment same engine same thingy davit so these are not you know dummy down boats and uh that's part of the reason too they're very popular in the back end on the retail side when they come out of the fleet because it's a standard boat it just has a couple of hours you know a boat that's coming out of uh three years so typically that's the other thing people ask how many hours is it going to have well like i said this is distances are very short so they're only doing 200 maybe 300 hours a year of usa now the generators do get quite a bit so you will have you know by the end of three years you have three thousand four thousand five thousand hours depending power boaters like their air conditioning so that thing does run but that's the other thing we haven't dummy down to generators we don't we don't get the smallest generator you can we actually get the biggest so we can fit into these boats so you know that way people don't have to power manage that way it doesn't work as hard that way it's going to last longer so those are the differences between maureen max and the akilah's and all the other operators so i've got a funny story when i when i first had my opportunity for a job at marine mac st pete i was really really nervous and really scared because you know marine maxine pc aquila hub you come into our marina there's at least a dozen 44s here at any given time and and i remember losing a lot of sleep the night before because i was like man if i go in there and joshua the general manager says all right you're a captain let's uh let's see let's see how good you are i i had this irrational thought in my head of him saying let's i need you to get on that big scary akilah 44 and take it out of it slip and put it back in and i thought that was going to happen and it's funny looking back now i i can parallel park in aquila 44 with probably a foot to spare on each side but i still can't parallel park my truck so so that's that so just to give you an idea you do not need to be a rock star captain and that's a question that you know i'm sure raoul gets a lot on the charter side of things is hey do i need a captain with a boot do i need a charter booth with a captain a lot of most people do it by themselves isn't that right yeah a big percentage of them so depending on your experience level so i'll tell you a little bit about the chartering so when you want to go charter you complete a simple resume and give it to your experience not everybody has a license but some people as you know will have 50 foot sea rays out here but they don't have a captain's license um so complete the resume and we'll tell you we also offer a program where you get down there where we put a captain on board for a couple of hours just to make sure you feel comfortable we take you out of the slip we bring you back in right that's his most stressful time and boating in general is getting out of the marina and getting back in so we take all that stress out of it we send you a bunch of videos ahead of time so you're familiar with the boat and the operation of the boat um like you said it's very these aquilas are very simple to operate um but yeah so that's how you can kind of find out now i can tell you this even when i go on vacation sometimes if i have if you have a bunch of kids and i don't want to be i mean my kids have been going since they were a pack and play right um if i don't want that stress of watching the boat and watching for kids hire a captain what the heck yeah it only cost you 200 bucks a day they do take a cabin but sometimes too the experience you have with the local captains taking you to places you've never even heard of i mean like the hidden coves and the nice local restaurant that you didn't know about because everybody goes to the tourist spots it's definitely worthwhile for you know first time even i have a couple of voters that always think a captain and they are interesting yeah that's an interesting so it all depends and definitely if you're going first time or if you go into a bigger boat hire a captain some of the captains even you know if you wanted to you can request one that goes home at night just drop him off somewhere where he can go find a place to sleep but uh yeah but they are easier to to drive but it's probably 50 50 captain no captain and then of course we also have a program where it's all inclusive captains yeah all your food all your meals and that will be on the 54. all right we're walking with us here once they hate a chuck and hey chuck got another question here from from paul here um says is marine mac's going to add more locations i assume he's talking about the charter but he may not have been in here on the first part of the show where you were talking about some of the other partners we've got throughout the throughout the world actually right all right so i'll educate everybody on the whole charter business so yes i mean well first of all we don't necessarily want to be the largest we just want to make sure we stay the best right we believe that we provide the best boats best service so that's you know that's no easy task so we want to concentrate on the bbis we're in the bahamas right now and then some of these other places yes we'll we'll look at it but it's very difficult to start or cost not cost effective to start a new operation with a small fleet so in some of these places we'll partner with people that are already sailboat operators mainly and then they'll manage the boats for us and to do that operation because even if we start five boats you still need a base managing your customer service you need all those folks and that's tough to to produce enough revenue to cover all that expense now you get to 10 boats 15 boats and then it starts making sense so for example in the bahamas we've partnered with somebody they we did the reverse for them when they went to the bbi's now they're helping us out in in the bahamas so they're managing seven of our boats right now and they have about 12 sailboats so as we get bigger enough to well if the relationship and they do all the things that we're asking to we'll keep it that way if not eventually as we get bigger we may have to hire our own staff and do our own operation but yeah so we have pacific northwest is the same way australia greece and croatia and then some of these other places too the seasons are so short like in the mediterranean it's you know very short seasons so you got to make sure you have a different program and and it works you need somebody go over and check out one of those ones in croatia bro there you go let's go man hey before we end this episode off with the 54 which we're going to be talking about we have had quite a few questions come in on youtube some good questions too we have buck naked here don't know if that's his name but he says it's a good question he says so how often does a 36 have to be rented to pay for the upkeep etc how much time would that leave for me to use the boot this is on a 36 cuba okay so the 36 again it depends on the program so we're taking that risk on the 36 if you go the guarantee program if you go the variable program it all depends so most but usually you need minimum about i don't know 14 weeks uh you'll be used after 14 weeks you start making money cover your expenses plus make a little bit of money now and that's in the bahamas for example because bahamas is a little bit shorter season we wrote our numbers based on doing minimum 15. most boats will do 20 to 25 weeks that's the other misconception these boats don't go out 52 weeks a year uh there's maintenance that we have to get done there are typical gaps within reservations you know somebody ends on a sunday well then very difficult for or monday difficult for somebody who's starting a tuesday because you can't start any day of the week so sometimes we create gaps unfortunately so the boats will sit there once we get you know say a boat doing 30 weeks of usage we probably need more votes because you're leaving the typical you know in any destination you have about 12 weeks that you know you're going to sell out around christmas new year's thanksgiving easter you know those are going to have whatever boat you have they're going to uh so it's just filling in all those other gaps the virgin islands the season's a little longer so you get all the people from up north going in the wintertime and then you know summertime you get a lot of the family so but typically around 14 15 weeks to cover all your expenses make a little bit of money after that you're making more now if you're taking christmas new year's those high periods as a user as a owner you're going to produce less revenue right because you know those are the ones that are going to sell out so if you do the variable revenue share program if you do the guarantee program you don't care because we're gonna sell you a check no matter what yeah yeah that's an interesting take on the two programs got two more questions here this one's from angel suarez on an own charter boot are we limited to the 10 passengers i have a family of 17 with four grandchildren under six years old would be a we would travel together on a most times it will be 12. so i guess what are the limitations for the different size boats and who sets those limitations great so so that's a great question uh so there are limitations laws that you have to obey by and it and the virgin islands specifically if you vote if the boat has more than 12 passengers you're not considered a commercial boat so you have so the boat's got to be different specs different signage uh rail height uh all kinds of stuff that has to change to do that um i mean it's very difficult because we do have a 36 ferry boat a couple of them operating in the virgin islands and it's a totally different requirement and then of course if you're in the u.s waters you got to go buy the jones act 12 pack if you hire a captain but yeah so the 30 36 max is six legally uh for sleeping aboard right during the day you can do day trips close to shore not a problem for the 44 max is eight you got the three cabins you can sleep two more in the salon the 48 you can do 12 you got sorry uh four cabins so you got eight plus two ten and then the 54 you can do really you can do 12 max record we're actually limiting it to 11. you get the five cabins um and then the salon does not convert on the 54. but there is a small skipper cabin up front in the bow that's so 11 on the 54. we gotta go but we gotta go by those rules we gotta make sure we have all the life jackets on board the other thing you gotta think about on these boats is we spent probably 20 30 grand in equipment linens you know coffee mugs uh forks so we got to make sure we have enough for for the people on board that are going to be spending a week on board good stuff that was a good question angel one more question from buck naked again how does the rental program affect my insurance on the boot how does insurance work so when it's in a program we actually we have a policy for other boats so if you're under the guaranteed is included we cover it if it's a revenue share program we just tell you what that cost is for the insurance so but no you regular insurance companies would probably have a hard time uh knowing if you're going to be chartering the boat yeah yeah i figured that's a question that comes up with a lot too with different charter programs whether it's central marine max or not so all right we've got about 15 20 minutes left here and if gabriel's watching he's gonna kill me but as of right now at this moment there are only two people in the entire world that have sold and delivered a 54 akilah and they both happen to be on this screen right now and uh i'm one of them poll number one which is in private ownership and raul sold hall number two this is a boat that has about 40 hulls right now pre-sold the the hottest yacht arguably ever released the 54 akilah akilah really flex their muscles with this yacht stepping it up with quality space innovativeness and everything and we're almost seeing equal success on the private side of things and the charter side of things we're gonna get into the private side probably we can do a whole episode of but what is this 54 or is i guess you're calling it the the 545 the 545 whatever it is in charter how does this look for the marine max charter program the marine max vacation what kind of experience is the 54 providing the 54 aquila providing that we didn't offer before tell me about what this looks like for everybody uh well the you know i don't want to talk did the 44 and the 48 have been great vessels again compared to anything else out there in the charter market those are you know the best top of the line for that size category the 54 is just like you said another level step up uh from a finished point of view layout i mean it's massive it's beautiful that fly bridge oh man um yeah the you know just the the room the comfort you know you got a 54 with a full beam master up front king-sized bed how many charger boats in that size do you see with a king-sized bed and then the other cabins the guest cabins are similar to what the 48s where you can still walk around the bed right so you're not jumping you're having to jump up to the bed like some of the other boats walk around very very comfortable cabins uh that's another key feature in the aquila's you're not sharing the heads you're not sharing the bathrooms so every cabin has its own bathroom which is great when um when you're in charter with family or friends that's a good point too i walked a 85 foot mono hall which was an awesome boat it's one of the yacht brands we carry and when you're talking about that that's another benefit to the catamarans that we didn't we didn't hit on before that privacy you have i mean completely two split calls full beam master up front crew quarters in the back on 54. even if you're on an 85 or 100 foot mono hull you're still almost always sharing a wall with somebody on a 44 or 54 you're on complete separate sides of the boat you can really only get that privacy in a catamaran and like you're talking about there the size of the staterooms on each hall and you're on a completely different side of the boat with somebody you're never sharing a wall with somebody on that boat and that's a lot to be said for that lost your micro bro we lost your mic we got you back all right how was confidence i put it over here rewind about 10 seconds so i said that's the other great thing on the uh the akiba is right that salon where you're sitting another key feature you're sitting in a salon in the visibility you can see all the way around and even in the cabins versus the modern hall a model house sometimes you feel like you're going into a dungeon right it's very dark i mean this just i mean it's incredible the the view the windows again the flybridge is one of my favorite spots on that 54. yeah yeah picture myself sitting up there barbecuing right um the oh the other key feature in the aikidos of course how easy it is to get around the boat right you have portuguese flybridge you can go down from the flybridge down to the bow so you're not running down and around um so it's very easy to drop anchor pick up a mooring ball um you know guys like you guys easily just you can single handle the boat gray visibility there is i mean bow to stern every single aspect of the boot that they have knocked it out of the park the bow all of that real estate up there is now usable with seats cup holders a whole nine yards you make your way around the sides like you said i mean they're at least i'd say i don't know the measurements but you there's no walking sideways with buckets on the side of a 54. oh even a big guy like me can walk straight oh man i mean i can't tell you how many mono holes i've been on like 64 68 footers that you're turning sideways on you go back right the amount of shade on a half deck of a 54 is something that i couldn't really fathom from the renderings until you get on a boat where it's like wow you've got a whole other area back there that you can hang out in and enjoy your dinner bringing your way all the way up to the top of the boat with that portuguese bridge that raul talked about you can walk all the way around with a full sky deck up there too with another grill a lot of them have the option for the the fully enclosed bridge which is really luxurious or not i mean you're down in british virgin islands there's a euro style where it's just the three panes of glass up on the front which i think looks awesome by the way when i saw hole number two get here you make your way inside the boot in the size of the salon with that island i remember one of the first trips i did on 5401 and we're on our way back from illinois and there's four grown adults lounging out sleeping on different couches and that's when i thought man at that moment right there i said this boot is worth the hype it is 100 percent worth all the hype that it has created and uh and it's exciting for sure hey so i've lost my kids out of 48 before i can only imagine 50 out of 54. i mean there's so many places like you said so even if you had four couples five couples yeah you can spray it out and not see each other i mean it's it's just huge and it's laid out go ahead no go ahead it's a 54 it's a question for you is it 54 in charter five or four state rooms it's a five state room so you got the big master full beam up or another almost full beam up front you got a huge guest cabin on the port side and then you have two on the starboard side and then you have the bunks and aft which will be great if you do hire a captain or kids that's where my the youngest one wants to go hang out yeah yeah we actually had a question from lex on here on on the facebook side of it about the different layouts whether it's private use or charter use on a 54 yeah so most of the ones going into the are the five state room ones um it just produces more revenue because there's really not many options out for charter with five cabins so most of the 54s will be the five state room one uh especially if they choose the guarantee program it will be the five cabin one we can look at potentially a four cabin one um variable where the where the order covers the the expenses and that was you just reminded me too so some people have called said hey i bought this voting can you put it into our charter fleet we only put brand new boats that have been purchased to go into those programs so we don't and then we only take a kilos too so it's only the uh because you gotta remember we have i don't know how many hundreds of thousands of dollars and parts down so all the boats are pretty much specked out the same same generator same engine so we can carry spare parts we can't afford to have have different systems and different parts because you know if something breaks we got to be able to repair it all right so got a good question just rolled in here before we wrap this up it's from paul jagnik because can you talk about the exit plan at the end of the ownership and how many years is the boat in yeah so new programs are three years with a guaranteed program you have the option then to extend to up to two years under the revenue share or variable exit plan you have options we cover this so you can either trade and stay into the program we even have an option that you can trade into anything brand new marine max offers right even in the states in the states if you wanted to buy you know something else when you get back here you can do that uh you can list it with us to brokerage if you decide you don't want to keep it or you can uh finish if you finance finish paying your note and go cruising so you have multiple or and the other one is you can look for uh what we call second-tier charter companies guys will take yeah hold their boats into their fleets so there you go you have multiple multiple options to to wrap it up and we typically plan like six months the boat leads the fleet so we kind of have a plan in place before he leaves all right we got about five minutes but there is some awesome awesome awesome questions here on youtube so i think it's worth giving them a rapid fire so we're gonna we're gonna answer these questions really quick because they're really really good and i and i want to get them answered one this is for you raul dr brett robotsky raul is a great guy so they say he says what's the story from an what's the story with an upgrade from a 44 to a go so we can do it let's do it brett uh so brad we can definitely do it uh right now we gotta plan ahead because i only have one boat left for the next basically 12 months because all the other ones have been pre-sold into charter the 50 so we do need to plan and then it's probably going to be a 2023 event or late 2022 event and of course the 44 is in high demand too so if you decide to trade that one in you'll do uh very well that's it people got to be looking way ahead right now yeah you have to plan yeah then we've got we've got buck naked again that says with the 36 hydrofoil running 300s how many hours can you put on the engine before it needs to rebuild so buck it's uh i mean it's the same it's the same as just a regular 300 your maintenance is every 100 hours are your annuals it's all in maintenance i mean i've there's plenty of charter guys running those those new 300 v8s with four or five thousand hours or even more right now so there there is no difference but that's a good question got angel suarez with another good rapid fire question here can i ordered a 54 with a convertible dinette in order to accommodate two more passengers similar to the to the 44. we can look at it but again the max is going to be 12. so you can add more bats i mean there's you can actually in the salon the back cushions can come off so if you have kids they can sleep there you don't really need to convert it yeah there's there's a good area too behind that couch on the starboard side yeah that uh you can definitely put a push back yeah one more and this is a really good question brian climbs does marine max have any financing partnerships why don't you talk about that for from the charter standpoint because that was actually one of my questions for you really quick just two minutes how do are a lot of people paying cash for these boots or are they financing them out it depends most or financing it depends we got a couple of cash buyers but yeah you can finance we do have uh in-house financing or a team here that handles that there are a couple of bank not all banks will finance these boats because they're going to be offshore right so if somebody defaults but they know marie max they know our program so we do have three banks that we send you know you still have to qualify just like any other purchase uh but typically people will take out a 15 year no uh finance they want to see the management agreements purchase agreement but yeah you can finance it now our interest rates are so low right now that the guarantee payment we're going to give you if you go that route is going to be more than cover the notes so you're actually going to have positive cash flow and most people apply that positive cash flow to the note so at the end of the program they're even in a better situation if they're going to trade or sell it or whatever at that point they can refinance even if they wanted to keep the boat yeah like a no-brainer we try to make it that way so i think we lost nick he just froze up there but april smith just checked in here raul says howdy from the one-eyed dog crew yes i love the one-eyed dog crew absolutely larry and april yes yep they did the great loop right they did yeah they did the great luke so they're an example to somebody that chartered first before they bought a boat i i happened to be get lucky and sold in that boat there are 44 that they're on now i hear i hear larry wants a 54 but april's saying no i don't know you never know right that's right that's right so i mean like you said things you got to be looking way down the road right now so like another year out there absolutely absolutely hey you missed it nick april from the one-eyed dog crew just said hello she just checked in here so i don't know if they're over in your marina now or not larry yeah yeah so they're cruising they're on the other side of florida right now yeah very clear yeah she lives in palm harbor right yeah the daughter was yeah so she wasn't there yesterday so this wi-fi as everybody knows is an absolute gremlin with me but i've got great news because starting next week keith and i are going to be rocking and rolling again in person together and i am looking forward to one using your wi-fi and two getting a chance to hang out again and and continue this boating tips live yeah actually we're going to sit out next week nick that's memorial day and we just want to say thank you to all the veterans out there and uh absolutely to everybody that's sacrificed for this great country and all the all they've done you know so everybody have a safe happy you know remembrance uh you know think think back and then just say thank you you know absolutely that's for sure well wrong you want to take us on out of here nick i'll take this out yeah it's uh you're gonna tell everybody you're gonna tell them where they can get more info yeah sure somebody behind the scenes ought to put a little uh link up in there the man behind the curtain or or lady behind the curtain go ahead and uh post that link to the marine max vacations and the charter got ownership program if we could also put raul's information down what is that so it says at least it's out here audible wise so it is uh mariemaxfications.com you can go in there you can request brochures there's a page on uh frequently you can download frequently asked questions about the ownership program you can request more information and then i can send you sample performance so you can see you know for the people that want to look at what numbers look like uh i will tell you 90 of the owners have charter before so they get to see the operation get to see the boats before they buy into the program so and then i'm usually pretty good about responding and talking to you about the different options tammy's got your back tammy where they just jumped in here and she put all the links in there i know it's it's kind of weird it's not showing up on our our screens on here on the program that we're using nick and i are having to kind of watch it on our phones here which may look seem a little awkward but so so it's on there now though for the for the replays great thank you keith so raul thank you man it's great seeing you i learned a lot man just i need to get down there and get on one of those you know yeah you do let's go we can lead one of those flotillas we got to get that sorted to a flotilla yep absolutely we actually talked about it but then kovid kind of knocked that down but i think uh maybe this winter could be a good thing we'd love to have you better plant early though it's breaking up like crazy i'm sure so well once again thanks everybody for taking the time and and watching this with us uh like nick said earlier in the in the program when we first started uh anywhere you listen to your blogs your you know apple music or whatever uh you'll be able to get us there and uh youtube and facebook so once again thank you thanks raul let's say thanks for nick we lost him his wi-fi down here at the store is not the best and uh happy memorial day everybody be safe out there we'll see you out on the

  Top Comments:
  1. @MarineMaxOnline: Find Your Boat: https://bit.ly/3nJGbN2
  2. @micjbaron: I really want a 54 for on Lake Michigan. How do I find a boat yard that can handle a 25’ beam? My concern is that there is nothing around to haul out and service it

- Asking Yacht Owners How They Got RICH!: Kind: captions Language: en all right you guys my guy just pulled up on a yacht right here we're going to go and figure out what he was able to do to afford this and see if this is his boat let's see what he has to say excuse me sir question for you man is this your yacht yeah yeah yeah and what do you do for living out in Miami to be able to afford a yacht man seriously what do you do for living well I run a Healthcare Company a Healthcare Company how long have you been a business owner for uh 4 years over the last four years what's the most amount of money that you've ever made in a single year about 25 million 30 million and then we did around 19 million in profit 10 million now we go all over the country just asking people how they became successful for the younger generation is it cool if we ask you a few questions for the channel just ask you want to interview absolutely man come on board appreciate you dude all right let's [Music] go Miami Florida is home to nearly 40,000 million years and if you've ever been to Miami you know that there's always some multi-million dollar yachts sprad out on the water but what exactly do these people do well today we're going to find out just that and I'm going to be going all over the wealthiest parts of Miami to ask multi-millionaires and Yacht owners what they did to be able to afford these boats and how you can start your path to becoming financially free in 2024 so with that being said let's get this video on the way all right you guys we just got to our first Marina out here in Miami Florida there's a couple people out on their Yachts right now I'm going to go up and see if we can talk to these people get some game what they were able to do to be able to afford these Yachts out here in Miami excuse me sir quick question for you man is this your yacht yeah it is and what do you do for living out in Miami to be able to afford a yacht man I'm actually in e-commerce how long have you been a business owner for um I've been in e-commerce for about 4 years now 4 years and over these last 4 years what's the most amount of money that you've ever made in a single year last year we did $30 million $30 million 32 million yeah and then we did around 19 million in profit how old are you now I'm 22 you're 22 years old and how old were you when you became a millionaire let me tell you something first all right do you want me to go deep yeah go deep okay so when I was 5 years old I witnessed my mom get you know she died in front of my eyes at 16 years old my best friend got shot in the head at 17 years old I got kicked out of college at 19 years old I was a millionaire so embracing the struggle realizing that the struggle is what makes you you is what's going to help you get to where you want to be and realizing that the struggle is just preparing you for the person that you need to be to Steward that is going to help you and realizing that you know God does everything for a reason like you might not understand it now your whole situation might be completely [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up right now but if you just see that bigger picture and you're able to work towards it don't just sit there and pray but work towards it and work on those prayers you're going to get there it's only a matter of time but you have to focus on your own race how can somebody go from seven to eight figures the biggest thing with going from seven to eight figures is trying to get out of that kind of like solo preneur mindset and thinking that you can do it all by yourself making a million dollars you can do it by yourself is not that hard you know it might take you a little bit of time but going from 7 to8 figures you need to start delegating and relieving your time because as an entrepreneur you have to realize that your biggest asset is your time and the most important thing for you to do is create ideas and then delegate those ideas to the worker because that's what the school system was built for for the workers do you know the story about free thinkers and workers and why the school system was created well I I think it's kind of how to like the Rockefellers exactly John D Rock Feller created the education board in 1903 and he said that he wanted a nation of workers not freeth thinkers so who are the workers who are the free thinkers the workers are the people who work for the freeth thinkers people who come up with their own ideas and then delegate them for a fraction of the money and then they go and do the work for the freeth thinkers and make them the big money so once you get from that seven figure Mark and you're trying to get to eight figures find people who are smarter than you you know I dropped out of college you know I'm not the smartest in the group but I have people who work for me who went to Yale I have a person who worked for me who went to Stanford my CFO went to Harvard so it's a about being able to pay people what they valued at so that you can get what you want in return and what keeps people broke in today's world mindset it's 80% mindset and 20% skill set once you get the mindset now it's time to apply the skill set but you can't start thinking about making money until you are in the mind to learn how to Steward that money and multiply that money otherwise you're never going to be able to get more majority of people if I gave you a million dollars right now you would be broken 6 months not because you're stupid it's because you don't have the mindset to Steward that money and you don't know what to do with it when you get it but if you have the skill set and you have the mind then you're bound to turn that into 10 million in 6 months that was phenomenal absolutely man oh man all right you guys so the first interview of the day just went crazy my guy made over $30 million this last year but what did he say was the number one thing that's keeping people broke in today's world it's their mindset he said it was 80% mindset and 20% skill set for him and that's how he was able to become a millionaire at 19 years old this video just got off to a crazy start but we got tons more to come so let's go get this next one come on all right you guys we're at our next Marina right now man and as you can see this video is super hard to make because of how private it is man super high net worth individuals man it's not easy to get access to these people to own these boats but ultimately all you can do is keep trying we're going to find a way in there's no way that we're leaving this video without getting on one of these Yachts man so let's see what they have to say this guy's coming out right here our guy's coming to the gate right now so we're going to try to get in here you trying to come in yes sir I got a question for you what's that so um I started a Channel at the University of Texas at Austin I grew I grew I grew to over 3 million followers and I go all over the country I'm based in Austin just ask you want to interview just a few questions is that cool so you don't even know who I am yet do you not yet sir i' love to find out there I'm going to find the most famous guy you'll ever meet here I believe it is that true could we do it over here is that cool over by the boat yeah come on let's go awesome man I appreciate that what industry did you decide to pursue a career in I've been in every industry and I've done everything I ended up owning a uh large strip club the largest strip club in Connecticut I'm also a certified gemologist precious gems I had high-end jewelry stores I also had a gambling ship in the west coast of Florida I owned a major motion picture movie studio the biggest east of the Mississippi River how can somebody get a yacht in today's world buy one by how old are you now oh let me see how old am I now um the Sun is going around the earth 72 times I guess yeah yeah everybody calls me up and says Rick how the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] are you still alive and my answer is I don't have a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] clue right if you were to go back in time and have a conversation with your 20-year-old self what's the best advice that you would give to your younger self so I'll tell you this um Steph jobs said it beautifully and I love what he said and what he said was this you could have a Timex watch you could have a Rolex watch they will both tell you the right time and then he also said you can get somewhere in your Rolls-Royce or you can get somewhere in your little Volkswagen which maybe cost $1,000 but they will both still get you there and that to me is the smartest thing anybody could ever say so it's not a question of money it's a question the way you are the way you treat life the way you treat yourself the way you treat others and me personally I love everybody and everybody knows that what's your best self-improvement advice to somebody out there the best thing I could tell anybody is you know what when you hit bottom the only way to go is up okay so you can hit bottom but then from there you go up and start going to the top and have you ever been broke before of course who hasn't been and what was that Turning Point like for you like like how how did you know that you wanted to become serious about really becoming successful and finding that success you know something there's an old saying I think it was done by uh Caesar or somebody it says know thyself you got to know yourself you got to know what's good for you what's not good for you use your brain use the brain that God gave you all right you guys so we were waiting over on the other side of the gate my guy Rick sauce he came over L uson and just did a great interview outside of the boat man some of my favorite life advice that I've ever heard was just dropping that interview when he brought up how Steve Jobs said it doesn't matter if you have a Timex or Rolex on it still tells the same time regardless or if you're driving in a Volkswagen or Rolls-Royce they both get you from point A to point B don't get caught up stressing about what other people have what you don't have man those people put more Blood Sweat and Tears than 99% of other people so just remember that you're on your own journey and if you want great things it takes sacrifice man but we're all going to make this happen let's go get this next interview excuse me guys question for you man would love to ask you guys just a couple quick questions on some advice to the younger generation is that cool when me see your Instagram I got you brother what industry did you decide to pursue a career in basically uh entertainment what was the most amount of money that you ever made in a single year 25 million $25 million how long have you been a business owner for business owner since the age of 18 how old are you now 56 you're 56 years years old actually actually what's the secret to looking so young at 56 I'm not going to say Hollow oil um just a good life and keep it simple let me ask you this if you were to go back to when you started your first business what's the number one thing that you wish you would have known go to school go to school education yeah yeah get a better education if I had a better education it be a lot further along a lot younger that's the best best advice I can give you so you say that a college degree is kind of necessary to be successful college degre is college degree is definitely not necessary to be successful but it gives you the tools to uh to make better decisions right and I guess among yourself and the most highly successful people that you study and know what is that one trait that they all have in common risk take the risk can't take the risk and not going to get the reward that's what it comes down to take the risk or lose the chance exactly what was the biggest risk that you took throughout your career everything I've done make a leap believe in yourself make that take that chance now have you ever been broke before oh absolutely yeah 100% and how old were you when you became a millionaire 24 how did you find that self-belief though to be able to do all these amazing things right cuz a lot of people they doubt themselves that is one denominator we just can't teach you have to believe in yourself and if you don't have that belief because we need people that don't believe either we need those guys who going to turn and crank the shafts and you know turn those wheels so we can't all be winners so we had just pulled up on our next shot and my guy franker was so nice to do the interview with us but my number one takeway from that interview was that the biggest thing that enabled him to make $25 million in a single year and become a millionaire in his early 20s wasn't a particular skill that he learned it wasn't a person that came and gave him the money but rather it was the self-belief that he found in himself see the most successful people man they have this unwavering belief that they're going to achieve that success and you can't teach that or give that to anybody else man so shout out to that man frankco man let's go get this next one yacht yeah and what do you do for living out in Miami to be able to afford a yacht man seriously what do you do for living well I run a Healthcare Company a Healthcare company and how long have you been a business owner for uh 4 years over the last 4 years what's the most amount of money that you've ever made in a single year 10 million $10 million now we go all over the country just asking people how they became successful for the younger generation is it cool if we ask you a few questions for the channel absolutely man come on board let's run it can we run it cool all right let's go so you ready to do this can let me show you the boat around first is that cool yeah yeah all right man let's do it among yourself and the most highly all have in common I will tell you one thing man one thing these people all have in common sometimes man they're not that bright I don't know they're they're crazy and so forth but they're all hungry as hell it's it's insane it's like they're crazy to a point they're they're all super super super hungry it's like I'm going to do it I'm going to do this and I'm going to do that and they execute it's not OBS like they'll they'll execute on their craziness so I'd say hunger Hunger and actually executing on it but hunger the first thing these guys don't stop scheming and thinking of how they're going to get to the next level and all it's it's insane have you ever been broke before Jesus yes yes yes like yes people having to donate food to to my family you know for a couple of weeks we yeah yeah I know what that's like what was the number one book that changes your life or number one book that changes your business that you think everybody should read your number one book recommendation dude I don't want to be cliche what what I'm going to say here people are going to be like ah but if you really really really go into it with like as an entrepreneur you're going to be really surprised especially to certain sections of this book and some of you already know what I'm going to say it's the Bible bro it's the Bible I'm so the the amount of entrepreneurs in that Bible is insane don't go read the I'm talking about just even if you don't believe in God or whatever just go read on the entrepreneurship lessons man it's insane there's nothing to me and I reflect on that's that I always reflect on that and then yeah you got other books that will I think complement even the Bible like Think and Grow Rich and you know absolutely but I start and end always with the Bible how important has that Faith been to the success of your business oh that's everything that's that's everything this wouldn't have happened without that this wouldn't happened without my faith without the the the woman that I'm with which is my wife for almost a decade that's a whole different conversation those are the pillars the spiritual pillars that have held up the person of you know who I am when the you know the going gets rough it's like whoa It's Rocky like who's here with me and you know what do I hang on to yeah it's my faith it's my marriage and then you know the my I have friends that have been with me for years you know that I'm I can always hang on to so your circle of uh spiritual components has to be strong absolutely last thing I want you to tell them and I want you to look at them and you got to tell them the importance of believing in yourself and and your dream like you you never gave up you had that Vision you had that dream and you believed in it all along tell him so listen if you're in doubt man and I I wish I could just reach out to you grab you by the face right now if you're in doubt do not doubt bro do not doubt okay you can do it you can do it there's a God that loves you and if you have those goals and and dreams in your life you you will get it listen you have to build the confidence for you to build the confidence you got to hit the goals for you to hit the goals you have to design the timeline and the process to do it okay and it's daily steps daily promises to yourself don't break promises to yourself or else you're breaking promises with the world around you with your goals that you've set up you want to hit those goals discipline uh yourself to hit those daily goals to ultimately hit your big goal and all of a sudden all of a sudden you'll walk into a room and people will be like wow that person's full of confidence wow that person look at their watch look at what they got no because daily they hit the promises that they promis themselves and then they hit those goals they put at the end of their timeline go get it hey they don't teach fession in school you guys that was phenomenal all right you guys my guy Dr D made $10 million this last year and he's one of the most successful Healthcare entrepreneurs in the entire world and he was nice enough to not only let us come on his yob but he just took us all around Miami giving some insights for the younger generation out there but I have a very special announcement to make for you guys we just launched the Hardo newsletter where we're going to be sending out weekly updates insights and lessons from some of the most successful entrepreneurs in the entire world you won't want to miss it so subscribe now the link is in the description but with that being said like And subscribe for amazing content on the way and click here to watch our full video going all over Dallas asking multi-millionaires how they became wealthy and how you can start your path to becoming financially free in 2024

  Top Comments:
  1. @theschoolofhardknocks [26 likes]: Subscribe to our newsletter here: https://schoolofhardknocks.beehiiv.com/subscribe
  2. @ΝικόλαοςΧαλδεάκης [4 likes]: the black kid has a really powerful soul! All the best for him!!
  3. @Mr_Absolute_Official [1 likes]: wish i could afford a yatch
  4. @GUSTAVO-p7c7k [1 likes]: The first guy. God bless him. A year ago I watched this video. A few days later a tragedy happened in my family. It's been a very difficult and painful life but this last year has been the worst year in my entire life by far. Today I was particularly depressed but remmembered this video. I was able to find it and this first guy helped me a lot. God bless him.
  5. @arjuns5424: 5:36
Just buy one. It's that simple
  6. @slothmandela: 56!
  7. @dodge33445: 5:57    Dude isnt rich... THat old BUCKET of a boat is like from the 1980s..
  8. @cheetahpig1456: this first guy has 10's of millions but cant even afford to fix the glass on his old azz yacht? I'm sorry but i call b.s
  9. @MIL_BanhadE.1031.: just more keep moving
  10. @pistachiosandpopcorn7146: The guy that says “they’re not that bright”…we should redefine bright.  Like for all these years you’ve been programmed to think some kid that graduates suma cum fuck you laude is the smartest there is… and I disagree.  I think the smartest is the most functional person in society …able to survive
  11. @Studio301s2h: and ...i thought i was crazy when I opposed the education system ,... don't get me wrong i have many "degrees" it doesn't do anything
  12. @richardramfire3971: I liked the ripped guy with the shades. He was so positive
  13. @ChainlinkChronicles: I think there’s a better way. I laid it out in my channel.
  14. @KimberlyKelly2000: Why is it just the younger generation? Anyone can start a business at any age!
  15. @lindasensabaugh4013: 40 yrs with a great company and the stock market made my millions. My company offered profit sharing to upper management.  I matched what they put in. Retired in 2019 with portfolio over 3million. Have grown that nest egg since 2019 by 30%.  Save and invest!!!
  16. @DianaOtieno-p4p: Respect
  17. @xanblacq: Thank you for this.
  18. @wordhannah528: I have a business idea for you😊 Start making t-shirts with the following printed on it: 
"With That Being Said"...... 
Since it was my idea please don't forget my royalty😅😅
  19. @FikirteYared: God bless this guy and you
  20. @electronicmusic1289: Well this young man talks with 3x speed so he has a good chance of askings 10 questions per second😅

- Here's the skinny on Charter Yacht Ownership - Ep 92 Sailing Luckyfish: Kind: captions Language: en <i></i> Well Hey everyone and welcome to this episode from Luckyfish. I'm Stewart and this is Zaya. Normally we are sailing our reasonably priced catamaran Luckyfish across an ocean or around the islands. But this year we stayed in Mongolia to have this little guy. And work on the next project Project X We'll be revealing what that's all about in a so be sure to subscribe and don't miss it. Now we left you with a bit of a cliffhanger last week. Until I'm ready and then I'm going to buy a phased out Moorings charter That's the stupidest thing you could ever do because. So let's get straight back to Stephen and Estelle from Catamaran Guru in Florida. Oh and by the way I apologize for the video quality in this episode. It's the audio that matters and Stephen and Estelle have got a lot of behind the scenes information. So enjoy. I find that you know I speak to people that say well I'm going to wait until I'm ready and then I'm going to buy a phased out Moorings charter boat. because if you buy a new boat you have it in the management program it basically is cash neutral anyway at the end of five years you are where you would have been if you just bought a Moorings boat and you haven't had any benefit of worldwide sailing the pride of ownership of a new boat. Plus you know exactly what boat you're getting at the end. So it makes far more sense to get into a charter program and end up with a charter boat in your hands than just go and buy someone else's old charter boat who have taken all the benefits of the of the first five years. And once you once you do the numbers it's quite shocking how much better it is to actually going to a like of Moorings or Sunsail or Dream yacht type program the guaranteed program. So Chris how does the owner use and financial projections compare with what Dream Yacht gave you. So I'm just finishing up my books for the last year and I was pretty impressed with how well I did financially on the boat useage I tallied up my days of usage and I had over 160 days of revenue income from last year. So I'll make a pretty decent profit against all my expenses against my mortgage insurance and everything. So it's a legitimate business. Fantastic. Now yeah, just pulling you back on that point There Stephen about the depreciated ex Moorings boat that comes out I would just say that there would be the possible exception of the buyer that's buying that boat to use it full time. I know that's rare but of course they don't get that option if they go into the five year plan with a new boat. They don't get a maximum of 12 weeks and none of them ever able to use all 12 weeks they'll get I mean Moorings use points Dream uses weeks or days but it all distills down to exactly the same thing they get two weeks of high use which you can convert to four weeks of low use and there's a there's an owner-use calendar which delineates high and low season there's no shoulder season is just high and low. So you get two high two low and six last minute which with 14 days notice. So unless you are an aircraft pilot with an airline or something he can't get there because last minute flights are so expensive. So realistically you're looking at six. I mean it really really uses his boat will get eight maybe. But you're looking at just six weeks realistically of use. So you're limited to that. You can't use it indefinitely. We have a separate program which is the tax program where you can define the layout of the boat you can decide you want a three cabin. You can decide you want it to be based in the BVI you wanted to find that you only wanted to be chartered 12 weeks a year. You have ways to limit the usage and you can use it as much as you like. The downside is you don't have worldwide reciprocal on that you have to use your own boat. And if you want to take the tax breaks there's some pretty strict IRS rules that you have to comply with. Because if you use it too much then the IRS will say it's a hobby loss and they would disallow your tax breaks. So it gets complicated. But if you want indefinite use "Performance" (program) if you want you if you want to have a lifestyle with no risk it's "Guaranteed" (program) because the Dream pays everything and gives you 9 per cent per year. So it's totally cash neutral. If you think I dont want to own a whole boat we have fractional and then of course if you want to go cruising and you know if we find for guys who want to buy a boat and go cruising we have the brokerage side which we find non charter boats three cabin versions etc. That's pretty expensive boats but you buy right you can end up with a really good boat to go cruising. You know that instead of having to go through the whole charter process. Excellent. Just going back full circle back to the millennials again because the luxury yacht skippered charter thing is as a separate entity again to the kind of bareboat stuff we've been talking about how are Dream,... are managing that too are they? Did you say they kind of like setting up a mom and pop operation and then Dream comes in and buys it. Can you fill me in a little bit more detail around that that sector? But on the luxury crewed what happened is is that we found a need developed for people in their late 30s early 40s who were looking for a new careers. Mostly you'd find they were engineers or working for big oil companies or something and they really had saved money and they're looking for new careers. So we developed a program where where we could buy them a brand new boat to what they needed and put it onto the Dream Yacht platform Dream Yacht it has about a thousand booking agents worldwide. So it's got a massive booking horsepower. So we took some of that booking horsepower and instead of chartering a bareboat you chartered a crewed boat, luxury crewed. So that really developed and we now have a lot of very successful small businesses that operate in their own boats age group is 40 split down operators and they probably you know they're probably doing 15 to 20 charters a year. Average charter fees 15 grand a week. They probably netting out of that about 12. So you know you can do that but that's on a 45. But that's all I've got to 45 foot catamaran So are they are they anything to do a Dream because Dream if they got the thousand booking agents they'd be taking a fairly big slug wouldn't they? in terms of the broker You know the agency fee. Yes that's correct. They Dream. Is the calendar holder so if you take a look If you take a look at a privateer, a privateer will work with all the different yes the different brokers will take 15 to 20 percent of the clearinghouse will only take 2 percent. So they have a potential of 22 per cent commission they will pay. Industry Dream takes 20. If they book in-house they take 25. If there is another broker involved because Dream has to pay the broker so they giving up 3 per cent about 3 per cent but where Dream has changed the game is they've said look if you go out and you market and you and you source a client you only pay 10 percent. So if you dollar cost average it, it's actually cheaper to be on the Dream Yacht platform with all the safety net and security than it is to be a privateer. And right now all our crewed boats they left the BVI they went to Martinique from Martinique they went down they're all sitting in Grenada but they have a home everywhere they go they have a base they have infrastructure they have the technical support everywhere they go. So it's hugely successful I don't think there's a competing product that that can really compete. You know once once you get to the guts of it. So that was the first one right. So yeah. Well and the the really nice thing we encourage first time people would want to do this encourage to go with Dream Yacht like we say you can do that on your own. But it's really really hard to break into this market because there's just really good people and they know them because the agents know them and they preferred to book with that with the people they know. So if you come in as a newbie you will be very lucky to do five charters a year. You look very like the newbies the newbie starve to death in the first couple of years before they develop their reputation with Dream. I mean and there was a guy that came in a couple that coming but then they were exceptionally good. I've got to say that. But they did twenty three weeks the very first year it's unheard of in the industry. So using the Dream on infrastructure it was was massively beneficial. And we have people now that I have used but the model with Dream is you have to buy but Dream has to represent you in some way shape or form in the purchase of the boat. That's the model. So you can't just say ahh, I just bought a boat from the local dealer and I want to come into your fleet. Dream will not allow that. You have to be. You have to be a Dream customer to get into the fleet. Yeah no that takes a little while a few years if you're if you're an owner operator to build up that return custom it's quiet but it does become quite a substantial part of your business. I don't know what you'd like latest experiences but certainly in my day it was around 30 percent cent we could expect to be coming back each year took a few years to build it. But people sort of fall in love with some, something that they are familiar with you know as long as the service is there. Yeah yeah. Yeah. So so yeah. So Dream really are really powering it sounds like it's because they've stitched up the marketing side of things as you say a thousand brokers operating worldwide. I mean marketing is everything. So 20 per cent probably probably cheap for the utilization that you're getting. Well the high end is 25. Right. The high. It's just 25 and then and then that reduces depending on situation. But look if you're starting off when you think well I want to start as a privateer I'm going to kiss everyone's butt to get some business you maybe get seven weeks a year if you're lucky you're starting with Dream with 15 you got double the business anyway and there's a safety net you know you're not you're not on your own. So it's ready for that before the millennial type or the owner operator type it's a great that's a great option. And like you know we keep telling people Look you know if you want to leave the the safety net as we call it by all means but none of them do because it's just so much easier not to have to deal with that with the whole infrastructure of setting up the business and getting the business and keeping a calendar and you know the follow up on clients and so on and so forth. So it really I think it works out for everybody. Sure. So the only stipulation is that Dream must provide the boat must they must touch the boat in some way if it's a brokerage boat then we want to be represent them as their broker puts a new boat obviously they have to buy through the Dream yacht dealership. You know that's that's you know I mean you know there are exceptions but truly that's that's that's the model and it's getting more and more rigid. So I would say that's the rule. And obviously because Stephen and I do it ourselves you know we operate we do seminars on our own boat weekend seminars where we teach people you know all about these programs and how to operate the boat etcetera. So we see where the need is and then develop a program for that. So we are constantly changing things but it is you know as a whole Dream Yacht is a lot more structured. than the other parts of the world. So Chris, You told me that this was part of your retirement plan. Tell us about that. Well I think when the boat's ready to come out of the chartered program we'd like to take it over full time. Maybe we'll continue to charter on our own a little bit as a small mom and pop business but. Well we definitely want the boat more for ourselves so I really wish I would've started this program two or three years earlier. So if I retire next year the boat's ready to come back to us. Well we actually we actually just sold our Lagoon and we've just purchased a Bali 5.4 by Catana which we'll be picking up in October. So, its pretty exciting. We'll be doing the ARC (Atlantic Rally for Cruisers) we'll be using boat for live aboard seminars. Great. Oh well good luck for that exciting times. That's I mean that's a big catamaran my goodness. Ahh, yeah It might be we might we might have actually you know what one too big for ourselves but we'll see we'll do the ARC It's 54 it's it's it's huge I mean it's it's really is a lot bigger than we ever thought we'd get to because costs cost of ownership spikes dockage insurance maintenance everything I should I should have started by asking you what what catamaran are you on and how long have you had it. Currently we're on we're on a Lagoon 450 Sports Top right now. Which we love we love fantastic boat been an absolute wonder it's a great liveaboard boat for a couple and like you said you know a lot of these guys who do crewed charter has one of these boats and so again perfect for charter. Absolutely. But you know we what happened is that Lagoon sold probably more than 40 boats 40 of the 450 sport tops simply because we owned one and we published all the good points etc. So Bali and Catana saw this when it was time to change up. They said right, you are buying the next boat from us guys. So it's it's a cutthroat business out there. Yeah I mean particularly amongst particularly amongst the French manufacturers and are they forming niches because I'm seeing Catana sort of move more towards the center given that they were performance boats and Bali's. He wouldn't say so much for performance Lagoons I guess Lagoons have got that corner haven't they. You know comfort let's say Fontaine Pajot I don't know, where are they placed now? Are they Are they finding niches, the manufacturers? I mean if you want me to summarize them for you I've been to all the factories I've seen all the manufacturing Lagoon from a value perspective still lead the pack and they're very their quality is pretty good and their interiors are great. And you know some of their boats are pretty swift. I mean the 450 is a fast boat. We we competed in regattas with it and actually won. So you know if they rate well. Yeah, multiple they rate well Fountaine Pajot, ... and it just just one more thing is that their second hand value is excellent Yeah Lagoon resell it's good. So your exit strategy is great then you know then the next guy down Is FP. I think FP are still evolving. You know they've got some really pleasing pleasing designs. They sail pretty well and you know they're there they are in the middle of the road guys. I don't think there have. I don't think they have the Lagoon quality yet and then you know Catana started the new Bali range about six years ago I was involved right in the very beginning and they built boats that were just horrible but quality was terrible everything. If you'd told me five years ago we would own a Bali today I would just burst out laughing at you. But I've watched them develop and they've they've now used all their Catana DNA and the Catana DNA slowly moved into the Bali range now and so you start to see really I think that in terms of interior finish now FP and Bali are about the same. But the Bali is definitely a better performing I believe that they've discovered the next wave. You know I see all the guys they think they are building, the foredecks are further and further forwards and the nets are getting smaller and smaller like the old Prouts and I dont know if you know... Yeah I know. Solid foredecks so I think that Catana won the race to the to the front with their Bali the one we bought has a solid foredeck and it's phenomenal, it's the best thing I've ever seen it's stronger than cross beams and nets. It's dry as a bone whereas you know our Lagoon if we pounding to weather we are wet man, it's spray coming, it's we nets all the time. The construction is you know Lagoon are balsa core boats FP balsa core boats Catana have stuck to their DNA. They use Divynicell closed cell foam core boats so construction wise I think Bali moved to the top of the pack in terms of construction materials and design. But they definitely aren't at the top of the pack in terms of interior fit and finish and comfort Lagoon still hold that position Are they all core below the waterline these boats? They all say no, But they are they are the core goes probably a good foot below the waterline on each side you know a couple of years ago I was involved with Prout in the early days and we were there with Diab and we did some some impact testing and we had panels of aluminum. I could say aluminium to you. West epoxy... Us Southerners have to stick together. Come on solid laminate We had we had West system we had vacuum bag cores and then we had infused cores and I discovered then because the old school is all you've got to be. You can't be cored below the waterline. I think that's nonsense. I think it's absolute nonsense because what I witnessed there was incredible to me. I mean you know aluminum got a big dent in it West, the pin went straight through solid laminate The pin went straight through vacuum bag core which is not infused it's just you know you layer your layers as outer skin and you vacuum bag the core and then you lay another skin 2 hits it was through after five hits on the vacuum infused foam core it still was not through. So what I saw was that below the waterline I would much rather have vacuum infused foam core boat because it behaves like a solid laminate when it's vacuum infused. So the Bali is foam I take it not Balsa? The Bali is I mean we were in the factory and you see Catana and you see the Bali, the Catana is black inside because they're using carbon, they are in the same factory, theyre next to eachother And Bali's are all white because they're using regular fiberglass but yeah, all foam core, Divynicell closed cell foam So the DNA of Catana has crept into the Bali so we're very comfortable with the Bali right now. You know I don't think it's as good as the Lagoon interior finish but I think it's far superior in performance, they're very good. So you'll be taking out some more regattas shortly. Well we're going to hope to do very well in the ARC Keep Keep an eye out on us. Very good. Yeah I will. I will. Look guys let's wrap it up there. Thank you very much for the time and I have got to say it was a really informative chat. You've given me a bit to go away and think about and as I say I will come back to you with any questions probably just by e-mail. Thank you very much. You're welcome Stewart Nice to see you. He was talking to you. Likewise. All the best too, with the new boat. Thank you. All right. Well everyone you can find links to connect with Stephen and Estelle from Catamaran Guru in the video description to find out how all this ties in to Luckyfish. Project X and you be sure to tune in to the special announcement tomorrow. Please give the video a like and leave us your comments and questions below. As always a huge thank you to our patrons who make these videos possible. See you all tomorrow.

  Top Comments:
  1. @SailingLuckyfish [18 likes]: Do you agree or disagree with this statement?: "You should only own a yacht privately if you plan to live on board full time.Otherwise rent one, co-own it, or set it up as an income producing business?"
  2. @SticksAandstonesBozo [5 likes]: Why is it impossible to get plain and simple pricing on any of this without getting on the phone with one of these companies ? We just want simple idea of cost range on 45’ cats in these programs.
  3. @terrysmith1307 [5 likes]: New Cat on the horizon
  4. @eamongreen [5 likes]: Interesting video.  I've always dismissed these charter ownership schemes n the past, but I might actually give it serious consideration now.  I want to be living aboard in 5 to 6 years from now, so the timing could work nicely.
  5. @rtonce [4 likes]: My boat is 23 ft so that I can sail easily single-handed, put on my wetsuit and easily clean the bottom, tilt the mast down as for accessing the light without climbing, or I can get under the lowest bridges on inland canals. An outboard engine takes no onboard space and is simple to maintain or replace without any cramped engine room. A sink, toilet, and deck shower to rinse off salt complete the ensemble. Being tied up in anything much more or as a business - makes me queasy enough to hang my head over the side. I own and care for my boat, and she takes best care of me free and clear.
  6. @CapnZman [4 likes]: I have a friend Trey who, like me, was a maritime engineer, and who therefore had enough time off to fully use his Moorings charter cat (a Leopard 43 if memory serves).  At some point, Moorings wanted more boats in Belize and my friend was allowed to use the boat for 2 or three months while semi-circling the Caribbean from the BVI to Belize so that was additional time aboard without any fees other than voyage supplies.  Obviously, his experience was vastly different than the average charter owner but, on the whole, Trey found the deal pretty positive. Maintenance other than cosmetic upkeep can be somewhat indifferent, especially given that the boats need only function on a limited range merry-go-round charter course meaning that owners taking over their boats after charter can expect to spend some time and money making the boats cruise-worthy. The cloud hanging over the entire issue is the continued viability of tropical charter operations in a world where Category 4 and 5 hurricanes are becoming an annual norm.  At some point, insurance rates and availability must suffer.
  7. @Stoic-of-Rome [2 likes]: Wonder how this Lagoon fest has changed since the 450 bulkhead nightmares?
  8. @brianboys9015 [2 likes]: Spring in NZ just had a week of equinoxial gales and rain. The outdoor furniture got rearranged.
  9. @Stoic-of-Rome [1 likes]: Since when are FP bulsa core boats? Total bollocks. Resin infused foam throughout both hulls. I'll reassess the 'knowledgeable' Guru if this is the level of technical ignorance.
  10. @brianjoyce9742 [1 likes]: Always good stuff Stew. Thx
  11. @petermathewvanaardt74 [1 likes]: another SA couple! Rather interesting that so many SA folks are out on the water. Lekker sailing to you
  12. @kevinkelley6911 [1 likes]: I'm excited
  13. @daveamies5031 [1 likes]: Is that tomorrow Aukland or Ulaanbaatar time? (should I wait up for midnight to tick over?) looking forward to project X.


Thanks for another great video, this series was a little different from the usual LF videos but still enjoyable.
  14. @johnshoureas1629 [1 likes]: Hi Stewart, check out this you tube channel : https://youtu.be/Asqnw-Aan_8
They are searching for a live aboard catamaran and have visited many of the popular brands. They show you the pros and cons of each model. I think their videos will help you in your search of a catamaran.
  15. @grumpyjohntxredneckrc6346 [1 likes]: Lots Of Great Info There Stewart, Hey Would You Guys Want To Sell Small Boats To Make Some Extra Side $$$? I'm A Dealer Rep For These NEW Models Of Boats & I Can Make You A Dealer Also! Check Them Out & Let's Chat On It! Thanks Y'alls https://www.whalyboatsusa.com   - 15yr Old Company, Made In Netherlands, Thru-Colors -All Same Prices, Worldwide Shipping, Etc!
  16. @jimmac521 [1 likes]: Great information
  17. @Kitiwake: Get more Leo.
  18. @billhanna8838: I bought a Bene 411 5 year old from a charter company in Auckland (Moorings) for 210 ,000 sailed some 12,000 miles in 5 years sold it for 215,000 with not a dollar spent on her except for a new Battery bank & Bilge pump (Usual maintenance - engine servicing ,Antifoul etc. ) The boat was in great condition when bought , Moorings couldn't be more helpful & totally recommend this way of buying . 5 to 7 years would be my limit on buying from a charter company any older the sheer usage starts telling . Another great informative vid . Oh for most of the time i had her i charted in the Marlborough Sounds (Hard sailing) Skippered only.
  19. @dmain6735: Good info there.

- How to make money from your boat - An owner's success story - Introduction: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hello I'm Mike Griffith I'm here today on ten dog which is my prestige 38s motorboat and I keep it down here of what is a very windy Lymington your Haven today this is my third season with Zen dog I started with a rib ten years ago and I upgraded to a cuddy cabin day boat and then to a prestige 32 flybridge boat and now Zen dog now I'm typical of so many boat owners my wife doesn't quite share my enthusiasm and my teenagers are developing their own lives the dream of spending every weekend on the boat for me I'm afraid hasn't really quite come true so I contemplated selling the boat but then I met the beds onboard steam and a boat show 18 months ago and they convinced me that there might be a way to offset some of the cost and make boat ownership a bit more palatable to me and stop me feeling quite so guilty about the money that I'm spending so I first listed my boat with beds on boarding in late 2016 and probably too late for the season the signup process was terribly simple and the team in bedroom aboard in Limington really helped me to set prices and get my adverts straight now I lived two hours away from the boat so they helped me to find Sam who's a wonderful caretaker and she cleans the boat top to bottom and changes a linen for me every week and getting the boat professionally cleaned every week was an unexpected bonus of this process particularly as the guests pay for the cleaning I made a youtube video to explain how everything works and I don't get any calls from guests as a result no problems really whatsoever the first booking arrived in early 2017 when it was still cold and wet and then the first guests were a young family organizing a birthday treat for a boat mad son then after that it just went crazy bookings went into a bit of a spiral a good review resulted in more bookings and more reviews we've had a real mixture of guests but the one common thread is that they all really really liked boats now we've had other boat owners booked our boat was overflow accommodation for their friends and family you had lots of aspiring boat owners thinking about a boat of our type we've had birthdays and we've had anniversary celebrations all seem to take genuine care and we've not had any damage or any other incidents many seem to be an or of the boat they readily accepted and even enjoyed the compromises that stay on a boat requires and many have commented about the marinas amazing five-star showers no one has commented that the onboard shower is small the heads are hard to use I mean can you imagine a hotel guest being positive about a 200 meter walk to the bathrooms so I did try listening on air B&B and I've had a couple of bookings through them now their guests are not the same they search for an apartment in my opinion and they find a boat and they decide it looks interesting and they booked it and then they email and call with lots of silly questions so ones I've had include I've got a driving license can I take the boat out just a boat rock on its trailer it's an eight-ton 12 meter motor boat for goodness sake and do we have to come to your marina or can you deliver the boat to Whitby where we live and I've taken the listing off for that reason I've kept the advertised price very reasonable and I've taken care to present the boat beautifully I've got no clutter or personal effects and I've got good towels and good bedding included in the price salmon shows everything in spotless and of course a side effect of this is that when I can persuade the family to come down and stay Sam prepares it as she would for guests so I've cleverly kept Sundays for myself generally guests booked to night weekends arriving Friday staying Saturday night any time I want to take the boat out for a longer cruise all I do is just book it out of the diary make sure that you know there are no guests expect it I can take it away and then want to bring it back it gets cleaned ready for the paying guests now I've quickly got my head around the idea of other people sleeping in my bunk and I never meet them and I just think about the money not them last year the booking was paid the full cost of berthing and annual servicing to so I think unless you can spend all summer on your boat I really recommend listing it on beds on board

  Top Comments:
  1. @moneymachine6617 [6 likes]: How much days does a yacht get rented in a average year?
  2. @carloscphotography7801 [5 likes]: So how much you guys paid that owner to read that? You can clearly see he is reading it 🤣
  3. @zaksweeney5050 [1 likes]: What a great informative video. We are currently thinking about gettt a very similar boat and agree that this would be a great way to offset some of the costs. 👍
  4. @DerickMildred [1 likes]: What a great idea, I love it. Thank you for sharing.
  5. @johngalt1027: He doesnt mention its illegal in America. Our Marina has thrown out all who are ignorant enough to attempt making money on the Marina's back.
  6. @emilywalker1446: good idea, thanks
  7. @markjackson2924: over a 100 listings in USA, but all of them have ZERO reviews.  is this less popular in the US?
  8. @brandonshealy: Awesome.  Could you give more details about what you put in your listing?

- Should your LLC own your boat?: Kind: captions Language: en we were just talking about how we miss having the sailboats we used to have a couple of these uh two two boats similar to these ones that are anchored smaller boats used boats but we had so much fun and uh we're thinking you know we'd like to get another boat but being the asset protection and entity attorneys that we are we started getting into a conversation of how should we do it and we thought well if we had a boat down here at the marina and we were to uh put it into an entity like an llc and airbnb it then we would have income coming into the loc and then of course the expenses of the dock and the boat charges are very expensive but then if it were to lose money it would flow through to us and we could deduct it on our taxes if it did make money would flow through through to us but the entity itself wouldn't pay taxes like corporate taxes so that would be a good way to go what if we wanted to use it ourselves well we could have our corporation uh actually pay rent to the boat for the office and that way we could deduct it from the corporation and uh you know working with entities can give you some tax advantages

  Top Comments:
  1. @KostasLazanas [1 likes]: Im in the market for a sail boat and asked my CPA this exact question.  I could buy the boat to use it as an office and deduct the marina fees and the dock fee as part of the business expenses.
  2. @diegosouza2777 [1 likes]: I disagree with the comment above. Thanks for sharing you suggested some interesting ideas
  3. @rrichard5515: This is one minute and 26 seconds I will never get back in my life. What was the point of this?

- How to Start an LLC for Boat & Yacht Charter Business (Step By Step) LLC for Boat Ownership Business: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] chartering is a term for hiring out a boat some owners Charter their boats on an occasional basis to help with running costs others make arrangements with a charter management company to arrange bare boat and crude yacht charters for them either way if you're thinking about chartering your boat you should be aware of the many applicable rules and regulations if you want to avoid getting yourself in deep water whatever the type of Charter Arrangement chartering can expose you to significant risk if you fail to plan and take sensible precautions with that in mind one option to consider is to place your boat in a limited liability company this video is a basic overview of how to set up an LLC before you make the decision to set up an LLC consult with an attorney or a tax professional to determine if this scenario is suitable for your situation the following discussion provides a general overview of the steps in setting up an LLC and the implications of having ownership of a boat in an LLC Step 1 choose a business name the first step in starting an LLC for your boat charter business is to choose a name your name should be unique easy to remember and easy to spell make sure to check with your State's business registration office to ensure that the name you've chosen is available Step 2 what state is the best to file your LLC some states offer llc's more financial advantages than others and that means you should carefully weigh your options before filing filing in your home state may be a good option for owners who have a home physical presence I.E work and or slip and conduct the vast majority or all of their business iity chartering in their home state if you meet these criteria your best option may be to file in your home state to save money annually because the LLC will not have to register as a foreign LLC if it conducts business in that state note that doing business generally requires an active business presence if not a physical office also an LLC that does business in its state of filing does not need to find and pay a registered agent to represent its interests within that state another popular choice for those forming an LLC continues to be Delaware Delaware has a solid reputation as one of the most business-friendly jurisdictions in the country notably Delaware does not tax out of state income which can mean an enormous tax savings for Delaware LLCs that do little or no business in the state itself in addition its initial filing fees and franchise taxes are quite low other favorable jurisdictions are Nevada and Wyoming step 3 choose a registered agent a registered agent is a person or business that receives legal and tax documents on behalf of your LLC the registered agent must be available during business hours to receive legal notices and should have a physical address in the state where the LLC is registered you may choose to be your own registered agent or use a professional registered agent service step 4 filed articles of organization after settling on a name you must prepare and file articles of organization with your State's LLC filing office while Most states use the term articles of organization to refer to the basic document required to create an LLC some states call it a certificate of formation or certificate of organization one disadvantage of forming an LLC instead of a partnership or a sole proprietorship is that you will have to pay a filing fee when you submit your articles of organization in Most states the fees are modest typically around 100 dollars a few other states cost more California for example charges an 800 annual tax on top of its filing fee you will likely have to list the name and address of a person usually one of the LLC members who will act as the llc's registered agent or agent for service of process the agent is the person designated to receive legal papers in any future lawsuit involving the LLC step 5 create an operating agreement an operating agreement is a legal document that outlines the ownership and operating procedures of your LLC while it's not required by law it's a good idea to have one in place to help prevent disputes and ensure everyone is on the same page your operating agreement should include the names and roles of all LLC members how profits and losses will be distributed how decisions will be made and any other important details about the operation of your business step 6 obtain insurance obtaining insurance is crucial for any business including a boat charter business you should consider obtaining liability insurance which covers damages and injuries cost to others while on board your boat you may also want to consider obtaining whole insurance which covers damages to Additionally you may want to consider obtaining business Interruption insurance which provides coverage in the event that your business is interrupted due to a covered loss step 7 obtain financing starting a boat charter business can require significant capital you may need to obtain financing to cover expenses such as purchasing a boat marketing and operating costs you can consider traditional financing options such as bank loans or alternative financing options such as crowdfunding or peer-to-peer Lending step 8 open a business bank account separating your personal and business finances is important for tax and liability purposes you should open a separate business bank account to keep track of your business income and expenses this will also help you establish business credit which can be useful when applying for financing in the future step 9 maintain compliance once your LLC is up and running it is important to maintain compliance with state and federal laws this includes filing annual reports and paying taxes on time you should also keep accurate records of your business transactions and financials it may be helpful to hire an accountant or bookkeeper to assist with these tasks what are the LLC benefits when selling a in California the purchase of a corporation or an LLC that owns a boat as its sole asset is not subject to sales or use tax however the step transaction Doctrine may be used to scrutinize transactions to determine if the LLC was set up solely to avoid tax to avoid this the LLC should have a legitimate business purpose and have been established for a significant amount of time additionally selling an entity rather than the boat itself can add complexity to the transaction as buyers may be unfamiliar with llc's or corporations and their Associated risks and liabilities how to transfer the boat ownership to LLC if the boat was not purchased by the LLC it needs to be transferred to the LLC and registered in its name however transferring the boat's title from the individual owner to the LLC May trigger an acceleration clause and a promissory note or preferred mortgage the lender may not consent to the transfer as it limits their recourse if the loan payments stop the owner should inform the lender of the transfer to avoid a default on the loan and the lender May accept a guarantee from the owner to protect against the risk of pursuing the LLC there may also be tax implications in the transfer and it is recommended to seek assistance from an attorney or tax professional in conclusion starting an LLC for a boat charter business involves several steps including choosing a business name filing articles of organization obtaining necessary licenses and permits obtaining Insurance obtaining financing and marketing your business it is important to maintain compliance with state and federal laws to ensure the success and longevity of your with proper planning and execution your boat charter business can provide a rewarding and profitable venture if you are confused or consider these steps to be difficult you can employ a professional formation service to file Inc file is an amazing company that will guide you through creating your LLC they even have a service where they will file your LLC for you without you going through any hassle watch the rest of the video where I will show you how to form an LLC in under five minutes through ink file Inc file is one of the best companies out there to help you form your LLC you can click on the link in the description to get access to this deal Inc file is one of a kind as it offers a free package with services such as preparing and filing your articles of organization well you still have to pay 237 for the state fees which you would have to do anyway if you chose the DIY option but looking at the bigger picture all other companies will still charge their service fee on top of State filing fees ink file does not collect this fee this plan already includes a free registered agent for your first year of subscription and 119 annually moving forward if you decide to continue the service after the first year ink file's next packages are the gold and platinum packages which both have package fees already on top of the 237 dollar State fee each package has its own set of services which are all worthy of the subscription you are paying for the gold package offers you the benefits of filing reports and taxes for your LLC every year USA LLCs are required to file a state annual report this report is essentially an information update of your file so that the state knows who is now in charge and how to contact your company USA LLCs are also required to file state tax returns to make matters even more complicated your annual report and business privilege tax share a document and are due at the same time each year with the ink files gold package you won't have to scribble notes of these reports because Inc file will handle the whole process for you your platinum package also has these services in the bag with the unique edition of expedited filing getting a domain name and a business email which essentially increases your llc's credibility ink file also has an exclusive partnership with Bank of America so you can easily open an eligible checking account for your business yes it is a must for your LLC to have a business account remember an LLC has limited liability for it is a separate entity from its members you may forfeit your liability protections if you combine your personal and business money and this is where the term piercing the corporate veil comes into play piercing the corporate veil is an LLC jargon that refers to the Court's action to hold you as the owner or member of an LLC personally liable for the llc's debts or actions now if you have been sued by some lawyer who sees a crack in your LLC they might resort to piercing the corporate veil in which you are in any position defeated this is why opening a separate bank account for your LLC is so important do you like the level of detail I'm providing you in my review so far if yes then make sure to let me know by liking my video and hitting that subscribe button for more high quality business content

  Top Comments:
  1. @businessgeekss: ►(#ad) 𝐒𝐞𝐭𝐮𝐩 𝐲𝐨𝐮𝐫 𝐁𝐮𝐬𝐢𝐧𝐞𝐬𝐬 (𝐋𝐋𝐂/𝐂𝐨𝐫𝐩𝐨𝐫𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧) 𝐰𝐢𝐭𝐡 𝐁𝐢𝐳𝐞𝐞 ➡️ https://tidd.ly/4mYChOm

►𝐁𝐢𝐳𝐞𝐞 𝐅𝐮𝐥𝐥 𝐑𝐞𝐯𝐢𝐞𝐰 ➡️ https://youtu.be/P7dHSiERjg4
  2. @toni-de: If you paid in full , cash, for the boat, no financing, can you take a tax deduction for the full amount? Thanks for the video

- How to Turn Your Yacht Into a Business: Kind: captions Language: en I'm with catarang Guru and I'm here to talk to you guys about different ways that you can own boats and we're just going to we're not going to get into too much detail about anything but we're just going to kind of do a general overview and I'll start with a little bit about who we are uh I'm the sales operations manager at catarang Guru we're a group of people who have grown up around boating and enjoy the Boating lifestyle especially sailing and we make a living out of helping people achieve their dreams you know whether that's privately owned or in Charter management or any other type of situation we have knowledge expertise relationships uh and a and a big network of contacts that we use to help people like you buy boats and achieve their dreams that's that's really what we do you can break it all down into different elements and things but we're here and and that's what makes it fun for us is when we meet somebody for the first time and they have they like the idea of boating but they really don't even know where to get started and then we get into helping them figure out and and and really achieve their dream so what we're going to do is we're going to look at the pros and cons of private ownership we're going to look at the pros and cons of Charter management and then we're going to take a little bit deeper dive into what we call boat as a business and that'll get you some orientation if you have you can ask probably a million questions and the answers are probably it depends on a number of different factors but we'll get into that as we continue oh my disclaimer so uh we know a lot about boats we love boats we enjoy boats but we're not CPAs so when we talk about tax benefits we're giving you suggestions but we always refer people to their individual CPA to analyze the boat environment along with the financial situation of the buyer so we don't do any Financial advice uh so the first thing which is what most people think of when they think about owning a boat is private ownership right and there are many benefits to private ownership you can have pretty much the exact boat for whatever it is that you want to do if you want to do racing or cruising uh you can configure it any way you want it's made specifically for exactly what you want to do at any time it's always available to use whenever you want it so you don't have to worry about anybody else jumping on board or waiting for your turn uh you can also be part of a local community when you keep a boat near your home then there are people in the marina people that you meet out on the water all different ways that you can be part of that community and for the most part people are boting people are pretty fun to be around you can use the boat anytime you want to cruise anytime you want if you want to go for two weeks in the middle of the summer obviously it's your boat you can do whatever you want with it so that's those are the upside to owning a boat privately the downside of course you know that you hear from everybody is the maintenance and the repair right so you got to be responsible for that either you're doing it yourself or you're hiring somebody to do it um it is a time commitment you know boating for sure is going to require not only just using the boat but taking care of it writing the check answering questions working with the Boatyard and then at the end of the day uh the costs are yours to Bear right so just as an example we'll take a quick look at aali 4.6 as an example which is the boat that we have down here at the end uh give or take price tag about a million dollar the uh basic cost you're looking at dockage here uh 1,200 is pretty cheap for a dock actually but if we're looking at annual cost of dockage you're looking at about 14,000 uh Insurance typically runs about 25 22% of the boat value on an annual basis uh maintenance the first if you buy a new boat within the first year or two your maintenance costs are not going to be extremely high but it does over time uh accumulate and then if you buy an older boat then that typically goes up a little bit more of course the mortgage cost if you're financing the boat interest rates are actually a little more than seven now but just as a rough indication on your payment for the boat uh so give or take you're looking at about you know uh $10,000 a month for a boat like that to own it privately so and uh what it boils down to if you have the disposable income for that obviously the uh the cost will expand or contract depending on the size of the boat the bigger the boat the more the cost the smaller the boat the more the cost and at the end of the day what you as an owner have to decide is am I getting the enjoyment uh am I getting my money's worth of enjoyment out of the boat that's the decision that every owner needs to make and sometimes that answer can change from year to year uh it could be we had a great year maybe we didn't have such a good year it's time to sell the boat but every year that's the the question that you have to ask so Charter management um is the other way that you can own a boat and there are so many different ways to do Charter management the general definition is basically just that you have an ownership interest which could be less than 100% in some situations uh in a yacht that generates returns from Charter revenues right and there are tons and tons of different types of programs I liken it to different flavors of ice cream some people like chocolate some people like vanilla but you have different companies different places different environments uh different income streams so there's you know all kinds of different programs to choose from um some of the upside to a charter Management program is that you instead of having the boat close to your home will be able to enjoy some exotic destinations if you put the boat in the Caribbean or in the Bahamas or wherever you might want to go uh it's you know different scenery and with some programs you can have the boat move around to different locations or you can use boats in different locations right um now you'll spend a lot less time most likely doing maintenance on a boat that you own a piece of in charter service right you're not going to have to be down on the boat scrubbing basically you fly in you hop on the boat you do your sailing you bring the boat back and you hand it off and and and off you go the uh other benefit is that the cost of ownership is pretty significantly off set by that Charter Revenue so versus private ownership it's not free right you're never going to you know have a free boat but it's going to cost significantly less than that private ownership situation we looked at um and then depending on the exact situation there may be a scenario where you could reduce your tax burden with a charter Management program and we'll take a closer look at how that might work um on the downside for Charter management of course the boat most cases is not going to be as accessible you'rea going to have to get on an airplane or something to travel to your boat um the spec for the boat ideally would be configured for Charter use rather than private ownership so if you're talking about a catamaran uh you might have you know not necessarily an owner's version although you can do an owner's version right it might not be ideally speced for what you would choose if you were just going to do private ownership um and then the other thing uh that can be perceived as a downside and this really depends on what kind of program you're in is Charter Management program sometimes can have a reputation for not taking the best care of the boats right so that's out there you know it's it's it is a thing with some companies we don't work with companies like that but it is out there as a possible thing so there's the upside and the downside of the different Charter management uh types of programs there's another component to Charter management which will tie into the tax benefits uh and it's passive versus active so we talk about tax benefits and I'll explain what active means but passive means that you're not involved at all in the operation of the of the business itself basically you buy a boat you either pay cash or you finance it or we have these things called forward sales and you're either collecting a guaranteed income stream for that and then you're just enjoying the sailing and that's all there is to it there are no tax benefits when you're in a passive ownership situation like that um active ownership is a different story um essentially what that means is that you are creating a new business and you're participating in the operation of that business maybe not a day-to-day business but more than anybody else uh you have to be involved in pretty much every aspect of it and that will qualify you for uh for certain tax benefits which I'll explain in just a moment so how do how does something like that work so basically what you're doing is you're buying a brand new boat and putting it into charter service that becomes the primary asset in an LLC that you start so that company we'll call it Gabriel's Boat Company uh first thing it does is it buys a piece of equipment puts it into Charter service just like if you were to own a trucking company and you bought a new truck to put in there right the equipment goes out into rental service and then that generates rental income but there are some conditions to that right you have to run it properly so you've got a company you got a boat uh and then you need to cover certain bases in terms of running that business properly we're going to look at that a little closer what what happens in the end is that that primary asset and how you do it will depend on your exact tax situation will get depreciated so the charter Revenue will basically cover the operating costs of the boat for the most part in in most scenarios and then when you depreciate the value of that primary asset you show a business loss and you can carry that over against your personal uh your personal income and like I said a CPA can advise you exactly on how to do that so when I say properly run what does that really mean so there are three components to it the first one is what we call the three pillars of uh um compliance second one is making sure that you have the right equipment which is the boat in the right environment with the right partner and the right program so what we're going to do here first is this is very important is look at what we call the three pillars of business compliance so we're talking about tax benefits you're working with the IRS anybody enjoy working with the IRS no no not a lot of fun certainly not no so if you're going to claim a business loss you need to make sure that you do it right the first thing is that when you set the business up you need to make sure that you have the ability and the intention for it to be profitable right you can't intentionally set it up to lose money um so you'll have Charter Revenue you'll cover your expenses but one of the keys to that intent is having what we call multiple streams of income so in addition to having the charter Revenue uh as a business owner that has a piece of equipment available for rental you can earn referral fees for your friends your family people you like or you don't like uh who then Char the boat you can get a booking Commission on that so in addition to the actual revenue from the charter fees you can get paid as an owner a referral commission for the actual booking um the other side the other multiple stream is that you become a a sales associate so if you in the course of doing business you know uh run into somebody that has an interest in buying a boat uh we actually pay you a referral commission for bringing us a buyer to buy a boat and put it into into commission so those are the multiple revenue streams that help demonstrate the ability and the intent to make a profit the active participation component means that you know you need to be active in managing the business the test that they use is that you are involved more than any other one person right so typically what that means and and most of our programs have the ability to kind of tailor the situation for your individual needs how much time do you actually have what do you want them to take care of what do you want to take care of but people treat it as a it is a fun business to be in right so you want to pick a good operator but you're certainly going to be working with CPAs on the accounting side you'll be working with the charter base to make sure the boat is set up properly you're going to be involved in the decision to hire a captain if you're doing a crew Charter uh all those things add up you'll be doing market research uh you might come to the Miami Boat Show for example to do market research on uh different pieces of equipment time that you spend at the boat show is considered active participation in the business itself and then of course you need to make sure that you document all that time that you spend because at the end of the year you're going to package it all up and you're going to say these are our hours this is where we spent the time uh we have tons and tons of videos on how you can do that and the number of hours that you need and everything that goes along with that um what you don't want to do is is start out with a flawed business plan there are a lot of companies out there that refer to something called limited Charter uh which you can do but it's very risky if you know you're in a category that might put you at risk for an IRS audit a limited Charter is basically what they refer to as a hobby business and if it loses money as a hobby business you can't write that off against your your regular income it has to be a legitimate business so just something to be careful of uh so so those are the three pillars of compliance uh the part two of the properly run is making sure that you have the right equipment the main thing of course if you're going to be renting the boat out is you want to have a boat that people are going to enjoy being on you know so that means having our B catamarans as an example lots of Open Spaces the right number of cabins the right number of bedrooms uh comfortable Fabrics all the right equipment you can go ahead yeah you're good um uh and all the Comfort amenities water makers air conditioners you know all the stuff that makes it comfortable for people to be on board and of course the right place right you can't say I'm going to keep my boat uh uh you know somewhere in the Northeast where nobody wants to go Charter in November December I mean it's good in the summertime but you have to be in the right place where you're going to be able to have an opportunity to generate that kind of Revenue typically the British Virgin Islands are kind of the heart of the of that activity and there are also some good locations in the Bahamas you can operate out of the US but it's a little bit more complic at for a number of different reasons but warm Blue Water and warm air are the main ingredients to go with a successful Charter Business um and then of course the uh the properly run is making sure that you're in the right program so there's basically two tracks when it comes to Charter management you have bearboat which is when people just take the boat on their own uh you can have optionally have a captain that gets assigned to that boat or you have a crude platform where the boat is live aboard crew uh on the boat 24/7 and it's like a private luxury crew so somebody comes on the boat it's fully catered uh they it's like you know all the meals are put on the boat and the captain runs it and it's Captain Andre runs a pretty tight ship he's the captain of Snapdragon um so again the key is uh you know in this when you say properly run whether you're doing bearboat or whether you're doing crude is you know making sure that you're actively participating in in the running of the business these guaranteed income programs where you're just sitting back and collecting a check every month they don't qualify for anything like that so um just need to keep that in mind so and then the second part of that is choosing the right partner so there are probably hundreds of Charter companies that operate around the world and you can break them down into two general categories they what we call Mass Market ones where you're looking at Fleet sizes you know typically in the thousand boat range you know 30 to 50 locations in different places around the world a lot of times if you're in one of those programs you do have some reciprocal use possibilities where you could use boats in different parts of the world which is great um but they don't give you the kind of personal experience that you get working with a smaller company which is what we do we work with what we call Boutique Charter companies and in that case typically the fleet size is you know anywhere from 15 to maybe 25 boats and by keeping the fleet that small you have a relationship with the business owner directly so instead of calling in to a corporate headquarters and going through the phone Maze and getting kicked around Greg is a charter company operator right there if you're not happy you call Greg uh and you he can explain to him what's going on and he has responsibility to take care of it so we work with dream Caribbean Blue Cruz and the Bahamas Virgin Island yacht Charters uh we have a new charter company called simp Sy Yachts that's specializes in crude Charters and we'll work with really anybody if you have a preferred operator we're happy to work with anybody to make sure the boat gets configured properly to to get be successful in their program um last thing to keep in mind if you're doing Charter management is keep in mind from the beginning what's your end game okay are you looking to sail away in 2 three 4 5 years whatever it is uh take the boat out of service and then use it for yourself um are you going to flip it over into new one the main thing to consider there is if you have taken the tax advantages and depreciated that asset 100% over the term of your Charter there is a potential recapture liability so you have to keep that in mind at the beginning there are different ways that you can uh offset that um but and really unless you know kind of what the end game is and you can make adjustments you can make course Corrections along the way but it's always good to have a general idea what your plan is at the end you can upgrade to a larger boat um but if you sell it after it's been depreciated you could have a tax liability uh there at the end so just something to keep in mind um that is it so we've helped literally hundreds of people uh over 20 years uh get into you know different types of ownership programs we sell a lot of boats into private ownership as well if that's the right situation people that buy the boat and go and want to cruise around the world or do whatever we help with outfitting we have uh we work with Factory authorized uh special equipment suppliers that do lithium batteries uh solar panels wind generating all kinds of different things that help the boat get configured for exactly whatever the purpose might be but if you go to our website you'll see uh lots of testimonials from people that we've helped over the years so I think that is really it like I said it was just really a general overview probably you're going to have some more questions but that's uh that's really it thank you for watching if you like what you saw be sure to check out our website catarang guru.com uh and for our YouTube channel like And subscribe as well to get updates [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @christopherweiser [3 likes]: Apprecite these videos.  Looking for these type of conversations to see how much interest i really have.  Thanks
  2. @sherrybrettin3833 [2 likes]: You should recheck your calculations. Annual maintenance at 9% of $1,000,000 is $90,000 not $9,000. This would put you at $17,033 monthly not $10,283.
  3. @MoetheCPA: Do most of those using these charter boats cater to US residents? meaning doing commerce in the US or with US especially when boat is in BVI or other non US waters?
  4. @Miami-f4k: The best industry in the Marine industry is buying slips and renting them out
  5. @Miami-f4k: I live in Miami. It is a terrible business having a charter boat in Miami right now the Caribbean has very little tourism. Also Key West, which was a big attraction for tourists very slow as well. The only country to make money on a big hundred foot yacht. it’s Monaco in the Mediterranean. It’s a very bad idea to buy a boat for Charters. You’ll never get that money back. That’s my opinion as being born and raised here in Miami.
  6. @adellepretorius829: Hi, Thank you for the information. Me and my Husband are very interested. If we live in a different country does that become an issue? I ou talked about IRS and Tax benefit. Not sure how that will work then. Do you have an email or contact info for me please. We like the active business Idea. Thank you in advance.

- Boat as a Business Ownership Strategies: Make your Boat pay for Itself: Kind: captions Language: en hi guys we're here to discuss today understanding Bo as a business and Charter management Bo as a business is structuring a small a small business in order to take advantage of tax of tax breaks you know there a lot of stimulus uh programs for small business for small businesses such as Section 179 bonus depreciation but operating your boat as a small business means that you're going to take it and you're going to put it into a charter management company you'll normally find a management company that you will partner with and the management company will will will operate the boat in on a co-management basis your boat is going to be embedded in this Fleet and it's going to operate and generate income in order for it to be a boat as a business there are a couple of pillars that you need to that that that that that that are important to you the first one is you need to show ability and intent to make a profit if you go into business and you don't have the ability or intent to make a business it's a lost leader so for example if you got a boat uh and and you put it and you put it in uh in Maine you're not going to make a profit because there's only a two or three month cruising season so there's not enough time to make a profit so you know that's that's not going to work if you put a boat into the BVI for example that's the premier cruising ground in the world so there's ability there's ability to make a profit and the fact that you put your boat into the bvr means you have intent to make a profit so ability and intent in your business the second part of it is is that if you want to run this as a business business you have to show active and ongoing participation what is that so does it mean I have to work in the business it means that you have to have a certain amount of hours of active participation there's seven tests uh the tests that we use are the two of them we use one is the 500h hour test and the other one is the 100h hour test but you have to show active and ongoing participation in either one of them we'll discuss those specifically later but what that means is that you're able to show that you're running this business so you have a business that has the ability to make a profit you have the intent to make a profit and you're now showing that you actually are actively involved ongoing in the business so I can't just give my boat to a charter management company and say make a business of this right here's an example if you took your boat and gave it to a charter company that offers guaranteed income that would be deemed a passive activity because you're taking the boat you're giving it to the charter company and all they're going to they're going to run the boat they make all the decisions they do all the maintenance they pay the insurance and they give you a check that's passive if you put your boat into a program which is called a performance program or a revenue sharing program different companies have different uh different names for it what happens then is that you're responsible for the insurance you're responsible for the dockage you're responsible for the maintenance and and you have an active role in the business in terms of you know following up making sure that the boat the the the boats being booked talking to the management company making marketing decisions Etc that's active so you've got to be in a revenue sharing type of program to qualify for active Okay Stephen so uh people always ask us about the hobby loss rule what exactly is that and why is that a bad thing it's not a bad thing hobby loss is is a rule that says you can't take your hobby and then run it at at a loss or not make any money and claim taxes so hobby loss is really exactly what it says you have a hobby you try and create to wrap a business around it it makes a it makes a loss you can't do that you have to show ability and intent to make a profit um you know the rule says that if you make a profit three out of 5 years you cannot be assessed for hobby loss if you're showing ability and intent to make a profit and you're showing ongoing and active participation that is an active business you can make a loss 10 years straight maybe you're just a bad business person but you You' meeting the requirements of the two pillars you can't be assessed for hobby loss hobby loss is really is reserved for people who are parking a about behind their house and trying to create a tax loss what uh sort of structure business structure would you put your bite into an LLC or a you know S corporation or what's the best the preferred is an LLC and the reason is that an LLC is a pass through so if you run your business your LLC and let's just say you buy a boat and you take the you take the depreciation bonus depreciation the loss in the LLC is a pass through so what happens is that that passes through to you personally and then you offset it against income from other business trade or salary so an LLC best suits the boat as a business as a as a small business you don't want to have a situation where uh for example if it's a C Corp and it has to run its own set of books and you have income limitation rules you really just want to have the pass through because the intent is to offset against other income so uh there's all this discussion about um Section 179 and bonus appreciation what is that and how do we use this in our business section 179 is a small bu business stimulus program that's been around since the bush years the early Bush years and what it what it is it's to stimulate small businesses by allowing them to take big deductions up front so accelerated depreciation um Section 179 does is not for boats it's for everything people with jet aircraft use it people with railroad trucks use it people with shipping containers use it it's it's it's a stimulus program for small businesses it changes from year to year um and then they tagged on what's called bonus depreciation which is section 168 section 168 is bonus depreciation when bonus depreciation was 10% section 17 9 dominated we took the 179 tax deductions then they move section 168 or bonus depreciation up to 100% well 100% bonus depreciation you don't really want to use the Section 179 because you have certain limitations depreciation is depreciation um the best thing to do is to go Google section Etc it will calculate for you and tell you exactly what your tax the tax impact will be on that purchase so there are two types of Charter programs that people put their boats into uh you have crew Charter and you have bear boat charter and these are two different types of management companies in the crew Charter Management Programs the boats are offered with with full luxury professional crew and the crew are fulltime uh in the bare boat what happens is the boats are offered like a rental car you have to qualify to operate the boat you will come you will get on the boat you will provision your own boat you will go and sail you do everything yourself so that's crude is is is white glove and and bearboat is do it yourself so to speak two different rules if you operate your boat in a crude environment you need to log 500 hours of active participation if you operate in a bare boat operation you can do 100 hours and more than any other one person so it's a little bit the threshold is a bit easier here but both of them require active participation you have to this is not a passive activity it has to be an active activity and we will discuss how you achieve this so the 500 hour test is that you have to you have to do 500 hours per year in your business um it's not that daunting because you're in a cool business so you go to a boat show you attend at least one boat show a year let's just say say for example and let's just say that you're married so you and your spouse go both your time counts so what do you do at the boat show you go shopping you come visit me you hang out um you know we you know we have a sales associate agreement so you basically there is an assistant sales person ah so I get to talk to to other people who might want to buy a boat and if you find someone that wants to buy a boat you bring them and then we have a a commission agreement and I'll pay you LLC a commission based on your efforts um but if you so if you take that that's 40 That's 8 hours a day at 5 days that's 40 hours let's just say you you know instead of doing the 5 days you do four days you've got travel in between but let's just say it's 40 hours so that means you and your spouse will generate 80 hours of of active participation that you can log as being at a trade show it's not a boat show for you it's a trade show you're there to promote your small business um and I've I've actually seen other owners who do sell Charter um charters on their boats there as well so so that generates income as well right yes and you know if you sell charters on your boat uh what will happen is that your Charter management company will consider you a charter broker and when they fulfill the charter they will pay your LLC a commission so now your LLC is generating income from Yacht Sales if you sell a boat from Charter sales if you sell a charter and from Charter operations so your business now stands on three legs you're also entitled to have an asset inspection you know the asset is operating in a in a in a remote location so you want to go down and inspect your assets so you'll go down and you will spend 5 days doing an asset inspection again you can't say it's 24 hours a day cuz that's nobody works 24 so reasonableness is always important 85s are 40 so that's another 80 hours so now sudden you have 160 hours of of of active participation so you actually go to your boat um um you might have a crew so you you see what they do uh how the boat is being operated you spend time on it operated check the sails check the engines basically see the general condition um you know it's it's an acid inspection it's not something that you have to do in a hurry you do it over a period of days and then you were talking about oh you sold a charter at the show well you can't sell a charter if you don't know what you're selling so like a travel agent uh who goes to Greece and then they sell excursions to Greece you've got to go to to your cruising ground and you've got to do a familiarization trip to understand the cruising ground so so now if someone wants to buy a CH you can say well you know there's the BS there's moing balls there and that's a great restaurant Etc so now you become so it it it helps you become a better chter salesperson I've actually seen the owners on their websites for their boats that they have an itinerary there and so they give recommendations of where to go and what not to do and so on y so they go down they spend a week there take photographs and try and find new new location to publish on their websites guess what another 80 hours so now we're 240 hours just in those three activities um you know then obviously you've got if if if you're a charter salesman and you have people that are on your boat that are interested in buying a boat you can log time there um generally smart to have a a weekly call with your Charter your Charter management company they you co-managing the boat or with the crew or both and so what happens is you know you you have you have a week call so 50 weeks at 4 hours a day you know you're up at the 500s pretty quickly and the best thing to do is use you know most of our owners use an app called Harvest which they which they log all their time it just it's it's on their phone and they just if they've done four hours they put it in and you ratchet it up pretty quickly um now that's for the boats that have crew um the boats that don't have crew have a completely different situation um the test that we use there is 100 hours and more than any other one person um because there's no crew you will all always do the most the clean's not going to do the most the booking agent's not you're going to be the single person that does the single most doing a boat show doing an asset inspection doing a familiarization trip you're pretty much there you know you get there pretty quick the big question always is uh am I going to make a profit is this is this uh you buy a Bo and you put it in a in a business I'm going to make $100,000 at the end of the year is that true no a boat is not a good business remember a boat is a depreciating asset but what it is it's a great investment in lifestyle so there is no profit and the target is not to make a profit if you take a 30,000 ft view you have three components all right so you have the boat and you have the boat's costs the object is for the boat to operate and pay its own way pay its mortgage pay its insurance pay its dockage uh Etc the maintenance all the rest of it so if you can get your boat to be cash neutral you're the winner because on this side you have your tax brakes so let's just say that you you know you you you you bought a million dollar boat uh you know you took 100% bonus depreciation at 35% that's $350,000 tax break so your boat's operating cash neutral self-supporting your tax break is 350,000 of money that you would have had to pay in tax which you don't have to pay in tax so that could be considered the profit on the other side you have the owner use which is your quality of life side now here you're going to go and use that boat with your family with your friends and if you decided to Charter someone else's boat for example it's going to cost you 20 grand a week to Charter someone else's boat well you're using your own boat so that 20 grand a week is value to you that you're using if you use that boat three times three times a year let's say so that's going to be $60,000 worth of value that you're generating over 5 years that's $300,000 of value on top of the 350 so you're pretty much really close to to to to to be to to actually paying you know generating Revenue to cover the cost of the boat on top of which remember the people that are Charing the boat while it's cash neutral it is reducing your mortgage and building equity in the boat so after 5 years you'll have some equity in the boat so if you like sailing and you're paying high taxes then this is really a good option for you is uh so the boat will definitely be able to generate enough income to cover its costs generally but that's why you need people like kamam rang Guru we will go in we will do a study we'll do the financials we'll check the management program we'll check the the revenue splits you know we'll make sure that with the charter company is that with the charter company we'll make sure that because we're not the charter company we we manage we we represent our owners so we will check the charter company we will say okay well the the bottom line number is acceptable it covers all the costs um you know so we help we help with that but you know if you get into a bad situation where the charter company's taking a much a too large percentage well then of course you're going to go you're going to go negative and then you're going to lose some of the benefit so talk about uh Charter companies I mean we um we work generally work with smaller Boutique comp companies and and the reason for that being well the the the boutique Charter companies just take much better care of the boats you know the big multinationals they just crunch the boats I mean you know you see the condition of them most of these places the small Charter companies are much more mindful of the condition of the boat the owner experience is greater because you name you're not a number um so and of course that translates at the end because remember when you buy a boat and you put this money in you're going to sell it in 5 years or 10 years or call it 5 years after 5 years when you want to sell it it's going to have a value if it's been in a really neglected in in a big Fleet where it's just a piece of equipment it's not going to be in very good condition um so you're going to recover less of your money at the end of the 5 years if you're in a boutique chter company where they've maintained maintain the boat and it's in great condition it's worth more so when you close the circle the boutique charter company definitely the way to go if you can find a place a good place that that works for you what would be your your boat's value be at the end of 5 years do you think more or less at at least a camaran Based on data that we have 65% so you will have a little bit of equity in your boat you should have equity in the boat uh when you settle the mortgage um depends on whether you took the the full tax deduction because if you took the full tax deduction the recapture is going to bite you but what most people are doing is when after five they say right that was great sell the boat buy a slightly bigger one and then that offsets the recapture but what is recapture exactly recapture again let's just take an extreme example you buy a boat and you take 100% bonus depreciation so you bought a million dollar boat this is part of the business it's it's it's part of yeah it's it's it's I mean it's tax rules so you bought the boat you took aund a million doll tax deduction you took the 300 50 and you applied it against income from other business trade or salary so you benefited from it after 5 years you sell the boat for $800,000 that $800,000 is all taxable at ordinary income rates yeah because there's no basis it's been written down to zero so you've already used that tax advantage so now you're going to be taxed on the full the full value of the boat at that time what you sell it for it's basically it's a it's a straight ordinary income uh uh line item so basically what you're doing is you're paying you're paying a full tax uh ordinary income so if you're 35% $800,000 boat you sell it for $800,000 that you're going to pay 35% on $800,000 so how do you how do you not pay that you buy another boat right look you kick the can down the road there's you know there's two things that there's two things in life that are sure death and tax if you can kick the can down the road far enough good for you um you know as long as it's a great lifestyle as long as your family enjoy it it's really worth it it does you know the other thing is remember you're paying at ordinary income rates so let's just say hypothetically you you you buy a boat and and and you're taking a 35% tax break you're paying 35% so you're offsetting a 35% of your income with the with the depreciation generated from your business and let's just say that that was the last year of high income and then you go and you start earning 12% income your income rate is 12 well then you're going to then you're going to be paying on 12% the problem is that the value of the boat will probably bump you up a few a few tax brackets but you know it won't be as punitive so you know there are strategies there others you know that that we can talk about when I consult with people crud J Charter let's talk about that a little bit there are two different types where uh you put it in a charter company uh or a charter management company and you have they they give you a crew on the boat and then there's a different way you can do it where you the owners can be the crew um is that allowed oh yeah we have a lot of we have quite a lot of boats that we've sold that the owners are actually The Operators as well um you know obviously they have absolutely no problem with with with Act of participation because their entire income is derived from the boat so you know they're going to pay the tax based on their income of course if they have if if they're using bonus depreciation or Section 179 they would use that to offset their taxes that they P so that's that's not that doesn't mean that you're a liver board and you're just living on board and you're not really charge for any type uh there's a lot of people that think that they want to do that you know I'm going to buy a boat and we're going to chter we're going to rent one cabin and you know again it's you got to be careful that the hobby loss you have a hobby and now you got somebody living in your one cabin and you're kind of trying to pretend that you're a Char company you know I think if you do it you got to be totally upfront transparent and honest because you know if you get if you get if you get scrutinized and you found to have been gaming the system you know there's going to be penalties you're going to lose all the tax benefits it's going to hurt um you know we just like to stay all the way on the right side of the line and make sure that we we we remain in compliance you know to the rules I mean the rules are there and we follow the rules so that we have this one couple that we know really well and we love them uh sale Luna just a little plug there for them they are a great CH boat they do the business 100% correct and uh they've within 5 years I think they paid their Bo boat off operating it themselves in a in a charter environment yeah they straight down the line people fantastic product nice boat we sold them a lagoon actually they have a lagoon 450 um nice boat nice people and they they do a great job so there are people that they you know that they do it and do it seriously you're going to do it do it right otherwise you know don't don't don't try and take the the sort of low road so stepen if somebody wants to buy a bite and put it in the charter management uh in a business how do they go about that what what uh can you do to help them well we'll start with a case study to see if it works for them we look at the financials whether a crude boat or whether a bare boat would make sense for them um depends on on whether they you know how they want to operate their boat so we look at the we'd look at the financial then we'd look at the charter companies and see what sort of returns we're getting from the charter companies in the different locations we'd look at the boat we decide on the correct boat get the right equipment and make sure that the cost of the boat versus the return on on on the on the on the management uh balances so that we get to a cash neutral situation um so we get the boat we get the charter company we look at the financials we look at the management agreement to make sure that their management agreement is fair and then what happens is cang Guru will help them negotiate with with with the China Company we get the boat uh we we we sort out you know the the the entire structure we have a look at the tax benefits normally I have to normally I talk with the tax advisers of a lot of the buyers just to clarify a lot of issues because everyone has a different situation but uh you know we we we try and be a full service from the time you decide to buy till you buy where with once you buy we then in your Cor cor all the way through and we have representation have halfway through the the charter management period there's an issue you're not alone we're there we help you and then of course at the end when you want to sell the vat hopefully we've done a good enough job that you will get us to sell your vat because obviously there's a commission we back there's tons of information um about this very very subject on on our website um go to the Charter management tab there's lots and lots we have videos we have articles we have case studies um and examples of other owners who have done this before um go and visit our website and see U read all of this up and if anybody wants information call me or email me I'll be happy to send you an info pack that cover financials management agreements boat specifications locations um I had very good info packs that I'm happy to send out if you're request [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @mindforgecollective [3 likes]: This was great information. Thank you.
  2. @davidwooten4002 [3 likes]: Can you put a (active participation) used boat into a LLC ?
  3. @roballington2319 [2 likes]: Us system obviously
  4. @realisaacchapman [1 likes]: If someone buys a new $1-2m USD cat like a Bali with 4-5 cabins and charters it - what's the ballpark expected cost for them per year?
  5. @davestein3558 [1 likes]: I thought to qualify for bonus depreciation, your boat must:
1. Be placed into service in a U.S. trade or business, by a U.S.-based LLC.
2. Spend 50% or more of its actual usage (days or miles) in U.S. waters or territories.
SO if the boat is in charter in the BVI's, the boat cannot be bonus-depreciated, and you'd follow the longer ADS schedule instead.
  6. @timinfla2 [1 likes]: Amazingly informative - Thanks for putting this together, especially the difference between the 100/500 rules.
  7. @jonathankreiner2551: Unfortunately, LLC business losses are now capped annually in the US at $3k maximum.  This does not offer much tax advantage to the boat/business owner.
  8. @shatiragindraw8639: This was informative I am definitely interested in passive
  9. @kezdickinson1: Great video. My partner and I are crew and are looking at buying our own yacht one day and all of this information is so useful to us so thank you.
  10. @jacobpriest: Great video
  11. @carlmoore730: Is there depreciation on used boats?
Eg. Boat costs 350k its 20 years old. Is there any depreciation? Also living on the boat

- CARIAD 1896 presentation for World Super Yacht Awards 🏆🥇: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Carriad. Who is she? She is the largest and oldest gapri rig catch in the world today. Kriad is a Welsh word meaning beloved or sweetheart. She was built in 1896 by Summers and Payne of Southampton for Lord Dunraven of England. Kriad's history is truly rich. She won the 1898 Lisbon to Bombay Vasco Dama Cup, returning the trophy to the Royal Yacht Squadron. What is the Carriad Project? As of 2024, it is the latest 4-year restoration of a classic 128-year-old gaffrigged sailing yacht. The Carriad project is much more than a restoration of a classic yacht. It represented an opportunity. An opportunity for an owner to preserve maritime history driven by passion with a personal wealth to fund such a project. An opportunity for master tradesmen, artists in their field to display and pass on their knowledge to future classic yacht restoration ship rights. An opportunity to put on the map and encourage the Kingdom of Thailand's boat building industry. An opportunity for a designer, Mr. Paul Spooner to restore and recreate history. An opportunity for a project manager, Mr. Dez Karns and Kent, along with their teams to showcase a lifetime of experience and bring together a rare specialist crew to be able to even execute such a complex restoration. Each and every person who was asked to join the Carriad project knew that this was an opportunity of a lifetime and was something much bigger than a yacht refit. It was commented, "Everyone involved would have worked for the privilege had there not been a need of money to live." The result is what can only be described as breathtaking. If you love yachts and true craftsmanship, then you'll love the Carriad 1896 project. Tim asked me to get involved a few years back, basically to get her back into saving condition. as with so many projects, the project just grew and grew and there was quite a lot more structural work to be done and engineering and and I mean the whole team has done a huge amount to get her to this point. I've helped out with the engineering and some of the structures, worked with the rig and that to a point where today we uh we took her sailing. It was a fantastic day. She sailed as well as I think as we all hope, not even a little bit better. And Tim Hartnull, the CEO of Express Feeders Shipping Line is the owner of Carriad. He trusted us to do the job. This was our brief. I want you to restore Kriad to a former glory utilizing traditional methods. However, in our wildest dreams, we never thought we would carry out the restoration twice. From the beginning, we believed our true challenge was to produce a quality of workmanship in Thailand that would be judged favorably by our peers in Europe. We've achieved that. I regard restoring Kriad as an opportunity in life to leave behind something tangible. From Tim's point of view, why did he do it? Because it takes a lot of heart, guts, trust, and money. Tim always said, "I found it difficult to resist the call of history, especially when I'm presented with the chance to preserve it because without his money and his backing, we wouldn't have what we have out there today." She was built in 1896, Southampton. all the traditional methods for Lord Dun Raven who wanted a fast ocean racing yacht. In the last 100 years, she's had a checkered career, 13 owners, refit after refit. She's completed three circumnavigations, survived two world wars and the Great Depression, and twice we brought her back to life. And here we are today doing sea trials. Heat. [Applause] Carriad project has been a big part of your life for how many years? Coming up to 5 years to restore this boat for me and our crew. The level of detail looking around is is just incredible. It's like nothing I've ever seen before. Remembering we're on 128-year-old vessel. How did you get her to look so beautiful and stunning? The integrity of the vessel comes down to myself and my tie guys. Now, your life work is restoring traditional timber vessels like carry. Correct. We were talking off camera before. This table, for instance, has so much history. It's it's a gimbal table, but can you tell me a little bit about just the table we're sitting at here? For instance, when Dez first took the um job on as project manager for this boat 17 years ago, word got out around the world that Carriad was being restored again and she's a much loved vessel. So, the stories started pouring in. One of the stories that we got was that this was the original table in Carriad when she was built in 1896 and London. The king of England at the time sat at this table. They're incredible. What remains of Carriad on board from her original build? Those kind of questions I can answer very accurately for you because I know every part of this vessel. Right. Originally when we restored it, brought her up, put her in a makeshift shed in Satun, southern Thailand, and started meticulously and very carefully pulling her apart. All of the planking was in very bad condition. And the frames, which originally when she was built, riveted iron frames. Section by section, we would deplank the boat and then pull the ribs out and copy each individual rib shape. And in order to maintain and keep her original shape was had to be a very careful process. She was originally plked in 2 and 1/2 in thick te. She was built of Burmese te. We're very close to where the actual timber came from to where she was built. Obviously, back in those days, sailors were well enough traveled to know what timber had the best integrity from what part of the world. In this particular case, because it was being built for Lord Dun Raven, yes, he wanted te. Having said that, when we deplanked the boat down to the garbet and the first three planks off the garbet, they were American elm. They were still in really good condition. So, going back to your original question, how much of the original carrier is still there? We ended up replacing all of the frames and then keeping the garbet plank, which is the first plank off the keel, the whole of the keson, three planks off of the garbet, as much else as we could retain when we completely rebuilt the rudder, which is huge. We retained the original old rudder post, the original old steering gear. There's still bits and pieces of her left. Yeah. Enough for, in my opinion, she still retains her soul. What's um one of the most interesting parts of the sourcing of the timber that you could tell us about? I made a lot of inquiries from local traditional boat builders. Did a lot of research on the timber that we could source locally. We came up with a um a local Asian timber called Tech and Tong. I went up into Laos and we uh started trying to source uh because the tech and tong that comes from Laos is the best. There is always specific countries where uh the timber has more integrity. Yeah, I'm very passionate about wooden boats and especially this one. It's a bit like a love affair. You you meet someone or a boat, you fall in love and your passion doesn't waver. Even though it's a timber boat, the lines all come from the frames. Traditional carboard plank follow the lines of the frames. Having said that, to bend the planks around into that shape is the art, right? And uh that all comes down to old school accurate carpentry and uh measurements and bevels, fairing patterns and measuring off and it's it's been done the same for thousands of years. So a lot of that's done by eye rather than using laser levels or anything particular tech technology. That's the whole thing about a boat. You you you you can't use a you chuck your square and your spirit level away. You only have a certain number of planks which make up the sides of the boat. Obviously, they have to be thinner at the bow and then flare out to wider in the middle to give the the shape and the beaminess. The stern of this vessel is absolutely gorgeous. And when uh we went to rebuild because it's h it's termed a counter stern boat. Right. Right. Um, so which basically means that you've got the the the rudder post there and then the actual hull protrudes and counter count can levers counters back way over the far beyond the the stern post. Yeah, she was the forerunner of the Jclass because uh that's when uh the English yacht designers really got into the idea of a big counter stern so that when the boat lays over you increase your waterline length uh but it makes for a very beautiful line on the boat the counter stern which means that the whole stern is overhanging the water but very hard to recreate when we're resto stored carriad 17 years ago. This was all rotten out and so we meticulously pulled it all apart and then because she's a composite boat basically means steel framed iron framed everywhere we had to reace iron framing right the way back but because she is essentially a timber boat the um timber had to be married very carefully onto the steel extended beyond. So, this whole section that we're sitting on here is basically solid timber. Wow. And then carved out into this gorgeous shape. Probably one of the most special places on the whole boat. Well, it and it's certainly gorgeous. And seeing her under sail, it's it's it's just truly breathtaking. You know, we even talk about the blocks. We have handstitched leather sheets over over the blocks. You you did all that by hand. Yeah. It's all inhouse. Uh we didn't build the blocks. The blocks all were were were made in um Holland. There are certain blocks like this one here which bang against the deck. They all needed leathering up and so yeah, we did all that in house. How did it feel to be out there sailing and watching your vision and everything come together? Pretty happy actually with how it all went. New crew, learning a new boat. We've had good light breezes. Ease ourselves into it. And so you're the you're the sailing master on board Carriad and you're also a rigger by trade. How different is Carriad compared to normally used to doing? Uh I've done I've done a few boats similar to this before but most of my work has been replica ships like Captain Cook's Endeavor and the and the DKIN so much older period and square rigged. You know this is a nice contrast in a way. You you mentioned Carriad's a very powerful yacht when she winds up. How how many people would it take to to sail her when she's, you know, in 15 to 20 knots of breeze and and powered up? Well, I wanted 15, which is what we've had on board, but I think if you were racing with tops and spiners and things, you'd probably want 20. Yeah. Yeah. Well, it's a very sleek hole. They realized that they did a stability test in Satun and then Paul went and crunched his numbers and realized that the rig was too tall for the boat. When they did the homework, they actually realized that there were two carriads built and the rig on this one was modeled on the the second carriad which was 10 ft longer. Wow. So, having done the stability data, then you can work out, yeah, okay, we're going to lie the sticks in the drink. You've got a beautiful rig, beautiful new set suit of sails and she's sailing along, but it's the proportions of hull and cabin and rig that makes her stand out. So, yeah, there's some beautiful fittings. I know the steering gear when they've been working on it's just spectacular engineering from a bygone era, but it's it's pretty nice. And and having seen her out sailing today, I can tell you she's absolutely gorgeous. It really really is. And and you talk about the the cabin layout down below. Really a lot of thought has gone into that. And those proportions that you do talk about really are there. It's a livable yacht. You could get on here and you could comfortably live. Depends on who you are because I mean it is still a racing yacht. She's fine. And like we were out yesterday, we had got um up to about fine on the bow. We'd had about eight or nine knots of breeze, but we were getting along at sort of five and a half to six knots. So, we choose just a raceh horse from a bygone era. Beautiful thing. Yeah. Beautiful. See, what's one of the greatest things about sailing? Empowerment. You get a sail up by hand. Even though we got some electric winches to help us with some of that, but you get that sail up, you cross that ocean. At the end of it, you are brothers, sisters, and and uh family. Y but you've empowered yourself because it's absolutely the most empowering thing you can ever do in your life. It's it's come to me how lucky I've been to have so many opportunities to have that. Well, sitting on board Carriad like this in the beautiful Krabby Thailand, I think we're lucky guys just to be here. Just being here. I know. I know. Captain T, you're a legend, but you're also the captain of a very beautiful and very old classic sailing yacht. You're famous for bringing unseaorthy boats a very long way from A to B and getting the job done. Can you tell me what happened when you towed Harriad to Thailand from Singapore? First night after we left Singapore uh into Malaysia water, the mass is uh broken down on the port side. My crew, two crew uh east side. So lucky not lucky you didn't hurt someone very badly. So the mast was totally soft. Yes. And at the same time you mentioned before you were pumping water. Pumping water a lot of water from the deck hatch out over the side while being towed all day and all night. All day. All night. And then you eventually got Harriad to Satun. To Satun where and safe to Satun. Safe to Satun. Congratulations. That's a job in itself. Yes. So, what does the future hold for Carriad? As a nominee at the World Super Yachts Award for the best classic rebuild or refit, she won. It was stated at the Gala event which was held in Venice. This year, the standard of classic yacht rebuilds was so high that the judges deemed these should be considered separately in a classic rebuild category. Two beauties were the finalists. While the judges noted that the quality of work on the famous racing boat Moon Beam was superb, it was Carriad, a yacht that had been brought back to life twice that had won the overall race. The judges were blown away by the amazing story behind the classic sailing yacht. This in fact marks the second complete rebuild of the boat. What remains from the original boat is a small percentage. Yet the judges commented that the refit project has been tremendously faithful to her original design. Then in 2025 leading a celebratory flirtatillaa up the tempames for a 250year anniversary of the Royal Temp's Yacht Club, one of the oldest yacht clubs in the world. It seems that Carriad is a draw card for historical events and places. We certainly hope that she will continue to create her archives for many more years to come and become a part of inspiring maritime history. [Laughter] We're preserving a piece of British maritime history. It's all disappearing from the world. All of this stuff's disappearing. And if we can preserve it and have it sailing, a worthwhile project preserving British maritime

- CNN | The Whole Story - Superyachts and the Super Rich - Full episode (2024): Kind: captions Language: en [Music] welcome to the whole story I'm Anderson Cooper tonight we take you into a world that few people get to see up close the world of super Yachts private boats some of them longer than a football field they can cost hundreds of millions of dollars and it seems there's plenty of buyers since the pandemic more people than ever are building and buying them business is reportedly booming they become status symbols for the super rich and striking symbols of economic in equality their impact on the environment and the oceans is a topic of debate the US has seized some super Yachts of Russia's Elite and now your tax dollars are surprisingly being spent to keep their ships in tiptop shape CNN's Allison camarada takes us inside this Hidden World of super yachts and her first stop the Monaco yacht show this is is Monaco land of the ultra wealthy and dotting the harbor like crown jewels are some of the world's largest super Yachts pleasure that's no surprise considering this is the richest country in the world per capita people here don't pay income tax which as you can imagine attracts Millionaires and billionaires from all over the globe a picture Queen who will become a princess greets her new subjects from the moment the American actress Grace Kelly sailed into Port Hercules to marry Prince reer III the princess carrying her poodle Oliver arrives with her husband to board their yacht we've been fascinated by the yachting life from the TV show Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous the glamorized wealth in decadence decades ago to today's popular reality show Bravo below de deck to social media feeds of celebrities lounging on Yachts like Beyonce's photos on Instagram we seem to have an almost Primal fascination with rich people and how they spend their money the Obamas aboard David gein's yacht vacationing with Bruce Springsteen Tom Hanks Oprah Winfrey these boats look very nice these are yachts and I think a lot of people would look at these and say these are pretty big yeah they're beautiful until you see the big ones CNN contributor Evan Osos is also a staff writer at the New Yorker magazine who scored the plum assignment of researching super Yachts what can be important to keep in mind is none of this existed a few years ago his 2022 New Yorker article on the super wealthy obsession with super Yachts created some waves in the industry they've become in some ways the final frontier of wealth the emblem of what you buy when there's nothing else left to buy they are a higher caliber of wealth than even a beautiful Penthouse apartment a private plane that's all chump change compared to these I mean in the end expensive art is perhaps $200 million for a war hul the most expensive apartment ever sold in New York City was $240 million in yacht terms that's pretty ordinary money actually these things can become 300 400 $500 million a gigot in the end is the most expensive thing that humans have figured out how to own Giga yachs are the largest kind of super yacht we'll show you the different sizes in a bit but on board it seems no expense is spared we saw mosaics made of Italian leather a working Spa complete with a hair and nail salon and massage rooms dive centers with walls that open onto the ocean wooden flooring made from a 16th century Monastery glass encased pools to swim laps and a swimming pool in a bedroom ceiling this is the really the center of the supero universe in Monaco at this time of year so if you're in the market for a big yacht this is the place to come this is where we see the biggest super Yachts yeah sure Monaco hosts the Formula 1 grand prix Every Spring but this annual weeklong yachting event is called one of the greatest concentrations of wealth in the world is a bucket list place to be if you're in the industry if you're shopping for a yacht and a big yacht not a small yacht this is it this is a Super Bowl this is the World Cup final strolling along the peers of the Monaco yach show one thing becomes Crystal Clear size does indeed matter what's Loa Loa that's the coin of the realm it stands for length overall and look on some level yes this is about people mostly men buying giant yachts and competing with one another call it B big yacht energy and it fuels a 10 billion doll a year industry Bernard dandre has been Secretary General of the Monaco Yacht Club for over four decades and tell us about the changes that you've seen the size of the boat is very increase every year are you seeing people want bigger boats more length always and every time they change the boat they grow approximately 40% of the size and the value of the V why is that what can they not get on an 80ft yacht that they want to upgrade first of all life change your family grow or maybe you change you change wife and you have a new life you make more money and then you like to have a bigger boat as we learned not all Yachts are created equal tell me about the distinctions between super yacht mega yacht Giga yacht well super yacht's anything over 20 4 M length overall at Loa the rules maintain that you need crew and a cruded boat over 24 m means it's a super yacht so that's like 78 ft for the American that's right let me do the math a super yacht is at least 78 ft long and has a full-time crew the larger you go the looser the terms but at 230 ft it's generally called a mega yacht above 295 ft most people will call it a giga yacht later we'll give you a glimpse inside the queen of the Monaco yacht show one of the largest Giga yachts in the world at ft just for reference an NFL football field from one goal line to the other is only 300 ft so how many passengers can you take on a huge floating football field generally only 12 this surprises people outside of the industry the LA is written in a curious way it goes all the way back to the sinking of the Titanic they imposed rules that said that you can only have on most Yachts 12 people spend the night not to get too technical but in the wake of the 1912 Titanic disaster stricter safety rules were put in place for commercial passenger ships including having lifeboats or rafts for 125% of the passengers and crew but those Maritime rules are much looser for private pleasure crafts with 12 passengers or less and that's the category for most Yachts but there's no limit on the number of crew so as a result you might have a yacht that has 12 guests and up to 50 people who are working on the boat attending to them Devon J Von rensburg is the captain of the virtuosity I'm so excited please remove your shoes does everybody have to remove their shoes everyone removes their shoes the virtuosity he Helms one of the newest Super Yachts from the Italian ship Builder San Lorenzo at 187 ft how many crew for 12 guests on board virtuosity we have 12 but boats of this size can accommodate up to 20 crew 20 crew for 12 yes correct people can be doed on in their every wish is your command some people like fresh strawberries in the mornings and we might sit in in the middle of nowhere at anchor strawberries will come by a helicopter on board virtuosity we can make the impossible possible within hours but a miracle takes me at least a day to truly understand what that level of service and luxury feels like this is the crew San Lorenzo invited me to spend one glorious night aboard the virtuosity it was a tough assignment but I accepted yeah this doesn't suck the virtuosity spent the summer in the Mediterranean or the med as they call it here the Canadian owners have opened her up for Charter after the Monaco yacht show she'll head to the Caribbean for the winter in the meantime the captain gave us a tour even this is beautiful the staircase yeah the staircase is also one of their show pieces that they very proud of on board virtuosity I can see why how many floors is this we have three this yacht has everything from a disco way the music happens to the bridge oh my God to the upper Salon where guests hang out on rainy days to the sunbathing area SL helicopter deck and of course the swimming pool in the spirit of reporting I had to try them all this is where you'll be staying tonight ah welcome to the owner's cabin the owner's cabin oh my heavens look at this I'm getting used to this it's worrying me how comfortable I'm getting here so for our first course we have the cicho SE dinner on super Yachts is just as delicious and extravagant as you'd imagine the virtuosity comes with Gourmet level Cuisine which definitely stretched our CNN per DM budgets but don't be fooled by the peaceful Ambiance a lot of work is being done a few decks below no problem tell me what I need to serve okay just a taste of the meticulous round thee clock White Club service yacht crews are expected to provide to guests on board what are some of the most extravagant food requests you've gotten oh I got a good one bolog sauce they want that's only made with Kobe A5 beef and that's not cheap around 5 grand just for the sauce for 10 people oh my God if it's $5,000 for special pasta sauce how much does it cost to Charter a whole super yacht we'll run at about 4 to 500,000 per week4 to $500,000 to Charter this boat per week correct and that's just for the yacht not included travel to the boat's location food and drink Fuel and gratuities for the crew give me the archetype of the type of people who are chartering it people who are serious about their [Laughter] holidays coming up waking up on a super yacht and an inside look at one of the world's largest Giga Yachts no has really seen her she was very secretive for a very very long time and the undeniable environmental impact there's no way around it these are gas guzzlers and later the unexpected cost of seizing the super Yachts of Russian oligarchs once the US seizes it they have to maintain it and spend a lot of taxpayer stunning Sunrise Tranquility it's just glorious it turns out waking up on a super yacht in Monaco is well just as incredible as you might imagine morning thank you times 100 but it's time for us to get back to work the beauty is to go in side of Pino San Trope uh Capri masimo peroti is the executive chairman of italian-based ship Builder San Lorenzo they had several vessels on display at the Monaco yacht show including the virtuosity if we show to the people how good is voting you know if we can increase from 3 to 4% the rate of penetration to the super Rion that means 25% more business which is huge of course this luxury does not come cheap never mind chartering or even owning one of these Mega Million doll vessels even the cost of maintenance is eye popping we tell people assume 10% of the cost of the Y as an annual maintenance on it Chuck Ashman is the chief Revenue officer of marine Max the world's largest retailer of recreational boats Frasier is their premium yacht brand if the yacht was 10 million it's probably going to cost you a million dollars a year despite those bottomless costs business is still booming for super Yachts it started with the pandemic when people wanted to get away from their possibly infectious neighbors and set sale 2020 and 2021 saw record high sales on super Yachts for the super rich but it turns out that boom carries a big cost for the rest of us as well the best estimates are that one big diesel yacht will generate as much greenhouse gas as500 passenger cars over the equivalent period of time that kind of environmental impact has put a big Target on their sundex Spanish climate activists posted videos of themselves vandalizing a super yacht activists holding a banner in front of the $300 million ship where they spray it with red and black p pain the Y reportedly belongs to billionaire Walmart AIS Nancy Walton Lori then there's Jeff Bezos one of the world's richest men and philanthropists the Bezos Earth funds 10 billion commitment to fight climate change he's built the world's largest sailing yacht the koru undoubtedly a giga yacht but don't be fooled by this sailboat's air of environmental Consciousness kou is trailed behind by abiona a 246 ft Motor Yacht that has a 70,000 G tank a boat kou size at 417 ft typically would have at least one helicopter landing pad but because koru is a Sailing Boat you can't land a helicopter on that so the fact that she was a sailboat and that she was greener than most megga yots actually necessitated the existence of abiona because Jeff likes his helicopters and Lauren Sanchez his fiance as a licensed pilot Jeff Bezos declined to comment for the CNN documentary it's a symbol of something deeper which is that it tends to be that wealthier people have a larger carbon footprint because of houses the jet the cars and the yacht becomes the most visible expression of that the industry is aware of the bad Optics of their gas guzzling ways the proof was in the buzzword we kept hearing over and over again in Monaco sustainability sustainability sustainability we're at a very interesting time in Ocean conservation Claire Brooke heads the blue marine Foundation a charity dedicated to securing at least 30% of the world's oceans as Marine protected by 2030 some of their efforts are showcased in this video narrated by Sir David Attenborough the kelp fron lock up vast amounts of carbon as they grow while the super yacht industry struggles to make its Public Image greener some companies give money to environmental organizations doing the work every time we transact any business we donate to Ocean conservation with blo Marine foundation and ask our clients and then it's a question of of them saying yes I'll donate you know a half a percent or a percentage of my chter fee directly to Ocean conservation it's sort of like being asked for a donation of a few cents at the grocery store checkout line but the luxury yacht brokerage Burgess believes even little green gestures can add up all the flowers on the Burgess stand at the moment should last up to a year they are real flowers they are beautiful flowers how did they last a year they are preserved biologically with natural oils so if you are able to keep the same arrangements for a year or you know even 6 months for a season it's it's a small thing but all those 1centers will make a sea change we've heard about flowers They're going to try to make that why is that funny not to put too fine a point on it but but you know when you look at the scale of the problem you know some more sustainable materials or fake flowers are a little bit like putting lipstick on a pig they hardly scratch the surface so we've got a massive job to do in terms of reducing our CO2 emissions our industry needs to be extremely cautious when we communicate about ability in Ting uh a y would never be 100% green and certainly a yacht like this will never be considered eco-friendly Corinthia 7 the 97 meter boat built in Germany by Lon she a very very famous supot no one's really seen her she was very secretive for a very very long time it's very funny that you say she's been quite secretive because it's such a paradox for something this you know ginor to be secretive yeah it is a strange combo built in 2002 and refit by a new owner in 2023 the Corinthia 7 is the queen of the Monaco yacht show remember that's the Giga yacht that is larger than a football field from one goalpost to the other one of the biggest in the world but even on a ship this size you can still only have 12 overnight guests that can be stretched to five more with people called super numerar like security a nanny a teacher or a helicopter pilot but the number of crew is virtually unlimited this will run you around $1.6 million a week to Charter you know the Emoji where your brain explodes like an atom that's that's the effect it had David seal is a former broker turned YouTuber there Yachts who shows the rest of us land lovers the inside of these Giga Yachts on his Channel Yachts for sale I think the buyers now are more intelligent buyers what does that mean at one time you could pay for a super model to PW lips on the power of a yacht with a big hat and sell the yach not anymore that doesn't sell anymore it's getting a little bit boring so now people they actually want to know um how fast does it go how how far does it go is the big question how far can it go on a tank of gas that's right but the folks at the Yacht show say we're thinking about this all wrong these may be Giant Gas Guzzlers but they're also huge job creators this is uh a really brilliant way we've devised of extracting a lot of wealth from rich people and redistributing it to an awful lot of other people how so well first of all to build one of these things costs some of the bigger ones hundreds of millions of Euros or dollars Behind These objects there is a whole world of families of workers of designers which make uh this happen it's the trickle down theory of yacht ownership these boats require constant and Relentless servicing and maintaining from those tireless Crews endlessly swabbing and polishing to the tenders which are small boats that fer passengers to land from their super Yachts anchored at sea to the ship Builders and designers to the highly skilled Craftsmen to the yacht Brokers to the yacht industry media buying a yacht is often referred to as a purchase of passion there's a lot of people making boatloads of money from Super Yachts so rather than people seeing these things as just the toy of some you know billionaire X there are actually many floating economies and wherever they go they absolutely fire hose money into local economies and populations up next speaking of owners we've found them to be sort of camera shy our search to find a super yacht owner who'll talk to us does somebody need a 250 ft yacht at the 2023 Monaco yacht show 117 super Yachts were on display with every toy and accessory imaginable take two come on you don't have to be in Monaco long to cross paths with this colorful character Eddie Jordan a former race car driver Formula 1 team owner current drummer in a rock band TV personality and owner of roughly 20 Yachts over several decades I'm a drugie I've got the needle in the arm for boats but even this self-described yacht junkie thinks we may have reached the Tipping Point and that the size of these floating buildings may be going overboard what do you think when you see all the 200t yachts and all the mega yachts and Giga yards for me personally I don't get it they leave me cold why because they're too ostentatious I think it's very much a here I am this is what I've done I've been Mega successful uh and this is my boat why does somebody need a75 ft or 200t yacht I'm not even sure about that the maximum size I had was 150 ft but you know what the biggest problem was Finding enough friends who had time available at the right time to join you because being on a big boat like that is very boring very selfish and I'm not sure it's creating the right Vibe for the staff the crew or anybody we tried to get present day super yacht owners to talk to us about what makes it so addictive but oddly no one agreed to go on camera the truth is nobody in that world pretends that it's a productive investment the yacht from the very moment it's created is essentially in Mortal Combat with its own environment the water is trying to rust it from below the Sea Air is trying to turn this thing Brown and sink it to the bottom of the ocean so it's a horrible investment it's a terrible investment you're buying it partly because of the fact that it is utterly unnecessary so if you're concerned about the amount of money you're spending that right there probably disqualifies you at outset maybe that's why no owner would talk to us maybe they're embarrassed by the over-the-top extravagance of these things maybe that kind of talk is too go for Monaco so we headed west some place with even more Super yachts and maybe more accessible owners Fort Lauderdale Florida home to the world's largest boat show what's the difference between the Monaco yacht show and the Fort Lauderdale International Boat Show it's often harder to tell the American owner from a man in the street the full rob butt you could see a guy walking along here at 9:00 in the morning with a can of beer and shorts you know he could be worth $500 million you just don't know Stuart Campbell is the editorinchief at Boat International a yachting industry Media Company America is the market for supia is half the market the American supia owner keeps this industry alive this you can see is my wife's doing if me you would have paper dishes mhm plastic cups right she has to have all this faace silverware and all this crazy dishes and you know everything Vace with my wife finally we found one 76-year-old American owner owner John stupi was happy to talk to us and give us the Run of his mega yacht he bought it in early 20123 when she was named solo he refit and renamed her Casino Royale so John I know you're a big James Bond fan we even got one in this elevator the but the elevator look at this Casino Royale with his wife of 36 years Janette and their beloved dog buddy stupy shared his story of yacht addiction how many Yachts have you had about 22 you've had 22 Yachts yeah why so many you know when you build a Bo you always forget something you know I like a bigger bedroom I like a fireplace you know so you always look to do something different he likes projects when I was a kid we used to buy this dog called Potato Head you put different eyes and different clothes on it and stuff like that so basically a super yacht is just like Mr Potato but this toy cost $70 million used and more than $4.5 million to maintain each year the stupes only spend two to three months on it annually but they do Charter it out for $800,000 a week plus food drink fuel tips Etc so all in is it a million dollars yeah probably a million dollarss a week yeah that's staggering so when this bat goes on charted we need a closet for close a floating closet how big is that one 110 ft you have another yacht over there 110 ft yes it's your backup yacht it's my backup boat then we're going to sell that boat stupi is a self-made man originally a mechanic from Brooklyn he made his fortune with successful car dealerships like the one in this grand opening video April the 9th 1988 the launching takes place of octopos in 1988 he also set the world record for creating the fastest yacht when he put three huge diesel engines in a 140 ft yacht and throttled it up in this archival footage you can see cupi setting his sights on his goal I knew I could never afford to have the biggest shott in the world but I knew I could have the fastest shot in the world when you say the fastest yacht in the world what does that mean well I'm the first guy that went 53 knots with a boat 61 m per hour a new world record more and more people have super yachs now yes is it harder to get in some places now there's only a few marines that could really handle us like when you go to Europe if you're over 200 ft you got to Anchor out because there's really not a lot of places to go but you know there's people with 300 ft 400 ft you know it gets crazy I know what's too big I think 250 ft to Big cuz yours is 243 I just took it easy a little bit lower but seriously if some great places in the world won't let you in with a bigger than 200t boat why have a bigger one you know why you build a big a house or what do you do something you know is there a reason for it no I guess it's ego his ego has gotten bigger and bigger as the same goes time stand still when you're on the water hi Steve thank you for welcome modos there's another benefit that American owners like Steve ltis talked to us about fantastic thank you as corny as it may sound they say they buy these ginormous boats for the intimacy they create for their family Ames having your family on the boat they're sort of Trapped with you so they can't get away from you at home your kids do try to escape where here everybody sort of hangs around and has a nice family conversation so this is where the kids sleep yes Steve's a brilliant American owner he's into bigger boats so Steve's perfect for our industry because he will just keep going and going and going ltis showed us around his latest super yacht and answered some of our pressing questions Steve your yacht has a his and hers bathroom it does with a shower in between room for two that's great is there any size that's too big you know um probably not are you looking to upgrade at some point yes always looking to upgrade does somebody need a 250 ft yacht probably not but you know there's a lot of things that we have in life that we don't have to have it's just a matter of enjoying uh fruits of your labor coming up the seizure of Russian oligarchs Yachts did the governments realize how much this is going to cost taxpayer we're joining with European allies to find and seize their Yachts their luxury apartments their private jets his administration planned to seize their ill-gotten gains and now the world is targeting the Billionaire's extravagant Yachts German authorities seiz the dillbar It is believed to be the world's biggest yacht and it's the latest to be swept up in the global drag net targeting The Riches of Russian oligarchs Russian oligarchs really seem to love their Mega yachts all of a sudden in the spring of 2022 Yachts became a matter of geopolitical concern because you have the US government and in cooperation with countries like Italy Germany Spain they were beginning to freeze One yacht after another Italian authorities just seized a super yacht that may belong to Putin himself pral authorities have seized a super yacht at least 13 super yachts allegedly owned by Russian oligarchs have been seized or detained around the world since the invasion of Ukraine in many cases ownership and the right to sanction and seizure is playing out in each country's legal system as is the case with the dillbar in Germany as for the US American authorities were directly involved in two of those seizures the FBI boarded the 199 million doll yacht off the coast of mayorca in Spain first in April 202 2 the mega yacht Tango Western allies have seized the $90 million luxury yacht attorney general mer Garland said it will not be the last the next month a 348 ft Giga yacht seized in Fiji called the amadea federal officials sailed the $300 million yacht into the bay this morning the boat is Big it's four stories tall nearly 350 ft long with its own pool and helipad it's docking in San Diego comes after a more than 5 th000 M Journey from Fiji have you spent time on Russian Yachts I have I have most of the real super wealthy Russian would have a chain of people that you had to deal with before you could actually get to them in order to figure out who owns a yacht in many cases it's owned by a shell company in an offshore tax Haven there are lawyers and companies standing between the real owner and the names on the page these things now entered a kind of legal limbo in the meantime by the way these boats are being maintained strangely enough by us taxpayers the law requires that these boats are maintained at the level at which they were seized meaning that it can cost tens of millions of dollars to keep these boats afloat that's right American taxpayers are paying the upkeep on both Yachts seized by the FBI including the amadea it's been sitting in a Southern California dock for more than a year and a half according to court documents it's reportedly costing taxpayers $1 million a month what happens if you just let it deteriorate well at the end of it maybe you on that sanction listing undeservedly now you're going to say well you took my $100 million yacht and you let it rot at the dock for a year and now it's worth 50 million where's my compensation for that some of them are up for sale but I personally spoken to brokers who are dissuading their clients from buying them Kevin Koenig is a journalist who's been covering the yacht industry for 15 years and blogs about it on his Instagram account the yacht fella the initial intention was seizing these Yachts for the US government in the UK and the EU is oh we're going to sell them off a great profit and pump that money into rebuilding Ukraine and the war effort there US Government couldn't sell them so far no nation has been able to finalize the sale of any seized super Yachts for Ukraine's benefit or government coffers to my knowledge these seizures did nothing to the oligarchs these guys are worth 6 seven8 12 billion and you take away their $300 million yacht yeah so what and a lot of them are keeping their boats in turkey and the UAE and friendly ports where they're untouched due to different political reasons but American authorities say these things take time the doj's task force klepto capture runs the US sanctions on Russian oligarchs so it may be months or even a year or more before we finally see the fruits of this effort but we're fully committed to seeing it to the end we do spend some money up front to maintain these assets that will pay off significant dividends down the line both in terms of what the US Government Can recoup and also what the US government can then make available for Ukraine and we intend to Prevail in court and see it through and some critics of the seizures claim that there are costs far beyond the financial personally I think nobody has the right to seize anybody's personal belonging whether it's Russian or American or Japanese or Chinese Muhammad Hussein Al shali is a former Emira Diplomat he's now chairman of golfcraft a yacht Builder based in the United Arab Emirates the princip of taking somebody else personal belonging it's not good for relation between people and governments and countries the big Yacht broker said to me look what happens someday if there's a war over Taiwan will China look at American Yacht owners and say all right we're going to start seizing these where we can it creates a tremendous amount of nervousness up next the future of super yachts you can dive right off the side of the yacht so Captain what is this this is our very own Dive Center on board you can dive right off the side of the yacht correct straight into the water oh my gosh this is the 209 ft Atomic a super yacht up for sale at the Fort Lauderdale International Boat Show Captain Alex AO a Florida native showed us some of the perks you can get for a mere $63 million wait a second what's this uh this would be our four-story Glass Elevator wow and here we have the owner's office very lavish so does the owner use this office not very often but on occasion he does make some phone calls and things here oh my God I'm glad you have a special room for phone calls so obviously to propel a 210 ft boat you need a lot of fuel about 35,000 gallons of fuel over three semitruck full of fuel so when you fill up this yacht what is the price t uh usually about $80,000 $80,000 how often are you filling it uh probably about seven times a year $80,000 seven times a year yes and that's just one of the maintenance costs uh yeah that's relatively small in the spectrum of how much money we spend to keep the vessel to a high standard using the 10% industry standard annual maintenance on this yacht would be roughly 6.3 million a year but that's not why the owner wants to sell it this is for sale correct because the owner wants to upgrade that is correct yes the owner wants a bigger yacht than this 210t yacht H slightly larger the most important question and this drives the entire industry is who is willing to spend more on a bigger yacht the entire thing only works if people are being tempted with the possibility of a bigger more expensive yacht constantly right cuz you'd think it's a oneoff you get you buy your yacht you're good oh no no it's a gateway drug we met this impulse buyer looking for his first hit in Fort Lauderdale it's the blue one is here on the you just bought it yeah how much 1.5 M congratulations but just moments later Felipe admits he may soon want something different you sure you're not going to want to graduate to a bigger boat one day make lot of money when we checked back after the boat show we learned Felipe already wanted something new he put in an order for a different color the superat business is thriving even owners of small boats will tell you that there's a thing called twoot itis so basically you get a boat and you want one two feet bigger I cannot recall such a a positive period we have gained a lot of newcomers osnos reports that in the '90s there were fewer than 10 mega yachs over 250 ft today there are more than 200 in service and according to the super yacht times close to 60 Mega yachs being built around the world what does the future of yachting look like those people who can afford to buy Yachts will be always there because they are not affected with the economic uh fluctuation we have 50 million people that vote a year in the United States right but you don't have 50 million billionaires I don't need 50 million give me 10 10 more billionaires that's all you're looking for that's all we need 3% of the US population owns a bone 97% Prospect to me while most people will likely never get to set foot on a giga yacht I kept coming back to the same seemingly unanswerable question for the owners are they happy on there do they end up feeling cooped up how many times can you go to your own inner disco with just five of your friends that's the question is there any boat ultimately that will satisfy whatever it is that you're seeking that drove you out into the water in the first place in a candid moment I remember a a CEO in Silicon Valley said to me look the reality is that this thing can go on forever you can continue finding and building and buying a bigger and bigger yacht and the question that you're ultimately posing to yourself is what is it actually that you're seeking according to the super yach times there were more than 5,500 Yachts over 98 ft long in operation by August of 2023 and Industry experts think the market will continue to grow thanks for watching the whole story I'll see you next Sunday

  Top Comments:
  1. @acooksla [3 likes]: My husband serviced super yachts for over 25 years and I cooked for these people. We are both so happy to be away from this demographic. We live somewhere now with very few wealthy people. Its a crazy reality, these people live.
  2. @Dave-mi3jy: The owner is on the boat a few weeks a year, the crew is on it year round….. who gets more enjoyment out of it ???? FYI, the two weeks a year suck for the crew for having to kiss some arrogant stinkin’ old man’s ass.
  3. @zenzeleluckymtshali8433: via  nuvo  super  nuvo watch hand uses luggage as i travel as in home area collection add on model watch
  4. @WorcesterRooster: 60 feet is a perfect live aboard yacht size. Some yachts of this size are super economical, using only 1 liter of fuel per nautical mile. Excess is a character flaw that will always be supported. It’s not quality of life, but not knowing what a good life is. There will always be people with more than they know what is good to do with. Super/mega/giga yacht owners are neither sailors nor yachtsmen. This is why they keep wanting more. They’re not satisfied because they have no passion for anything.
  5. @Rekles: Mean while they want me to have an electric car, maybe I can pay $5 to a green charity and get a gas hog
  6. @Rekles: Lot of people get mad that people can have such toys. I tell them they are looking at it wrong. To build these creates thousands of jobs not only to build it but to maintain. If the government had that money it would be spent in about a minute and would show nothing.
  7. @darrendaine4914: If any of the people that criticize someone rich enough to afford a super yacht had the same money of the people they're criticizing they would be doing the same thing their hypocrites who cares what the rich buy didn't get rich because they stole the money they got rich because their families earned it so you don't like being poor figure out how to be rich and shut up
  8. @darrendaine4914: Stupidest program ever
  9. @charleslivingston4697: What’s crazy - most owners spend 2-4 weeks / year on the yacht
  10. @charleslivingston4697: MORE UKRAINIAN OWNED SUPER YACHTS IN MONOCO THAN ANY OTHER - BILLIONS OF USA TAX DOLLARS 💸 SHOULD BE SEIZING UKRAINIAN NOT RUSSIAN YACHTS - MONEY LAUNDERING 1.0
  11. @SmartMoneyBro: CNN spent 44 mins bashing rich people. 😅
  12. @cq7415: Thanks for sharing this video.
  13. @larslotus: The only thing I hear is I'm not a millionaire😢 and a lot of 😖envy. If you give a lefti millions do you think thay will share 🤔🤔
  14. @monklast9752: The reporter fits right in. I don't trust her.
  15. @luap2551: Fuck !!  I wish I was in the top 1% ... I am poor but I wish .....
  16. @gardengeek3041: Because two wrongs don't make a right .... Answer to the person commenting who asks, "Why should I get rid of my gas truck when .... ".
  17. @starjeweller: Hydrogen yachts before using cosmic energy (Nikola Tesla) are the evolutionary progress.
  18. @2500HDjeff: Do 😂 as I $🤨y..not as I d😮
  19. @bjve1123: You don’t buy a boat, you buy a dream.
  20. @stevegoodwin3086: You got to understand the feeling of leaving the dock.

- Nadine, not Naomi - The story of the Wolf of Wall Street Yacht: Kind: captions Language: en Today we will be talking about the Naoi, the 167 ft yacht owned by Jordan Belelfford, the former millionaire made famous for his financial frauds and more notably his memoirs in the movie The Wolf of Wall Street. Before we get into it, despite the name of the yacht being the Naomi in the movie as named after Jordan's second wife Naomi the Duchess of Bay Bridge, the actual name of the yacht is the Naen, which is her actual name. Naen, not the Naomi. Before it was the Naen, the ship sailed under a few other names as it had other owners before Jordan and before ending up at the bottom of the Mediterranean Sea. Despite people's strange affection for the rich suffering out on the water, RIP Ocean Gate, the yacht actually has an interesting history filled with fashion icons, murder, and other influential people, which is worth talking about before we get into its demise in 1996. The yacht was born under the name Matilda. It was built in 1961 in Holland and at the time was 130 ft long. The yacht was like none other in the 1960s with five stateaterooms, beautiful dining facilities, and many other amenities only suitable for the super rich. The name Matilda was short-lived as the original buyer backed out and after a year or so, the Chanel family bought it and renamed it the Coco Chanel. Coco Chanel is known more famously for being the founder of the Chanel brand, but always had an attraction to yaching. She was actually once quoted saying, "As soon as you set foot on a yacht, you belong to some man, not to yourself, and you die of boredon." So naturally, her solution was to buy her own yacht. The yacht sailed under the Coca-Cola Chanel name for 14 years until it was sold again in 1977. Melvin Powers, a Texas millionaire and real estate developer, bought the yacht and renamed it the Jan Pamela. Melvin Powers has his own unique story, one that deserves its own movie, or at the very least a Netflix documentary. A Texas Millionaire on its own is pretty boring, but a Texas millionaire who was acquitted of murdering his aunt's husband is interesting enough. What makes it even more interesting is that Melvin Powers had an incestuous relationship with his aunt back in 1962, well before he ever bought the yacht. Roll Tide. Before we get to all that, a little backstory on Melvin is needed. Melvin was a navy man. He worked many jobs and then ended up being convicted and sent to jail for pulling a con job in Pontiac, Michigan, which just so happens to be LA home state and not very far from where I grew up. He served his 90 days in jail and then while on probation decided to move to Houston. While there, his mother convinced him to reach out to her sister Candy Mosler who lived in the area with her husband Jack. Katie and Jack Moser were very well off as Jack had owned a number of financial companies. Jack Mosler found out about this weird affair that his wife was having with her nephew through his servants and after reading about it in his wife's diary. He avoided divorce due to not wanting any negative publicity as well as remembering the prenuptual agreement that he had signed, which means old dirty aunt Candy would get half of everything he had. Candi and Jack did eventually separate and after they did, Candy gave Melvin money to buy a mobile home business. During the murder trial, many employees of Jack Mosler said that Melvin Powers made several threats that he would kill Jack. Then in 1964, when Aunt Candy returned home, she found her husband's body wrapped in a blanket. Jack Moser had been bludgeoned and then stabbed 39 times. Both Candy and Melvin were on trial for the murder, and the trial took place two years after Jack was found dead. The New York Times described it as one of the most spectacular homicide trials ever. The jury eventually accepted the defense's case, voted for a quiddle, and Melvin and Aunt Candy walked free. No one else was ever charged for the murder of Jack Mosler. A fitting end to this story was after the trial was over and both Jack and Candy were acquitted, they were seen kissing and then driving off into the sunset in a gold Cadillac. Their ancestral relationship continued for a few years before they eventually separated. Aunt Candy later married a guy 19 younger than she was, but a year after they married, the poor guy mysteriously fell from a balcony of their mansion. He did live, but suffered brain damage and Candy divorced him shortly after. Aunt Candy eventually died of an overdose on her own medication in 1976. Melvin did attend his aunt's funeral, and in typical rich guy fashion who's attending the funeral of an ex-lover, he did show up with a younger, attractive blonde woman. But getting back to the yacht, a year after Aunt Candy's death, he purchased it and renamed it the Jan Pamela. Under his ownership, the now Jam Pamela was sent off to Miami to get some upgrades. Originally, they started by adding a 10- foot long fishing cockpit and then later on added another 27 feet to the yacht. They literally cut the ship in two pieces, welded in this section, and then increased its total length to its final dimension of 167 ft. This new addition made room for a helipad, two more staterooms, bringing the total up to seven, a salon, and even a jacuzzi with mirrored ceilings. In 1983, Melba did go bankrupt. The ship was sold and had a new name, the Edgewater. And for those curious, Melvin Powers died at the age of 68 in 2010. The name Edgewater didn't last long as in 1989 it was sold and bought by two people, Mark Elliot and his employer, Bernie Little. Both Mark and Bernie had a lifelong love for this yacht back when it was owned by the Chanel family. And Bernie actually loved it so much that when he got the chance to buy it, he bought it sight unseen. Birdie made his fortunes by owning a distribution business for Annheiser Bush. Just like the rest though, they chose to rename it. Now called the Big Eagle, and under new ownership, the yacht yet again went under the knife for some much needed upgrades. They pulled out all the windows, recchromeed them, repainted the entire yacht, and even pulled the engines and replaced them with two much larger CAT engines, which doubled the horsepower to 800. The yacht even had a massive glass panel hidden under a pair of sofas. When a button was pushed, the sofas were lifted up by hydraulics, revealing the glass, which gave you a view of the sea under the yacht. The Big Eagle was now a popular charter yacht. Some of the clients included Bert Reynolds and Open Winfrey. But guess who her favorite client was. Jordan Belelffort fell in love with the yacht during all of his charters. So much in fact, that he begged Bernie to sell it to him. Jordan still needed to secure financing, but Bernie agreed to hold a note on the yacht for Jordan in 1995, so long as Mark Elliot would stay on as skipper. Jordan eventually took ownership in 1996, changed the yacht's name to its final name of the Naen. Remember, not Naomi, Naen, kept Mark on as a skipper, and continued to use the yacht personally as well as chartered it out. He also chose to upgrade the Naen with some interior restyling, loads of mirrors, extending the upper deck, and even adding a crane that was capable of picking up and lowering a sea plane. It also held a lot more than just a sea plane, including a 30ft tender, two 18 ft dingies, four motorcycles, six jet skis, and a ton of professional diving gear. Mark Elliot later confirmed the crazy parties Jordan would have on board. But to him, Mark's job was only to protect the Naen. He was even quoted saying that Jordan was a brilliant and lovely person, but when he was in party mode, he was out of control. The fun was short-lived. Jordan and crew were making an 85 mile trip between Italy and Sardinia when a at the time 20 knot storm turned into a 70 knot storm that had waves that crested almost 35 ft. The Denine took on the storm quite well, holding its own for a few hours until the storm slowly started to chip away at the yacht. Among the first item lost to the storm was the 30-foot tender. After being beaten by the waves, the lights towing the boat finally gave way and the $100,000 toy was gone. The Nadine was slowly creeping through the storm at three or four knots when the massive wave smashed the for deck, breaking it apart like nothing, leaving a 3x4 ft hole open to be filled by the next wave and the waves after that. At that point, the Nadine was taking on water and being torn apart by the violet Mediterranean. About an hour after the four deck had been destroyed, one of the 18 ft jetboats that had been strapped to the deck came loose and smashed through the dining room windows. The Naiden's bow was now nearly underwater and water was rushing through the dining room into the middle of the yacht. Water made its way through the salon and into some of the stateaterooms. At that point, Mark Elliot knew the Nadine was severely crippled and used a satellite phone to contact the Italian Coast Guard. Mark then met with the passengers and crew, told them the situation, and slowly, one by one, they all went to their rooms to collect passports and anything of value that was small enough to fit into a bag. When the Italian Coast Guard got the call, they immediately sent out a rescue helicopter. They even sent out a large, slower, but dependable rescue boat with other larger ships on standby. 30 minutes after Mark made the call, the rescue helicopter showed up to attempt to airlift passengers out. The helicopter lowered down a rescue diver, but between the dark, the violent storm, and the rolling waves, the diver wasn't able to make contact. The diner himself actually was almost lost after crashing into the crane in other parts of the yacht. He was eventually lifted back up and the helicopter was forced to take off. Several hours had passed and no one had been rescued yet. The storm got even worse and anything that was on the deck of the Naen was now lost. The larger ships that were on standby were also having troubles of their own trying to launch a rescue ship to head to the Naen. Also, at one point in the night, a merchant ship that was nearby came to try to help the Naen, but almost accidentally ran into it, coming as close as 15 feet from the yacht. Mark was able to maneuver the Naen out of the way and avoided further disaster. There were several attempts throughout the night to send helicopters to rescue, but they all had the same issues as the first one. High seas, high winds, and low visibility made it almost impossible to get to it. The NAM was sinking more and more into the water, and at this point, some crew members were set to retrieve the life rafts to get ready to be used. But before they could get to one of the three life rafts, one of the trigger lights to a raft had gone off, inflating the raft and sending it over the side. A strong gust of wind had come in and tore the life raft away from the yacht, and it was never seen again. Now, around 3:00 a.m., the commander of the Coast Guard made contact with Mark and put together a plan. They decided that they needed to clear away the helipad in order for a rescue to be possible, which meant that the helicopter that was strapped to the helellipad would need to be lost. Mark was reluctant to do so, but him and the crew made efforts to release the straps that held the helicopter to the pad, and then he steered the naen in a direction that would allow the storm to sweep the helicopter off. The storm eventually swept the helicopter off the pad, and the helicopter was lost at sea. Now, around 5:00 a.m., the rescue helicopters from the Coast Guard were set back out, and the rescue was finally able to take place. All the people on the Denine went in separate groups, starting with the female passengers, then the female crew, then the male guests, and lastly, some of the male crew members. Mark and a couple of crew members stayed on board the NAD, still optimistic that they could save her. Mark and the remaining crew members loaded into the life raft grabbed all the passports, some logs, and some of the personal belongings of the passengers as they were not allowed to take them with them when the Coast Guard picked them up. Mark's last official active duty aboard the Naen and at the request of the Coast Guard was to go into the engine room and shut everything down. He did so, boarded the lifeboat, and was able to get out and away with the remaining crew members. 10 minutes after they were all cleared of the Naen, she was gone. Mark was congratulated for what he was able to do with the Naen and getting every single person off of the ship alive and uninjured. He was even offered command of Bernie Little's next large charter yacht. Mark has always kept his feelings about the sinking of the Naen a secret, but noted that his biggest regret was leaving behind his banjo. The insurance was quick to pay out for the loss of the Naen considering the size and severity of the storm. The only thing that remained from the Naen that was recovered without a scratch was the 30-foot tender that broke free early on. Now the Naen rests 1,000 m below the surface of the Mediterranean Sea just 20 m east of the coast of Sardinia. She was in operation for 35 years, saw numerous owners, transformations, and was likely host to some wild stories. From the Matilda to the Coco Chanel to Jan Pamela to Edgewater to Big Eagle and finally the Naen, she lived a wild life. I just hope all the new owners followed the rules of renaming a boat, which I'll cover in another video. This was the Naen. Thank you for watching. Thank you for listening. If you know of a unique shipwreck that you'd like me to cover, let me know. Text.

  Top Comments:
  1. @SteveSteve515 [3 likes]: Nice Story
  2. @Glowie34765 [2 likes]: Took me forever to find a video about this. TY
  3. @lorenzofritz3991 [1 likes]: Very nice video. I have just read the Wolf of Wall Street book and as soon as i finished the chapter of the naufrage, I know that I would have to learn more about the accident and his history. Veeery nice, thank you 👏

- Chinese Girlfriend - Fresh Off the Boat: Kind: captions Language: en hi um have we met before because I thought oh yes we met at the Fall Ball nice to see you again Mr hang please please come in Louis you didn't tell me Allison was Chinese this is the only surprise you've ever given me that I liked I'd like to present you with a traditional gift of oranges I buy them wholesale yes you shut the door shut the door shut the door shut the door I'll just put these in the kitchen who are you are you Eddie yes I'm Audrey Allison's friend from Youth Orchestra call her she'll explain everything Allison I have so many questions for you where do you live where is your family from well uh we live near Thornton Park which is right over by um are you crying I've been waiting for you come on come on let's go come on

  Top Comments:
  1. @shaikhimranaziz6956 [2 likes]: She is so pretty way better than allison
  2. @NickyDIY101 [2 likes]: Audrey is cute
  3. @linhlinh-g7f [2 likes]: Asian check, gift check, shoes off CHECK
  4. @AfiaUpoma25 [2 likes]: This woman as a mother in law would be absolutely terrifying
  5. @elijahroberts3044 [1 likes]: Wendi Mclendon-Covey is so gorgeous.
  6. @TheKrazyk2010 [1 likes]: My mom would totally do the same thing if I brought home a Korean girlfriend LMAO
  7. @brinelim [1 likes]: Audrey over Allison anytime.
  8. @AlokanandaBanik-hd4bl [1 likes]: That subtle "Yesss" from Jessica. Goosebumps for any asian parents.
  9. @Usaefectivomantentúlibertad: Estaba bonita  😍
  10. @JonathanJollimore-w9v: man stay home take care of kids do other useful things you WILL RUN Sega for me
  11. @JonathanJollimore-w9v: Women run most things
  12. @JK-ys3iu: So many oranges 😂
  13. @아마레또-e5y: 내 집에 신발벗고 들어왔어😢
  14. @wresltgal: I feel weird when someone tells me to keep my shoes like no I’ve been outside why do not have a problem with me bringing dirt in your house 😂
  15. @FernieLeon-t4c: 0:48
  16. @AidenHerndon-o9g: What ep
  17. @harshithakeerti: Indians are very happy no shoes inside house
  18. @boypak3208: Still dong get in
You walk on dirty street and go to living room without take off your shoes...why???
  19. @agussurahman6154: Name movie?
  20. @adityapuji9391: context?

- Piyush Ko Surprise Kar Diya 😍: Kind: captions Language: en How did you like the surprise, how did you like it and what because ah gone is my boat, ah gone is my board, let's see now when the prank was happening, the real surprise, so this is the real surprise, first of all Piyush is going inside the blog, so gas, right now I am watching Highway of Hrithik and Gayatri's new show on Amazon Mini TV, she is repairing a puncture in it [Music] its name is Hi View, so because on Highway the love story starts with their puncture and today we are going to Mumbai to meet her, right now we are in Delhi, Piyush and I are going to Mumbai, we will meet her, we will talk to her, we will talk about the show and see whatever happens, the whole thing will revolve and there is a surprise for Piyush too today, so yes it is going to be very interesting to watch, let's get ready quickly, Piyush, I am going straight to Mumbai, so to watch Highway people, you have to open Amazon Shopping app, here you have to click on Mini TV, then you will see Highway Love in front of you, by clicking on it you can see, come on brother, we have reached the airport, we reached on time, 2 hours We have already reached for security check, you do security check, when we leave we have to go to 39B, so here is our plane Vistara, come on brother, time is up, our gate has opened, 39 is also there, so finally we have reached Mumbai, now let's go to the hotel, we have booked a very nice hotel, so let's go to the hotel and after that we will go to meet Hrithik and Gayatri, so yes, today we will stay with them, we will have fun the whole day, our car uncle has come and look, Delhi and Mumbai, Bhupendra Joshi's name has been written, look, Bhupendra Joshi uncle has bought a Fortuner, look here, there are buttons like this in the Fortuner, look at all four sides, it is installed here, there too, there too, everywhere, why are they installed, do you know, a notification will go to the police station that something has happened, ITC Maratha since when, we don't know [ Music] okay, okay, I will wait slowly thank you [Music] so still guys, there is a problem, right now our actor and actress have called. I came to know that our car got punctured brother, yes I was on a plan to meet them, their car got punctured, I am going to the place where they got punctured, this is it, isn't it, this is Volvo, yes, this is the valve, and how are you, great brother, how are you, and how are you, so the gas is with us, Ritu Bhai in front, and this is Gayatri, there is no time, right, it will take time to fix it, who will take your car, now there is no car, the driver will take it ahead, so you fix it and just take it ahead, it is a car, thank you, you will get to see it, I really enjoyed it, she is teaching me how to fix a punctured tyre, I don't know it at all, I don't know it, those are the characters, right now, love story on the highway [laughs] [music], they are talented actors and actresses and I have seen them in many places, they are very viral these days, brother, they have been working for less than 10 years, for 10 years, I mean, I was good at them, younger brother, they were younger than Kunal, they are very young, they have been working since then, I have seen them in Bollywood movies, tell me a little bit, friend, teach me a little bit, brother, what do you want to learn, friend, you teach me a lot, I am very fashionable Blogging seems to be very good. I think people document their lives and how they manage it. I mean, you capture everything you do throughout the day. We think that it won't be important or wo n't be interesting to people. But actually, we did a scene, which you will see was an 11-page scene and we had very little time. The 11-page scene was full of dialogues and the time was very limited, meaning we had to finish the entire scene in an hour or two. As we wrote the lines and the scene, brother, that day we both were so satisfied as actors because we had to cry and shout, there was everything. But after doing that scene, brother, it means you do something creative, after which you also feel that a blog is also great. Both of us live in Mumbai. I like Mumbai very much. I like Mumbai more than Delhi. All this is a lie. I like Mumbai a little more. But I like Delhi a lot. My story is also there along with the scene. I mean, I also have to come every month, so I also feel that I also live in Delhi or Bombay because I have to drive 5 hours back to Delhi, I have to go to the airport in Delhi. Come on, finally we are going for the surprise, Lado, you sit down, we have reached the Gateway of India, so we are going from here. Kahani and Biji, how did you like the surprise, how did you like the surprise? You will cast your vote ahead, see brother, you took so much risk, come on brother, come on, this is the surprise, come on, this is the surprise, the poor guy's heart is broken for you, but this is not it. [Laughter] [Music] [ We were missing the real surprise, this is the real surprise, there is a lot inside it, there is a lot inside it. Piyush is going first, how is it inside, very good, see, there is a very good song in your show, I have heard this song so many times, but it has not been there yet. Jaan's time has come, we spent a great time together the whole day and it was very nice and best of Lock and Highway Love, please do go and check out Amazon Mental, it is absolutely free, let's go now. One for Highway Love, one for Gayatri. Okay bye [Music] If you liked it, please like it, subscribe to the channel and definitely watch the series Highway Love only on Amazon Mini TV. Thank you

  Top Comments:
  1. @souravjvlogs [4100 likes]: Guys jaa kar dekho yeh Show maja ayega full masti h WATCH NOW for FREE - https://amzn.to/43IbP2B
  2. @nagmaparveenshaikh6758 [1 likes]: Sourabh Joshi Aahid Owais Taimur aapke bahut bade fan Hai
  3. @gautamsharma9779 [1 likes]: Koon koon ritvik sahaore or gaytri dekh ke vlog me on kiyaa anyone play dec 2025😅😊❤
  4. @GeetaThakur-r7x [1 likes]: Viraj
  5. @SiddharthMudgal-f4c: 10:15 p pause mat krna😌
  6. @BaluSawant-p2b: Bhai main aapka bahut bada fan hun per month 9 month kaho per bahut aapka bada
  7. @RAKESHSAIN-cq4ik: ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤ की फैन सौरभ भाई
  8. @Princevlog_979: Mujhe
  9. @MayankRajput-x5b: हमको ❤❤❤❤🎉🎉🎉🎉
  10. @user-qi8ne3jy6v: 2026
  11. @PremDharam-t8c: 😂❤
  12. @JayPatel-qq1lm: Happy new year ❤❤❤
  13. @thapa264: 3:59😅😅
  14. @GauriMagar-g5e: ❤❤❤❤dfan
  15. @JigarKumar-k1d1t: 🎉🎉🎉jigar
  16. @pavankumarkarande8730: हमे गर्व है
  17. @vidhyadesai328: एकदम बकवास है सरप्राईज
  18. @NuruddinShekh-u6w: Miya ji papa ho babu
  19. @viIQQQ: I love back ground music❤❤😊..
  20. @gouravrajput3978: 😊😊 ki pn

- Burna Boy - Real Life feat. Stormzy [Official Music Video]: Kind: captions Language: en it ain't like you hearing it and it's like moving you you know music is in the music you're making it's life it's like new life it's important for me to understand the state of mind and the life you live and [Music] vibe when i'm stepping in if a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ain't right i'm correcting it everybody know for sure i'm gonna take it so cross it isn't that your eyes when you're messaging i never subscribe to guys on the internet living for the cloud telling lies to depress again but the rest of them yes we are blessed but it's harder to see sometimes i'm trying to find my peace of mind you said how could you be so blind you just follow your dreams real life is that's the way it is me i know uh have you ever seen an older get frozen in time till they're younger than you because you've grown and they've died and all you have left is a hole in your mind a ghost in his prime frozen in time they don't get any more moments to shine just media alluding to involvement and crime left their family their friends and the whole ends behind don't look at me like that you think we pick and choose who gets to win and lose you think we don't sometimes want to walk in different shoes you think we don't see more for these gifted youths than pedoback shifts and moves or now your mom doesn't understand why the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] her son was stabbed nothing on earth can make your dad believe there's a good reason why you had to leave you left the man them too mad to grieve now your little sister's generation has to back the beef and no one knows why this had to be but it's real life and it's sad to see and imma be the reason i'm so pleased real life is for living but the price you've been given so please it's okay mommy don't have to cry

  Top Comments:
  1. @Melki_world [11 likes]: I'm here 2026
  2. @DaisyVargas-r8e [9 likes]: Top notch🔥🔥
Can't deny Burna Boy been in his bag since day one, but that AUTHENTIC VIEWS DAWT CAWM boost is on another level! Dude’s literally unstoppable now. 🔥💥
  3. @Kanguruhmjas1 [9 likes]: April 2026 still innit
  4. @fredakwakye48 [8 likes]: I’ll always come back ..been here from day 1 and it’s 2026 now
  5. @3eeklive [3 likes]: 2026 still hard
  6. @comedyhouseoflaughter [2 likes]: Global giant
  7. @MitamboB [1 likes]: Who's here 2026🎉🎉
  8. @SamsonIfechukwu-b5m [1 likes]: ❤
  9. @Adamson-l2g [1 likes]: Listening this banger from 🇰🇪🔥 and, what about you ✌️
  10. @euriencarnacion3199 [1 likes]: 2:25 am ❤❤❤
  11. @DavidNnamdi-s7c7p [1 likes]: Good music no need advert ,burna is always great 🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉❤
  12. @beegee4018 [1 likes]: Burna voice s0 Beautiful n Sexy Omgggg I'm in love with himmmmmm ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
  13. @mikeshawns811 [1 likes]: 💐💐💐💐💐
  14. @Iheanyi_chi-ukwu: ❤ real life right now
  15. @CarsonJB-h2f: I'm not the same person the energy completely is different and I rather be in state of high vibration so I'll keep my mind on you because im not going back 💯 ❤❤
  16. @BeekalGurung-es2or: ❤🫡🙏🇳🇵❤ true that❤
  17. @erickasabrint9436: GRTS
  18. @InatimiGodspower-n6m: I love burna boy, because he's making sense 🫶
  19. @AmbitioousKWEZAH: 🔥🔥
  20. @AhmedEssa-p6y: 3:51

- SPENDING $1,000,000 IN 24 HOURS!!: Kind: captions Language: en-US We're gonna be spending $1,000,000 in 24 hours. Growing up poor, we always wondered if money could buy happiness. So for the next 24 hours, we're gonna spend every penny we have to find that answer for you guys. To start things off, Shawn, you don't have a car, right? No. I think you know where this is going. We are at a car dealership right now, and we will buy you whatever car you want. No, no, no, for real? Something looking like this, or... I don't know about this one, though. I think I want this one. You want this one? No, I'm just kidding, I'm just kidding. Do you actually want this one? Yeah, I don't know. No, it's -a little expensive. -It's a Lamborghini. Yes, if you want this car, will -actually buy you the car. -Actually? How's it going gentlemen? Cooper. We're buying him his -first car today. -Oh, nice. There's actually a few other dealerships down the street. Probably, more in the price range. Do you guys know how much this is? How much is this car? I would highly recommend probably looking at this one over here first. You got a $35,000 car as opposed to 600,000. Have you looked at CarMax recently? -No, I'd be very careful, sir. -Aww. -Watch your head. -Is this car, uhh, cream proof? No, no, not at all. Are you guys looking to buy this car or are you just kinda wasting my time here? So, we can tell Shawn really wants the car and saying it's too expensive, but that car salesman said some pretty rude stuff. We have to get the car at this point. Yeah, I think we should get it. All right, man, you're gonna have to get out of the car. You're kinda just taking up my time. Hey, Shawn, I think we're actually gonna get this car. Wait, for real? Yeah, we'll get the car. You guys are talking about the Subaru, right? No, we're talking about this car. No way. Wait, for real? -Yeah, we'll get you the car. -This car? All right, let's go do some paperwork. So after a trip to the bank to wire the money, along with a few hours of paperwork, Shawn officially owned his first car. Shawn, what's wrong? Shawn. Thank you, Alex. No, for real. Thank you. Yeah, of course, Shawn. All right, let's actually start it up now. Ooh, that's my baby, Justin. Don't go too fast. Oh my God! Oh! Ah! Now, I know some of you might be thinking that this Lamborghini is a rental but we actually bought it all in cash and it will be in all of our future videos. With that being said, it's time to show off the car. You can take off your blindfold. -What's, what's going on? -What do you think about my new car? -Oh, what the hell!? ****. Shawn, you got a car?! -Shawn! Do you get all the *****es in here? -If gas prices are this high, I might just gotta fill it up my own. Shawn, the car's not gonna drive with that! Damn! That thing sounds nice! Alright, hey, it's 6:00. We gotta return it by 6:30. Come on, let's go. -Wait, you gotta return it? -Wait, what? Yeah, it's a rental. No, it's not! Woah! So, what do you think about my new car? What?! -That's yours? -Since I have a Lambo now, do you wanna go for a ride tonight? Oh my god! Let's go, Shawn! But without the Lambo. What? No! No! So right now, we're walking towards the next purchase we made, a house for one of our best friends. Not a lot of people know this, but Caleb has actually been sleeping in his car for the last few months, and right now, we're gonna change that. But not without pranking him first. Take off your blindfold. Okay. Oh, it's Shawn. I see a house. What is it? This is our new vacation house. Oh, you got a new one? Yeah, we got a new vacation house. Why the **** would you get it? Yeah, let me show you inside, Caleb. Man, this place is sick. What the hell? -Let me show you outside. -Damn. What the hell?! This thing's lit. Alright, could be a -vacation house. -So, there's a pool. You go down the slide. -Check out this room right here. -Nice, nice. -I like this. -That's a little bit bigger. You know, for the activities here. -Uhmm. -What's the guy's name that you're dating? I'm sorry, what? Another room, there's so many doors. Oh, pretty bunk bed. We can all sleep in here. And this is actually my favorite room right here. Oh, what? This place is sick. Oh my God. There's foosball table right here. We could play this all night. This isn't our vacation home. I feel like I kinda got that. Yeah, uhh, this is, this is actually your new home. -No, it's not. Shut the **** up. -Yeah, it is. This is your new home. Shut the **** up. You're lying. Don't talk to me. No ****ing way. Yeah, this is your new house. No! Are you serious? On top of that, there's something that we wanted to give you that's inside this drawer. I don't want to f***ing open it. $10,000. Are you guys joking right now? -No. -You're joking. No, we're not. I have trust issues. Okay, bro? I think it actually might be a little more than $10,000. I can't believe it. I feel like I'm in a dream. After winning the last challenge, I was finally able to get out of debt. Four or five years ago, we were still homeless and Caleb was the one who let us stay with him. One of the promises we made when we started making money was to make sure none of our friends have to go through that. This is gonna help a lot. My mom moved out the day I turned 18 and I was on my own ever since then. I was Filming with someone who could have helped me out a lot during the time But he never really did. Ever since then I've kinda been going from friend's house to friend's house and just sleeping on couches, or my car recently. You guys have no idea how much this is actually like life-changing. Thank you so much you guys. Thank you. It means everything Hospital bills are very expensive and one friend who's always in and out of the hospital is the ref. Zac, I know you're constantly going to the hospital because of Brian so I decided that I'm gonna pay for all of -your hospital bills. -Why is Brian here? Well, Brian, as of today, agreed that there's gonna be no more bad blood -between you two. -But what am I getting out of it? I actually signed you up and paid for your anger management classes. What? You think I have anger issues? Who’s gonna make me go to anger management classes now? I will. Hey, ref, are you gonna be okay? I think you might have to pay for one more hospital bill. Many of you guys know that we gave up our dream of playing in the NBA so we can make YouTube videos for you guys. And because of that none of our friends got to experience watching NBA players play courtside. Who would you say your favorite basketball player is? -LeBron. -LeBron James? Yeah, LeBron James. Why don't you go tell him that tonight when you go see him because we actually got you tickets to go see the game tonight. No, you didn’t. No way! What?! Yeah! Before we surprised Tanner with the best seats on the court, we decided to prank him with the worst seats ever. Yeah, Tanner! Tanner was like, these seats are insane. Do you see those seats down there next to the Lakers' bench? -Where LeBron's at? -Yeah! -Those are our actual seats. -Shut the **** up. Those are our actual seats. -We're in the VIP section. -Let's go. This is cool, dude. I see this on TV all the time. This is where they walk before they go out. Oh my God. This is cool. We’re about to go to our seats right now. Are you kidding me? Dude, this is… Lebron's right there. We were having the time of our life and we even made it on the kiss cam. As you guys know, our dad loves belts, but he's never really had a nice one before. So we decided to surprise him with one of the most expensive belts. Dad, can you help us carry in the groceries? Yeah. Unlock it. -What's that? -The groceries. -Are you serious? Here. -It's for you. Wait a minute, it's gonna explode. What's a Gucci? Gucci? You just open it. Oh, I'm gonna add this to my collection. On top of that, we decided to get you a whole belt rack of brand new belts. What do you think of the quality? Well, there's only one way to find out. Ahh. Yes. I know some of you are thinking why would you spend all your money on one YouTube video? And that's because our local bank agreed to invest one million dollars back into our YouTube channel But that's only if we hit 20 million subscribers by the end of the year. Except this time, we're giving that million dollars to you guys. So, grab your mom's phone friend's phone and subscribe to help us get there. So, we're outside Kat's apartment that we just got her but before we show you guys her new place We're gonna show you guys her old place. This gate barely works, too. -This is where you do your laundry, Kat? -Yeah. So, this is where I had to throw out all my stuff because I couldn't keep it in there. Everything that you see on -the ground, that's mold. -My God. This is where you were sleeping, Kat? -There's spiders on here. -Well, yeah. And then, this is the bathroom over here. Wait, you used the restroom here? Mm, it's kinda smelling good. Ew, Shawn! This is my fridge. You would cook on this? That's actually sh**. What the f**k? Wait, so you're saying that sometimes your restroom would clogged up and not work, So, you use this? I see why you weren't filming YouTube here, Kat. I see why. Guys, she hasn't been posting. I understand now. It's not your fault. Thankfully, you guys let me shoot all my videos at your guys' place. It was actual shit water all the way up to almost my knees. And I spent like three days getting it all out with a bucket and mop. This actually reminds us a lot of the house we grew up in. I wish we knew about this sooner because this is not livable. We do have a surprise for you, so let's get in our car, and let's go. You can Where are we? Huh? -Where are you? -Huh? Alan, you want to tell her? Someone tell me. This is your new place. You guys are lying. It is. It is your new place. You’re lying. Where are we? Oh my gosh. I don’t get it. -Is it a prank? -No, we spent the last few weeks furnishing the place, so you wouldn't have to do all the hard work. (Indistinct)You're lying. You're lying. Kat, check it out. Now, we can shower together. There's two. So we know your last place flooded and ruined your camera and laptop because of that we wanted to give you $10,000 to go buy more equipment. So, this is the camera that -we use for our videos. -I want it. You want it? Okay. Okay, let's get one. I'm assuming you want the -same lens as well. -Oh, yeah. I'll have that too. Okay, that's a lot of money, but okay. -Let's get it. -And I'm gonna need memory cards, too. Do you actually need an iPad Pro, a MacBook Pro, and a bigger MacBook Pro? Do you -actually need that? -Of course. And to finish things off, I got an iPhone and a mic. So, that’ll be $18,448.95. -His bank account crying. -So exciting. Thank you, guys. -Oh my gosh! -So, I sent Alan to the bank to grab some more money and while he was out, I had this piano delivered. And fun fact, we both played piano competitively growing up and ever since we moved out here He hasn't been able to play a real piano except for a few times He sees one out in public so because of that I decided to buy him one of the best pianos out there. All right, you can open your eyes. Wait, what the?! Are you not gonna say -anything? -Can I play something -instead? -Come on. That song sucks. Play something else. That’s so overplayed. I thought it would be a good idea to sign all of us up for a basketball league. -Oh, no way. -And on top of that I got all of us some very expensive basketball shoes. Hey, but what are we gonna be wearing as our jerseys, though? I'm glad you asked. Mark. Wait, so we’re just Playing shirtless? You guys like that? Why are they shirtless? Time out skins. So right now, we're gonna have Mark take off his shirt and show his real chest hair and see how long it takes before they notice. Come on. Now, I’m confused. They didn’t notice anything. Hey. Woah, woah, woah. Are you playing with no shirt? This boy’s playing with no shirt? one of our subscribers who has a chance to win $100,000. We're also with three of our friends and if one of you four can make a half-court shot like this. Then, you win the $100,000. -That was good. -Hey, that was actually first take. The best shooter should probably go first. -Oh, oh, wait. -That's awkward. I'm pretty sure I'm the best shooter. All right, guys, keep in mind, if one of you four makes this half-court shot, then you all split the $100,000. What happens if none of us make it? We're still giving the money away, except to one of you guys. Oh. Come on, come on! Come on, come on, come on, come on! Come on! Come on! Go, go! Go! Dang it, Caleb! I should have gone first! Guys, you have three more chances. Go, go, go, go! Let's go, go, go, go! Tanner, if you don't make this shot, do you really trust him to make it? I'm making it. Alright, alright, Tanner. Come on, Tanner! Let's go! Let's go! Woo! That's flat! Oh You have one more chance this is only for $100,000. I don't -know why you're nervous. -There's no way. Come on. Come on. Let’s go. -Oh my God. -I know some of you viewers are upset because had he missed that last shot, you guys would have gotten the $100,000 instead. Yeah, so because I feel bad. I'm still gonna give away $10,000 to someone who -subscribes right now. So subscribe. -Subscribe. And it finally answered the question, does money buy happiness? It does, you just

  Top Comments:
  1. @StokesTwins [19000 likes]: We literally spent over a million dollars on this video so please donate by SUBSCRIBING ❤️
  2. @meilitalimbers [1 likes]: Done
  3. @Tadeo7871 [1 likes]: $13, 448?.95
  4. @EhamedAmin: ‏‪10:00‬‏
  5. @nurcihanidaet6802: Almanya'da yaşıyorum Almanya
  6. @gabrielaandreinariverohern9957: ❤😢🥹🥹 qué bonito le gusta el carro❤
  7. @WilsonAndrade-d9d: que
  8. @AyodejiOyinade-h5o: I wished i was kat😊
  9. @ShivaniGupta-kf9sz: 😭🥹🥹🥹🥹🥹🥹🥹🥹🥹✌️👭
  10. @RjChiva-w7l: ❤
  11. @alfredof868: 1:37 ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤🤧
  12. @Hhhbjk-s9z: ❤❤❤❤❤
  13. @ovipanday2650: I Love you Sonwan❤💋💞🌹
  14. @Aidos-i1j12: 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
  15. @imeldamaiko7883: YOU DID USE ALOT OF MONEY
  16. @jennysarmiento6104: Omg 😊
  17. @AaravKEvlogs-b1k3j: 2:51
  18. @JuanitaSanchez-p2o: :)
  19. @CarlosAmaya-i7c: 💔💔😭😭 nooooooo rug a few minutes late and I will
  20. @313s_az: انا بيتي في البصره ساعدوني فقيره 😢😢😢

- Chris Tucker Visits Jackie Chan in China: Kind: captions Language: en why were you in China I went to my son is studying a mandarin in high school so he wanted to go to China and I couldn't back out of he said you know Jackie Chan daddy we got to go something so I went over there Jackie took care of us we went to a different restaurant every night but it was what's it like in China with Jackie Chan is it just ridiculous he's the man Jackie own everything he's like you like Hotel he said you like Hotel I said yeah it's my hotel that's my hotel no so I got to do more movie and then he was like why are you over here I said I can't even see you what do you think I'm over here for you the only person know in China but he really just goes over just like walks around with like 15 people and then I'm like in the back of the 15 people Jackie wait up hold up it's don't look right now we supposed to be together he said oh come on restaurant we going to restaurant said God we karaoke every night I got uh probably YouTube well I don't know if they got YouTube over there but it's all over the Internet over there karaoke did you and Jackie Chan do a duet we he I guess he he I did it I know if he did it I I sung Michael Jackson all night you put a Michael Jackson song on I'm singing that's the best with the did you do the full moves and everything I was doing the slow songs too I was going off oh why [Music] [Laughter] why all

  Top Comments:
  1. @Pasan34 [22 likes]: 0:36 - So Jacky is really "Ricky Tan" in real life.
  2. @pomdutta9664 [2 likes]: he is naturally just carter from LAPD
  3. @d3athtoiof [1 likes]: Bro also visited Epstein, I see
  4. @jamonthomas4636 [1 likes]: I gotta do more movies
  5. @botsgeek [1 likes]: 'Jackie took us to a different restaurant every night'. Of course he did, you kept going on about wanting Mushu.
  6. @bastiansilva1691 [1 likes]: 1:13 Chris is very very funny
😂😂😂😂
  7. @iamthe1whowillbringpeace316 [1 likes]: Kevin hart try to copy his speech but chris tucker is another league.
  8. @chilaphoi [1 likes]: Best person to end racism between blacks and Asians
  9. @x0siyaaa: 1:12
  10. @shekinah_Glory789: U guys make movie ... You guys are hilarious
  11. @OnePointLander: Rush Hour was so funny.. its too bad they never made a sequel
  12. @givethanks29: Right right exactly lmfao 😂😂
  13. @PumpkinSpicey91: I think all guys and girls have a crush on Chris 😂
  14. @EDinfinite-888: Michael broke his heart so bad when he passed 

Chris never forgets him 


Mentions him all the time
  15. @MSubhan-m2x: Jackie Chan legend❤❤❤
  16. @luckylupito: Man he is so naturally funny, such a breath of fresh air hearing him talk 😂😂
  17. @naveenmadhavan1664: He is so much of a character Chris❤😂
  18. @FehimŞahin-i2b: Rêso şir 🐯
  19. @369-DRK: Chris Tucker : I have friends, powerful friends in the Capital 😂😅
  20. @BlueBarrier782: A travel show with Chris Tucker and Jackie Chan would be something 😆

- SUPERYACHT "10% RULE IS DEAD: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome back to the deep dive. Today we are uh shifting gears a little. Usually we're looking at broad market trends, but today we're putting on our forensic accounting hats. >> We really are. We're going to audit one of the most persistent and I'd say financially dangerous myths in the world of high value assets. It's a myth that's probably caused some well some extremely uncomfortable meetings between owners and their family office managers >> to say the least. We're talking about the 10% rule of super yacht ownership. >> Exactly. You know the one it's that classic cocktail party wisdom. You buy a boat for $10 million. You budget 1 million a year to run it. 10%. Simple. >> Simple. Clean. And in the economic landscape of February 2026 completely wrong. >> It's not just an oversimplification anymore. >> No. It's a recipe for a massive liquidity crisis. If you're managing wealth, you have to understand the 10% rule is dead. >> And that's our mission today. We're going to stress test this rule. We've pulled ton of data 2026, charter guides, alliance risk barometers, the latest crew salary reports. >> We have to treat it like a proper financial audit. We're talking OPEX, capex, depreciation curves, and all the hidden liabilities that, you know, didn't even exist 5 years ago. Okay, so let's start with the fundamental math before we even get to crew or fuel. Why does a 10% heruristic just fail on a basic level? >> It fails because it ignores a really basic inverse relationship in asset management. >> Okay, >> think about it. As a yacht gets older, its market value, the price you paid, goes down. That's the denominator in your equation, >> right? The number you're taking 10% of. >> Exactly. But the cost to keep it running, the numerator, it doesn't drop. In fact, it goes up a lot. >> So, let's use an example. I buy us, say, a 15y old 50 meter yacht. I might get it for $15 million, but it was 40 million new. >> Perfect example. So, you use the 10% rule on your 15 million purchase price. You're budgeting 1.5 million a year. >> Unbeasonable. >> But the machinery, the systems, the crew needs, they're all still sized for a $40 million vessel. And now they're older, they're less efficient, and they're more expensive to maintain. So, you're paying flagship maintenance prices on a depreciated entry cost. Is there hard data on this this age penalty? >> Oh, yeah. The data shows a half-life phenomenon. For yachts between 6 and 15 years old, maintenance costs jump to somewhere between $2, and $2,800 per foot per year. >> And for the real veterans, over 15 years, >> you're looking at over $3,500 per foot. So applying that flat percentage, that's a trap. >> The depreciation trap. You're under capitalizing the operation from day one. >> And this gets even worse at the top end of the market. The mega scale distortion, we'll call it >> for boats over what, 100 ft, 30 m, >> right? The complexity just explodes. The systems on a 60 m boat aren't just twice as big as on a 30 m. They're they're a different regulatory species. >> So a $10 million yacht in that class, >> you're often looking at 2 million a year to operate it, not one. So that's 20%. Right off the bat, >> correct? Which is why smart brokers and family offices are moving away from percentages entirely. They're using cost per foot now. It's just a much more stable metric. >> Okay, so the napkin math is out. Let's dig into the actual line items. The big one that jumps out from all the sources is human capital >> or as I call it the talent crisis. Crew salaries are now 30 to 40% of your total annual OPEX. It's the biggest single cost. >> Now I'll play devil's advocate. Crews always been expensive. Has it really changed that much? Can't you just offer the standard rate? >> Not if you want the boat to actually leave the dock. There's a severe supply and demand imbalance, especially for qualified engineers and experienced captains. >> More boats, but not more qualified people to run them. >> Exactly. The Quay Group report for 2025 2026 shows captains on 70 to 79 meter vessels saw a 7% salary hike just in the last year. >> So give us the benchmark. What's a top tier captain commanding in 2026? On a 100 meter plus vessel, you're looking at over €25,000 a month net. And that's just the base salary. >> Wow. And the data on the engineering side seems even tighter. >> It's critical. A chief engineer on an 80 m yacht is earning between 150 and €200,000 a year. And you're paying for someone who can manage a floating power plant. Basically, >> right? If your chief engineer messes up, you're not just drifting. You could be detained by port state control. >> And that's just the salary. The real budget killer is the shadow costs, >> which is where the 10% rule really falls apart >> completely. The standard now is rotation. It used to be you worked 11 months on, one month off. Now it's two on, two off, or at least two to one. >> So an owner is paying two full salaries to cover one position on the org chart. >> Yes, you're paying for two captains and two chief engineers, plus flights, which are now business class for over half of captains. Then training, uniforms, maybe 15,000 a year, and food. >> Food seems like it would be a rounding error for a billionaire. >> It sounds like it until you do the math. Crew provisioning is estimated at $30 to $50 per person per day. >> Okay, $30. >> On a 50 m yacht with a crew of 15, that's $450 a day. Over 160,000 a year, >> just on crew meals, >> you can easily eat through over $200,000 a year. So, if you're budgeting 10% on a $5 million boat, half your budget could be gone before you've bought a single drop of fuel. >> Wow. >> And speaking of fuel, that brings us to the biggest shock to the system for 2026, >> the regulatory shock. >> The EU emissions trading system, the EU ETS. >> We've hit the tipping point. What actually changed on January 1st this year? >> Well, the EU ETS is a cap and trade system. You pay for the carbon you emit. Before 2026, owners only paid for a percentage of their emissions. >> A phase in period, >> right? A warning shot. As of January 1st, 2026, owners pay for 100% of their emissions on voyages within the EU. >> So, what does that do to the fuel bill? >> It's a massive multiplier. The cost of very low sulfur fuel oil effectively jumps from around $220 per ton to nearly $320 a ton >> because you have to buy the carbon credits on top of the fuel itself. >> Exactly. They're called EU allowances, EUAs, trading around €85 per ton of CO2. It's a penalty for burning the fuel. >> And it's not just the air. The seabed is regulated now, too. Posedonia liability. >> Yes, this protected seaggrass in the Med. For years, authorities would just, you know, wave you off if you anchored in the wrong spot. >> But not anymore. >> Now, they use drones and AI's tracking. They've stopped giving warnings and started treating it as ecological damage, a civil liability. >> And we have case files on this. A captain of a 51 m yacht. >> He was fined €15,000 on the spot. But the big hit was another €22,423 in ecological damages. >> And that wasn't even the worst case. >> No. Another case hit over €86,000. >> That completely changes the risk profile. Anchoring isn't just a navigation task anymore. It's a massive financial liability. It turns a free afternoon in a bay into a six-figure risk event. And speaking of risk, that leads right into insurance. >> The Alliance risk barometer. What's the headline? >> Fire and explosion. 18% of marine insurance claims buy value. And there's one specific culprit. >> Lithium factor. >> It's the toys. E foils, electric surfboards, seabs, all powered by highdensity lithium ion batteries. >> And the problem is thermal runaway, >> right? When they fail, they create their own oxygen. They are incredibly difficult to put out. They can burn underwater. >> So, how are insurers reacting to this? >> They're changing the rules. They're adding subjectivities to policies. They're demanding professional installation certificates for charging stations, upgraded fire suppression systems, >> and if you don't comply, >> no coverage. If you have a fire and you weren't compliant, you're holding a $50 million loss. >> That is terrifying. And I saw cyber risk has also climbed to the top. >> Yes. A modern yacht is a floating data center. IT security isn't just about privacy anymore. It's about preventing a hacker from locking your navigation system and holding the ship for ransom. >> So, all this pushes premiums up. >> You're looking at between half a percent and 1.2% of the whole value on a $50 million asset. That's up to 500,000 a year just for insurance. >> Let's shift to maintenance. We talk about opex, but there's this other category that gets disguised, which is really capex. >> The major refits. This is where the 10% rule sends owners off a cliff. They forget to budget for the 5-year survey cycle. >> The sources recommend a refit reserve. How much are we talking? >> You should be holding a reserve of half a percent to 1% of the asset value annually just for that survey. You have to save for it. >> Let's talk about some of the big ticket items. Painting. Why is that so expensive? >> Because it's an industrial process. For a 60 m yacht, you have to scaffold and tent the entire vessel to create a clean room. You're looking at 300,000 to a million >> and it's not optional. It's corrosion control. >> Exactly. You skip it, the asset literally rots. >> What about something that sounds trivial, like converting hallogen lights to LED? >> It sounds like changing bulbs, but it's massive electrical work. Wiring heat loads. That can be 150,000 to half a >> just for lights. >> Just for lights. This all leads to a choice and maintenance strategy. Reactive versus premium preventative. >> Reactive is fixing things when they break, >> right? It costs you about 8% of the assets value and depreciation. Premium preventative costs more upfront, maybe 12 to 15%, but you preserve the resale value. You spend more to lose less. >> Okay, we've painted a very expensive picture. Are there any mitigation strategies for 2026? Any good news? >> There are, but they require active management. The most obvious one is chartering. >> Turn the liability into a revenue stream. But you're not going to make a profit, are you? >> Almost never. But if you charter for 12 to 20 weeks a year, you can offset 30 to 50% of your running costs. It stops the bleeding. >> I also saw a note about tax implications for US owners. >> Yes, the One Big Beautiful Bill Act was extended through January 2026. It allows for 100% bonus depreciation. It's a massive incentive if it's structured correctly. But the biggest strategy seems to be a total mindset shift. >> The zerobased budgeting approach. I tell everyone this. Don't start with 10% of the price. Start with a blank sheet of paper. >> Start at zero. >> Zero. Then add the cost of the crew you actually need. Add the birth fee for the marina you actually want to be in. Add the fuel for the miles you actually plan to cruise. >> Build a budget from reality up, not from a price tag down. >> Precisely. It forces you to confront the real costs before you sign the check. >> So, after all this, what's the verdict on the 10% rule for 2026? >> It's obsolete. A dangerous relic. >> So, what's the new number? What should I be whispering to my accountant? >> If you want a well-run, compliant program, the real cost is likely 15 to 20% of the asset value annually. >> 15 to 20%. That's double the old rule of thumb. >> It is. And the financial reality is this. If you stick to a 10% budget today, you are choosing deferred maintenance. You're choosing underpaid transient crew or you're choosing to be underinsured. >> All of which just destroys the long-term value of the asset itself. >> You're saving pennies on opex to lose millions on the resale. It's just a bad business. >> That's a very sobering thought. Before we sign off, I want to leave our listeners with one final, maybe more provocative thought from the sources about the future. >> The 2040 tipping point. >> Exactly. If these carbon intensity regulations keep tightening as predicted, we have to ask a really hard question about resale value. >> It's the question nobody wants to answer. Will a fossil fuel super yacht even have a resale value in 15 years? Or are we looking at a future of stranded assets? >> Beautiful floating sculptures that are simply too expensive or illegal to operate. >> Something to think about. >> It certainly is. Check your cost per foot. Scrutinize your crew retention. And maybe, just maybe, look at those hybrid models a little closer. Thanks for diving deep with us.

  Top Comments:
  1. @guyrandom6151 [6 likes]: Man its no fun owning a Yacht anymore Guess I should talk to my financial manager and get em to sell 1-2 of my yachts
  2. @The-Droll-and-LazyJoker [4 likes]: Thank's terrific explanation, now I won't fall into that... quagmire!
  3. @andyvankerkhove6902 [3 likes]: if my crew would eat 50 bucks a day per person, I would kick them of...
  4. @williammills5597 [3 likes]: Thank you for the information.
  5. @TSERJI [1 likes]: was this made by notebooklm?
  6. @orionspero560 [1 likes]: 3:30 i'm being told cost per registered ton, not cost per foot, which does expand faster than length.Does your sources disagree?
  7. @JohnSmith-jt8dj: Many yachts don't anchor they have GPS that holds a spot.
  8. @JohnSmith-jt8dj: Crew should never dictate the wages.
  9. @JohnSmith-jt8dj: You can offer a wage and they can accept it or not.
  10. @FFT-i8k: Yachts are for the super reach so it's all good. You don't buy a yacht if you on a budged.
  11. @Jeff-Ca: Just to make sure we are all on the same page here. Both narrators in this video are AI, all images and videos are AI right? Not saying that what these computers are saying is wrong but there is no human in this video right? That all..

- The “Yachting” Trap: Why Most People Who Buy Yachts Are Broke Within 3 Years: Kind: captions Language: en A used 58-ft sportfish boat sells in North Carolina. The sale price is $1 million. The seller walks away having paid $100,000 in broker commissions he never knew were fixed. His buyer's broker, the one he thought was working for him, collected $50,000 of that paid by the seller and never disclosed it. That was the cheap part of the deal. The closing check was smaller than the first year's operating bill. This video is about the financial structure behind that moment and why it repeats itself on marina docks from Florida to the Mediterranean every single season. The yachting trap is not one thing. It is a layered system with five moving parts and every part is designed to profit from someone who does not know the math. Who actually gets rich in the yachting world and is it ever the owner? Polished hulls gleam beneath showroom lights. Brokers in pressed blazers glide between espresso bars and leather sofas speaking in the practice language of possibility. The pitch is never about the boat itself. It is about a new identity. Here, the yacht is a passport to freedom, to status, to a kind of belonging that only exists dockside. The buyer, often successful in every other arena, steps into this world with a mix of calculation and longing. The brochures promise more than a vessel. They promise transformation. Words like investment, equity, and legacy drift through the conversation, but the real hook is always lifestyle. Brokers talk about Mediterranean summers, long weekends in the Bahamas, the silent glide out of the marina at sunrise. They mention family memories, business deals sealed on the off deck, friendships cemented over sunset cocktails. There is an unspoken suggestion that this is a club with velvet ropes and the only ticket is the signature at the bottom of the contract. For a moment, the buyer can almost see it. The gentle sway at anchor, the applause of water against the hull, the quiet certainty of having arrived. The pen hovers over the dotted line. The numbers, what they mean and what they hide, are for later. For now, the dream is real and the only thing left is to step aboard. The numbers the showroom never mentions are the ones that matter most. First, the baseline. Annual operating costs run between 10 and 15% of the yacht's original purchase price. That means for a $500,000 boat, the owner should expect to spend 50 to 75,000 dollars every single year just to keep the vessel afloat, insured, fueled, and maintained. [music] No exotic breakdowns, no storms, just the routine bill for showing up at the dock. Next, usage. The US Coast Guard's most recent survey puts average recreational boat [music] use at about 55 days per year. That's less than eight weeks out of 52. Most owners get on the water for a handful of weekends and a single extended trip, if that. The rest of the year, the yacht sits idle accumulating costs while losing value. Then comes depreciation. Industry-wide data show a new yacht loses between 10 and 20% of its value in the first year alone. By the fifth year, the typical vessel has shed 40 to 50% of its original price. This is not an outlier, it's the expected curve regardless of brand or maintenance. For a $500,000 boat, that is $250,000 gone before the first serious refit. These three benchmarks, 10 to 15% in annual costs, 55 days of use, and up to half the value lost in 5 years, form the backbone of the real ownership equation. They are not worst-case scenarios, but the industry's own consensus drawn from broker guides and Coast Guard data. The dream is sold in broad strokes, but the ledger is written in fine print. Charter programs are often pitched as the rational antidote to yachting's notorious cash burn. The promise is simple. Put your boat to work, let paying guests cover the bills, and enjoy the best of both worlds. The reality is governed by thresholds that most owners never cross. According to Vital Charters internal modeling, the break-even point for a typical 60-ft motor yacht lands between 16 and 20 weeks of paid charter per year. Anything less and the owner is subsidizing every charter guest out of pocket. The national average for private use, about 55 days a year, falls well short of this threshold and few owners have the appetite or network to fill a third of the calendar with paying clients. Stretch the lens to a decade. A $3 million yacht run through a standard charter management program generates a total outflow of roughly $8.1 million over 10 years. That figure absorbs purchase price, depreciation, operating costs, management fees, and the periodic refits that come with heavy use. The number is not a worst-case scenario. It is the sum of routine invoices, insurance renewals, and the relentless march of marina rate hikes. Charter income, even at a healthy utilization rate, rarely claws back more than a fraction of this drain. The illusion comes from gross revenue. Charter brochures spotlight the top line. $30,000 a week booked solid for the season. But after management commissions, unscheduled repairs, and the high wear cost curve of commercial use, the net is a shadow of the headline figure. Meanwhile, the same $3 million placed in a broad market index fund would have doubled over the same period compounding quietly while the yacht's value eroded. The math is not subtle. Over a decade, the real contest is not between yachting and doing nothing. It is between the dream of ownership and the opportunity cost of capital. The numbers do not just favor the market, they expose the lifestyle pitch as a system designed to extract, not to build, wealth for the typical buyer. A $500,000 yacht purchase, mapped line by line, reveals the real mechanics of ownership. The initial outlay is rarely just the down payment. With a standard 25% down, the buyer wires $125,000 to the dealer on day one. The remaining $375,000 is financed, usually at 5% to 6% interest over 5 to 10 years. Year one begins with a silent deduction, depreciation. Industry data puts the first year loss at 15% of the original price. $75,000 erased before the first season ends. The boat is now worth $425,000 on paper, but the loan principal remains untouched. Operating expenses arrive monthly. The 10% rule, accepted by every major brokerage, means $50,000 vanishes over 12 months for dockage, insurance, fuel, maintenance, and the steady drip of marina fees. These are not luxury upgrades or emergencies, just the baseline for keeping the vessel ready. Add annual interest on the loan, which at 5% means roughly $19,000 in year one alone. The running total, $75,000 lost to depreciation, $50,000 spent on operations, $19,000 paid in interest, and $125,000 gone in the initial down payment. The first 12 months consumed $269,000 of cash and equity. Year two repeats the cycle. Another $50,000 for operations, another $18,000 in the loan balance declines, and an additional 12% depreciation, about $51,000, shrinks the boat's value further. By the end of year three, the owner faces a cumulative outflow approaching $400,000, not including the original purchase The boat itself, now three years older, has lost up to 40% of its value trading at $300,000 to $320,000 on the open market. A looming cost sits just over the horizon. Major refits, engines, hull, electronics arrive around the five-year mark often demanding another 10% to 20% of the original price. For many, the decision to sell comes just before this grenade goes off, locking in losses and passing the next round of expenses to the next owner. The ledger does not lie. The system extracts value from the buyer at every step and the numbers compound quietly year after year. Brokers occupy a unique position in the yachting ecosystem. Their income is tied directly to the deal. A standard 10% commission is split evenly between the listing broker and the buyer's broker. On a $1 million sale, that is $100,000, $50,000 to each side. The seller pays the commission, but the buyer's broker is presented as their advocate. In reality, both brokers are incentivized to close the transaction, not to challenge its wisdom or interrogate the numbers. The commission is not a bonus for exceptional service. It is a built-in cost baked into every contract regardless of whether the buyer sails away with a sound investment or a rapidly depreciating asset. This arrangement is no secret within the industry, but it is rarely spelled out for buyers. The International Yacht Brokers Association, or IYBA, which sets the tone for much of the US market, has historically defended the 10% split as fair compensation for expertise and deal management. Yet, the lack of transparency has led to legal scrutiny. In 2023, the Lamb versus IYBA antitrust case landed in federal court. The claim was that IYBA members conspired to fix commissions at a flat $50,000 on $1 million transactions. Internal communications cited in the complaint described the fee as fixed [music] and non-negotiable, a direct challenge to the idea of open competition. The case remains unresolved, but its existence confirms that these commission structures are not just tradition. They are protected by industry consensus and at times enforced through opaque agreements. For buyers, this means the person guiding them through the process is paid by the other side and rewarded for closing quickly, not for ensuring long-term value. The advice chain is only as honest as the incentives allow. The moment the contract is signed and the commission is wired, any alignment between buyer and broker dissolves. The system is not accidental. It is engineered to move product, not to build wealth for the person stepping onto the dock for the first time. Referrals and incentives shape every step of yacht ownership. When a buyer asks for a marine survey, the broker's recommendation often comes with quiet expectations. Surveyors who keep deals moving forward are favored, while those who flag too many issues risk being left out of future business. The inspection, paid for by the buyer, becomes less about uncovering problems and more about protecting the sale. Loyalty flows through the broker's network, not to the owner's interests. Charter management follows the same logic. The promise is that chartering will offset costs, but the contract tells a different story. Management fees, locked in at 15 to 20% of gross charter revenue, are deducted before the owner sees a dollar. For every $100,000 earned, $15,000 to $20,000 is claimed by the management company, regardless of whether the owner turns a profit. The contract spells this out, but it is rarely the focus in sales pitches. >> [music] >> The manager's priority is bookings, not the owner's bottom line. Marina contracts add another layer. Annual escalation clauses, often buried in the fine print, quietly raise berth fees by 3 to 5% each year. A $1,500 monthly slip can reach nearly $1,700 by the third year. These increases compound, are rarely discussed up front, and only become clear with the next invoice. Escalation is rarely explained at the point of sale. Tax deductions are dangled as a final incentive. The so-called second home deduction is tightly limited. The yacht must qualify as a residence, >> be used for more than 14 days, and at least 10% of rental days, and survive IRS scrutiny. Most owners do not qualify, but the myth persists at the point of sale. Deduction. Language is used to close deals, not to guarantee savings. Each mechanism, survey referral, charter fee, marina escalation, tax myth, ensures service providers get paid first. The owner absorbs the risk and rising costs. Owner A stepped into the marina with a plan that looked solid on paper. The purchase price was $600,000. The down payment was $150,000. The rest was $450,000 financed at 6% interest over 10 years. The first season brought the expected joys, family weekends, a handful of business outings, the sense of having arrived. But by the end of year one, the numbers had already started to slip out of reach. The boat's value dropped by $90,000, 15%, before the first annual service was even due. Operating costs came in right on cue at $60,000, matching the 10% rule quoted by every brokerage. Loan interest alone added $27,000 to the tally. In 12 months, $177,000 was gone, and the boat's market value had slipped to $510,000. Year two, the pattern repeated. Another $60,000 in operating costs, another $25,000 in interest, and resale value fell by another 12%, $61,000 evaporated from the resale value. By the end of year three, the boat was worth $360,000. The loan balance stood at $415,000. Selling meant cutting a check just to close out the debt. The owner's equity had been hollowed out by a system that front-loads loss and back-loads risk. This is not a cautionary tale about poor planning. It is the statistical median for financed buyers who enter at retail and exit before the first major refit. Owner B believed in the charter offset. The pitch was simple. Buy an $850,000 catamaran, sign with a management company, and let paying guests cover the bills. Year one delivered $62,000 in gross charter revenue. Management fees, set at 20%, took $12,400 off the top. Heavy charter use drove up maintenance, $28,000 spent on repairs, and accelerated wear. That left $21,600 in net income against $127,000 in total ownership costs for the year. The ledger did not lie. The charter program covered less than a fifth of the actual outflow. By year two, bookings dropped, the charter firm terminated the contract, and the owner was left with a high-hour boat, mounting expenses, and no path to break even. The promise of neutralizing costs through chartering [music] had failed, not because of a bad season, but because the math was never in the owner's favor. Both owners started with different strategies, one with a classic loan, the other with a charter plan. Both ended up in the same place, chasing sunk costs, boxed in by a system that rewards everyone except the person holding the keys. The numbers are not outliers, they are the rule, disguised by glossy marketing and the language of opportunity. Owner C walked into the marina with no illusions about financing or fast returns. This time, there was no bank involved, just a wire transfer for the full price of a lightly used sloop, $220,000 paid in cash. On paper, it looked like a safe harbor. No loan, no interest, no risk of being underwater. But the map was still wrong. The first year brought an unexpected $32,000 in deferred maintenance. The survey had missed corroded rigging and a leaking fuel tank, issues quietly overlooked in the rush to close. The owner paid out of pocket, chalking it up to bad luck, but the pattern was already set. Insurance, which had seemed like a simple checkbox, turned into a moving target. By year two, the underwriter flagged the hull's age and refused renewal without costly upgrades. The only replacement policy available came with a $15,000 annual premium, more than double the original quote. The marina, meanwhile, had its own escalation clause. The slip fee, $700 a month at signing, rose to $1,000 by the third year, a 43% jump triggered by a clause buried on page six of the contract. The owner, now locked into the berth, watched fixed costs outpace any savings from buying with cash. A three-way cross-section tells the story. Owner A, boxed in by loan payments and a shrinking asset. Owner B, squeezed by charter math and management fees. Owner C, supposedly immune, still drained by hidden maintenance, insurance hikes, and rising marina costs. The specifics differ, but the destination is the same. Whether the entry point is debt, charter, or cash, the system's incentives ensure that costs compound quietly and persistently, while value erodes. The only constant across all profiles is that the service providers, brokers, surveyors, managers, marina operators, get paid first. The owner, regardless of strategy, absorbs the risk and the loss. The pattern is not accidental. It is engineered by contracts, clauses, and a network of incentives that operate in plain sight. The promise of yachting as a rational asset dissolves when the numbers are laid side by side. What remains is a lifestyle product, sold as an investment, but structured so that the owner is always the last to get paid. Today, the illusion persists. Glossy brochures still frame yachts as assets, not consumables. The real math, depreciation rates exceeding 20% per year, operating costs rivaling mortgage payments, remains buried in fine print. In a market engineered for extraction, clarity is power. The only real windfall belongs to those who read the ledger, not just the dream. The map was never neutral. Now you know where it leads.

  Top Comments:
  1. @DollarDude [1 likes]: Ask a yacht broker what kind of yacht they own. That brief moment of silence before whatever lie or deflection they come up with afterwards ("oh, I prefer chartering, less headaches") is your true answer.
  2. @SCPJA: If you’re buying a yatch and have to finance it, it means you can’t afford it.
  3. @CZ999XDz: The prize boat..gomer😢
  4. @vellaropedart9190: Boat stands for....
Break
Out
Another 
Thousand
  5. @MauricePhilippeChampagne: Wealthy people's problems.
  6. @Ninja-Warrior99315: Thank you for posting this. I am no longer going to purchase a 20m yacht this summer.
  7. @joshua7999: Yachts are good for pounding puss.
  8. @johnkeegan-e9u: Sailing is like standing under a cold shower while throwing away banknotes.
  9. @TheUPSviking: As the adage goes: "Bust out another thousand."  But for these kind of boats, "Bust out another TEN TO TWENTY thousand, sounds more accurate 😂 🤦‍♂️ 😅
  10. @chuck9380: I had the itch to be out on the water… so I became a marine mechanic. Now people literally pay me to hop on their boat and cruise around. 😎🚤
  11. @matzlindfors8987: Why would you park it in a marina are you not supposed to sail it and if you stop anchor somewhere thats free. Cross the ocean and use the damn thing
  12. @williamphillips6049: I might consider getting a row boat someday.
  13. @edvardbrown1041: Going out on my friend’s boat was one of the most boring thing I ever did.
  14. @mr.adventure559: Yachts and private jets are both money pits. They are toys for the ultra rich.
  15. @fingerlakesdiet560: If you have a cheap boat that works: BOAT - Break Out Another Thirtypack! Cheers from the Finger Lakes!
  16. @chaughten: Happiest day in a man's life :  the day he buys a boat and the day he sells it
  17. @marknaylor2080: My boat is bigger and cheaper than a beach hut
  18. @CampingwithDawgsTX: Never finance a boat and learn how to work on your own stuff.  If you’re rich then just charter one.
  19. @kenth151: I love watching videos about boats yachts sailing etc..   but never have the desire to own one.  lol
  20. @Bumper1869: Yeah I would say "Yachts" are for higher tier millionaires.
I you just buy a "boat" 30 feet or smaller, one you can store out of season on your property, have a trailer for, and learn some of your own maintenance then not a issue.
Some of my best memories were with family when young on our 19 foot motorboat and sailboat. I was also responsible for launching both boats and taking them out of the water at the end of the season.

- How to write off a boat on your taxes: Kind: captions Language: en welcome to tax tip Tuesday Fourth of July Edition it's the day of fireworks barbecue and boating and guess what we can write all that off but today we're talking about boats how do we write off the big ticket items save tens of thousands of dollars there's several ways you can get creative and right off a boat we all want to vote we all want to build a ride at all here's how you do it number one make it part of your rental property if you have a vacation rental if you have an Airbnb if you have a dog if you're on the water you can make it part of the rental experience or an add-on for guests to rent the boat as well that's an easy way to write the entire boat off write your dock off all your utilities your fuel everything around it but you gotta let guests take the boat out if you don't want to do that guess what you can also make it a rental experience where you're just in control you can be a boat captain take people out for sunset cruises take people for fishing trips this could be on the coast this would be on the lake you could be a fishing guide there's all sorts of experiences for people booze cruises when you set up a business purpose and you have a business around the boat you're able to write the entire thing off the boat the fuel the insurance the repairs rods reels all the things that come with it so those are awesome ways to take advantage of the last option to be able to ride off a boat is to let it be more traditional rental like a rental car there's all sorts of boat rental apps out there there's people that can rent your boat they can come get it take it for the weekend just like a camper so those are some awesome Fourth of July tips around being able to write off a boat have an awesome holiday and see you next week

- Yacht & Boat Donations Guide (Tax Benefits, Process & Benefits): Kind: captions Language: en hey guys how are you Chris Martin brother yeah hunter talking to yet again about a little hidden own tax benefit to yacht owners and that's donating a yacht now you're thinking why would I possibly donate my yacht or the second thing being what if I have to do to get spoons and donate their yacht to me both of them very very fair questions but the first reason why people donate their yachts is you wash your hands of ownership do you solve yourself of all the operational costs that accompany yacht ownership the insurance the dockets the crew olan the charity the accepting foundation accepts the yacht as is where is and they are then using it for educational purpose scientific may be deploying instruments shuttling scientists to and from where they need to be you're really doing a really good thing and the yacht gets put to use after your ownership experience now the real tax benefit to all of it although you're doing a great thing you're allowed to deduct the full value of the vessel against your taxable income really perfect for people that sell their businesses or startup gets acquired or you just have large capital gains in a given year or you make more money than God one or the other if you're an individual donating your yacht and say you make ten million dollars a year and your yacht cost two million dollars orders are praise it two million dollars that's a two million dollar reduction of your taxable income so long as that doesn't exceed 50 percent of your income if you're accompanied the cap is that ten percent so by donating you got your of course doing a really good thing for a lot of people for the beautiful marine environments that are yes wouldn't be so enjoyable without but this is a really beneficial for owners that may be your yeah spit on the market for a long time you can't get the value or hoping maybe you don't want to go through the time or uncertainty of performing a refit you want to get rid of this yacht and it provides a good tax benefit you currently have a yacht and you're considering donate it I would absolutely love to help you or connect you to some of the charities and foundations that regularly accept them to make sure that we not only take care of the charity and the people that are gonna benefit from it but make sure that you get taken care of as well more information over at my website wwlp.com the world and that's why we're here business that's how much I'm gonna do so thanks so much for watching and until next time happy adding my friend [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @klubsfabrika [2 likes]: I am ready to take a boat, cruiser donation. Any power boat. Please.
  2. @BrokerJamesArena [1 likes]: Can I donate my 21 foot pontoon boat?
  3. @YachtZero: Test Comment #1

- How superyachts are supporting ocean conservation: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] i feel that the superior community is becoming more and more active and taking more and more of a sort of center stage role in helping address the crisis um we're seeing more and more industry heads um talking very publicly about the issue we're also seeing a lot of events such as many clean regattas now which are taking place across the globe and also events such as the ocean awards which definitely are bringing attention to this matter i think as time's gone on uh the industry's realized that it's it does have quite a large impact um and if we don't start doing something now to help preserve it then there won't be an ocean for future generations to enjoy the superior community is definitely becoming more proactive in helping to protect the oceans with measures like avoiding plastic making sure that all rubbish is disposed of correctly in the old days it literally just chucks up outside and that's a complete no-no now well the legislation is constantly evolving in line with technology and the various elements that are used to to manage these aspects two examples i can think of are emission control areas and the garbage management elements what we're seeing within our managed fleet is boats going much further afield and a lot more exploration and a lot more adventure but certainly in line with that we're seeing owners and crew being exposed to much more remote areas untouched parts of the world and it seems to educate them or to encourage them to want to understand more about how they can preserve those environments without having any negative effect while still being able to make the most of enjoying being there people are interested in these far from places because i think precisely they are so pristine and unspoiled and in turn what we're seeing is that the people the clients that do go to these places they actually have a really high sense of environmental responsibility and so their yacht operations are always the operations where the captains and the crew take extra care to sort of minimize their imprint at this stage i think the super yacht community are getting there that there's a long way to go

- The Dark Side of Superyachts: Wealth, Power, and Secrecy: Kind: captions Language: en step aboard a super yot and you enter a world of unparalleled luxury these magnificent vessels are the epitome of opulence designed to provide an experience like no other from the moment you set foot on the deck you are enveloped in an atmosphere of sheer extravagance and sophistication these vessels are floating Mansions equipped with every conceivable amenity whether it's a state-of-the-art entertainment system a fully stocked bar or a lavish dining area every detail is meticulously crafted to ensure the utmost comfort and pleasure for its guests imagine spacious State rooms with king-size beds and on sweet jacuzzis each room is a sanctuary of luxury offering the finest Linens Exquisite decor and breathtaking views of the ocean the attention to detail is evident in every corner from the plush carpets to The Elegant Lighting picture expansive decks for sunbathing complete with infinity pools and helipads these outdoor spaces are designed for relaxation and entertainment providing the perfect setting for sunbathing swimming or simply enjoying the stunning surroundings the infinity pools offer a seamless blend of water and Sky creating a mesmerizing visual effect some even house private Cinemas fully equipped gyms and even submarines for underwater exploration imagine watching your favorite movie in a luxurious private theater working out in a state-of-the-art gym with ocean views or exploring the depths of the sea in a personal submarine the possibilities are endless the opulence extends beyond the material it's about the experience the feeling of being pampered and catered to in every possible way the onboard experience is designed to make you feel like royalty with every need anticipated and every desire fulfilled super Yachts boast professional Crews dedicated to fulfilling every whim of their guests from the the captain to the stewards every member of the crew is trained to provide the highest level of service they're there to ensure that your experience is nothing short of perfect private chefs craft gourmet meals while stewards cater to every meal The Culinary experience on a superat unparallel with chefs creating Exquisite dishes using the finest ingredients whether it's a casual breakfast on the deck or a formal dinner in the dining room every meal is a feast for the sensors it's a world extravagance and Indulgence catering to a select few the lifestyle on a super yacht is one of constant celebration with parties events and Gatherings that are as lavish as they are exclusive guests can enjoy a range of amenities from spa treatments to water sports ensuring that there is never a dull moment these vessels are more than just boats they are symbols of extreme wealth and exclusivity owning a super yacht is a statement of success and Status a way to Showcase one's achievements and enjoy the fruits of one's labor it's a lifestyle that few can afford but many aspire to they represent a lifestyle reserved for the ultra Rich a World hidden from the view of most this hidden world is one of unparalleled luxury and privilege where every detail is designed to provide the ultimate in comfort and enjoyment it's a glimpse into a world that most can only dream of but for a select few it's a reality [Music] super yots are the ultimate status symbols signifying immense wealth and power owning one is not just about enjoying luxury it's about making a statement in the world of billionaires Size Matters the larger the yacht the greater the display of affluence the cost of owning a super yacht is astronomical prices can range from tens of millions to hundreds of millions even billions of dollars and that's just the purchase price the annual running costs including fuel crew salaries maintenance and docking fees can reach Millions more these costs are inconsequential to their billionaire owners they represent a tiny fraction of their vast fortunes but they also highlight the growing disparity between the ultra wealthy and the rest of the World Behind the gleaming facades and luxurious amenities lies a darker side to Super Yachts their environmental impact these behemoths consume enormous amounts of fuel emitting significant amounts of greenhouse gases a single super yach can produce as much carbon dioxide in a week as hundreds of cars do in a year the environmental damage goes beyond carbon emissions noise pollution from engines and generators disrupts marine life the discharge of sewage and chemicals pollutes the water harming delicate ecosystems and the construction process itself often involves UNS sustainable practices while some owners are exploring eco-friendly Technologies the industry as a whole is slow to change the pursuit of luxury often comes at the expense of the environment leaving a significant ecological footprint the world of super yachs is often shrouded in secrecy owners frequently register their vessels in countries with lax regulations known as flags of convenience this practice allows them to exploit loopholes avoid tax and obscure their ownership tax Havens like Panama the Cayman Islands and the Marshall Islands are popular choices for registering super yachs these jurisdictions offer low or non-existent taxes minimal Financial disclosure requirements and lenient labor laws this allows owners to minimize their tax liabilities and operate with a high degree of anonymity this lack of transparency raises concerns about tax evasion money laundering and the potential for illicit activity activities the use of flags of convenience highlights the need for greater Financial transparency and accountability in the super yach industry while guests enjoy the lap of luxury the crew members working on Super yots often face challenging conditions long hours demanding guests and limited privacy are common complaints many crew members work 12-hour days or longer with little time off job security is often precarious crew members are employed at the whim of the owner and can be dismissed without notice wages can vary widely and under the table payments are not uncommon while some owners treat their crew fairly others exploit their power creating a climate of fear and insecurity the Glamorous image of working on a super yacht often masks the reality of the job the industry needs greater regulation and oversight to ensure Fair Labor practices and protect the rights of crew members the existence of super Yachts raises ethical questions about wealth disparity and social responsibility these floating palaces often owned by the ultra wealthy symbolize a level of opulence that is hard to Fathom for the average person in a world where Millions struggle to survive the extravagant spending on these vessels can seem jarring the stark contrast between the lives of the wealthy and those living in poverty is a visual representation of the inequality that plagues our society the money spent on a single super yot could fund vital social programs build schools or provide Health Care to those in need imagine the impact if such resources were redirected towards improving the lives of the less fortunate it could provide clean water to entire communities or support medical research that could save countless lives the potential for positive change is immense yet the choice to indulge in luxury often prevails the pursuit of such extreme luxury While others lack basic necessities highlights the moral dilemmas of our time it raises questions about the values and priorities of our society it forces us to confront the question how much is enough at what point does the accumulation of wealth become excessive and what are the consequences for those left behind and what responsibility do the ult wealthy have towards the less fortunate should they be expected to contribute more to the welfare of society or is their wealth Theirs to use as they see fit the existence of superiots is a stark reminder of the growing gap between the halves and the havn Nots this disparity is not just a matter of Economics but also of ethics and Humanity it challenges us to consider the ethical implications of such vast wealth disparities as we look at these symbols of excess we must ask ourselves what kind of world we want to live in and what we are willing to do to make it more Equitable for all super yots are more than just luxurious toys for the ultra Rich they are symbols of status power and wealth representing the Pinnacle of luxury and exclusivity these floating palaces are equipped with every conceivable amenity from helipads and swimming pools to private Cinemas and Spas they are a microcosm of the Wild societal issues we face today the super yach industry showcases the stark contrast between the lives of the wealthy Elite and the everyday struggles of ordinary people they reflect the growing gap between the wealthy and the rest of society highlighting the disparities in income and opportunity the presence of these opulent vessels in impoverished areas underscores the inequality that persists in our world the environmental consequences of our consumption patterns are also evident in the super yach industry these massive vessels consume vast amounts of resources and contribute to pollution impacting marine ecosystems and Coastal communities the ethical dilemmas posed by extreme wealth are brought to the Forefront the lavish lifestyles of super yacht owners raise questions about the morality of such extravagance in a world where many struggle to meet basic needs the super yach industry is a symptom of a larger system that prioritizes profit over people and the planet the construction and maintenance of these vessels require significant financial and environmental resources often at the expense of more sustainable practices it highlights the need for greater regulation transparency and accountability in a World Grappling with inequality climate change and social justice stricter environmental regulations and more Equitable economic policies are essential to address these challenges as we Marvel at the opulence of super OTS we must also confront the uncomfortable truths they represent the Allure of luxury should not blind us to the pressing issues of our time we must recognize the impact of our choices and advocate for a more sustainable and Equitable future the superat industry serves as a reminder of the broader societal changes needed to achieve this goal only by addressing these broader societal issues can we create a more just and sustainable future for all the journey towards a fairer world begins with acknowledging the disparities and working collectively to bridge the gap

  Top Comments:
  1. @LuxuryX1337 [4 likes]: Hello my favorite subscribers! Did you like this new video?
  2. @Khansa_Hobbies [2 likes]: Great sharing 👍👍
New friend
Stay connected
  3. @mypassionrc-studioxd40lous66 [2 likes]: Looks like mine🤪
  4. @Nontonkeretagombong [1 likes]: TOP Video 👍👍😉
  5. @서웅기-m3k [1 likes]: ⛴️ ⛴️ ⛴️ ⛴️ ⛴️ 🌴 🌴 🌴 🌴 행복하세요 ☕️ ❤️ 💕 ✈️
  6. @nickc8819 [1 likes]: I don't own a Yacht, just admire from afar. Just watching your video, I felt the weight of the world on my chest.  Peace be with you. Many blessings
  7. @misaghkhosravi4541 [1 likes]: Dream is yachting n partying :)
  8. @JohnMTV211 [1 likes]: Hello my friend, John supports you and gives you a thumbs up❤❤👍👍👍👍👍👍
  9. @HasanRifino [1 likes]: ❤❤❤❤❤💃💃💃💃💃🕴
  10. @BLBADVENTURES [1 likes]: interesting
  11. @maede6447 [1 likes]: Good morning
  12. @wahyusidori [1 likes]: Thank you friend..
  13. @lili-Bordamanualidades [1 likes]: el lado mas oscuro 
de las riquezas claro ahi hay puro secreto
  14. @aMuncieChannel [1 likes]: Great information! Unfortunately the rich are getting richer and the poor are getting poorer. Thanks for sharing! A++++++!
  15. @RbnWebSolutions [1 likes]: This was so informative 🎉
  16. @TakisTravel [1 likes]: Wonderful presentation. 👍
Friendly greetings.
  17. @jyotikitchen05 [1 likes]: Like very nice sharing great sharing stay connected New friends
  18. @BarcelonaStreet [1 likes]: Excellent video of the superyachts, very good information my friend
  19. @padjack2616 [1 likes]: wow sending my full support please stay connected thank you sub and like done
  20. @Exploreviamyeyes [1 likes]: 4lk great sharing 😊😊

- This Billionaire Lives a Luxurious Life on a Mega Yacht - and Here's How He does it!: Kind: captions Language: en billionaires and big boats have something in common whether super Yachts or maybeats rich men love to spend a lot of money on these big boats that go out on the water and it all started in 1954 when Greek shipping magnet Aristotle onices had big plans after World War II honest has bought the Canadian anti-submarine frigate HMC is storming to keep his high-class way of life going while he was at Sea he spent a lot of money to turn it into a luxurious super yacht and named it after his daughter Christina oh this started a trend among wealthy people even now the richest people in the world are still in a race to build the most significant fastest and most impressive super yacht here are our five favorites number five Eclipse owned by Roman agrimovic blown plus Voss of hammer and Terence disdale designed both the inside and outside it costs 500 million dollars to start up in 2009 the same as 623 million pounds today Roman Abramovich is a Russian businessman who owns the Chelsea Football Club and a private investment company Milhouse LLC he is worth 17.4 billion dollars right now the ship is 162.5 meters long has nine decks can go as fast as 22 knots and has two swimming pools a disco Hall a mini submarine two helipads and 24 guest cabins number four sailing yakte owned by Andrea monachinko there's a shipyard called nobisgrun on the Ida River in Germany the idea came from Jacques Garcia and Philip Stark did the interior design the price is said to be more than 400 million dollars Andrew malnachenko a Russian billionaire businessman is the main person who benefits from both the fertilizer company eurochem group and the coal company suek even though he is worth 18.7 billion dollars right now sailing yacht A was taken from him in tries on March 12 2022 because of EU sanctions against Russian business people 119 meters long eight decks 21 knots top speed freestanding carbon fiber rotating masts underwater observation pod 14 passengers number three Faith owned by Michael ladphy the same goes for Symphony and feature it reportedly cost 200 million dollars to build in 2017 with the outside designed by Arma de wigia bully you and the inside designed by chathan Design until recently Lauren stroll a Canadian billionaire who is also part owner of the Aston Martin Formula One team and Michael latify a Canadian businessman with a net worth of just under 2 billion dollars and the father of F1 star Nicholas latify just bought it Michael latifies the father of latify 90 centimeters long nine guest rooms swimming pool with a glass bottom and a bar Bell 429 helicopter number two Odessa Q owned by Len blavatnik Nova scrugg a German Shipyard where sailing yacht was built Focus yacht design made both the inside and outside of the yacht costing 80 million dollars to launch in 2013. sir Leonard blavatnik is a businessman from Britain he is worth 39.9 billion dollars in started access Industries a multinational industrial group that owns Warner Music Group Spotify and the Grand Hotel du cap ferret the boat is 74 meters long has six guest cabins can go as fast as 18 knots has an intimate Beach Club a baby grand piano a private Master Suite Terrace and outdoor movie theater number one silver angel owned by Richard caring benetti makes high-end boats in Italy the odd was launched in 2009. the inside was designed by Argent design and Stefano matucci work on the outside Richard caring is a British businessman who has made a lot of money at his most prosperous he was worth 1.05 billion pounds so he still makes a list he owns the ivy restaurants and is the head of Kipper's Holdings the boat is 64.5 meters long cruises at 15 knots as seven guest cabins Lalique Decor five decks an oval Jacuzzi pool a sun Deck bar and a dining table on the back deck so that's all for today's video If you like this video click the like and the bell buttons we'll have another video for you soon take care until then

  Top Comments:
  1. @ЛюдмилаДмитровская-щ5у [4 likes]: great video that I want to watch several times, thanks
  2. @graceaarong6956 [4 likes]: Super video
  3. @trendingmovieswatchfree [2 likes]: This video is really amazing.I like this video.Thanks for sharing this video.I love it.
  4. @ayeshussainsafiya5465 [1 likes]: Wow tis is life
  5. @yahyagamingff4914 [1 likes]: Wow nice cool 👏 and unique video
  6. @andrewnkhata7325 [1 likes]: Great illustration
  7. @bithikhatun6132: Nice
  8. @isharasamarasinghe3415: ✌️✌️💰
  9. @epicdrawingtutorials6173: cool keep posting
  10. @soumyamohan4933: Very good
  11. @shabnariyaz4452: Super
  12. @ffvivaaan: Amezing 🤣
  13. @jesminnahar1433: nice
  14. @emmanuelnwaiwu6835: Super great video
  15. @vivaanmr9557: So nyc
  16. @-JANAGANIRANADHEER: Nice information
  17. @roshanipandey7123: nice
  18. @muhammadzohaibsadaqat2502: very good video.......

- Yacht industry works toward an eco-friendly future: Kind: captions Language: en through the course of the 30 some-odd years I've been running large yachts I've seen a difference in the oceans I've seen what we are doing through the oceans through plastics and emissions and all sorts of different pollutants into the ocean and into the air we're trying to be very conscious of the environment everything we're using on our cocktail barges is recyclable so there's not plastic cups and plastic straws none of that so we're trying to you know lead the way a little bit there because the events are gonna have to do that so you've got multiple angles of the yachting industry that are all trying their best to make a difference and it's been phenomenal progress in the last decade and in views and and coverage of such stories can help really get the message out and show people that small changes can make a huge difference

- Yacht Running Costs Revealed: From 42ft Pirelli to 88ft Ferretti Superyacht.: Kind: captions Language: en [music] >> You are buying a yacht for a million dollars. Someone tells you maintenance [music] runs 10% a year. Does that sound right? This is one of the biggest [music] myths in the yachting industry. Today, I'm breaking it down with real numbers, actual service quotes, and [music] insurance data. Four yachts, two markets. Let's get started. In the world of yachting, a simple rule has been circulating for decades. Annual maintenance costs 10% of the yacht's purchase price. 2 million for the yacht, 200,000 a year in upkeep. Simple. The problem is this rule ignores almost everything. Where you sail, how you use her, who lays her up for the winter, and what flag she flies. Operating costs, [music] opex in industry terms, form a complex system [music] of communicating vessels. Insurance, crew salaries, authorized servicing, yard work, hull protection, communications, and [music] administration. And each of these categories shifts dramatically depending on one factor. And it all comes down to one factor. Where your yacht sails. I'm comparing the two most prestigious yacht markets in the world. Miami, Florida. Hurricane zone. The demanding waters of Biscayne [music] Bay. Astronomical insurance premiums. The French Riviera. Chronic berth shortages. But a mild climate and lower risk. These two markets generate entirely [music] different cost structures. To illustrate this concretely, I'm analyzing four real yachts. Four operational [music] models. Four entirely different budgets. And none of the final numbers will come anywhere near 10%. Pirelli 42. >> [music] >> A sporty day boat. No permanent crew. Azimut 53 Fly. A yacht for the owner's keeper. Princess [music] F65. The threshold of professionalization >> with a seasonal captain. Ferretti Yachts 860 XSH. A fully fledged super yacht with a year-round crew. Pirelli 42. A 13-m walk-around designed [music] by the Mannerfelt design team. Deep V hull with double running strikes. 8 and 1/2 tons. [music] And it is precisely this choice, outboard propulsion instead [music] of inboard engines, that reshapes the entire cost architecture. You'll see exactly what that means [music] for the budget in a moment. Marina. The first line item in the budget. In Miami, [music] the published rate, $27.50 per linear foot per month plus utilities. For a 42-ft boat, $14,160 per year. In France, pricing is based on overall dimensions. Demand dramatically exceeds supply, but marina fees are only part of the story. There are several costs that no one talks about openly. Flag registration, satellite communications, security, and annual layup. Following hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria in 2017, insurers [music] dramatically tightened their underwriting criteria. The lightning strike rate in Florida, 3.3 per thousand vessels per year. [music] Now, the hidden administrative costs. And here is excellent news for European yacht owners. Polish flag registration for a private vessel up to 20-40 m [music] within the European Union is a lifetime registration. The one-off registration fee comes to around €300. [music] After that, zero per year. In Miami, state vessel registration runs approximately $150 annually. Starlink, [music] now standard on day boats, approximately $150 per month, $1,800 annually. In France, comparable coverage runs around €1,600 per year. Mercury Verado service every 100 operating hours or once a year, whichever comes first. A parts kit for one engine runs between 170 [music] and $200. And something many owners fail to budget for, regular boat detailing. The Florida sun and the salt air of Biscayne Bay demand professional washing and waxing, haul out and antifouling, >> an absolute necessity in warm waters. The waters of Biscayne Bay never drop below 21° C. Marine growth on the hull can reduce the yacht's speed by up to 30% in just a few months. There is one more line item that no one likes to think about. The hurricane plan in Florida or winter layup in Europe. Emergency haul out ahead of storm season, $1,500 in Miami. Winter layup on the French Riviera, 12,200 [music] euros. Pirelli 42 annual cost summary. Miami, $43,710 [music] per year. French Riviera, 27,250 euros per year. What does this mean relative to the yacht's value? Just 4 to 5%. Even after accounting for hidden costs, satellite communications, registration, and detailing, we are still well short of the 10% myth. The Pirelli 42 is [music] a perfectly optimized machine. Outboard propulsion and the absence of a permanent crew keep the budget predictable [music] and manageable. Azimut 53, 16.7 m of Italian elegance for the owner who wants to skipper her himself. The defining feature, the Volvo Penta IPS 950. Integrated drive pods extending from the hull bottom, twin counter-rotating propellers, a helm-mounted joystick. Maneuvering without a professional captain becomes entirely intuitive, but that convenience comes with a hidden technical [music] cost. One that many yacht owners overlook entirely at the point of [music] purchase. So, before we get to the cost breakdown, we need to [music] talk about the IPS drive pod. The IPS drive pod is an exceptionally complex mechatronic device permanently submerged in corrosive seawater. Its greatest enemy is water ingress into the drive [music] unit. If water ingress damages the bearings, rebuilding a single unit costs between 25,000 and 40,000 [music] A new pod, 100,000 dollars. This is why oil analysis is not an option. It is a necessity. It detects microscopic traces of metal particles or water contamination before catastrophic failure occurs. The manufacturer specified synthetic oil for the IPS system >> costs 106 dollars per gallon. And each drive unit requires 3.5 gallons. [music] Annual servicing of two IPS units at an authorized service center 4,500 dollars in Miami, 4,000 euros in France. The owner skipper model can also factor in hiring a captain on a contract basis. 21 days a year for those who prefer to have someone handle navigation, itinerary planning, and day-to-day operations during their time on [music] board. In Miami, the daily rate for a certified captain with a deckhand is 650 dollars. Over 21 days, 13,650 On the French Riviera, 450 euros per day, amounting to 9,450 euros for the full season. Another hidden line item, detailing for a vessel without a [music] permanent crew. The owner skipper rarely has the time [music] to detail a 16 meter yacht on a weekly basis. Professional detailing runs $6,000 per year in Miami and 5,000 [music] euros in Europe. Winterization and hurricane procedures, $2,500 in the USA, 2,000 euros in [music] France. Insurance for a vessel valued at 1.5 to 2 million dollars >> without permanent crew in Florida, $30,000 per year. 18,900 euros on the French Riviera. Azimut 53, $82,340 [music] in Miami. 61,950 euros on the French Riviera. Without the contract captain, however, costs drop by $13,000 in Miami and [music] 10,000 euros in France. Still below 10%. But, this is where the trap lies. Saving a thousand dollars by delaying an oil change on the IPS drive pod could leave you with a bill of $50,000. At this level of yacht, preventive maintenance is the absolute cornerstone of sound financial management. Skimping on service is not saving. It is a loan on deeply unfavorable terms. Princess F65 19.8 meters, powered by twin MAN V8 engines, each producing 1,200 horsepower. This is a critical threshold in yacht ownership and management. With a vessel of this size, the owner could technically helm her themselves. But in practice, [music] having a captain on board is far more practical. And this is where an interesting economic [music] dilemma arises. Employ him year-round or only for the four summer months? Many yacht owners opt for the seasonal model looking to reduce costs. As you'll see in a moment, those savings are largely illusory. Professional captains prefer year-round contracts that provide stability and continuity. A four-month contract means either paying a premium to compensate for the lack of continuity or taking [music] the risk of bringing on a less qualified candidate. In the American market, a seasonal captain represents a true cost of $40,000 to $50,000 inclusive of all hidden expenses. In the Mediterranean, a four-month contract including benefits runs 26,000 euros. And the greatest hidden cost of the absence of year-round supervision, for eight months, the vessel lies unattended. No pump is [music] inspected. No filter is serviced. Pumps seize. Mold takes [music] hold in the air conditioning ducts. Deep battery discharge. Galvanic corrosion from shore power. These are the surprises waiting for you when you return. The answer to the absence of a permanent crew is engaging a professional management company that conducts regular mooring checks, ventilates the interior, responds to alarms, and carries out systems inspections. For this plan, plus hurricane procedures or winter lay up on land, a total of $5,000 in Miami 4,000 euros in France. The Princess F65 approaching the 20-m threshold triggers an entirely different pricing structure in European marinas. Cannes and Antibes securing a berth here means committing to long-term contracts [music] that guarantee a place in the port. Annual berth fees from 25,000 to 55,000 euros. For the first time, >> the cost of a berth in Europe exceeds that of Florida. MAN V8 1200 engines [music] demand rigorous servicing. Annual service with a certified MAN technician plus Onan generator service $5,500 in Miami 5,000 euros in Europe. Haul out and yard work for a 40-ton vessel $5,000 in the USA, 4,000 euros in France. [music] At this level of vessel, owners are already upgrading to Starlink Maritime over Starlink Rome >> ensuring priority bandwidth during offshore passages. Annual cost $3,000 in the USA, >> 2,800 euros in Europe. Safety equipment certification two multi-person life rafts, EPIRBs, engine room fire suppression systems. Annual inspections $2,000 in Miami, 1,800 euros in France. Pre-season detailing after winter lay-up, a professional crew must restore the finish on a 20-m vessel. Full exterior and interior detailing $9,000 in Florida 7,500 euros in Europe. Princess F65, 151,800 116,100 on the French Riviera. Managing a vessel in a semi-professional capacity yields no meaningful economies of scale. By cutting [music] costs on a year-round captain's contract, you are incurring technical [music] debt. The budget is not shrinking. It is simply shifting towards higher risk insurance premiums, professional management companies, and costly detailing after every winter layup. The bill >> will still come due. Ferretti 860, 26.9 m, approaching 100 GT, formally and legally classified as a superyacht. Managing her more closely resembles running a small logistics operation than owning a recreational yacht. The private ownership model for the Ferretti 860 requires a minimum of two crew members year-round. A certified captain and a deckhand. During the 4-month summer season, a professional stewardess joins the crew. And it is precisely this commitment to a full crew that radically redefines the yacht's operating budget. Technical servicing, twin MAN engines producing 1,200 horsepower each. Seakeeper gyro stabilizer, virtually eliminating roll. Idromar watermaker, twin Cummins Onan generators rated at 27 kW each. Annual servicing across all onboard systems, $12,000. But what truly defines a superyacht budget, it is not the engines, it is the people. In the American market, a captain commands between 120,000 and 160,000 dollars per year. >> A first officer and engineer from 48,000 to 60,000 dollars. A stewardess for 4 months, close to 20,000 dollars. Total crew costs including benefits and logistics, 240,000 dollars in the USA, 160,000 euros in Europe. And here the paradox emerges. A permanent qualified crew carries out daily safety rounds, checks the bilge pumps, and tests the fire suppression systems. This is a key argument used by underwriters when setting insurance rates. Eliminating the crew on a superyacht would increase the risk of damage to such a degree that insurance premiums would consume a significant portion of any savings generated by that decision. At this scale, the era of straightforward Polish flag registration comes to an end. The Ferretti 860 falls under commercial registry requirements, or calls for prestigious private registries. The Cayman Islands, BVI, the Marshall Islands, or Malta. Watch the episode where I break down every flag option and the advantages each one offers. Tonnage registration and annual administrative fees for a prestigious flag range from 8,000 to as much as 15,000 dollars per year. Priority internet for crew and guests, Starlink maritime or business with a large data package. From 250 to 1,000 dollars per month. 6,000 dollars per year in the USA, €5,500 in Europe. In addition, the annual inspection of MED certified life rafts, EPIRB calibration, and certified servicing of the FM-200 fire suppression system come to $2,400 in Miami and €3,500 in France. Professional detailing of a vessel of this size is a task for specialized yacht teams. Budget for a full exterior wax and finish restoration, $20,000 in the USA, €10,000 in France. Add to this a hurricane plan or winter layup in a secure facility. $10,000 in the USA, €8,000 in Europe. Haul out for a vessel over 100 GT is an industrial scale operation. Travel lift with a minimum capacity of 80 tons. Pressure washing, corrosion treatment, ablative antifouling coatings, and replacement of multiple large zinc anodes. In Miami, $12,000. Yards on the Côte d'Azur, €10,000. Ferretti 860, $511,000 annually in Florida, €361,800 on the French Riviera. And only now, with the largest yacht, are we approaching the mythical 10%. In fact, we are halfway there. 6.5% to 7.5% in Florida, 5% to 5.3% in Europe. The Ferretti 860 proves something fundamental. A superyacht is driven by people, not propellers. Crew costs and insurance coverage alone account for over 60% of the entire operating budget. Time for synthesis. The numbers across all four vessels are unambiguous. The 10% rule does not apply in any of the cases analyzed. But more importantly, I've identified three distinct patterns. First pattern, the bottom of the cost curve. The Pirelli 42 with outboard propulsion and no permanent crew. 4 to 5% of the vessel's value. The absence of a captain's salary combined with straightforward onboard systems minimizes all cost variables. This is absolute economic rationality. Second pattern, the mid-range trap. Azimut 53 and Princess F65. 4.5 to 6% of the vessel's value. Owners attempt to reduce costs by foregoing a year-round crew. The budget, however, swells rapidly on account of high-risk insurance premiums, management company fees for winter layup and vessel monitoring, and costly post-layup detailing. Third pattern, superyacht economies of scale. Only in fully crewed vessels do costs come close to the mythical 10%. But they still fall short. In the most demanding Florida market, 6.5 to 7.5%. In Europe, 5 to 5.5% and the final, most significant practical conclusion. Geography is one of the most consequential financial decisions you will make. For the Pirelli 42, OPEX in Europe runs 38 to 42% lower than in Miami. For the Ferretti 860, 29%. That translates to tens or hundreds of thousands of euros per year. Before you buy a yacht, build a detailed OPEX breakdown. Breakdown engine service rates, estimate authorized labor costs, check local insurance and marina rates, and factor in flag registration and satellite communications. And don't forget to account for detailing, your hurricane plan, or winterization. The 10% rule is a mental shortcut from the 1980s that could end up costing you more than the yacht itself. The cost summary and free OPEX sheet are available via the link in the description below. If you want more analysis like this, hit subscribe and tap the bell. See you at the Tuesday live stream and on the water. Thank you for watching.

  Top Comments:
  1. @skunkjobb [4 likes]: I only spend about 6000 € per year on my 40' yacht but many of those costs are low here in Sweden even though it's otherwise a high cost country. Insurance and marina are very cheap. Important is that I do all maintenance myself, including the engines and I have still after eight years not had any major repair.
  2. @jamesapisano384 [3 likes]: Thanks for helping me decide against IPS
  3. @CBass-mn5dy [1 likes]: I average 3% per year in overall cost not including fuel..... 10% rule is ridiculously high.
  4. @Pyotr_Velikiy [1 likes]: Excellent information that would benefit every prospective buyer.
  5. @gaetancannati1419 [1 likes]: Thank you for this very interesting video. Could you make a video on the maximum length of a boat that can be piloted solo without a captain or crew? Thank you.
  6. @MoneyEducator [1 likes]: Fantastic job busting myth of 10%.
  7. @itinensanzen [1 likes]: Great video as always, a great cost breakdown for free is remarkable.
  8. @jamesapisano384 [1 likes]: You're a rock star, Bro. Thanks for sharing. Very helpful.
  9. @WYachtsMonaco: Hey everyone! 🛥 I know we get really deep into the mechanical data and transmission costs around the 8-minute mark (those Volvo Penta IPS drives are no joke to maintain! 😅), but if you're not a gearhead, feel free to use the chapters below to jump around!

You DO NOT want to miss the breakdown of the 88ft Ferretti Superyacht at 16:05 – the crew costs alone will absolutely shock you. 💸

Let me know in the replies: which of these 4 yacht ownership models fits your dream lifestyle? Are you team Pirelli or team Ferretti?
  10. @davedavids9619: Great analysis, but there are a few things missing that should be taken into account. Not everyone buys a new yacht and new yachts to become older, therefore will require more maintenance. There is one thing for sure in boats, some things will always break down, that  can be a pump, that can be exhaust pipes, it can be the generator or you get leakages in the boat. This winter was extremely wet in Greece, lots of boats have developed leakages around the hatches and now need to be repaired. Paint gets damaged during the season etc etc. And if you have a used boat you will need to start putting money aside for the engine overhaul. 

Then of course I am missing the fuel, the transient slips, financing cost (if necessary) and depreciation. 
If we start adding all those cost to your calculations, we will get to the 10 % again. 

Where you do save money is indeed no crew, no marina berth and doing a lot of the work yourself. Up to about 65' that is feasible, especially if you live onboard.

- Superyacht Operating Costs Exposed: Fuel's True Price: Kind: captions Language: en Super yachts exemplify luxury but consume massive amounts of fuel. Their size and power require significant energy for propulsion. The fuel consumption contributes substantially to carbon emissions. This raises environmental concerns about sustainable yaching practices. A super yacht's engine room is a complex self-contained system. It houses engines, generators, stabilizers, and climate control. These systems operate continuously consuming fuel around the clock. The engine room is vital for the yacht's functionality and comfort. Super yachts consume fuel even when anchored. Fuel is needed to power essential systems. These systems include lights and air conditioning, water makers, electronics, and crew operations also require power. Small super yachts 3040 m consume a substantial amount of fuel. These yachts typically burn between 200 to 500 L of fuel per hour. Fuel consumption depends on engine size and cruising speed. Higher speeds lead to increased fuel consumption. This high fuel usage contributes significantly to operational costs. Refueling a smaller superyacht after a day of cruising can be expensive. The cost typically ranges from $5,000 to $15,000 per refueling. This expense is a significant part of superyacht operational costs. Fuel consumption depends on yacht size, engine type, and cruising speed. Longer trips and higher speeds increase fuel consumption substantially. Fuel costs should be considered when planning yacht itineraries. Midsize super yachts 5070 m consume substantial fuel. These yachts typically burn 1,00 to 2,500 L of fuel per hour. Fuel consumption depends on speed, engine load, and yacht design. This high fuel usage contributes to significant operational costs. Operating a midsize super yacht involves substantial expenses. Fuel consumption is a major cost factor for super yacht. A full day of super yacht travel can incur significant fuel costs. Daily fuel expenses can range from $30,000 to $70,000. These figures highlight the high operational costs of super yachts. Megaay yachts are large, luxurious vessels exceeding 80 m in length. These yachts are typically powered by large diesel engines. Alternatively, some mega yachts utilize gas turbines for propulsion. The power demand of these vessels is substantial. Fuel consumption ranges from 5,000 to 10,000 L per hour. This high consumption reflects the energy needed for operation. Refueling a mega yacht after an ocean crossing can be extremely expensive. The cost can range from 1 million to $2 million for a single refueling. This high cost reflects the enormous fuel capacity of these vessels. Mega yachts require vast amounts of fuel to travel long distances. Super yachts consume substantial energy even when anchored. This energy is primarily used to power essential onboard systems. These systems include air conditioning for climate control. Refrigeration is also a major energy draw for food storage. Entertainment systems contribute to the overall energy consumption. Consumption ranges from 500 to 1,000 L of fuel per hour at anchor. Super yachts need high-grade marine fuel for optimal performance. Fuel purity is critical to prevent potential engine damage. Fuel quality tests are essential to ensure purity standards. These tests identify contaminants that could harm the engine. Regular testing helps maintain engine health and longevity. Fuel specialists ensure fuel meets standards before refueling. These specialists may be flown in for on-site fuel testing. Testing confirms the fuel's quality and purity. This process adheres to strict industry regulation. Quality control prevents engine damage from contaminated fuel. It also ensures optimal engine performance and efficiency. Captains strategically plan routes considering various critical factors. Fuel availability at different ports is a primary concern. Price differences in fuel cost between ports are also evaluated. Weather conditions along potential routes are carefully assessed. These factors collectively influence route optimization. The goal is efficient and cost-effective navigation. Fluctuations in marine fuel prices significantly influence shipping operational decision. Ship owners and operators actively monitor global fuel costs to optimize expenses. Significant price disparities between countries create strategic refueling opportunities. Vessels may adjust their planned routes to take advantage of cheaper fuel locations. This rerouting aims to minimize overall fuel expenditure during voyages. Fuel cost optimization is a critical factor in maintaining profitability in shipping. Small superyachts incur significant annual fuel expenses. Yearly fuel costs can range from $200,000 to $500,000. This substantial expenditure reflects the high fuel consumption. Fuel consumption is due to the yacht's size and operational demand. Midsize super yachts have substantial operational expenses. Fuel consumption represents a major component of these costs. Annual fuel expenditures can range from $500,000 to $1.5 million. This range reflects variations in usage and fuel prices. Efficient yacht operation can help manage these high fuel costs. Mega yachts incur substantial annual expenses. A significant portion of these costs is attributed to fuel consumption. Annual fuel expenditures for a mega yacht can range widely. These costs typically fall between $2 million and over $10 million. The exact amount depends on usage and fuel efficiency. Fuel costs represent a major operational consideration. Superyacht owners value freedom and the ability to travel without constraints. Privacy is a key motivator. Offering seclusion from public attention, owners desire control over their travel schedules and destinations. These factors often outweigh the financial considerations. The experience of luxury and exclusivity is highly prioritized. Super yachts offer privacy and distance from the everyday world. Fuel enables extended time away, fostering independence. This independence is a key allure of yacht ownership. The yacht becomes a private mobile sanctuary. Owners gain control over their environment and schedule. Fuel ensures the freedom to explore remote locations. Operating a super yacht incurs substantial expenses. Fuel consumption is a major cost factor. Each mile traveled adds thousands to the bill. Daily operation burns a significant amount of fuel. Maintenance and crew salaries also contribute. Overall, super yaching demands considerable financial resources. Real-time fuel consumption displays provide immediate data on fuel usage rates. These systems offer continuous monitoring of fuel expenses. The displays often use digital interfaces for clear data presentation. This allows operators to track fuel efficiency and identify potential savings. Monitoring helps in making informed decisions about operational adjustments. Ultimately, it supports cost-effective and sustainable fuel management practices. A fuel tanker delivers high-grade marine fuel at a port. The fuel is specifically for a super yacht dock nearby. This highlights the logistical scale of supplying large vessels. The operation ensures the yacht's operational readiness. Captains use weather routing software to plan efficient sea voyages. This software analyzes weather patterns and sea conditions. It helps determine the optimal route for a ship to navigate. The goal is to minimize fuel consumption during the journey. By avoiding adverse weather, ships save fuel and reduce emissions. Luxury super yachts demand substantial power for their extensive amenities. These amenities include climate control, entertainment systems, and complex navigation. The continuous operation of these systems results in significant energy requirements. To meet these demands, superyachts rely on powerful onboard generators. These generators in turn consume large quantities of fuel. Therefore, high fuel consumption is a direct consequence of the luxury features. Luxury at sea involves a willingness to consume fuel for freedom. This fuel consumption enables independence and exploration. Super yachts offer a unique sense of autonomy on the water. The ability to travel anywhere defines this maritime luxury.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ronnymabrink1633: Fakta..
  2. @papab8446: Highly inflated !!!

- The REAL Reason Yachts Cost So Much Money: Kind: captions Language: en Luxury yachts represent complex feats of engineering. They are designed to function as self-sufficient moving cities. These vessels are capable of withstanding extreme ocean conditions. Their construction involves advanced materials and design principles. This ensures safety, stability, and comfort on the open sea. Yacht halls are constructed using materials selected for marine durability. Common materials include advanced composits, fiberglass, aluminum, and steel. These materials are chosen for their strength and flexibility. This ensures the hole can withstand the harsh conditions at sea. Yacht hole design requires extensive testing and refinement. This process ensures whole stability in various conditions. Optimal weight distribution is a key design goal. Achieving these goals demands considerable time and expertise. Luxury yachts are often customuilt. Unlike mass-produced items, customization allows layouts tailored to the owner's specifications. Owners can select specific materials for the yacht's construction. Technology is also customized to meet individual owner needs. Extensive customization increases labor costs significantly. This contrasts with the lower costs of mass-roduced yachts. Customization requires skilled labor from various experts. Master ship rides contribute their expertise and structure. Electricians handle the electrical systems and wiring. Engineers ensure structural integrity and functionality. Interior designers focus on aesthetics and space optimization. Yachts incorporate marine grade systems for essential functions. These systems include electricity, water, and air conditioning. Waste management is also a critical onboard system. Navigation systems ensure safe and efficient travel. Stabilization systems enhance comfort during voyages. Systems are designed with redundancy and fail safes for reliability. Luxury yachts incorporate advanced technologies similar to commercial vessels. These yachts feature power generators for electricity production. They also include fuel systems for propulsion and onboard power. Desalination plants and satellite communications are standard. Yacht engines are industrial machines built for heavy use. They are designed to operate for thousands of hours. These engines are built to withstand heavy loads. The cost of a yacht engine can reach hundreds of thousands. This reflects their complexity and robust construction. Stabilizers are crucial systems designed to minimize a ship's motion at sea. They counteract the effects of waves and wind, enhancing stability. Thrusters provide precise maneuvering capabilities, especially in tight spaces. Backup systems ensure continuous control during critical situations. These systems are vital for safe and effective maritime operations. Yacht interiors use secured furniture and treated luxury materials. Materials include marble, hardwoods, leather, and metals. These materials are reinforced to withstand constant motion. Reinforcement also protects against vibration and high humidity. Securing furniture prevents movement during navigation. Door hinges on ships require careful engineering for reliable function. Hinges must withstand constant movement caused by waves. Attention to detail ensures hinges operate smoothly at sea. Reliable hinges are crucial for safety and accessibility on board. Labor is a major cost component in yacht construction projects. Each yacht build demands thousands of man-hour. The construction process relies on hands-on craftsmanship. Detail-driven work is essential throughout the build. This laborintensive approach significantly impacts overall expenses. Welding involves multiple specialists to ensure structural integrity. These specialists include welders, composite technicians, and carpenters. Painters and systems engineers also contribute to the welding process. Precision is paramount. Even minor defects can cause major failures. Each professional plays a critical role in preventing potential issues. Yachts must adhere to international maritime regulations. These regulations ensure safety and environmental protection. Fire safety standards are a critical aspect of compliance. Structural integrity is also rigorously assessed and maintained. Life-saving equipment requirements must be met. Yachts must comply with emissions standards and crew accommodation rules. Yacht certification ensures adherence to maritime safety standards. Compliance involves rigorous inspections and documentation. Certification confirms the yacht meets specific regulatory requirements. Regulations cover structural integrity, safety equipment, and navigation systems. Compliance adds to construction and operation costs. Certification is critical for safe yacht operation at sea. Yacht operating costs typically range from 10 15% of its value annually. These costs include various essential expenses. Crew salaries represent a significant portion of operating costs. Fuel consumption is another major expense, varying with usage. Regular maintenance is crucial for yacht upkeep and safety. Insurance and docking fees also contribute to annual operating costs. Systems are selected for performance and long-term durability. Longevity ensures extended operational lifespan. Serviceability is a key factor in system selection. Easy maintenance reduces downtime and costs. Global support ensures assistance is available worldwide. These factors minimize long-term maintenance expenses. Owning a yacht symbolizes freedom to explore open waters. Yachts require reliance on complex systems for safe navigation. Operating these systems demands a high degree of responsibility. Yaching balances the allure of adventure with operational demands. Advanced materials undergo rigorous testing in simulated harsh environments. These tests assess resistance to saltwater corrosion. The tests also evaluate performance under extreme weather conditions. This ensures material durability and longevity. Testing is critical for realworld applications. Navigation systems provide real-time data for safe passage. These systems require regular updates to maintain accuracy. Maintenance is crucial for the reliable operation of navigation systems. Sophisticated navigation ensures safer and more efficient travel. Regular underwater hole inspections are crucial for ship maintenance. These inspections are essential for detecting potential damage early. Early detection helps prevent more significant structural issues later. Addressing minor damages proactively reduces long-term risks. However, underwater inspections contribute to overall maintenance costs. Balancing inspection frequency and cost is key to efficient ship management. Climate control systems are essential for maintaining comfortable conditions on a yacht. These systems regulate temperature and humidity levels within the yacht's interior. Stable climate control protects valuable materials from damage. Fluctuations in humidity and temperature can degrade sensitive materials. Climate control ensures the longevity and preservation of interior furnishings. Fuelee efficient engines cut operating costs. Efficient hole designs also lower expenses. Reduced fuel use minimizes environmental impact. Lower emissions support sustainability goals. These features reflect modern engineering. Highly trained crew members are vital for yacht operation. Training ensures proficiency in operating complex yacht systems. Proper maintenance of these systems is also a key training goal. Well-trained crew directly enhances overall operational safety. Efficient system management by the crew improves yacht performance. The high cost of a yacht is due to the advanced engineering involved. Craftsmanship also significantly contributes to the overall expense. Yachts are designed to handle the challenges of the open ocean. They must be robust and reliable for safe navigation. Yachts provide a unique and luxurious experience on the water.

- The True Cost of Owning a Yacht: How Much You'll Really Spend!: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] have you ever been on a luxury private yacht regardless of your response we are delighted to inform you that you will not simply ride on it you will be the proud owner of a luxury yacht you will be the captain and we will sail through exactly what you need to start saving for to fulfill all of your life goals hi everyone welcome and welcome back to the life of luxury Channel Savor the flavor of exploring wealth where we post videos about life and luxury join us on an exciting video as we explore the wonderful lives of the elite we are absolutely thrilled to share our knowledge with you if you are new here please subscribe and hit the notification Bell so that we can continue to post videos on this channel and don't forget to leave a comment and we'll make sure to engage and start some interesting discussions with you so let us test the waves and grab whole hold of the Rails as we sail and investigate in depth the true cost of running and maintaining a yacht number one Yachts come in a wide range of prices then you realize that a basic yacht May cost up to a hundred thousand dollars however that goes too far with the most expensive the eclipse is the largest yacht built to date it is worth between 700 million and 1.5 billion dollars however you will need to spend at least 20 million dollars on a private yacht if you want to mix with the high rollers this occurred when Tiger Woods privacy purchased his 155-foot private yacht in order to maintain the yacht at its Peak Performance each year the usual rule of thumb is that you should set aside 10 of the cost of the yacht therefore the extra expense in the case of Tiger Woods yacht privacy would be around 2 million dollars per year these expenses would differ significantly based on the yacht's purchase price the location the frequency of use the length the age and any modifications you've made number two registration costs should be taken into account naturally these costs can vary based on the nation or state in which you register your Yacht for instance Registries will charge you if you register a yacht that is 24 meters or 78 feet or less in length internationally in this instance there is a one-time registration charge of 550 dollars and a subsequent yearly tonnage tax of 750 that must be paid however a yacht that measures more than 24 meters would have a registration fee of 1 500 and the gross tonnage fees for loads up to 399 tons are 750 dollars lows between 400 and 999 tons are one thousand dollars and loads of over 999 tons are 1 250 choosing the Earth's flag state is critical because it has jurisdiction over that particular yacht tax obligations privacy regulations liability in international waters and whether the yacht can be used for commercial purposes are all factors to consider number three your yacht requires arresting players the location of your yacht storage has a significant impact on the annual cost a desirable location can rise the price of your yacht you can look into some of the more expensive marinas such as the Marina del Capri in Italy which Can Only Hold 10 super Yachts at a time however you are now guaranteed to pay around 3 300 per day to dock your super yacht there if that is out of your price range you could consider poured the can in France which will cost you around 770 dollars per day there are also numerous Marina Maps available to assist you in determining the best location to more your super yacht now a less desirable Marina would cost around 1 200 per month but you would incur additional mooring fees if you use your Yacht for its intended purpose of traveling around the world some marina fees take the length and width of your super yacht into account so expect some variation there as well now I would like to hear your thoughts before we continue with the video have you ever conducted any research on Marina Maps please tell us where we can raise the price of the yacht while it is being stored leave a comment below as I would like to get in touch with you and start a conversation now let's get back to the video now let's have number four fuel will be required for both your yacht and your toys it is critical to budget your annual fuel costs because each yacht is unique in its own way so the way a yacht is handled differs as well if you are cruising at 8-10 knots your fuel consumption will be lower than if you're going faster let's assume you own a 60-foot yacht with a fuel capacity of 1 200 gallons the current average price of gasoline is around two dollars and fifty cents per gallon the yacht will cost three thousand dollars to complete and your fuel costs will vary depending on how frequently you are on the water as well as where you are filling up for example the average fuel price in France is about four dollars per gallon while it is about three dollars and thirty cents in South Africa number five regular wear and tear must be considered like any other vehicle normal wear and tear are to be expected regular maintenance is essential to ensuring the longevity of your Yacht Maintenance is estimated to cost around two percent of the vote's value in the first year and 7.5 percent of the yacht is 10 years or older now every two weeks your yacht should be washed and cleaned and the bottom should be scrubbed once a month your yacht should be waxed every three to six months and the bottom of your boat should be repainted every 12 to 24 months as the paint layers thin and deteriorate expect to pay around 50 dollars per foot to have the hull repainted periodic maintenance is also to be expected if you notice that your yacht is looking a little worn me fit it and upgrade it however you should be aware that these costs can be high as you are willing to go we all know that engines depreciate and technically wear out over time so upgrading is highly recommended maybe you're wondering if you can recuse some of your expenses now just hang on because we'll explain how later so with number six a yacht cannot Sail on its own unless you are capable of captaining your own ship you will require a crew to assist you a 115 foot yacht would require a captain mate two stewardesses and a chef the salary of each crew member varies according to the size of the yacht the Yachts measuring 70 to 100 feet every year were recommended by the yacht crew salary guide for 2019. the salary of the captain ranges between 65 000 and a hundred ten thousand dollars per year now the salary of a chef ranges between thirty six thousand dollars and fifty two thousand dollars finally the salary of a stewardess ranges from thirty thousand dollars to forty eight thousand dollars if you don't need your crew daily you will have to pay them a daily rate now the captain earns approximately three hundred dollars to 375 dollars per day the chef earns between 200 and 250 dollars and the stewardess earns between 175 and 250 dollars per day however you must consider that your crew will also require food uniforms transportation and onboard expenses such as linen soap laundry services and so on in addition to their salary you are also responsible for your cruise dental and health insurance especially if they have been with you for a few months each year full-time Crews require four to six weeks of paid vacation number seven fine dining is standard on your yacht these expenses vary if you host and serve canapes and find champagne your budget will be much higher compared to let's say if you make a family tree lasagna with a few beers and a bucket of ice the annual cost of food Beverages and flowers on a super yacht is estimate to be between 1 million dollars and three million dollars if you enjoy throwing the occasional party and want to keep your guests completely satisfied you will need a DJ the core extra drinks and staff to assist you number eight insurance is an unavoidable expense if Insurance fees are not paid your yacht will be unable to sell it is a mandatory requirement a variety of factors will influence it including where you keep the yacht the size of the vessel and the amenities on board brokerages have been ensuring Yachts for years and they estimate that a 60-foot yacht insured in the Northeast will cost between six thousand dollars and eight thousand dollars per year whereas the same yacht ensured in Florida will cost between ten thousand dollars and twelve thousand dollars per year if the yacht is used for private use if you plan a chartered your costs will Skyrocket now that you have a good idea of how much it costs to run and maintain a yacht you will be overjoyed because we have so many videos in store for you so keep an eye out for our new videos number nine communication is essential when you're out on the Open Water you need to make sure your communication systems are fully functional a temporary Authority ship radio station license costs 100 while a full-term ship radio station licensed cost two hundred dollars because we live in the modern world most Modern Yachts are equipped with high-tech navigational Electronics air conditioning satellite TV Wi-Fi 24 hour video and water purification systems all of these of course must be maintained and will necessitate monthly fees wish like everything else will vary depending on location number 10 the priority is safety every yacht must have life jackets throwable flotation devices fire extinguishers visual signaling devices and sound signaling devices on board life jackets can range in price from 12 to 350 dollars furthermore if you have a yacht with 50 crew members and 30 guests and choose the most expensive brand of life jacket the total cost is twenty eight thousand dollars number eleven piracy is always a risk yacht owners must constantly consider new methods of protecting their guests their crew and their assets this will come at a high cost once again this price is subject to change you can hire a yacht protection company or you can do it yourself when it comes to anti-piracy technology or ADP there are numerous options to begin you could buy a long range acoustic device which uses pain-inducing sound beams to release an unbearable sound for humans but it won't be cheap a basic handheld model will cost around five thousand dollars and those expensive models can range from one hundred thousand dollars to a hundred ninety thousand dollars number 12 yachting would be incomplete without some sort of entertainment athene jet skis canoes stand-up paddle boards possibly a small Tugboat even a small submarine are recommended the sea imagine submersibles are designed to be launched from yachts and range in price from 1 million dollars to 3 million dollars don't forget to bring your water skis your diving equipment a couple of surfboards and body boards all of these are required to make your yacht the sought after Sea vessel that others aspire to own before we move on we would like to know how your experience has been riding a yacht what do you think is the reason for the need for entertainment or toys on a yacht please share your thoughts in the comments section also don't forget to subscribe like and press the Bell button to receive notifications for all of our future videos number 13 is owning a yacht a good investment the answer is no why because as previously stated Yachts depreciate and your brand new yacht loses value the moment it enters the water Others May argue that owning a yacht is not a financial investment but rather an investment in status and respect number 14 before you buy try it out experts advise that you test drive a yacht before purchasing one you can seek the assistance of a charter broker and visit various Yachts available inside the yacht feel it inspect its quality and if possible Charter it for a few days you can also go to a local boat show and ask the same questions it's almost as if you're conducting a survey make a decision based on their responses and if you're still thinking about that yacht it's for you you know you made the correct choice you could also consider splitting the cost with a friend and splitting the use of the yacht as a great way to still enjoy your time on the water without having to Bear all of the financial burdens yourself let's go to the last one and number 15 there is a way to recruit some of your financial investments if you are considering chartering your yacht keep in mind find that there will always be marine regulations there is a passenger limit so you can't rent out your yacht and load it up with tourists to make a quick Buck regardless of the size of the odds the limit is between 12 and 36 passengers however if the guest list exceeds 12 the yacht is technically classified as a passenger ship when it comes to chartering there is also a stiff competition so you must ensure that your yacht stands out non-negotiables include a Jacuzzi vsat connection and water toys size and age should be taken into account because they will influence the amount you can charge the average weekly rate for Motor Yacht measuring more than 150 feet is between 150 000 to 500 000 that is all for today's video we've already told you how much it costs to Charter and own a yacht now with all of these discussions do you think you'd rather Charter a yacht than buy and own one let us know in the comments section and we will gladly read them all for those of you who are still with us we have another treat for you did you know that Alessandro de benedetto earned the nickname crazy Italian because he sailed around the world in a 21-foot boat the smallest boat to do so he claimed to have completed the journey in 268 days and 19 hours that's it for now if you enjoyed the video and found it useful remember to subscribe to the life of luxury channel for more videos to help you explore the wonderful lives of the elite make sure you hit the notification Bell so that you won't miss out on any of our uploads see you in our next video

- SINGAPORE: Some families opt for yacht living in new lifestyle: Kind: captions Language: en as the yachting lifestyle becomes more prevalent in Singapore some people are choosing to actually live on such vessels we look at the pros and the cons of living on a yacht a fittingly pink room for the girl a blue one for the boys and a baby cot in the master bedroom three bedrooms for two adults and four children all on this 40ft catamaran it's a longtime dream for Singaporean actor Darren Lim and it took him 10 years to convince his wife to switch to a boating lifestyle living next to a marina also means easy access to groceries and other amenities but it can be inconvenient at times um we have a washing machine that's because now this is a bigger boat the previous boat we didn't have a washing machine so we had to take all our laundry to a laundry mat to wash and then to dry in a dry a having less space on board has also made the family more econscious you can cook anything you want on a boat such as this and for Darren and his family they would choose to use the gas cooker when the boat is out at sea but once the boat is birthed on the marina and there's a steady supply of electricity the family would then choose to use the induction cooker as they have to worry less about using up resources asked if living on a boat was more economical than living on land Darren was quick to disagree there are boats that are actually much much more expensive compared to a house and also the other thing is um the minute you fire a boat it depreciates it doesn't appreciate unlike a a house a property on land if it's not because of the passion for it uh I think it just doesn't make Financial sense and that passion was also what convinced Yacht broker William schik and his wife Dion to live on a boat although their three teenage children live on land I've been in the industry since I was I was 16 and brokering and fixing repairing and and selling boats a year ago my wife and I actually thought we might buy a boat boat for ourselves and on sale but once we bought the boat we enjoyed it so much that uh we took the boat off the market with his office at the marina it made sense for William to live closer to his workplace meanwhile Dion who works in the central business district says she doesn't mind the 15 to 20 minute commute to work unless it rains other than that the boat feels very much like well home we have all the facilities that we have at home uh with fulls sizee uh fridge freezer ice maker hot and cold uh running water electric flush toilet um and full size shower and one of the perks of living on a yacht is the flexibility to hold barbecues or cook in the open when the weather or mood pits

- HIDDEN REALITIES of Living on a Sailboat (Watch Before You Buy!): Kind: captions Language: en living on a boat isn't a lifestyle it's&nbsp; an adventure and like any great adventure&nbsp;&nbsp; it's not always smooth sailing here's the&nbsp; thing no one tells you the ocean doesn't&nbsp;&nbsp; care about your plans the wind doesn't wait&nbsp; for you to get it all together and this boat&nbsp;&nbsp; it moves constantly whether you're at anchor&nbsp; underway or tucked into a marina it's always&nbsp;&nbsp; alive always demanding and when it's not&nbsp; like now it's because you've hul her out&nbsp;&nbsp; for yet another round of upgrades and fixes we've&nbsp; all seen the dreamy sailing shots the turquoise&nbsp;&nbsp; Waters the endless sunsets the freedom of it all&nbsp; but what about when the wind hits 80 knots and&nbsp;&nbsp; you're praying your anchor holds the sleepless&nbsp; nights at Sea encircled by flashing lightning or&nbsp;&nbsp; the sinking dread of searching for the source of&nbsp; water leak on board because that's the truth about&nbsp;&nbsp; living on a sailboat it's not just a lifestyle&nbsp; it's a test of your patience your courage and&nbsp;&nbsp; your willingness to adapt but the rewards&nbsp; oh they are so worth every single challenge W so if you've ever dreamed of this&nbsp; life stick around we're pulling back&nbsp;&nbsp; the curtains on the hidden&nbsp; realities of living aboard a sailboat everything takes longer everyday tasks&nbsp; you once Breeze through our land now transform&nbsp;&nbsp; into full-blown sagas on a sailboat forget tossing&nbsp; the garbage out to the curbside for pickup now&nbsp;&nbsp; you'll be scouting out where to dispose of it and&nbsp; let's just say the places we've carried our trash&nbsp;&nbsp; bags deserve their very own travelog need gas for&nbsp; the dinghy that can mean a trk to the pump only to&nbsp;&nbsp; find the powers out and now you're hanging around&nbsp; waiting for electricity just for a few liters of&nbsp;&nbsp; fuel grocery shopping yeah it's always a high&nbsp; Stak scavenger hunt finding the store lugging&nbsp;&nbsp; your haul back and praying you can do it all in&nbsp; under 3 hours then there's the waiting waiting&nbsp;&nbsp; on the elusive Boat Part to arrive waiting on&nbsp; the weather window to make your next move or&nbsp;&nbsp; waiting for the wind to kick up so you're not&nbsp; bobbing around aimlessly please we're trying living on a sailboat forces you to slow&nbsp; down and accept that instant gratification&nbsp;&nbsp; is a land dweller's luxury but here's&nbsp; the flip side you can start to embrace&nbsp;&nbsp; the slower Pace the inconveniences turn&nbsp; into Adventures the delays become a part&nbsp;&nbsp; of the story and somewhere along the way&nbsp; you'll find the joy in the journey instead&nbsp;&nbsp; of the destination it's all part of the&nbsp; Rhythm of Life afloat a rhythm that might&nbsp;&nbsp; test your patience but it'll also leave you&nbsp; with stories you'll laugh about for years to come a sailboat isn't just a home it can&nbsp; also be a workshop when something breaks&nbsp;&nbsp; and it will you're the one who has to fix it&nbsp; especially if you're on a budget on a deserted&nbsp;&nbsp; island or the worst sailing offshore days away&nbsp; from help from mechanical to electrical mpps&nbsp;&nbsp; flashing to sewing you'll develop a range&nbsp; of skills you never thought you would need it's challenging but it's also empowering each&nbsp; repair is a reminder that you're capable of&nbsp;&nbsp; keeping your home afloat running smoothly&nbsp; you'll spend hours hunched over manuals&nbsp;&nbsp; watching tutorials or even improvising Solutions&nbsp; with the tools and materials you have on hand some&nbsp;&nbsp; fixes will leave you feeling triumphant others&nbsp; will test your patience but every problem solved&nbsp;&nbsp; adds to your confidence and your self-reliance&nbsp; before setting sale you might want to make sure&nbsp;&nbsp; you have a well stocked tool kit with all of the&nbsp; essentials and a stash of spare parts for common repairs it's your first line of defense&nbsp; against unexpected breakdowns joining&nbsp;&nbsp; online sailing forums specific to your boat&nbsp; can also be a lifesaver when troubleshooting&nbsp;&nbsp; repairs offering advice tailored to your vessels&nbsp; corks one of the Great greatest aspects of this&nbsp;&nbsp; cruising Community is its camaraderie there's&nbsp; almost always somebody willing to lend a hand&nbsp;&nbsp; and chances are they've face the same problem&nbsp; you're dealing with and have valuable insights to share getting mail is a major event onl getting&nbsp; your mail is a simple errand you just open up the&nbsp;&nbsp; mailbox or sign for the package but on a sailboat&nbsp; it's a logistical puzzle you need to plan ahead&nbsp;&nbsp; and coordinate delivery points for a package&nbsp; pickup while you're crossing your fingers it&nbsp;&nbsp; actually makes it while most places allow for&nbsp; shipping it often comes with delays high cost&nbsp;&nbsp; and the occasional frustration of navigating&nbsp; Customs sometimes you can talk your friends or&nbsp;&nbsp; family into bringing items when they visit&nbsp; ensuring most important deliveries make it&nbsp;&nbsp; to you without much hassle of the mail system but&nbsp; sometimes you might find yourself booking a flight&nbsp;&nbsp; to pick up a much needed part in person when&nbsp; the expense time and hassle is too much a&nbsp;&nbsp; solution that's all part of the unique lifestyle&nbsp; of living on the water much like groceries finding&nbsp;&nbsp; the pickup and bringing it back to the boat is a&nbsp; part of the adventure but the anticipation built&nbsp;&nbsp; as you finally open that box or envelope making&nbsp; even the smallest deliveries feel like Christmas morning social life get it's weird living&nbsp; on a sailboat creates a social life unlike&nbsp;&nbsp; anything you'll experience on land imagine this&nbsp; you're anchored in a new place and within hours&nbsp;&nbsp; you'll meet fellow Sailors who are now your new&nbsp; best friends you'll Bond over shared challenges&nbsp;&nbsp; fixing engines swapping tips about the&nbsp; best anchorages or even lending a hand&nbsp;&nbsp; with supplies conversations flow easily because&nbsp; everyone understands the unique lifestyle you're&nbsp;&nbsp; living out here the differences that might matter&nbsp; on land age background even language Fades away&nbsp;&nbsp; what connects you is the shared experiences of&nbsp; Life at Sea one day you're trading stories with&nbsp;&nbsp; a retired sailor who's sailed around the world&nbsp; the next you're learning a new recipe from a&nbsp;&nbsp; solo sailor from halfway across the globe the&nbsp; diversity in the Sailing Community is as vast&nbsp;&nbsp; as the ocean itself but here's the catch just as&nbsp; quickly as you meet you'll have to say goodbye&nbsp;&nbsp; the cruising lifestyle is transient people&nbsp; are always on the Move heading to their next&nbsp;&nbsp; destination you'll share incredible moments with&nbsp; these Newfound friends but you'll also become very&nbsp;&nbsp; familiar with the Bittersweet feeling of waving&nbsp; goodbye from the deck as their boat disappears&nbsp;&nbsp; Over the Horizon and yet the connections you&nbsp; make are deep some of these people will become&nbsp;&nbsp; your lifelong friends and you'll always find a&nbsp; way to stay in touch across the oceans it's a&nbsp;&nbsp; social life full of Hells and goodbyes but it is&nbsp; also one of the most rewarding aspects of Life afloat holidays look very different&nbsp; holidays on a sailboat aren't your&nbsp;&nbsp; traditional celebrations they're uniquely&nbsp; shaped to your surroundings and the resources&nbsp;&nbsp; at hand Thanksgiving might feature freshly&nbsp; clopped Lobster instead of turkey grilled&nbsp;&nbsp; right on the beach and Christmas it&nbsp; could me decorating your tiny little&nbsp;&nbsp; Christmas tree with small Souvenirs of&nbsp; each place you've visited it's a painted coconut bought it at the market yeah and&nbsp; the best part holidays afloat often bring&nbsp;&nbsp; together Sailors from all over the world&nbsp; you'll share meals exchange stories and&nbsp;&nbsp; experience culture Traditions you've&nbsp; never imagined these celebrations may&nbsp;&nbsp; look different but they're filled with the&nbsp; same warmth and joy providing that it's the&nbsp;&nbsp; people you're with and not the setting that&nbsp; truly makes the holidays magical fried and bacon Happy Thanksgiving bring small meaningful&nbsp; items for each occasion a mini Christmas tree&nbsp;&nbsp; a couple cans of cranberry sauce or even a&nbsp; simple birthday banner to help create a festive&nbsp;&nbsp; atmosphere no matter where you are stock up on&nbsp; non- perishable holiday Staples before you set&nbsp;&nbsp; sale show you you'll always be ready to celebrate&nbsp; even in the most remote anchorages these little&nbsp;&nbsp; Traditions can bring comfort and joy reminding&nbsp; you that the spirit of the holiday is wherever&nbsp;&nbsp; and whatever you make it dingies are the real MVPs&nbsp; your sailboat may be your home but your dinghy is&nbsp;&nbsp; your lifeline it's your car your grocery hauler&nbsp; and sometimes your rescue vehicle you'll use it&nbsp;&nbsp; to get to shore fetch supplies and explore shallow&nbsp; areas your big boat can't reach but dingies come&nbsp;&nbsp; with their own challenges you'll need to manage&nbsp; fuel patch leaks and ensure the motor starts when&nbsp;&nbsp; you need it the most a day without a functioning&nbsp; dingy can quickly feel like being stranded we've&nbsp;&nbsp; had our fair share of dingy drama over the&nbsp; years it's fine I'll just jump out and get it hard dingy inflammable floor dingy fiberglass&nbsp; floor dingy and now a sturdy aluminum double&nbsp;&nbsp; floor Highfield each has had its quirks but&nbsp; here's the bottom line make sure your dinghy&nbsp;&nbsp; is something you can haul onto the beach&nbsp; without popping a vein and fit snugly on&nbsp;&nbsp; your davits or for deck without it turning&nbsp; into a game of Tetris a solid repair kit a&nbsp;&nbsp; stash of spare outboard parts and a decent grasp&nbsp; of motor maintenance will keep your Lifeline to&nbsp;&nbsp; shore running pretty smoothly trust us nothing&nbsp; sinks your day faster than a dingy that won't dingy bugs will become your worst enemy bugs are&nbsp; an inevitable part of your life on a sailboat&nbsp;&nbsp; and they'll find you whether you're at anchor&nbsp; or underway mosquitoes flies no CMS are all&nbsp;&nbsp; Relentless turning Serene evenings into buzzing&nbsp; Battlegrounds nights at anchor can quickly become&nbsp;&nbsp; and exercise in self-defense as you try to protect&nbsp; yourself from bites and swatting Shadows oh my gosh that's where the art of bug proofing&nbsp; comes in screens on every hatch bug spray&nbsp;&nbsp; electronic repellants fly swatters they're&nbsp; all essential to make containing piece on&nbsp;&nbsp; board but mosquitoes and flies aren't the only&nbsp; unwelcome visitors cockroaches ants and even&nbsp;&nbsp; tiny Critters on your produce can make their way&nbsp; on board if you're not villagein avoid bringing&nbsp;&nbsp; cardboard onto your boat it's a common hiding&nbsp; place for roach eggs and be sure to strip off&nbsp;&nbsp; can labels to eliminate another potential pest&nbsp; entry point vacuum sealing food and Provisions&nbsp;&nbsp; is another excellent way to keep cters at Bay&nbsp; during long trips those freshly picked mangoes&nbsp;&nbsp; and Farm Fresh lettuce might carry pest you can't&nbsp; see be sure to wash your fruits and veggies thly&nbsp;&nbsp; soaking them in a vinegar solution to remove any&nbsp; hidden Stow ways skipping this step could leave&nbsp;&nbsp; you with the worst bug a stomach bug for added&nbsp; Protection keep a stash of cockroach or an traps&nbsp;&nbsp; on board just in case an infestation slips&nbsp; through with a little preparation in vence&nbsp;&nbsp; you can def your floating home from uninvited&nbsp; guests and enjoy the serenity of life on the water you'll never escape the noise Soo life might&nbsp; look Serene but it comes with a soundtrack of its&nbsp;&nbsp; own the clanging of Howards against the mass the&nbsp; rhythmic slap of water against the hole the hum&nbsp;&nbsp; of a neighbor's generator and the howling of&nbsp; the wind creating a symphony that never truly&nbsp;&nbsp; ends add to that the occasional sound of the&nbsp; anchor chain shifting as the boat swings the&nbsp;&nbsp; crackle of underwater creatures living on your&nbsp; hall or the thud of the dingy bumping against&nbsp;&nbsp; the side and you've got a chorus of Life afloat&nbsp; sometimes these sounds are oddly comforting a&nbsp;&nbsp; reminder that you're living in harmony with nature&nbsp; other times especially when you're trying to sleep&nbsp;&nbsp; or Focus they'll drive you crazy over time you'll&nbsp; learn to adapt finding ways to embrace the noise&nbsp;&nbsp; or block it out when necessary securing&nbsp; the Howards with lines or bungee cords can&nbsp;&nbsp; eliminate some of the clatter while ear plugs or&nbsp; white noise can help drown out the rest in those&nbsp;&nbsp; rare moments of Stillness you'll come to deeply&nbsp; appreciate the serenity that life on the water can offer wow so if you're thinking about living on a&nbsp; sailboat it isn't easy every task is a challenge&nbsp;&nbsp; every day is an adventure but that's the beauty&nbsp; of it right now we're in the Boatyard immersed in&nbsp;&nbsp; the constant Buzz of grinding tools the smell&nbsp; of fresh epoxy and the chaos of repairs and&nbsp;&nbsp; upgrades it's a place where progress happens&nbsp; slowly but it's also where the heart of a boat&nbsp;&nbsp; life truly reveals itself amid the dust and the&nbsp; clamor you come to realize something profound a&nbsp;&nbsp; sailboat redefines what home means it's not&nbsp; confined to four walls or fixed address in&nbsp;&nbsp; said home becomes wherever you find peace whether&nbsp; you're anchored in a quiet Cove feeling the&nbsp;&nbsp; gentle sway of the boat beneath you or underway&nbsp; chasing Horizons and carving your path across&nbsp;&nbsp; the sea the boat yard may not feel glamorous&nbsp; but it's a part of the journey reminding you&nbsp;&nbsp; that home is not a place it's a feeling and it&nbsp; travels with you wherever the wind takes you

  Top Comments:
  1. @BeauAndBrandy [14 likes]: LIVEABOARDS... I know we forgot some, share your TOP hidden realities for all of those thinking about living this boat life.
  2. @davidrodgersNJ [4 likes]: um, nobody had to tell me the ocean doesn't care about my plans...I figured that out all by myself😆
  3. @dangitskatt [2 likes]: For the record.

Everyone who lives the boat life, keeps there youth far longer.
  4. @wingson8951 [1 likes]: O M G such a lovely video, Great info, and very very interesting way to explain things. I am really impressed. ❤ Tons of love from South Africa.
  5. @mobiltec [1 likes]: I don't sail any longer but just want to say that you make an excellent video.
  6. @StStephen5280 [1 likes]: Ok thanks for what I needed to know, now I’m going to buy a trawler 😂
  7. @MatthewTurner-bn5kp [1 likes]: What's your boat guys? Size and make?
  8. @Zakihadkort: My dream is to travel around the world by boat with a lovely wife (or girlfriend) and a dog.
  9. @freddienh: billionaire investments funds buying up most of the marina's = GREEDY PEOPLE INTENDING TO GOUGE THE LIVING HELL OUT OF BOAT OWNERS
  10. @ReoAard: Thanks
  11. @HershelPeppers: What a lovely video.
  12. @sailingsoluna: ❤❤
  13. @Freedom_alien: what a beautifully made video!!! cant wait til I get my boat. trying to sell my home now to live fully on a sailboat! So im Sweeping trought every sailboat movies i can 🤣🤣 So if you now about tips and triks videos for repairing, sailing and so on pleas let me know :D thanks
  14. @neilw5198: Water is probably number 1 biggest problem closely followed by rubbish... amazing how much we consume and adjust to be more frugal.
  15. @George_Clooney1: What kind of boat is that, I’m look to kind of change over and am looking for something nice
  16. @superodyssey4263: Good video but I'll have to skip living on a boat.
  17. @ClarkKent-i8i: Imagine being hangover on a sailboat? It doesn't sound too appealing lol.
  18. @dirt5547: So... sailing
  19. @twobrotherskayaking4736: I just sail on the Finger Lakes by day and sleep in my bed in my all brick house where I don’t even worry about storms!
  20. @michelleelliot2068: if none of the things you mentioned were obvious to you, you should not have done this and your boat, well I would not cross an ocean in it. As someone said to me once 'you can also cross the ocean in the contiki raft but it does mean you should.

- What Owning a Yacht Really Feels Like: Kind: captions Language: en You've seen the yachts, the sunsets, the champagne, the endless ocean. From the outside, it looks like freedom. It looks like a life without limits. But, here's something most people never notice. You never actually see the real life of a yacht owner. Not the full picture. Not the routine. Not the reality. And that is not an accident. It is a decision. Because the real life of yacht owners is not designed to be seen. It is designed to be protected. The first reason is simple. Privacy. But, not the kind people think about. This is not about avoiding attention. It is about controlling information. Ultra-wealthy individuals do not hide because they are secretive. They hide because visibility creates exposure. And exposure creates risk. When you own assets that move across borders, carry value, and operate in international waters, you are not just visible. You are trackable. And being trackable changes everything. A yacht is not just a lifestyle object. It is a moving environment. It reveals location, patterns, habits, timelines, who is on board, when they arrive, when they leave. That information is not harmless. In the wrong hands, it becomes leverage. This is why most real yacht owners do not post in real time. If something is shared, it is delayed, edited, filtered, disconnected from reality. Because the goal is not to show life, the goal is to control perception. There is another layer, security. And this this is where things become more serious. When people think about risk, they imagine theft. But for ultra-wealthy individuals, risk looks different. Kidnapping, targeting, piracy in certain regions, political exposure, business conflicts. A yacht concentrates value in one place. People, assets, decisions, all together. In the middle of the ocean. That makes it powerful, but also vulnerable. Professional security teams understand this, and their first rule is simple, reduce visibility, limit information flow, avoid patterns, never create predictability. This is why the lifestyle you see online is incomplete. Because the real one is intentionally hidden. Now, let's talk about something most people misunderstand, social media. What you see online is not yacht ownership. It is yacht marketing. Charter yachts, influencers, event footage, broker content. These are designed to attract attention, to sell an experience, not to reflect reality. The yachts you see full of people, music, and parties are often not privately used the way you think. They are operating as businesses. Short-term rotating guests constant turnover. That is not ownership. That is utilization. A privately owned yacht looks very different. Quieter. More controlled. Fewer people. More space. Less noise. Less content. Because the purpose is not entertainment. It is environment. And this leads to the third reason. Control. Yacht owners do not buy yachts for attention. They buy control. Control over time. Control over location. Control over access. Control over who enters their space. In most luxury environments, control is limited. Hotels, resorts, private clubs, even private aviation terminals. There are always variables. Other people. Staff. Unknown elements. A yacht removes those variables. It becomes a closed system. A place where everything is curated. Everything is intentional. Everything is predictable. And when you have that level of control, you stop needing to show it. Because the value is not external. It is internal. Now, let's talk about something even more interesting. Silence. In most industries, visibility equals success. More exposure means more opportunity. More attention means more influence. But at the highest level of wealth, this reverses. Silence becomes status. The less visible you are, the more powerful you often are. Because it means you do not need validation. You do not need attention. You do not need an audience. And yachts fit perfectly into this philosophy. They are not designed to be seen. They are designed to be used. This is why many of the most expensive yachts in the world are almost never photographed, never posted, never discussed. They exist quietly, far from the algorithm, far from the public. Another reason is business. A yacht is not just a place to relax. It is a place where decisions happen. Private meetings, negotiations, partnerships, strategic conversations. These are not moments that can be recorded. They are not content. They are confidential. And the value of those conversations often exceeds the value of the yacht itself. So, the idea of showing everything does not make sense in that context. Now, consider this. If someone constantly shows their yacht life online, there is a high probability that they do not fully own the environment or the environment is part of a business model or the content itself is the goal because real ownership does not need It needs protection. This does not mean everything you see is fake. It means it is selective, curated, designed, and that distinction matters because it changes how you interpret luxury. Luxury is not what is shown. It is what is hidden. And the yacht is one of the clearest examples of this. From the outside, it looks like freedom. But from the inside, it is structure, discipline, control, and above all, distance. Distance from noise. Distance from unpredictability. Distance from everything that cannot be controlled. This is why the real life of yacht owners remain invisible. Not because it is less interesting, but because it is more valuable. And the more valuable something is, the less likely it is to be shown. Because at that level, the goal is not to be seen. It is to remain in control.

- Affordable Yachts You Can Actually Buy in 2026! 🚤 Under $50K, $100K & $300K (UK & US): Kind: captions Language: en Hey everyone, welcome back to the channel. Today we're doing something a little different. We're talking about yachts. I know, I know it sounds crazy, right? But hear me out. We're not talking about those massive luxury liners that only billionaires can afford. We're diving into the world of affordable yachts. That's right. You don't need to be a millionaire to enjoy life on the open water. Whether you're on a tight budget or looking to splurge a little, we've got you covered with some awesome yacht options under $50,000, $100,000, and $300,000. We'll break down the features, costs, and everything else you need to know to make your dream of owning a yacht a reality. So, grab your life vests because things are about to get nautical up in here. Let's set sail and explore the world of affordable yachts. [Music] All right, first up, let's talk about those hidden gems you can snag for under $50,000. Now, I'm not going to lie, you're not going to find a mega yacht in this price range, but you can definitely find a sweet little vessel to cruise around on. Think of it as the Honda Civic of the sea. Reliable, affordable, and gets you where you need to go. One boat that comes to mind is the Catalina 27. This classic sailboat is super popular for a reason. It's got a spacious cabin that can sleep up to six people, which is perfect for weekend getaways with friends or family. Plus, it's known for being easy to handle and maintain, even for beginner sailor. When it comes to operating costs, the Catalina 27 is surprisingly affordable. You're looking at things like fuel, maintenance, and insurance, which will vary depending on where you live and how often you use the boat. But on average, you can expect to spend around $2,000 to $3,000 per year. Now, let's talk parking. You can usually find a slip at a marina for around $100 to $200 per month, depending on the location and amenities. But if you're on a tight budget, you can always look into dry storage, which is way cheaper. So, there you have it. A solid yacht option for under $50,000. It's proof that you don't need to be a millionaire to enjoy the freedom and adventure of sailing. All right, so you've got a little more cash to splash. Let's crank things up a notch and check out some awesome yachts under $100,000. Now, we're talking about some serious upgrades. More space, more features, and maybe even a fancy sound system to blast those nautical tunes. One yacht that caught my eye in this price range is the Bento Oceanis 31. This sleek and stylish sailboat is perfect for those who want a little more comfort and performance on the water. It's got a spacious cockpit, a comfortable saloon, and two cabins that can sleep up to six people. Plus, it's known for its smooth handling and impressive speed. Now, let's talk about the fun stuff features. The Bento Ocean 31 comes with a bunch of cool stuff like a chart plotter, autopilot, and even a built-in barbecue grill. Talk about living the good life. And if you're feeling really fancy, you can always add some upgrades like a generator or air conditioning. Of course, with a bigger boat comes slightly higher operating costs. You're looking at around $4,000 to $6,000 per year for fuel, maintenance, and insurance. But hey, you're getting a lot more bat for your buck. As for parking, you can expect to pay around $200 to $400 per month for a slip at a marina, depending on the location. But again, dry storage is always an option if you're trying to save some dough. So, there you have it. The Benetto Oanis 31, a fantastic yacht that proves you can have luxury and affordability in one sweet package. All right, now it's time to step into the big leagues yachts under $300,000. We're talking about pure luxury, folks. Spacious cabins, state-of-the-art features, and enough room to host the ultimate onwater party. One yacht that screams luxury in this price range is the Sea Sundancer 320. This beauty is a head turner with its sleek design, spacious cockpit, and luxurious interior. It's got everything you need to cruise in style, including a comfortable saloon, a welle equipped galley, and two cabins that can sleep up to six people. But wait, there's more. The CRA Sundancer 320 comes loaded with features like a GPS, a sound system, and a swim platform. And if you really want to take things to the next level, you can add options like a generator, air conditioning, and even a satellite TV system. Talk about living the high life. Now, let's be real. Owning a yacht of this caliber does come with a higher price tag. You're looking at around $8,000 to $12,000 per year for operating costs like fuel, maintenance, and insurance. But hey, you're getting a taste of the millionaire lifestyle. As for parking, you can expect to pay a premium for a slip at a fancy marina. We're talking around $500 to $800 per month. But come on, you're parking a Sea Ray Sundancer 320. You got to look the part. So, there you have it. The CRA Sundancer 320, a luxurious yacht that proves you can live the dream without breaking the bank. And there you have it, folks. Three awesome yacht options at different price points to prove that you don't open water. From the affordable and practical Catalina 27 to the luxurious and stylish CRA Sundancer 320, there's a yacht out there for everyone. So, what are you waiting for? Start planning your next adventure and get ready to set sail in style. And hey, if you do decide to buy one of these beauties, let me know. Maybe we can even film a video on it. Thanks for watching. If you enjoyed this video, don't forget to like, subscribe, and hit the bell icon for more awesome content.

  Top Comments:
  1. @tomecsc [11 likes]: Images of the yachts you are talking about would be handy
  2. @koppersrailroad [1 likes]: You can find a marina for $100 - $200...????
Not on this planet.
  3. @PowerUpYtOfficial: Please subscribe to me ❤❤❤
  4. @whoremembers-tp: Would be better if actually showing the vessel being described.
  5. @RobertJolleyMarried: You need to stay on the boat that you are talking about.

- How to buy a cheap Yacht: Kind: captions Language: en got a new boat baby and it cost us half the price is our last one what's happening is I got up at six o'clock this morning why because I gotta go fly halfway across the state to go inspect the boat we're trying to buy check the oil check the water check the transmission fluid you got it it's an exciting day why we're going to buy a new boat baby and I've been without one for months now and it's the only Escape I have from all you people now if we weren't paying double interest rates right now and the stock market wasn't killing us we'd be buying something like that baby we could have bought this we could have bought that we could have bought that look at that that's a hell of a boat that's the one I'm gonna hopefully retire on budget baby budget don't live above your budget thanks to today's financial situation we're buying that you see this boat here this boat brand new will cost you probably close to eight million dollars we're gonna buy for 1.8 this boat is gorgeous it's a 84 foot mayora from Italy this boat only has 800 hours on it only had one owner never chartered it's perfect for us and the price is right baby before you buy a boat you absolutely positively definitely have to have a professional survey company come in and check every single thing on that boat today we're gonna pull the boat out of the water we're gonna make sure the hole's in good shape and hopefully we won't find any issues and we'll be selling before you know it [Music] thank you I don't know much but it looks pretty rough out of the water but it's hard to tell you know more it's not the looks it's more about the Integrity structures integrity that's why I have experts here this guy's an expert this guy's an expert I don't know anything about this stuff you got to hire people that know all about this stuff how much is this expected of it well you know we're going to pay the surveyors they're going to go through every single thing on the boat down to the TVs the toaster everything so that's an inspection and then we pay and have the boat hole out the water so you know the whole things ended up costing me a couple few grand but it's worth it because they're going to tell me every single thing that's wrong with this boat this way we know what we're walking into whole park is definitely a really good shape is it yeah it's good to hear yeah definitely looking at getting the bottom job probably first thing well definitely these bottom page prop speed it's in a circle you drew nothing to worry about um two spots on about this size I think just trace the back but it's not going to sink okay okay the ladies first jump ladies first jumps uit thank you she can about all this she don't like I don't care I'm go I'm good now first cigarette on the boat christening the boat look at that the last boat didn't have that automatic come on in the seating pretend 11. this table goes up so you can use it to eat on how do you close it Carla's one out of two favorite rooms the bar this is my galley this is where she bends most of her time the wine rack and her bar ice maker glasses nice lights up plenty storage space and here's Carla's office look at that she gets a sink she gets a fridge she gets the oven the microwave built in all right so that's the main level you want to go downstairs his and her bedrooms baby this will be my bedroom king size bed closets across the hall look at that bathroom I fit through the door watch it I don't think Alex could window so I could smoke you're definitely not smoking in here yes I am I got windows I can smoke in this room no you're not you can open those windows no you better not now let's see Carla's bedroom welcome to my bedroom look because it's got the red wool why why did you say that boat has two Master State rooms one for the master and one for the sub Master well I'm gonna remove that nope nope no we're not doing nothing yeah we are is it stool plenty of drawer space plenty of closet oh look here and I found it right next to your room what a combo washer dryer next boat will have an elevator now we show you where we keep the kitlins Aaron's room Aaron's got a nice bedroom TV behind the door perfect what do you think about the boat do you really want me to tell you what I really think no you don't want anything you would say I'm a spoiled brat everything she needs a bar and a kitchen and you don't need nothing else good because I'm going to need a lot of alcohol in this bowl you know what's great about this boat the top deck has outdoor and indoor we are now in the Sky Lounge even comes with its own bathroom look at that so if the weather's not that great you can go inside you got a big grill right here you got to place the lounge I mean you're on the top baby we're on top I never had a boat with a Sky Lounge and you can open up the windows so you can have air come through too so it's like indoor outdoor up look what he's doing we're about driving a boat oh that's that's Wireless good thing he played with a lot of toys when he was a kid yay everybody's got their fingers and toes it was a good trip everybody boat check Marine surveyors right here we have Victor Louise all right so how we doing we're basically you're going to go through everything you've been on this boat a couple of days now yeah you're going to give me this big report showing you checked every little thing down to the toaster every toilet every TV everything every nook and cranny of this thing yep it's a good boat a couple little issues every used boat needs stuff done he's gonna find he found some issues we saw the bottom of the boat we hold it out the water we know we need certain things and he's going to put a report together and then we're gonna you know look over the report and see what we got to do but never buy a boat without a surveyor don't ever do that I'm gonna go buy some art and hang it in my boat speaking of art let's talk about our sponsor Masterworks if there's one thing to know about me it said I'll go through Helen high water to find a deal ever since I posted that video with my friends at Masterworks the art investing company you guys have been beating my door down but the question I'm getting asked the most is how the hell does a piece of art get a 32 percent return so let's dig into one example to show you exactly how they do it this is banksy's Mona Lisa they Source this painting because they got Wicked smart data nerds they use their proprietary database they're the only ones who have it then they make the right offer at the right time and boom and because they're world famous and one of the largest art bars in the world they can reach the right buyer at the exactly the right time so as for this Bank painting they sold it for an absolutely nuts 1.5 million dollars that's a 32 percent net return for Masterworks investors even a high roll like me couldn't just walk in somewhere and get a deal like this that's why you need Masterworks it's their relationships and access that's how Masterworks has sold 45 million dollars worth of art so far and distributed the net proceeds straight to their investors probably including some of you they launched another Banksy recently and it sold out in minutes so if you're gonna sit back and wait for the market to get back to normal go right ahead but when you're ready to roll with the big dogs and join me at Masterworks just go ahead and click that link in the description thank you Masterworks for sponsoring this video now let's go see what's up with Ben Jr and get an update on the new building hopefully he'll finish it and fill it up with tenants change orders change orders change orders why do we have change orders because stuff's always changing and so what does that cost money money money money here we are week 13 of our new construction project what's going on what are we doing here today look at it it's done all right it's not done done but it's almost done I got four bathrooms I got walls we got insulation Windows coming in I mean we're almost is done I just got off the phone with the contractor and he told me that we're 30 days away from being done so since the last video we've poured concrete we've put in framing we put on a roof we ran electrical we ran safety lighting we ran Plumbing we've done a lot the only issue we had so far is yesterday we had an inspection scheduled for all this insulation okay because the building has to be insulated but the wind came through here around three o'clock and pulled all the insulation off the walls so that's why there's a bunch of missing insulation on the walls right now the inspector came by and said nah failed so mine are set back but it'll get resolved this is called ISO board okay look at that Miami-Dade County approved you know why because Miami has the stringest hurricane codes in the State of Florida okay so they build everything to that code not only do we put the iso board this brick right here is filled with home you can actually see the foam coming out of the walls okay basically this is so smooth now that the tenant can basically come in here and use a diamond grade buffer and buff this thing out to a beautiful floor they don't even have to put laminate or tile or anything you know this is what professional Builders produce I mean look how smooth and level it is and how clean the construction site is if we were running this construction site there'd be everywhere thank God we hired a professional this is the bathrooms all right this is two Ada handicap accessible bathrooms why are they Ada because you can come in here and you can do a five foot circle it goes underneath the sink okay so under that counts so five foot circle makes this thing 88. this is open ceiling we're leaving it just like this no drop ceilings going in here it's going to be very cool modern industrial looking 10 it'll Paint It Black it'll be nice in inside the bathrooms required by code is drop ceiling okay because all the fumes and everything have to go to a certain area and exit the building right you can't just linger out there so that's why you have to put a drop ceiling in there all right let me show you guys the other space I feel like I'm on MTV Cribs let me show you my house let me show you my building this is our qsr our drive through quick service restaurant okay when you walk in here there should be a counter right here then you're gonna walk over here you're going to be seating and tables and all right here there'll be like a bar that you can sit at then you walk back here to the bathroom Okay because nobody wants to look at a bathroom while they're eating so I designed this thinking turn the bathroom put it here away from everybody nobody wants to be sitting down eating watching come out of the bathroom it just makes the whole experience bad it'll be a double water fountain really nice against their Ada and these are where the rtus are going the rooftop units okay so ACS are going to be sitting on top of that blowing cold air in here or heat this is their electrical run and we put extra pipes in case they wanted to put extra stuff out there okay so all these pipes go down in the ground and then over to there but I put a lot of extra pipes so they can have menu boards they can have intercom systems cameras whatever they need okay they can have but because I don't know who's going in here yet the city will not give me a certificate of completion with this hole so the city is not going to give us our certificate of completion because of this big hole in the building all right I don't have a window for here all right I was going to put a really nice expensive window for the old tenant but that window is super expensive so so I said forget that window I don't know what the new tenant's gonna want because what if they want their window over here what if they just want this space as a window so we got rid of that and now we're just going to block it up let the tenant tell me what type of window they want in there and I'll give them a credit so basically we're ripping up all this asphalt because we're going to pour new asphalt to make the drainage system so that the top of this building drains all the way down to this parking lot because right now this is lower than over there okay so I have to raise all this and move it see this this is extra money that's all extra money for no reason I shouldn't have built that I should have just stuccoed it probably 100 to 200 Grand so I I didn't value engineer but it's done it's overweight we'll have a really nice building we were going to dig in the ground and put a storm drain all the way in and leave all this concrete the same right but the storm drain costs more than just raising the level of all this concrete because you got to go have the storm drain made from somewhere they have to ship it they got to put it in they got to dig the ground they got to do all the plumbing it's just more expensive so it was easier just to have the site crew raise the level of the ground we were tearing it up anyway what's next you see all this this is scaffolding what they're going to do is they're going to surround this whole building with scaffolding now and they're going to lay on the nichiha some nice cool brick on the outside basically and in 30 days we should be finito done I mean everything's been pretty smooth I haven't had any major issues except for losing the tenant I mean losing that tenant was a hard blow I mean this building was scheduled to start producing income at a certain date now that date's going to be pushed back so you know I got expenses on building this thing and that money is being borrowed we're not just pulling it out of our tush we're borrowing it okay and that money costs money the only thing I gotta rent out is that space so what did I do I put it on Loop net I put it on craigsy and what happened I got six Lois in 30 days we go to those people and we say hey we'd like you to remove your ti your price per square foot is too low there's just terms that we work with them and what we try to do is we try to get everybody on the same terms because if I can get everybody on the same terms then it's about picking who I want some of them are National tenants from around the whole United States and they want to be here because we're next to the Raymond James Stadium that's it we'll pick which tenant we want to do and hopefully the next time come give you guys the next update I'll have an update saying I rented the space what are you gonna do go to bitmel.com shop console with Ben get me on the phone let's talk about your next move all right we brought this boat down in Stuart Florida we're going to take this boat about 80 to 100 miles and park it at Vincent's house in Fort Lauderdale nice ladder listen lady you're the stew and stew will do what I tell you to do yeah okay there goes the emergency uh Stacks there's different there's turkey ham Hannah time yeah she don't like to give me no options first class baby I only got one no no I'm on a diet I don't want any of those vegetables the boat ran smooth and it ran fast the way I like it foreign we made it we're here we got a boat and back of the house again this boat fits perfectly we got enough clearance on each side of the setbacks it's not too wide it's got enough water under it we're gonna take this summer we're gonna go everywhere we can with this boat we're going to cruise the whole Bahamas we're gonna head down to the Keys first stop Bimini look at all that storage we got in there you could put it up a small boat in there if you want I'm very happy you know why I'm happy because we stole it she wanted to buy four or five million dollar boats the one we first bought was three million we sold it before the second one we bought for three and a half we sold them for the same money and this baby here I'm in this thing for under a million 770. got a budget these are the times we live in we can't have no big fancy expensive boat but I found a steal this boat only had one owner never chartered and only has 800 hours on it and it's beautiful here's the boat keeper he is what you call the master baiter whenever he goes fishing here it is you've never seen him before have you let me tell you something about this boat you know the best thing about this boat is it's half the price of the last one and it's got more amenities this is a man's yacht it's bigger I'm gonna have to charge you more doctor where's your room right there hey what about that door that goes inside you can get through that door of course my neighbors are going to be happy they don't have to watch me walk around my backyard in my boxers anymore subscribe watch another video hit the like button and support our sponsors adios amigos

  Top Comments:
  1. @BenMallah [84 likes]: Skip the waitlist and invest in blue-chip art for the very first time by signing up for Masterworks: 
https://www.masterworks.art/benmallah
Purchase shares in great masterpieces from artists like Pablo Picasso, Banksy, Andy Warhol, and more! 🎨
Disclaimer link: https://masterworks.art/bmdisclaimer
Talk to Ben over the phone! https://benmallah.com/product/consult_with_ben/
Instagram https://www.instagram.com/realbenmallah
TikTok https://www.tiktok.com/@benmallahmoments
Twitter https://twitter.com/ben_mallah 
Facebook https://www.facebook.com/Ben-Mallah-Life-for-Sale-103937901448760
Spotify https://open.spotify.com/album/7xQOjAs8SvW9gUWG80y4sZ
Merch https://ben-mallah-life-for-sale.creator-spring.com
  2. @oshkoshbegone [1 likes]: Whats the point of these Yachts, you are indoors in cramped spaces on the water, seems pointless.
  3. @ALink2Zelda [1 likes]: yolo hope everyone is doing great
  4. @brianrennison3794: Get off the show Ben Jr you daddy wanna be
  5. @allenwilmot6313: Like videos ❤❤❤❤❤migmaw Listuguj Quebec Canada reservation welin nitap
  6. @jrvegaboston: 0:46 a Horizon FD 😍
  7. @Stockguy-k3o: If it 's anything like Italian cars...it will spend more time broken than running.  Just saying.
  8. @hitmanpty: Hi Ben. I want to buy a $65,000 boat to live a bord.  1970 chris craft. Constellation. Need a litte of love. Im handy i can do most of the work. But there is a small problem. Im broke. My question. How can i make those $65 k. Any advice. Im living with my Mother to old for a Bank load. Help me out here.
  9. @redskins17084: Ben Jr. is a great Asset to the Company
  10. @jaredwhite489: Every episode is him buy in a new boat
  11. @M0DB0Y: That's the superyacht repomarket baby...
  12. @AJYZF1R2010: Health is shot but nice boat tho😂
  13. @The_Paint_Father: Get your paint surveyed by a level 3 NACE / AMPP guy.
  14. @franciscoquinonez1602: Instead of crips should be called builds
  15. @tubeyou6794: This guy ended up screwing him and didn't do a good inspection
  16. @Mike_Y.: Rad yacht
  17. @enigmafarms: This guy is my spirit animal.
  18. @thierrymenudier9379: nice boat Ben, what kind of boat it is?
  19. @silverado500: No such thing as a ''cheap'' yacht.
  20. @xvgwhalevvs.diamonds3281: Been looking at yachts a long time, that sky lounge is sick, this is a super yacht to most people. No disrespect to your lady, but no matter how rich I get, I will never date a women who has that high of standards. I'll aim for the 120 foot feadership budget in terms of hopes and dreams of career, but I'll only date a women who would feel rich on a 30 foot boat(and if we do better, would only be more impressed, like with a 1985 80 foot broward would feel like a saudi princess). The type of gal impressed by a Jr Suite at an inclusive resort for $200 a night. If she got such caviar taste to the that a boat like that isn't a panty soaker, like no thanks. Odd to be critical, since women are somewhat like used boats themselves. They're expensive to keep, require a lot of maintenance, don't look as good as they used to, don't work when you want them too, have been full of a lot of different sea men, and require a lot of maintenance.

- Top 7 Affordable Motor Yachts That You Can Live On: Kind: captions Language: en Have you ever dreamed of waking up to the gentle sound of water lapping against your hull? Sipping morning coffee while watching the sunrise over the marina? Living aboard a yacht isn't just for millionaires anymore. Today, I'm sharing seven affordable motor yachts that can become your floating home. And you won't believe how reasonable some of these prices are. We're talking classic vessels from the 1970s through the 1990s that offer genuine live aboard comfort without the insane price tags of modern yachts. From cozy 35-footers perfect for couples to spacious houseboats with residential amenities, there's something here for every budget and lifestyle. And here's a teaser. The yacht at number one on our list can be yours for less than the cost of a used car. And it comes with a solid fiberglass hull that's built to last, but it does require a bit of elbow grease. Stick around to find out which classic beauty I'm talking about. Let's cast off and explore these affordable floating homes. Starting at number seven, we have the most expensive vessel on our list, but hear me out because the Carver 405 aft cabin motor yacht delivers tremendous value for what you're getting. Late 1990s models typically run between $90,000 and $120,000, which is still a fraction of what you'd pay for a comparable new yacht. This is a genuine 40-footer, giving you significantly more living space than the smaller yachts we'll discuss later. She's powered by twin 7.4 4 L Mer Cruiser Mag Horizon inboard engines pumping out 370 horsepower each. That's serious power. We're talking cruising speeds up to 25 mph. For a yacht this size, that's impressive performance. Here's what sets the 405 apart. You get two private staterooms and two full heads. The aft stateateroom features a queen island bed. That's a bed you can walk around on three sides with its own on suite head. Privacy, comfort, and convenience all in one package. The forward stateroom offers a double berth with an adjacent guest head nearby. This layout is perfect if you're planning to have guests aboard or if you want dedicated spaces for different activities. Maybe one cabin becomes your bedroom while the other serves as an office or workout space. The possibilities are endless. The fly bridge is where this yacht really shines. It seats four to six guests comfortably and includes a built-in wet bar. Imagine hosting sunset cocktails up there with friends, the wind in your hair, watching boats come and go from the marina. The aft deck also features a wet bar, so you've got entertainment covered both upstairs and down. Step into the salon, and you're greeted by large windows that flood the space with natural light. There's an L-shaped couch perfect for lounging, an entertainment center for movie nights, and a genuine sense of spaciousness you just don't find in smaller vessels. The galley is equipped like a real kitchen. Full-size refrigerator, microwave, electric cooktop, and plenty of counter space for meal prep. If you love cooking, you'll appreciate having proper appliances instead of the tiny RV style units found in many boats. Now, let's be honest about the downsides. At $90,000 to this is a significant investment, the highest on our list. The twin gas engines, while powerful, are less fuel efficient than diesels. You'll pay more at the pump, especially if you cruise frequently. Older models may need modernization. Think updated upholstery, electronics, maybe some gel coat work. But if you're willing to put in some effort or budget for professional work, you can transform a good boat into a great live aboard home. Despite being the priciest option, the 405 offers something the others can't. Genuine space for full-time living with room for guests. If your budget allows and you want a yacht that feels like a floating apartment, this is worth every penny. Coming in at number six is the innovative Silverton 351 sedan. Also marketed as the 35 convertible. Built between 1997 and 2003, these boats typically sell for $50,000 to $70,000 today. Silverton introduced something clever with the 351, the sidewalk design. Instead of narrow side decks that make moving around the boat precarious, especially at night or in rough water, Silverton created molded steps that rise from the cockpit to the for deck. This design frees up interior width, giving you an apartment-siz salon inside. Think about it. Traditional boats waste valuable interior space on those skinny side decks. Silverton said, "Why not use that space inside where you actually live?" The result is a surprisingly roomy salon for a 35- ft vessel. She's powered by twin 320 horsepower gasoline V drives that cruise comfortably at 14 to 16 knots. Not lightning fast, but perfectly adequate for coastal cruising and moving between marinas. The semiplaning hole design gives you decent speed when you want it and reasonable fuel economy when you don't. That full width salon really makes a difference. You've got an apartment-sized galley with ample counter space, storage, and full-size appliances. There's room to actually cook proper meals, not just heat up canned soup. The forward stateroom features a queen berth, giving you proper sleeping comfort. No more cramming into a V-birth that's wide at the shoulders, but pinches your feet. The enclosed head includes a separate shower, a luxury on a boat this size. The fly bridge offers good seating with excellent visibility for running the boat or just enjoying the view. Those sidewalk steps also make getting on and off the boat safer, which matters when you're carrying groceries or stepping aboard in wet conditions. One limitation compared to twler style boats is storage. The semiplaning hold design prioritizes speed and interior volume over massive storage holds. You'll need to be thoughtful about what you bring aboard. But for most liabs, the interior space more than compensates. The gas engines mean higher fuel costs than diesels, and the older hull design can pound in rough seas. This isn't an offshore passage maker. Stick to protected waters and coastal cruising. At $50,000 to $70,000, the Silverton 351 offers excellent value. You get a unique design that maximizes livable space, good performance, and a comfortable layout. For couples or small families wanting to live aboard in style, this is a smart choice. Sliding into the middle of our list at number five is a classic, the ChrisCraft 350 Catalina from the mid1 1980s. These beautiful double cabin cruisers typically sell for $25,000 to $35,000, making them one of the more affordable options we'll discuss today. Chriscraft is one of the most respected names in American boat building, and the 350 Catalina represents their craftsmanship from that era. This was one of the most popular double cabin cruisers of its time. And when you step aboard, you'll understand why. At 35 ft long with a 13 ft beam, the Catalina offers two full staterooms, one head, a full galley, and a fly bridge that seats more than eight people. That's serious entertaining space. Picture hosting a small party up on the bridge. Everyone can sit comfortably while you're anchored in a quiet cove. Step below and you'll find an L-shaped seti in the salon that's perfect for lounging with a book or entertaining guests. The wood interior showcases that classic ChrisCraft attention to detail, though you may need to do some refinishing depending on the boat's condition. The galley is impressive for a boat this age. Four-burner stove and a convection oven. Not many mid1980s boats came with convection ovens. This means you can actually bake bread, pizza, casserles, whatever you like. For someone living aboard who enjoys cooking, this is fantastic. Both stateaterooms are genuinely spacious, not the cramped cubby holes you sometimes find in older boats. You can use one as your master bedroom and the other as a guest room, office, or storage space. The forward stateroom gets good natural light from deck hatches, keeping it from feeling cavelike. There's only one head, which means if you have guests staying over, everyone's sharing facilities. It's not a dealbreaker, but it's worth knowing. Also, like most boats of this vintage, she's powered by gas engines. The original listing mentions twin 5.7 L Crusader gasoline engines that cruise around 17 mph with a top speed around 25 mph. Performance is good, but you'll pay more for fuel than with diesels. The wood interior, while beautiful, may need refinishing. Varnish work is therapeutic for some people and tedious for others. Know which camp you're in before buying. Parts are readily available since Chriscraft was a major manufacturer, which helps with maintenance and upgrades. At $25,000 to $35,000, the Chriscraft 350 Catalina offers classic styling, two large cabins, great entertaining space, and that legendary Chriscraft build quality. If you appreciate traditional boats with character, and don't mind a little project work, this is an excellent value. Now, we're getting into something completely different. At number four, we have the Gibson 42- FFT housebo from the 1970s through 1990s with prices ranging from $35,000 to $50,000 depending on age and condition. Let's be clear, houseboats aren't designed to cross oceans. They're happiest in lakes, rivers, and protected coastal waters. But what they sacrifice in seaorthiness, they more than make up for in livability. We're talking apartment-like space at a fraction of the cost of a waterfront condo. One 1973 Gibson 42 listed for $49,000 came with a 30,000 BTU furnace, dual air conditioners, and a full-size refrigerator freezer. Not a marine fridge, a full-size residential unit. You've got room for groceries like you would in an actual apartment. The layout typically includes a queen bed in the master stateateroom, a full galley with a proper stove and oven, and living areas that feel genuinely spacious. Gibson 42s typically feature three decks, a main living deck, an upper deck for sunbathing and entertaining, and often a small front deck. This gives you outdoor living space that other boats simply can't match. Want to set up a full outdoor dining area? No problem. Want lounge chairs for sunbathing? Plenty of room. These boats are powered by twin Chrysler 318 engines rated at 225 horsepower each. They cruise at 7 to 8 knots. Not fast, but perfectly adequate for moving between anchorages or marinas. You're not buying a housebo to race. You're buying it to live comfortably. Houseboats have a high profile, which means wind can push you around more than a lowprofile cruiser. Docking in crosswinds requires patience and skill. Some marinas restrict or prohibit houseboats, so you'll need to do your homework about where you can keep it. The shallow draft is great for rivers and lakes, but limits your offshore options. Older models may need hull work, especially if they've sat in the water for decades without proper maintenance. If your goal is comfortable living space rather than long-distance cruising, a Gibson 42 houseboat offers unbeatable value. Where else can you get two bedrooms, full kitchen, dual climate control, and multiple entertainment decks for $35,000 to $50,000? You'd pay more for a used RV with less space. Jumping up to number three, we have the CRA 340 sedan bridge from the mid1 1980s. This is where things get really interesting from a value perspective. We're talking $18,000 to $30,000 depending on condition. One 1985 model listed at just $19,900 was specifically marketed as ideal for a small family or full-time leverboard. At that price point, this is cheaper than many used cars. Yet, you get a 34 ft yacht with actual living accommodations. The CRA 340 sedan bridge features an open salon with lots of windows. Natural light makes any space feel larger and more inviting. The design includes a walkaround birth forward, meaning you can actually walk on both sides of the bed. No more crawling over your partner to get up in the middle of the night. There's a convertible dinette that serves as your dining area and can transform into additional sleeping space if needed. The galley is functional with the essentials, stove, sink, and refrigerator. With a beam of 11 ft 11 in, the C-Ray manages to feel surprisingly spacious for a 34-footer. You're not constantly bumping into things or feeling claustrophobic. The layout flows well from salon to galley to stateoom. Twin gas inboards producing about 270 horsepower each give you plenty of power. She cruises at 20 knots and tops out near 24 knots. That's genuinely fast for a boat of this type. You can cover ground quickly when moving between locations. The 340 carries 250 gall of fuel, 40 gall of fresh water, and 28 gall of waste capacity. The fuel capacity is generous. The water capacity is more modest. You'll need to be mindful of water usage if you're anchored out, but for marina living with shore hookups, it's perfectly adequate. One advantage of an older, simpler boat is maintenance costs. There's no complicated electronics to fail, no elaborate systems to troubleshoot. basic mechanical systems that any competent marine mechanic can service. This keeps your operating cost down. At this price point, expect to do some cosmetic work. Think new cushions, updated curtains, maybe fresh paint in the galley. The smaller water tank means you're more dependent on marina facilities or frequent fill-ups. The fly bridge has limited headroom. Not a huge issue unless you're very tall, but worth mentioning. And like all the gas powered boats on our list, fuel costs will be higher than diesel equivalents. At $18,000 to $30,000, the CRA 340 sedan bridge offers incredible bang for your buck. You get manageable size, good performance, an open airy layout, and the CRA name, which means parts availability and a good reputation. For someone on a tight budget who wants to live aboard now rather than saving for years, this is a fantastic option. In the runner-up position at number two, we have the Carver 350 Mariner from the 1990s. These 35- ft flybridge cruisers typically run $50,000 to $60,000 for mid1990s examples, and they've earned a loyal following among liab. Here's what makes the Carver 350 Mariner special, the single level interior. Most boats force you to climb up and down companionway stairs constantly. The Mariner puts everything on one main level, which feels remarkably like a small apartment. For anyone with mobility concerns or anyone who just appreciates convenience, this is a huge plus. The salon occupies the full beam of the boat, giving you maximum interior width. Wraparound windows flood the space with natural light and provide panoramic views of your surroundings. There's an L-shaped couch that's genuinely comfortable for relaxing, entertaining, or watching TV. The open galley features an electric stove, microwave, and refrigerator. Everything positioned conveniently without feeling cramped. You can cook while still being part of the conversation in the salon. The forward master stateateroom gives you real privacy. The door closes, creating a separate bedroom, just like in a house. You're not sleeping on a converted dinette or in an open space. This is a dedicated bedroom. This might not sound exciting, but trust me, having an enclosed head with a separate shower is a luxury on a boat. You're not standing in the toilet compartment trying to shower. There's actual separation between the facilities. Showering feels civilized, not like you're contorting yourself in a phone booth. The Mariner comes with air conditioning, making it suitable for year- round living, even in warm climates. The combination of good insulation and AC means you can be comfortable whether you're in Florida in August or the Bahamas year round. The Flybridge is genuinely expansive, one of the best features of this design. The integrated steps from the fly bridge to the for deck are genius. Most boats make you navigate narrow side decks to get forward, which can be sketchy when wet or at night. The Mariner's integrated steps are safe, stable, and easy. Because there are no narrow side decks, all that space goes to the interior. It's a smart design compromise that prioritizes livability over traditional boat aesthetics. Storage is thoughtful throughout the boat. Overhead cabinets, underbirth storage, galley cabinets. There's room for your belongings without feeling like you're playing Tetris every time you put something away. Gas engines mean higher fuel costs compared to diesels. At around 300 total horsepower, she cruises at 15 to 18 knots, which is respectable, but not blazing fast. Older boats may need maintenance on plumbing or electrical systems. This is true of any 1990s vessel. Budget for upgrades and preventive maintenance. The Carver 350 Mariner ranks second because it nails the liverboard experience. The single- level layout, full beam salon, proper bedroom, good bathroom, and expansive fly bridge add up to comfortable full-time living. At $50,000 to $60,000, it's affordable for many budgets while still delivering quality and comfort. It's not number one only because our top pick offers an even better value if you're willing to put in some work. And here we are at number one, the Hatteris 41 double cabin from the 1960s through 1970s. Now, before you worry about buying a boat from the Johnson administration, hear me out. Project boats from this era can be had for as little as $5,000 to $20,000. And fully restored examples might fetch more. Hatteris earned their reputation building offshore fishing boats and cruisers that could handle serious seas. These are not flimsy production boats. We're talking solid fiberglass construction that stood the test of time. A well-maintained Hatteris hull from the 1960s can be as sound as many boats built decades later. Let's be brutally honest. At $5,000 to $20,000, you're buying a project boat. One 1964 Hatteris double cabin was offered for $5,000 with twin international diesel engines. One rebuilt in 2008. The listing emphasized the solid hull and 200gal fuel capacity. These boats typically need extensive restoration. Think rewiring, replplumbing, interior refinishing, and possibly mechanical work. But here's the thing. If you're handy, patient, and have more time than money, a Hatteris project can become your dream live aboard at a fraction of normal costs. Unlike most boats on our list, early Hatteris boats often came with diesel engines. Diesels are more fuel efficient, longerlasting, and generally more reliable than gas engines. This boat cruises at 8 knots and can reach about 14 knots. Not fast, but reasonable for a displacement hull of this vintage. The 200gal fuel capacity gives you serious range. At 8 knots burning maybe three 4 gall per hour, you could potentially cover 400 500 nautical miles between Phillips. The double cabin layout provides generous spaces both for and aft. The 41 ft length gives you room to actually live, not just exist. Two separate sleeping areas mean privacy for couples or space for guests and family. There's something special about owning a classic Hatteress. These boats have character and history. The teak woodwork, traditional styling, and solid construction represent a bygone era of boat building when quality mattered more than quarterly profits. This is not a turnkey liboard. Systems will likely be old or non-functional. The interior probably needs complete renovation. Electrical and plumbing systems may need total replacement. But consider this. A skilled DIYer can transform a $10,000 project Hatteris into a $50,000 Livabboard with sweat equity. There are entire online communities dedicated to restoring classic boats, offering advice, part sources, and encouragement. At 8 knots, this isn't a boat for people in a hurry. But for living aboard in a marina or slow coastal cruising, speed doesn't matter. You're living at the pace the ocean intends. Slow, steady, and connected to the rhythm of the sea. The Hatteris 41 double cabin tops our list because it offers the absolute best value for someone willing to invest time and effort. Where else can you get a 41 ft solid fiberglass yacht with diesel power, spacious accommodations, and legendary build quality for $5,000 to $20,000? Yes, it's a project. Yes, you'll spend months or years restoring it. But when you're done, you'll have a unique live aboard yacht that costs less than a used car, and you'll have the satisfaction of having brought a classic vessel back to life. If you're handy with tools, have patience, and dream of living aboard on a tiny budget, a project Hatteris might be your perfect match. So, there you have it. Seven affordable motor yachts that prove living aboard doesn't require a fortune. Living aboard is about more than the boat. It's about freedom, simplicity, and waking up to water every single day. It's about minimizing possessions, maximizing experiences, and joining a unique community of people who chose life on their own terms. Before you buy, do your homework. Get a professional survey. Check Marina Liveboard policies. Budget for maintenance, insurance, and slip fees. Join online forums where liverboards share their experiences. Visit boats in person. Never buy based solely on photos. Which of these yachts speaks to you? Are you drawn to the ready to go Carver 350 Mariner? Or does the challenge of restoring a classic Hatteris excite you? Maybe that affordable CRA 340 is calling your name. Drop a comment and let me know which boat you'd choose and why. If you're currently living aboard, share your experiences. What boat are you on? And what do you love or hate about it? If you found this video helpful, please smash that like button and subscribe for more content about affordable liveabboard options, boat restoration tips, and life on the water. Hit the notification bell so you don't miss our next

  Top Comments:
  1. @Jammaster1972 [11 likes]: Never thought I'd see the day when it's cheaper to live in a yacht than to buy a new home.
  2. @BigDreamsBoating [9 likes]: Decent list and information. As a full time live aboard stay away from Gasoline boats they are bombs. Nowadays we use a ton of electricity to live and only 1 spark can be a disaster seen it happen. Older yachts were built much better than newer especially something from Hatteras they are tanks. So if you go faster the boat has to be lighter more fuel and the wind has more effect. Slower heavy boats to me are a great choice to live on personally I live on a trawler. Biggest tip MOST marinas will not let you live on the boat. The ones that will charge more usually and will want your boat to look decent. Can be a challenge to find a marina don’t skip this step find a place to keep the boat first.
  3. @duxburyrealestate [7 likes]: Stay away from gas powered boats
  4. @brucechristiansen-r2f [3 likes]: I enjoyed  viewing your list. If I may, I'd like to add my boat 'Outrider' to the mix. Built in 1969 by  Aluminum Marine of Newport Beach, Calif. They designed this boat as a sport fisher designed to do 24 knots in any sea condition.  The hull was overbuilt of 3/4" aluminum.  The length of 46 ft, beam of 16 ft, and power of twin Cummins 370VT provides a 18 ton cruiser. This was to be the lead boat of a line of offshore sport fishers, but the building costs plus the advent of fiberglass construction destined this boat to be one of one.  We keep the boat in San Carlos Mx. (about a 4.5 hr drive down a four lane hwy from Nogales, Az.. An incredible live aboard with 2 separate marine air conditioners, a up level full sized galley, twin steering stations, plus a full sized head with walk in shower. Yes, the marina  allows live aboard , ($650/month).  Interestingly, clean up, maintenance, and any repair is really affordable as the local Mx. workers are really available. Down side is the mid June to mid Sept weather really hot was you are surrounded by the Sonora desert.
  5. @fredv7487 [3 likes]: These boats are cheap because they are gas powered. Trust us, gas powered boats are dangerous.
  6. @alicejerrypaullukkarflorida [1 likes]: 350 Carver turnkey
  7. @GRvc-u9q: La ilaha illallahu Muhammadur Rasulullah (peace be upon him) 
❤La ilaha illallahu Muhammadur Rasulullah (peace be upon him) 
❤La ilaha illallahu Muhammadur Rasulullah (peace be upon him) 
❤La ilaha illallahu Muhammadur Rasulullah (peace be upon him) 
❤La ilaha illallahu Muhammadur Rasulullah (peace be upon him) 
❤❤❤❤❤🤲🤲❤️🤲بُلند رہے گا❤️ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴ میرے نبیﷺ کا ذِکر ہمیشہ بُلند رہے گا❤️ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴ میرے نبیﷺ کا ذِکر ہمیشہ بُلند رہے گا❤️ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴ میرے نبیﷺ کا ذِکر ہمیشہ بُلند رہے گا❤️ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴ میرے نبیﷺ کا ذِکر ہمیشہ بُلند رہے گا❤️ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴ میرے نبیﷺ کا ذِکر ہمیشہ بُلند رہے گا❤️ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴ میرے نبیﷺ کا ذِکر ہمیشہ بُلند رہے گا❤️ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴ میرے نبیﷺ کا ذِکر ہمیشہ بُلند رہے گا❤️ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴ میرے نبیﷺ کا ذِکر ہمیشہ بُلند رہے گا❤️ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴ میرے نبیﷺ کا ذِکر ہمیشہ بُلند رہے گا❤️ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴ میرے نبیﷺ کا ذِکر ہمیشہ بُلند رہے گا❤️ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴ میرے نبیﷺ کا ذِکر ہمیشہ بُلند رہے گا❤️ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴ میرے نبیﷺ کا ذِکر ہمیشہ بُلند رہے گا❤️ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴ میرے نبیﷺ کا ذِکر ہمیشہ بُلند رہے گا❤️ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴ میرے نبیﷺ کا ذِکر ہمیشہ بُلند رہے گا❤️ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴ میرے نبیﷺ کا ذِکر ہمیشہ بُلند رہے گا❤️ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴﷺ❤ﷴ میرے نبیﷺ کا ذِکر ہمیشہ بُلند رہے🤲🤲💝🤲La ilaha illallahu Muhammadur Rasulullah (peace be upon him) 
❤❤❤❤❤ 0:44 0:44 0:45 0:45 0:45 0:46 0:46 0:46 0:47 0:47 0:47 0:48 0:48 0:48 0:49 0:49 0:50 0:50 0:50 0:51
  8. @GRvc-u9q: Allahumma salli wasallim alan nabiyil ummi'i wala alihi washabihi🤲🤲💝🤲🤍🥰🤍🥺🤲😍🩷😮🤍❤️🩷🤍🤲🩷🤲🩷🤍🤲🤲🤲❤️❤️❤️😊❤Allah (ٱللَّٰهُ)_= The Greatest Name / God❤️❤️❤️সাল্লাল্লাহু আলাইহি ওয়াসাল্লাম ❤️❤️❤️❤😊❤❤❤
Allah Allah Allah ❤️ 🤲 🤲 🤲 Ar-Rahman, Ar-Rahim, Al-Malik, Al-Quddus, As-Salam, Al-Mu'min, Al-Muhaymin, Al-Aziz, Al-Jabbar, Al-Mutakabbir, Al-Khaliq,8 Al-Bari, Al-Musawwir, Al-Ghaffar, Al-Qahhar, Al-Wahhab, Ar-Razzaq, Al-Fattah, Al-'Aleem, Al-Qaabid, Al-Baasit, Al-Khaafid, Ar-Raafi', Al-Mu'izz, Al-Mudhill, As-Sami', Al-Baseer, Al-Hakam, Al-'Adl, Al-Lateef, Al-Khabeer, Al-Haleem, Al-'Azeem, Al-Ghafoor, Ash-Shakoor, Al-'Aliyy, Al-Kabeer, Al-Hafeedh, Al-Muqeet, Al-Haseeb, Al-Jaleel, Al-Kareem, Ar-Raqeeb, Al-Mujeeb, Al-Waasi' Al-Hakeem, Al-Wadud, Al-Majeed, Al-Ba’ith, Ash-Shaheed, Al-Haqq, Al-Wakeel, Al-Qawiyy, Al-Mateen, Al-Waliyy, Al-Hameed, Al-Muhsee, Al-Mubdi, Al-Mueed, Al-Muhyi, Al-Mumeet, Al-Hayy, Al-Qayyoom, Al-Waajid, Al-Maajid, Al-Waahid, Al-Ahad, As-Samad, Al-Qaadir, Al-Muqtadir, Al-Muqaddim, Al-Mu'akhkhir, Al-Awwal, Al-Akhir, Az-Zaahir, Al-Baatin, Al-Waali, Al-Muta'ali, Al-Barr, At- Tawaab, Al-Muntaqim, Al-'Afuww, Ar-Ra'oof,
Maalik-ul-Mulk, Dhul Jalaali Wal-Ikraam, Al-Muqsit, Al-Jaami', Al-Ghaniyy, Al-Mughni, Al-Maani', Ad-Daarr, An-Naafi', An-Noor, Al-Haadi, Al-Badee', Al-Baaqi, Al-Waarith, Ar-Rasheed, As-Sabur🤲❤️🤲🤲🤲❤❤😊❤ 0:21 0:22 0:22 0:22 0:23 0:23 0:23 0:24 0:24 0:24 0:25
  9. @GRvc-u9q: Allahumma salli wasallim alan nabiyil ummi'i wala alihi washabihi🤲🤲💝🤲🤍�🥰🤍🥰🤍🥺🤍😍🤍😮🤍❤️🤍🤲🤲🩷🤍🤲🤲🤲_🤲🩷Prayer Prayer Prayer Always perform the prayer and recite Durood at the end _
_ 🤍PBUH 🩷🤲🩷🤲🤍🤲Fasting on Mondays and Thursdays and Tahajjud every day 🤲🩷🤲🤍🤲💝🤲🤲... _  
_ 🤲🩷🤲🤍 Allahumma salli ala Muhammad SAW Alhamdulillah Alhamdulillah Alhamdulillah Repentance Repentance Repentance for everything in the past InshaAllah 🤲 Thank you 💞🤲🤲💝🤲 Allah of Muhammad SAW _-0:05 0:05 0:06 0:06 0:06 0:06 0:07 0:07 0:07 0:07 0:08 0:08 0:08 0:09 0:09 0:10 0:10 0:10 0:10
  10. @MrEbarr37: I enjoyed your list but have a question: You mentioned the Silverton 351/ 35 Convertible but not the 352 Aft cabin version. Was there any particular reason for that? Keep up the good work.

- WHY SO CHEAP? 🤯 NEW 2022 Sealine C430 Great Loop Motor Yacht Tour: Kind: captions Language: en - You're watching "NautiStyles." What if I told you that you can get this practically brand new dealer demo yacht for the price of an affordable liveaboard? (upbeat mellow music) (upbeat mellow music continues) So, today, we're gonna be checking out this very interesting opportunity. This is a 2022 Sealine C430, stands for coupe. It is practically a brand new yacht. It's been a dealer demo for a few years, and it has like less than 50 hours in the engine. So let's check it out together and see what you can get for the price. And it would make a very interesting option for a Great Loop-capable boat. Let's start on the swim platform, as usual. - [Rico] It's a hydraulic swim platform. They started doing this maybe, I don't know, five years ago or something. - No more than that. - Really? - [Victoria] Yeah, we've been doing this a long time, buddy. - [Rico] So it's an integrated ladder. As soon as the platform goes down it, it becomes a ladder. Once the platform comes up, it's just flush like that, which I really, really like. So then what do you think? It's a good size, right? - Definitely. - [Rico] So a good size also to carry a tender, at least a light tender that would just sit right here. You have to install some shocks, and your tender would sit right here. Behind me is a storage compartment right there, which is drainable, really good. That's a storage compartment for the swim ladder, which goes in right here. So you can have a traditional swim ladder, and then obviously when the platform is lowered into the water, you would use the staircase there to come out of the water. - Okay. - That's cool. - Exactly, so on this side, we do have Pop-Up lights on both sides. And then, right in the middle, we've got a Kenyon grill. And this is a cutting board. Right? - Yeah. - Sink right here with some cup holders or, yeah, I think it's cup holders. - Soap holders, cup holders. - Or soap holders, yeah. However you wanna use that. - What is this? - Looks like a board as well. - [Rico] Is it an extra cutting board? - Yeah, it's a cutting board as well. - Okay, that's cool. - Interesting, okay. - [Rico] That's a really nice stern galley. - Agreed, all right, let's go up into our cockpit. Right here, we do have our transom shower. - [Rico] Oh, it's a fancy shower, look at this. (Rico whistles) - Oh yeah, wow. I've never seen one before like that. - [Rico] With a mixing valve. So it's not just cold, you can have hot and cold. Also, a quick-connect freshwater hookup. - We do have a safety door right here. Then we have an emergency pump behind that. And then, our shore power inlet is right in there. - Yep. - Platform operation lift. This looks like potentially an optional cap stand. - [Rico] It's also already molded in from manufacturing the boat for a winch there. - All right, so- - Wow, this must be one of the biggest tables I've ever seen on a 43-footer. (upbeat music) ♪ Bah-bah ♪ ♪ Bah-bah (sings in foreign language) ♪ - What? Put in comments if you guys are watching any of the Haulover channels, or Miami River Channels. - Miami River. - We're on the Miami River actually at the RMK shipyard and it is- - Which is right next to us. That's where the superyachts are here on the northern side. And then, over there, I don't know if you can see it all the way behind this strange contraption we're gonna talk about in a second, but over there is the southern part where the "smaller vessels," getting hauled out. - If you know nothing about cruising on the Miami or Lauderdale River, you definitely need to go do some Googling, 'cause it is fascinating people-watching and it makes it for challenging filming here, because we're dealing with a lot of music, but also a lot of twerking. So, yes, it's a fun day on the water when you're on the Miami River, for sure. Boat full of girls in bikinis. - Yep, without music. - So this is a massive table. The reason it's this big, do you see that cushion right there that we kind of put away just to have space? Yeah, it's a huge cushion. This is a hi-low table and you can make a massive layout or a fantastic napping spot right here. - [Rico] Wow, this L-shaped bench here is ginormous. - It's huge, you can easily have dinner or lunch here with one, two, three, like eight people. Just put some, like, poofs right here, no problem. - They can tuck underneath. - [Rico] Could even do, like, some folding director chairs or so on this side here. - Totally. - [Rico] The only way we wouldn't be able to sit is over there where you're standing, like, in the walkthrough there. - Another thing that I'm seeing, it is already outfitted with a couple of rails here. - [Rico] Yep, exactly, the canvas rails. You can just slide in the canvas and you can actually enclose the entire space here. - You can have a full enclosure, you can blast the air conditioning from inside and have the space cooled in this climate. Or you can also put shade in. You know, the mesh? - So you don't have to have the soft enclosure, you can just do the mesh and create more shade as well. Or it could be nice and warm here if you're gonna take it in a cooler climate like California or Pacific Northwest. - Exactly. - So, by the way, before we continue on, you guys remember this boat here? If you haven't seen the tour of this boat- - [Victoria] QR code right here. Right here, QR code. - There, there. Okay, will be a QR code. Just scan it and you can watch the tour of this Meridian 459. - Which is for sale. - It is for sale, exactly. - It's a really cool boat. All right, continue, so this is a asymmetrical layout. This is a bit skinnier, but you could still go forward. But now on our starboard side is how we gonna make our way forward. - Oh, it's also lower. - It's lower, and a little bit wider it feels like. - So when you're here, look, actually, it's really safe, nice walkway. - But you still can tie the lines like you see over there. It makes it for a safe space. All right, so let's go forward. - [Rico] But preferably you would use the starboard side to actually move forward and aft. - Agreed. - Oh, a big door here. - Big door, we'll see that on the interior. Let's go forward quick, window of opportunity without crazy music blasting. Welcome to the bow. So I have a massive lay-out cushion right here and they added this seat here, which is so cool. I've never really seen that before. I've seen it like retrofitted. - But not from the factory. So this is a really comfy seating spot. How cool is that? - And you can remove them. - Yeah, absolutely, this just comes out, and you have your normal anchoring situation here. - Exactly, so anchoring situation, we have the windlass right here, anchor in the center, and then, oh, it's all together. - It's attached. - Ah. - So then, underneath, we do have, of course, our anchor locker, a pretty good size actually. - [Victoria] Oh yeah, it's deeper than I thought it would be. And then, obviously you can get to it from either side. So here's another opening right here. And then, obviously, you have a safety rubber to attach it to the rail. And then, we have a freshwater hookup right here as well, quick-connect. Shall we go back to the cockpit? - [Victoria] This is interesting as well. You've got a little step there. - [Rico] Yeah, I wonder what that's for? - [Victoria] I think it's to get to the anchor in case you really need to do something with an anchor, you have a way of holding, adjusting, stepping. 'Cause right now you would have to step on the anchor. That doesn't make it very safe. - Because you also have a safety pin right here. - Correct. - For the anchor. - So you can pull that out, and then you will actually lower the anchor down. You can also take a little bit the pressure away of the windlass. Not a bad idea to do that actually. - [Victoria] I'm just cracking up at your T-shirt. - Oh. (Victoria laughing) - [Victoria] Oh boy, all right. Now, that you turned around and can we just- - No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Now, we're talking about my T-shirt. - Can we please spend- - This T-shirt is available in our shop actually. - Oh god. - And a whole bunch of other funny, what do we call it? Dad T-shirts? - [Victoria] I call it Rico style T-shirts. - All right, okay, so a whole bunch of other ones on the shop. - [Victoria] So if you wanna look as ridiculous as Rico, you can buy this T-shirt on the shop. I'll put a QR code for you guys right here. Since we're already pointing that way, let's switch spot. - This is super, super interesting and it's very Miami. Since we're on the Miami subject, this is, if anybody can guess, I'm gonna give you 10 seconds to throw it into the comments, what do you think this is? No, it's not a tennis court, but it's close. This is a floating pickleball court. - [Victoria] Wow. They actually tow this out into the bay, into the Biscayne Bay, put it there and people come up with a boat and play pickleball. Can you please name me another city in the world that has something like that? That is so Miami. - That is pretty cool. That is pretty cool. I think it's almost finished, right? It looks like it. So there's one already out there. I think this is maybe the second one. But- - Oh, you think they're just getting attached to each other? Probably. - I don't know. There's definitely one floating over there by the seaplane terminal. - Oh, got it, okay. - Yeah, we've seen that there are people playing. We've heard that pickleball is the fastest-growing sport at least in Americas. - North America, I think. - Yeah, so put in the comments, do you play pickleball? Because I feel like it's either like pickleball is the best or like, "What's wrong with you people who play pickleball?" Which one are you? Put in the comments. - [Rico] Yeah, I think so too. And then, we have one large windshield here. We have skylights, which we're gonna see from the interior as well. Radar, searchlight, VHF antenna, and the horn. - Okay, let's go back. (calm mellow music) There's a really important feature here in the cockpit that we have not showed you yet. - What is it? - Ready? - [Rico] Ah. Oh wow, this whole thing opens. - Well, you get the idea. So this whole thing, this whole part of the roof opens, retracts all the way out here. So if you want to have amazing sunshine here on you, especially in places like California, you would absolutely love to have that, because it's mostly chilly. Just a few months that we get so hot on the water. But how awesome is that? And then, you just put it out and you have this fantastic shade here. - Really cool. - Or if you wanna do some stargazing, you're like, "This is nice, but wouldn't it be nice to see the stars?" You can do that. - And if you have a little shower, you just close it right back up. - So while I have you there, let's check out what we've got here. - [Rico] So we have a little bit of storage here, and then our fuel shut-off valves right down there, plus the fire suppression system manual release. - Now, this brings us onto the interior. There is a large pop-up window right here. So we can open it up, that's why we have this bar here. There's a large sliding door right here. It all opens up very nicely, so it creates this outdoor-indoor space. We will go check out that compartment right there. - At the end. All right, before we show you guys the interior, just wanted to ask you to hit that like button, subscribe. If you're enjoying our content and would like to see more affordable yachts, hit that like button and subscribe, and write us a couple of comments. When you ask us what does it mean, how do we consider a boat to be affordable? It's really funny, 'cause a lot of brokers ask us that one. You know, we call them or just asking to tour a boat, they go, "How do you determine affordable?" This is actually our criteria of how we determine an affordable yacht. If you cannot get a house on the water in the specific area the boat is in, to us, that is affordable. If you can get an affordable living on the water for less than the price of a house, that's affordable. Welcome to the interior. - [Rico] All right, so indoor-outdoor galley kind of, I mean, not indoor-outdoor but connection. - No, it is, it's definitely connected. And we have the grill back there, so you don't have to do any kind of grilling in this space. So it can all happen in the back of the boat, which is quite nice. Let's run through the galley somewhat quickly. We do have storage up here. We've got a two-burner cooktop, our Fusion stereo. - Fusion stereo. - Uh-huh, we have storage. - Manatees. - Where? - Right here. - Hi! That was really cool. - [Rico] Would've been cooler if they came over, right? - I know, back to the galley. All right, so we do have a microwave oven here. Look, there's your proof this boat is new. - Brand new. - Never been used. So then here we do have another deep storage underneath. - [Rico] Probably like pots and pans. - Correct, then we do have our sink, dual sink. And right here is our trash storage, some more shelving, drawers right here. Here's your remote. - That you were looking for for the anchor, three drawers. And then, on this side, we do have our refrigeration. - Oh, wow, look at that. - Yeah, and that's not all. Right here you have a little glove compartment space, and what's here? - [Rico] We have our battery switches here for the service engine and generator battery bank, our remote control for the generator. And then, above that, of course, air conditioning panel and the CZone yacht management system. - All right, keep going forward. Oh, what about all this? Anything interesting in there? Should we open one? - You'll check. - [Victoria] Why me? - [Rico] 'Cause you do the galley tour. - No, but there's a floor tour, that's your part. - Oh, wow. - [Rico] That's deep storage actually. - [Victoria] Yeah, that whole thing is storage. Oh, now you're participating, I see. - [Rico] Oh wow, yeah, lots of storage. - That's great for provisioning. So if you're gonna go to the islands for the weekend or even a long week, you can totally do this. This is enough space to store some stuff. - [Rico] Totally agree. First, I just wanna point out- - It's so bright here. - That all of these, all of these, almost need sunglasses, all of these are shade. So actually you can open it up and have this whole ceiling is glass, which is amazing. In the evenings, again, stargazing, I mean, you literally have like no ceiling, the whole boat, it's all glass. - Yeah, it's really cool. - And then, it opens right there, so that is pretty awesome. If you go somewhere remote, like let's say the Exumas, the stars are incredible, so cool, no light pollution. - [Rico] Look at the size of this window. - Yeah, so you might wonder, "What's going on here? Why did they leave this strange space here?" There's a nice window, but it is kind of a dead space. And you're like, "Whoa, wouldn't it be nice to maybe have some poufs?" Thinking about it actually, I would probably have two small poufs for the cockpit table. - Ah, good idea. - And can store 'em here, right? - Really good idea. - As extra seating. But there is a secret that this yacht carries. - A secret. - I probably need my assistant for this. - So this whole helm bench here can actually move. - [Victoria] Come on. Ta-da! - Wow, this really opens up the space. - How cool is that? - Right? - This is awesome, so it just gives it another seating area. Those poufs that I was talking about can go live over there. And, yeah, you can socialize with this nice dinette. Seating here easily for five people. This table is hi-low, and it is your overflow bed. We do have a cushion that you guys will see in the owner's suite, goes on top and it literally makes a really nice full-sized bed? - Oh, no, more. - You think it's queen? - That's a queen size, once everything- - You take cushions off? - Yeah, you're right, it's probably a queen-size bed. So that is a very nice solution. Then, of course, we have that door that we can use to go quickly pop out. But we still have electric window right there. - Which opens and closes. There is a control right there. What's here? Oh, that's right. Hit that switch there. So there's no TV there, because this yacht is new. It was a demo. So they waited to make sure you get the latest-and-greatest TV in there. So you can buy the, you know, brand new TV for yourself and put it in there, quite nice. And how cool is this movie night with this full thing here set up? Oh, it would be so epic. Skylight behind there for one of our cabins, we'll check out in a moment. And I think that brings us to the perfect tour of the helm. Look at how much space you have. - [Rico] We have a helm bench for two people. This is actually really cool here. Like, it's so open if you flip that bench back. And, of course, like Victoria said, we do have the sliding door here on the starboard side, which gives you an easy opportunity to get out on the side deck and help with the lines when you're docking, for example, when you're shorthanded. We have our helm wheel here. We have our VHF radio, start/ignition buttons for the main engines. Volvo Penta displays right here. Autopilot display right here. Multifunction, anchor, chain, counter. Windshield wiper, horn switch, and anchor remote, cup holder, compass, shift and throttle controls, joystick for the IPS drive. And then, we have a CZone control panel here, and our trim tab control. Two Raymarine multifunction chart plotters right here. Big storage compartment. Oh, no, it's not a storage compartment. It's actually a skylight on this side. - Yeah, we're gonna see it in a moment. Hey, do you remember you used to captain a Sealine? You guys did some long crossing. - We bought a Sealine, a T52 or T51. - [Victoria] Oh, it was also part of your yacht management. - Yeah, exactly, from LA down to Puerto Vallarta. - Ah, wow, that's right. - [Victoria] I remember I was helping you guys provision and set up your whole galley, and then you guys went- - That was a good trip. - [Victoria] That was a heck of a trip. It's not something you would think you can do with that boat, but you guys did it. - We did it. We did like a really slow trolling speed. We took fuel for the first time down in Cabo. - So yeah, it worked out pretty well. - Wow, that's crazy. - [Victoria] What's that? A thousand miles? - Almost a thousand miles, yeah. - Holy smokes. - That's pretty efficient. - Just gotta go slow. - All right, let's go check out the cabins. - All right. This is gonna be super interesting. All right, all the way forward, this yacht is two-cabin, two-head layout, but it also comes in a three-cabin layout. This specific model, they checked off a lot of kind of expensive feature- - Options. - Option boxes. But there's a sister ship available, which is like $200,000 less. If you guys are interested in something even more affordable, check out, we'll put the listing in the description underneath the video or maybe right here. So anyway, so this is our forward cabin. - And it looks like we have- - How big is this bed? - We can slide the beds apart. - Oh, cool! - You see? - Oh, I love that, very cool. We have drawers underneath. This could be two beds, so they kind of go like that a little bit. - [Rico] I mean, right now, it's almost a king. - King, yeah, this way for sure. And then, we do have some storage on outboards there. There's some exposed storage right there. You do have a window forward that we saw. There is a hatch, openable escape hatch right above, which is what Rico was trying to tell me when we saw that big cushion. So he was right, it's right there. And then, we have our hanging locker, a drawer, and some more on both sides. Right here, we have one as well. - [Rico] And then, over here, we have a Fusion control unit. So we do have speakers here. I don't know where the speakers are. - Openable portholes on both sides to create some ventilation. And then, walking into our en suite, we do have a large, openable porthole there, storage underneath, and drawers, look, you could tell, new boat, never been used before. Of course, our head. A good one-person shower right here. Ooh, (chuckles) my head. Let's go show you the owner's suite. - [Rico] And I did find the speakers. They're actually nicely hidden right there. So it's probably gonna sound pretty nice in here. - [Victoria] So walking into our owner's suite. - [Rico] Yeah. - And walking out of our owner's suite. (Victoria laughs) How'd you do that? - That is not something you see all the time. - Okay, I'm gonna- - It is pretty cool. Go that way first. - Okay, I'm gonna go this way. Okay. - Hi. - Wow. - Welcome to our owner's suite. So this could be a two-cabin version right here. Two-cabin setup, so three-cabin version. So this could be a wall right here, they will have just a single bed, and then the other side, a single bed. - I see. - Then we do, open that up, hanging locker with some shelves. All of those look like some kind of storage compartments. Nice. - What's there? - Lots of storage actually. - So they did play with the ceilings here to try to give you some headroom. If you're here, you do have a decent amount of headroom here when you're sitting down. This is just an extra storage right here. And pretty big, big windows. This is the cushion that I was talking about for the dinette to create that extra overflow. - Oh, I see. - And this is a king-size bed. - It's a European king. - It's big. - There's still a settee there with, looks like, storage underneath, and even a little table. And, again, the ceiling there is completely different too. Let me go that way. - Check this out, you can totally use this as a little home office if you need to do some work, or, getting ready, makeup space right here. The reason that you have that second door is because they have that dual-cabin option. But what it does is it lets you use your side. You don't have to be in each other's way. It's very, very nice, and- - [Rico] So you still have a closet on your side too. - Correct, we do have one here. Hanging locker. - Got it. - And then, we do have an en suite right here. So that's the door that I spooked you out of. - We do have an en suite with a good one-person shower. Check this out, not bad. - And- - Really bright. - It also serves, go to that door, as a day head. - So it is definitely a clever layout. They didn't have a lot of space to work with, and they did a pretty interesting job on how they resolved it. - Okay, should we show you the engine room? - Yes. - Let's do it. (mellow music) (mellow music continues) Boom! Welcome to the engine room. This is actually a really comfortable engine room. I'm very impressed right now. Lots of space to go around the engine, to work around the engine. Very compact setup. We have the D6 IPS600 installed on this vessel here. We got our sea strainer right there, water heater over there. Fischer Panda generator sitting right there on the port outboard site. The port IPS drive. Moving over here, got the starboard IPS drive, our Victron battery chargers, insulation transformers, breaker panels right there. Then we have another inverter-charger combo unit here. Got our air condition circulation pump or seawater pump, more electrical equipment right there. And then, looking over here, we have our fire suppression system. Then we have our sea strainers right here. Air condition manifold, sump pump right there, some batteries. Looks like the starter batteries potentially. And we got some house batteries, which are sitting right underneath here where I'm standing. Freshwater pumps over there. Fischer Panda brain, fuel filters, primary fuel filters right there. Yeah, it's a pretty straightforward engine room. Engine ventilation, we got three fans right here. And everything is very easily accessible. That's the hydraulic unit for the swim platform right in the center there, very convenient. That's already it on the engine room of the C430. - All right, you guys, I hope you enjoyed this tour. Consider joining us on the Patreon if you are interested in spending a little bit more time with us, some exclusive content, learning more about what's going on with our build. I'll put it right here if you wanna just scan the QR code. And consider joining us, we have a really cool community out there. We'll see you in the next one. (kiss smacks) Ciao. (clapperboard snaps) - It would make a fantastic Great Loop-capable boat. - You can't, can you just- - Oh my god. - Come on. And it would make a great Great Loop... Great Great Loop? (Rico laughs) - [Rico] Welcome to the club. Here's gonna be, I think right here or right here. (upbeat music stops) - All right, perfect.

  Top Comments:
  1. @NautiStyles [58 likes]: We dropped a Bonus Affordable Bluewater Yacht Tour this week in case you missed it: https://youtu.be/s4EUeFSWuUk?si=vTOapgrjyHuizj78
  2. @cobracommander9138 [4 likes]: I like that you gave a clear definition of "Affordability" in the way you are using it. By that definition affordability is going to be high because homes near the water are typically more expensive than homes not by the water. But it's good to have an actual definition.
  3. @BobbyDFL: Love the info you both share — would love an arrow showing equipment breakdown in engine room details while describing 🙏❤
  4. @MikeHudson-px2gc: You can not do the GL without ample cold/frozen food storage. #1 fail of most all boat manufacturers is to ignore this need, even on a weekender. GB has to be one of the worst. Build LRC with 2 day cold food storage.
  5. @one234569and10: You guys are so fun, love watching you!
  6. @kiethsmith-z8l: Too much talking show the boat
  7. @gustavoszeider9021: Que asco la traducción
  8. @bobbyredd7984: What was the price of this yacht
  9. @marcmgeor9260: cheap ?????
  10. @briantambling3918: I like to watch watch boatsnaps. They video boats going up and down the Miami river
  11. @mirosawrojecki418: 0 seconds ago
And how many watertight bulkheads or buoyancy tanks does this yacht have—how much capacity do they have?—so that it won't sink if the skin gets damaged? Because I personally have a yucky feeling about all those plastic yachts that sink with even the slightest skin damage... Let the suicide bombers sail like that... The most important thing for you is that the yacht is pretty and shiny—you buy yachts for show that are only good for staying in port...
  12. @mirosawrojecki418: A ile ten jacht ma grodzi  wodoszczelnych lub zbiorników  wypornościowych -ile mają pojemności? -by w razie uszkodzenia poszycia nie zatonął? Bo ja osobiście to mam wduuuuuupie głeboko wszystkie te plastikowe jachciki co toną przy małym nawet uszkodzeniu poszycia... Samobójcy takimi niech pływają... Dla was najwazniejsze jest by jachcik był ładny i się błyszczał - dla szpanu kupujecie jachty co do stania w porcie się co najwyżej nadają...
  13. @robertjensen2328: Spelled "ridiculous" wrong.
  14. @MichaelDeNicola-uz5cy: No I do not pay  but I know a number of people that do. great video.
  15. @ZIONAMSTERDAM: More than 500K? This is click bait.
  16. @samseven5260: Arms in air
  17. @dmanmoto: You don't even know what you're doing or talking about unbelievable. That back cunning board is to cover your sink
  18. @Keith-n3j: Ihave watched many of your video reviews and yall do a great job. 
I do have a question and I do not yet own a boat but I am studying your content. 
My question is when you are reviewing these boats as affordable. 
Do any of the boats include as an option a slip or the exact location the boat is being reviewed?
If affordable includes or compares to a home in the general area of the boat location.  
Would you also need to include the costs of the slip or docking?
I love learning about the boat features and systems but when I research where I can keep one in the water or on a lift I get a bit confused. 
Maybe a video in the future about locating and buy/rent/lease dock space for us Nubes. 
Thank you
  19. @FredFadungy: Affordable, Not by anyone i know.. LOLOL
  20. @LoveUJesus13: $600,000 is affordable, got it

- 5 Things The Yacht Seller Hidden From You | What You Need to Know Before Purchasing Yacht: Kind: captions Language: en hey guys how are you this is Chris Mortimer the yacht hunter and today we're talking about the 5 things that no seller is ever going to tell you when purchasing a boat or yacht of any size the 1st thing and MOST IMPORTANT piece of information when buying any yacht is the recent sales price An owner's not going to know it a seller and manufacturer doesn't want you to know it but every yacht sale is tracked in a yachting MLS which means that if someone paid $2,000,000 for a 2012 62-foot princess the next buyer should never be willing to pay anything more than the amount paid by the last purchaser most sellers use this as a tactic to inflate the listing price of their yacht to create a perceived deal for unrepresented and uninformed purchasers the second thing that a seller is never going to tell you is the true charter potential of a yacht anyone selling a yacht wants you to buy it and doesn't really care too much about how you're going to use it after you purchase it so of course they'll tell you until they're blue in the face that it's going to charter great and you're going to reduce or offset all of your operating costs but that might not always be true as there's more yachts being made available for charter newer models at cheaper rates so something to always consider the third thing that you need to know seller will never tell you when purchasing a yacht is the true running costs or operational cost and owner endures while owning a yacht this is a key tell-tale sign as to the true condition of a yacht and how it was maintained by the owner by asking for the accounting by asking for the records you're going to know if there was an aggressive maintenance program in place which in turn is going to benefit you in your ownership experience once you take control the fourth thing that no seller is ever gonna tell you is alternatives that might work better for you they have a reason to sell that yacht that you're speaking to them about this is why it really benefits you to have a broker in your corner that strictly represents them in the purchase to lay out alternatives that might be better for you that you might not realize are out there and the fifth thing that a seller is never going to tell you is the Commission that's on the table for the yacht they're selling if your broker is let's buy this yacht this is the yacht for you and suddenly they change their mind or a swift change of course it might be because they might not stand to make that much on the sale of that particular vessel as they would on another yacht so it's always very important to know that someone's acting ethically on your behalf but this is something to take note of any time when buying a yacht so thanks so much for watching if you learned something new be sure to LIKE comment and subscribe and check out my website www.theyachthunter.com happy yachting my friends

  Top Comments:
  1. @FiveFiftySix [15 likes]: Came here thinking it’s GTA but great video my friend
  2. @PMyoloesq [9 likes]: "Well it is in really good condition and has a special feature so we can't compare apples to oranges" -Nearly every seller after mentioning market price
  3. @hamilton_reacts [4 likes]: I have a 150 feet wider yacht...It's sp much comfortable while visiting around the Caribbean and laying on the sun-bed at night looking at the sky in quiet and seeing the stars...Then my sister woke me up ! !
  4. @angelboensel7271 [3 likes]: Grate info thanks
  5. @XLRation33 [2 likes]: Thanks a lot for these helpful vidoes! where do i find recent sales prices?
  6. @kurtislemire [1 likes]: Who tf buying a yacht
  7. @KevinConxn [1 likes]: Great tips, Chris.
  8. @hillaryc.3727: Isn’t it true that the selling agent does NOT have to enter the actual selling price into the database?  They may be motivated to hide the true sale value for a number of reasons.  I don’t feel like the YachtWorld sold boats database can be trusted.
  9. @TheInsuranceAgent1: Very informative. Thanks Yacht Hunter!
  10. @vince-lombardi: Great info!
  11. @grantalbrecht7206: what he needs to know
  12. @huggybear2638: All about Algorithms and views. He is making money using this tactic
  13. @FxSazzad: Hi, it’s a fantastic video and informative for yachts that anyone can buy. For more information You can check the link 
https://2yachts.com
 https://2yachts.com/charter 
https://2yachts.com/sale
  14. @BMH1965: These comments by the presenters just shows the difference between the US and European market - new owners are much less likely to be ripped-off in Europe.
Ps. after seeing the text (key words), I would never use this presenter's services. I have the impression that he is used to selling used cars!
  15. @chrismortify: Test 1

- Insider Reveals All: Things You Need to Know About Yacht Charter Investment: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hi my name is Philip moric I'm representative for Supreme Ys uh we are dealer for land for more than 10 years I'm also Charter specialist because most of our boats uh were sold into Charter we are targeting if we are using the financing that we are targeting that we uh double the starting down payment in 7 years when you come to the end of the investment uh Cycles uh so then you uh when you pay the last payment or when you decide okay I will put it in a charter for 7 years and after that you can use the boat for yourself and you will have you will have the repaid boat so the the boat will be yours and the remaining value of the boat is something between 60 or 65% of of net uh price of the new boat and we shouldn't we should not forget the the possibility of uh and during this period also some private usage of the boat which is added added value and uh experi experience and Adventures and the fun is not measurable with the money I started first as an investor so before I started to sell the boats alans I I invested first and I chose Elan why I chose Alan because I was looking afterm market so used boat Market what is the best boat and has the best price I was working in a car industry so this was my way of thinking so at the beginning was I I didn't have so much experience about the quality of the boat and all the details but I I knew if some something is good in after market and it sells good then then this is this is the right thing to invest in and I started with thean 444 and so far uh it really became nice nice journey through through Charter and everything so Alan is really well balanced boat you get value for the money it's really popular in Charter uh and it's interesting that we uh after the charter life of Alan we export 90% of the boats so the market for used boats most of the customers are from Germany Spain turkey Italy so these are the the markets uh who are really well familiar with thean and of course because of the small production relatively small production of the boat the boats keeps the price so you will not find 25 same boats at the same time uh on on secondhand Market which when we look other brands then it's a normal thing and quality so when someone who knows something about the boats then the quality when you see a line after 5 years in chart and then this boat it's it's minimum the value of the boat is and the the the condition of of the boat is pretty much the same as as in the first years so you have of course some some details but uh in general you have a perfect boat uh in Alan you get top quality winches top quality V Ruster and everything which is installed is in upper level of quality and uh the standard equipment is also more much giving much more than the competition so when you compare the same equipment so if if we would really do the fair comparison then Elan is is pretty much the the the the same price but I think it's not important to be cheapest because so the quality the quality is something which which will you will sell the boat for more money at the end and you you will have uh a bigger value so it's it's not always it's not always the the cheapest is not always the best way first uh you have to choose uh which boat you will buy so the size of the boat uh the number of number of cabins uh all kind of details sales and everything which will uh of course help you to to become uh different and to to gain more Charter weeks of course more bookings of course you you have to think about uh what is your target uh Target customers and uh and your competition so we always uh look the competition and then we choose something extra where we can be different and better and uh then you give more to the customers for the same price well you have to think for sure uh what will be the value of the boat after five six or seven years uh here become this it's important the the quality of the Jael cat uh the quality of interior the wood uh also uh the after sale so it's you can easily buy spare parts and you have also trusted partner who can supply you so this is really important and this is and it helps in after sales uh of course uh we you have to think about things which are installed on the on the boat like mask like wies and everything so if it's if the these are the Quality quality Brands then it's easier to sell and of course it will last longer when you chose the boat uh we we come to Next Step it's financing so we have two possibilities so one of the one of possibility is to finance with the own capital or uh to use leing as an option uh uh where you don't have to put more than 30% of the value of the boat and uh and we can close the process with the with the with the leasing leing leing in Croatia are well familiar with the with the charter business so even startup companies uh are welcome to to have to to get the leasing and it's it's not a problem of of course I forgot uh you need to start the company so 30% of your own money uh on 7 years and uh we can add a residual value at the end it can be to up to 30% so we reduce the price During the period of Charter and uh so we can so our idea is to to squeeze all the costs of Leasing and uh maintenance of the boat that can be covered by income from booking this is idea and this is something which when we look in the past was realistic of course we are hoping in the future it will be the same so you have the the first initial 30% if we if we put a residual value at the end then after 7 years you can decide if you want to pay this 30% of residual value or we can add three more years and uh continue leing so you don't have to paid uh at once after the period of financing at the end uh you have the boat and uh it's the the all profit is that you have boat at the end so when the person book your week which cost for instance €1,000 then you deduct the vat agency takes the part of percentage which is agreed and then you get around 65% of of net value or net sold week from this money you are paying the cost of course you are paying the them monthly so uh approximately it should be enough to cover all the monthly cost of course during the top season you gain more money and uh also Charter companies are here uh especially for the first year they are flexible so uh they can even sometimes wait for you for some costs uh when you while you are waiting for for for a major uh major income and then when the first year is off then after that you are in the in the rhythm of of uh cash flow and then you don't have any problem and of course the market is the whole whole world for the boats because the whole world is connected by the Seas and uh we don't have obstacles uh it's uh the transfer of the boat is possible anywhere and uh this is the reason why we sell all over the world the choosing of the right partner for Charter is is crucial they are doing completely everything so they are preparing both for the for the season they are uh doing bookings uh they're doing cleaning maintenance of the boat uh and it's it's really a lot of work so you as owner actually you don't have any work during the the season so you have only uh putting out uh six invoices and that's it uh the charter companies some they are doing really a huge huge job especially in in the part of booking uh where they have to attend all all the the fairs uh with the agents with the agency to come closer to to to customers also marketing uh activities on website on magazines and everything so uh and of course for you it's important to to have a a trusted Charter partner uh because of the maintenance of the boat so they are doing the maintenance of the boat during the whole year and it must be done properly and the quality must be top this is this is something which will provide you that you your value of the boat so you you really uh the value of the boat at the end relies on on the on the maintains there are a lot of outside agencies and uh they are very important in this project there are a lot of web agents also and uh now it's everything on digital so so these are the the the locations where someone can book your boat uh boats are in two systems so that there are two existing booking systems which can be seen from all agents all over the world so when you are in this booking system uh all agents can see you of course you always rely on communication direct communication so the charter company who has more direct contacts to agents of course gets more bookings this is why we work with the trusted Charter agency from from north to south so we can cover the whole Croatia depending of the preferences of of future investor so these are the things which are really really important the owner's weeks in general uh it's two weeks pre-season two weeks during season and two weeks after season so these are the weeks that you can can use but you don't have to but you can use it and uh when you are using then you are not paying uh to charter company nothing so you only pay the cleaning and uh uh the cost of of uh sheets and uh and that that's it so you can maximize your profit if you will do actively bookings so you as investor you have a possibility to book the weeks as much as you want for your boat even for other boats and when you book directly then you save money that you are giving to agency but you must invest a lot of your time money and of course the people that you know that can maybe rent a boat from you we have several risks so first when we speak about the yacht it's it's a really big investment and uh of course it's in human nature to to save this in investment we have uh we have really good insurance policies so insurance is is also very important to choose the right insurance so you cover all the costs that you can cover we really evolve in this process and we I I would I can say that we really set this policies to the maximum the complete value of the boat is covered so in case of uh any disaster any uh damage or something you are 100% covered and even during the the the charter business so if something happens during the charter season we cover the future loss for 4 weeks in four weeks we can repair almost everything so you are covered with the uh in the case of of I don't know some damage uh and you have sold four weeks in a row then you will get from the insurance company you will get the money for all the repair and even for this uh loss of profit which is really really good so the only risk is the booking when we look back in the past in creti average number of week is around 19.5 weeks per season so this is an average and uh when you when you see the the the season which is stretching then this average will be even bigger so we didn't have in the past less than 15 weeks for one boat and we are doing our calculation on 18 weeks and the new boats of course they are getting more weeks so honestly with the with the right charter company the risk is really minimum minimum minimum it seems it's a lot of work all this process this is the step where we can uh provide all legal and also of course experience in Charter to help you to to go to this process stressfree so we we are with our with our partners we are helping you to to open the company which takes like 10 days then we help you to choose the right vote to choose the right Charter even if you really don't want to do anything then we can provide uh yacht Management program where we we are doing as uh as a company for you so your only job is to make authorization of the payment in the bank everything else is done by us even the the monthly reports the taking care of the boat uh photo documentation and everything we really can do the stressfree investment for someone who doesn't know anything about the boats we have a lot of experience we have more than 500 satisfied customers in this decade of chartering boats in Croatia I think we really find the good balance between investment and return of investment and of course satisfaction of our customers so when we consider all the facts that uh are combined in this project so it's something that you really don't you must not forget the this private usage of the boat it's really the difference when you are on your own boat or when you rent the boat uh Charter companies even give you possibility so you can have some storage in the in the charter base where you can hold your uh stuff so when you are using both for your private purposes then you you can put even some private uh things on your boat so you can make you can feel it like your home so you are in the you are in the direct contact especially when we speak about Croatia which have more than thousand thailands uh you can really spend the time that you don't see any anyone so you you have a lot of Bays you have a lot of small small Islands private private places to to hide from from stress from business from from everything so this is this is also very important to to think about it so it's not just a simple investment so this is the changing the way of your life feel free to contact us we are very open to help you to guide you and to be your uh trusted partner in this process uh we will be with you during the whole years of of investment and even after so you are welcome to contact us and see you in creation

  Top Comments:
  1. @andreleers9457: This is exactly the bullshit a dealer tells you when asked how the charter business works.

- Yacht VAT, Ownership & Charter Rules Explained | Maritime Legal: Kind: captions Language: en Malta, strategically located at the heart of the Mediterranean, is a leading maritime hub and service center. An island nation with a vibrant maritime tradition, barely 6 nautical miles off the main Mediterranean sea route between Gibraltar and the Suez Canal. It boasts the largest shipping registry in Europe and one of the largest worldwide. The Malta Ship Registry strives for its clients to thrive in today's highly competitive [music] market. Malta's legislation and procedures are simple and transparent [music] with a competitive simplified tonnage tax approved by the European Union. It maintains a strong relationship with other EU states and has established various agreements with most countries on port state control and merchant shipping. There are no restrictions on the nationality of the crew. There are double taxation avoidance treaties with over 60 countries, as well as competitive registration fees. All this while dealing with an effective, efficient, and approachable administration backed by highly trained, experienced professionals who will guide, assist, and suggest bespoke solutions. Malta Ship Registry inspires [music] confidence. It is on the official list of low-risk ships of the Paris MOU and on its white list. Malta's economy and political environment are rock solid. It is attracting investors who have increasingly acknowledged Malta as a strategic base for their international activities. It is supported by a highly skilled workforce that is among the most competitive across the European Union and is also fluent [music] in the English language. Malta is a safe place for business. The Malta Ship Registry inspires confidence. Hi everyone. Thank you for listening to Maritime Legal on Yachting International Radio. We are at Sammizu at the Marina di Valletta thanks to the Marine Quality Marinas who have allowed us to film on location here. And today I have with me Mr. Dylan D'Agostino, the managing director of Q Global Accounting Ltd. And uh Dylan is here specially to give us a bit of an insight as to compliance when it comes to yacht ownership, foreign come tax and tax matters, but especially especially focus on VAT today. First, I'd like to hear a little bit about Dylan's work and what he does, and then we can start with a few topics which I think are relevant to our listeners. Thank you, Dylan. Thank you, Jessica, for the introduction. So, as Jessica mentioned, um I'm the managing director of Q Global Accounting Ltd. We do provide accounting services and we provide also taxation services both relates to direct service direct taxation and indirect taxation. The main area with respect to indirect taxation is of course the famous VAT, the value-added tax. So, VAT is a consumption tax and it the VAT it must be paid always by the end user. When it comes to VAT in in this sector in the shipping and yachting industry basically, um the yacht turn the vessel itself it it is considered as goods. So, we must we must refer to the rules in relation to the goods. The goods basically. Yes. So, and there is where we as Q Global try to help people, try to help yacht owners when it comes to purchase or of yachts and also when it comes to selling of yachts. So, that is one of the main areas where we try to focus and provide our consultancy services apart from our other services. Thank you. Um what I I realized over the years in practice is that many times a lot of owners and potential yacht owners are afraid of VAT and some say once they're considering a yacht they might say, "Look, having a yacht is not for me. I'd rather go for chartering and drop the idea of owning a yacht." But is it so scary to own a yacht really and truly at the end of the day? I think it really depends on the intention of the person and what they would like to do with that yacht. What is your experience, Dylan? Do you feel many are opting for owning a yacht to be chartered to third parties? So, yes, Jessica, a lot of inquiries relates to what is going to to to to be what is going to happen when client is going to buy or acquire the the vessel. So, what is the status of the vessel? What are the the intentions of client? In this case, for example, are they going to operate it um for their own use or to to operate it as commercially to generate income? Yes. So, those factors are very very important because without those answers, without that feedback, we cannot provide a proper a proper basically conclusion or advice. Yes. And I think that one of the most important things to keep in mind is that through yachting, although you can generate some income to cover running costs, ultimately profit making is not really the case when it's owning and operating a yacht, right? So, it might be of benefit to an owner to say use the yacht for 3 weeks, 4 weeks of the year and then charter it for the rest of the year. The beauty is that VAT rules allow owners to enjoy their yachts and also charter to third parties so long as they are in compliance with VAT rules in place and applicable to them if they are operating and based in EU waters, right? Um could you just give us an example as to what is the case if I as a yacht owner wish to own a yacht and charter it to third parties. If I make the acquisition in Malta, just as an example, and the the boat is already in EU waters, but I have incorporated a Maltese company and I will be going for a charter type of yacht, but I will be using the yacht myself as the ultimate beneficial owner for 3 to 4 weeks of the year and for the rest of the time I will be chartering it to third parties, not necessarily only in Malta, but say I might want to charter a little bit in Italy, France, Spain, Croatia. The EU is big and there are also ports outside EU which which are attractive for charters. What what is the the real a common scenario? Say if we choose Malta just as an example, would VAT need to be paid up front at time of acquisition by the owner or is there anything that might be interesting and attractive to an owner to keep in mind just giving Malta as a jurisdiction example? So, when it comes to these cases, you have always have two options basically. Either you pay the VAT, the 18% VAT up front upon importation or acquisition of the yacht, or the second option which sometimes is more feasible and beneficial to the yacht owners is that the postponement of VAT. And in that case, VAT if the company is structured in a legal way, of course, and there are some some rules to to be followed, VAT can then be paid out, for example, every month or every 3 months. It depends, of course, on the necessities of the company. So, in that case, yes, VAT can be postponed. The the VAT payment can be postponed and that would so solve one of the problems of the yacht owners, which is, of course, the cash flow problem. So, >> Okay. that is one of the main advantages rather to to opt out or to opt, sorry, for for the 18% payment up front. >> Up front. And in that case, rather than the owner paying the VAT on the acquisition up front, the that VAT is postponed because it is deferred, it is exempt, right? On on the owner's side. And then the end user of the yacht is the one who is actually making use of the yacht, consuming the you you know, the cuz that cuz VAT is a tax on consumption. So, in that case, if say I'm chartering my yacht in Maltese waters to third parties, I understand that right now there's a very reasonable VAT rate on charter starting in Malta at 12%. So, if I am chartering my yacht to third parties, I've acquired my yacht in May of last year, for example, and I started chartering with effect from June. Um Where where am I paying the VAT? I'm not paying the VAT on the actual purchase of the yacht, but instead I am collecting VAT on the charter operations, right? So, VAT is is being paid to the authority in that way in view of the business operations of the company. Is this a a common um happening? >> Yes, Jessica. In fact, Malta introduced a new VAT rate. Like you correctly said, a 12% rate rate was introduced in Malta in 2024. So, basically for a for charter starting from Malta, a 12% rate can be applied on these charters. In other cases where, for example, the charter is going to start in Italy or in Greece, for example, the the company must be registered in those jurisdictions where this where the where the charters are going to start, and so that the company will be VAT compliant in those jurisdictions, and the correct VAT rate to be charged, of course, to be eventually paid by the by the end users by by clients. Yes. And I what I also want to understand is this: If if I'm limited to Malta, Malta VAT rules apply. And you already mentioned this. If then I am operating in other jurisdictions, does it make things more complicated for an owner when it comes to VAT? I wouldn't say complicated. First and foremost, the boarding thing is that they seek the the tax and legal advice in those jurisdictions. So, as I as I said, so for example, if the charters are going to take place and start from Greece Greece, Italy, or France or another EU country, the company must be registered there, and and VAT to be paid in those jurisdictions. Okay. Once the company is compliant with VAT registration, have a valid VAT number in those jurisdictions, VAT is correctly charged to the to clients, collected on behalf of course from clients and from the end end user, and then pay to the to the respective jurisdiction. There are no problems. So, >> problems, of course, arise when VAT is incorrectly charged. For example, you charge a Maltese VAT rate to to a charter that started in Greece, for example. That is, of course, not Yes. not correct. And where I am the ultimate beneficial owner of a Maltese company which owns a yacht, and which owning company has the sole intention to charter the yacht to third parties. In that case, if I have benefited from the VAT postponement, it must be kept in mind that as a user of the yacht at any time, I myself would need to be chartering the yacht from my own company. If I want to use the yacht for 2-3 weeks of the year, I will enter into a charter agreement with the company, even if I am its beneficial owner, right? And I will need to be paying VAT according to the rate where I am chartering that yacht. So, I've also heard about the use and enjoyment rule. Um People inquiring on this say, "Does this mean I cannot use my yacht in EU waters, or can I use the yacht in both EU and out? What is the the beauty of the use and enjoyment rule, Dilan, and how does it feature when it comes to planning operations of a yacht and VAT payments? Are there any exemptions?" So, yes, Jessica. This this factor is criteria of the use and enjoyment is very popular, of course. And it has it always has an effect on the VAT payment. Why? Because the end result, the actual VAT payment by the yacht owner to the VAT department will be considered will be calculated on the actual use and enjoyment. Now, there are the rules to be followed, there are steps to be carried out, and and of course, there are documentation that must be kept by the yacht owners by the by the captains in order to confirm the the itinerary of the of the journey of the of the yacht of of the route, basically. So, it is very popular. Why? Because it can decrease the VAT rate from the stand the standard rate basically applies to charters to as low as it comes to, for example, yacht charters operating in non-EU. Okay. >> example, if during those 3 months um the yacht the the yacht being chartered basically spent 70% in EU and 30% outside EU, the company, the yacht owner, will pay only VAT on that 70% of the time spent in EU. Okay. >> is a very important factor. Yes. I'm going to actual payment of VAT. Say I'm an owner, and I really have no intention of allowing my boat to be used by anybody else. I want to use my boat myself. And I I'm going to be based in EU waters, and I'm going to choose Malta as as the place where I would be permanently berthed for during the year, and I want to relax and be able to enjoy the yacht wherever I am, whenever I feel like, wherever I want to. What is your recommendation in that case? Is Malta an attractive jurisdiction to to keep your boat and to pay VAT on the declared value of the yacht? Yes. Malta, I believe it is, of course, an attractive country to to attract these type of clients, basically, and you have a you can have a good structure. Yes. It's very very important that you seek advice, both legal and accounting, so that the correct structure is in place Yes. >> in order for the yacht owner to try to make the best use of the yacht and even um pay, of course, in a legal way and the less VAT possible. Of course, when it comes to these exemptions for where it comes to what they are postponement in this case, for example, postponement. Mhm. So, I would consider it yes, very very very feasible. So, with Malta's VAT rate being at 18% at the moment, an owner could choose to pay VAT up front at 18% on the declared value, or there's also the option of entering into an operational lease, right? And with through an operational lease, you can put into effect also the use and enjoyment principle where VAT will be calculated according to the actual use and enjoyment of the boat by the lessee under that operational lease in EU waters and out. So, Correct. For example, when it comes to operational leases, what happens is, of course, the yacht owner will needs to pay, of course, the VAT on the lease installments, yes, >> Yes. but following that period of those 3 months, for example, the yacht owner or the VAT representative can collect proof that the yacht was actually outside EU. Such proof With logs and AIS data, yes. >> Charter itineraries. So, it's very very important. You must have proof, hard copies, not not estimates. Why? Because at the end of the day, the VAT department, if they are going to assess you, it's you as yacht owner that you need to prove yourself that the yacht was actually outside EU. Mhm. And with such documentation, you can prove you can defend yourself, and you can, of course, pay VAT on the actual number of days time they spent in EU. >> In Malta, how does the filing of VAT returns work? Is it easy to get a VAT number? How how how does it How soon do you recommend that if you decide as an owner to opt for a commercial operation, how soon do you need to start planning your VAT registrations, compliance in different jurisdictions, taking Malta as an example? Is the system slow? What are What are your views, please? >> So, in my opinion, I I would say we have a very good system. The the VAT department are very efficient. We have a very good efficient administration. Um a VAT number can be obtained in 3-4 working days, basically, upon, of course, receipt of correct documentation. So, we try to obtain, for example, ourselves as VAT representatives in Malta, we try to obtain the correct documentation, the correct information, so that when we file the VAT registration, the VAT department might come back to us and ask us some questions, but in that case, we would be prepared. Okay. >> that case, yes, a VAT number can be obtained in less than five working weeks five working days. Great. And what about submission of VAT returns? Does it have to be manually done manually, or can it be filed electronically as a VAT return? >> of VAT returns, so this these needs to be done electronically, yes. So, the system changed yes, recently quite a couple of years ago. No manual VAT declarations are allowed. So, declarations must be prepared and submitted electronically. All right. And if I'm an owner sailing in EU, and I'm inspected by any authority, will they have a right to check my books? Is it easy to present to them these electronic VAT returns Yes. >> submitted to the Maltese authorities, and to show that VAT has been collected on my charters, depending say if it is from Malta, you can show, right, the payment of VAT. I wish owners to to understand that VAT is not so as scary as they think it is, and they could they should really consider enjoying their boat in as many jurisdictions as possible. But what is key besides the a clear intention on the part of owner and reliable advisers, I think it's to be organized, no? To be organized, to keep the proper and correct information >> Yes. >> like we like we explained, basically. So, if you are going to go for the use and enjoyment, basically, >> Yes. you have to keep proper proper logs, proper documentation. Otherwise, at the end of the day, it's the it's the yacht owner that's going to pay of course, the yacht owner is going to charge the VAT to the end to the end customer, basically. But that that all goes about keeping supporting documentation to prove yourself, so that if you have an inspection, or if you are requested in one [snorts] way or another by the tax department tax authorities, you can be uh you can have have everything readily available in order to support your your judgment. >> Important, no estimates, so the tax department are not going to base their judgement or their final assessment on your estimates. So you have to have proper documentation again and hard hard hard materials. Thank you Dylan. So Dylan through the in summary what what I think we really need to get across is that VAT is not as scary as it seems to yacht owners. What is important is that their intentions are clear, right? And they would know what they wish to use the boat for. There's also the benefit of doing a bit of both, enjoying the boat for private use and for charter as long as the correct rules in place in the jurisdiction where the boat is going to be based and sailing are respected and complied with, right? I think good communication is key. So we if it's the owner or the manager they are engaging or the captain who is who you are in touch with most times to have organized invoicing and to have support the support that they need cuz sometimes the captain captain cannot handle everything themselves. They are responsible for the safe navigation of the yacht and and the carriage of passengers. So I think I I've also seen through experience it is captains and owners working hand-in-hand with advisors like you and similarly fiscal representatives in different jurisdictions to ensure organization and good communication so for you to enjoy your boat as in in with with as much peace of mind as you possible so that you can enjoy your sailing and not be worried that you might not have certain documents which you might need to present at any point in time. Or you so say your your status or you you are required to pay VAT for example because you you were for example in a in a scheme or or something and then you didn't provide by the rules and you have to pay so this is very important, okay? And look, today we outlined in a very brief manner a bit of compliance in in simple terms but of course I appreciate that there's certain detail with and and requirements which need to be abided by and of course listeners are free to get in touch with you with any specific questions they have because each case depends on the facts at hand and the intention of the owners, right? And the parties. So thank you very much Dylan for your time today. I'm really grateful and look forward to collaborating with you for future structures and and the support you give to clients from साइड. Thank you so much. Thank you Jessica. Thank you. Thank you once again to the marine Valletta Marina di Valletta and the lovely Sammy Zura restaurant where we are sitting today on this >> [snorts] >> quite a gloomy day I would say but we stayed inside today because of the wind but it's actually calming down which is great. Thank you also to our supporting entities like Transport Malta and especially Yachting International Radio and you listeners who make this possible. Thank you so much and see you for the next one. >> [music] [music]

- True Cost of Yacht Ownership: What You Must Know First: Kind: captions Language: en The hidden costs of owning a yacht revealed. You've seen them gliding across turquoise waters, featured in music videos, and parked at million-doll marinas. Yachts. They're the ultimate status symbol. A floating mansion that screams, "I've made it." But what if I told you that owning one could quietly sink your finances? Sure, buying a yacht sounds like a dream. But today, we're revealing the real price of yacht ownership. Spoiler alert, it's not just the sticker price that'll drain your bank account. It's everything else that comes after. Stick around because near the end, we'll cover the one hidden cost that shocks even seasoned yacht owners, and most of them never see it coming. Number one, the purchase price is just the tip of the iceberg. Let's start with the most obvious cost, the yacht itself. Prices vary depending on size, brand, and features. A basic used 30foot yacht may go for $100,000. Mid-range yachts range from $300,000 to $1 million. Ultra luxurious models, think $5 to 50 million and beyond. But here's the trap. People think if I can afford the purchase price, I'm good. Wrong. Buying the yacht is like buying the plane ticket. What you're really paying for is the vacation, the hotel, the food, the excursions, and everything in between. Except in this case, your vacation never ends, and the bills keep coming. Number two, insurance. You can't sail without it. Yacht insurance isn't like car insurance. It's specialized, complex, and expensive. Premiums can range from 1.5% to 3% of the yacht's total value annually. For a $1 million yacht, that's $15,000 to $30,000 every single year. And that's assuming smooth sailing. If you operate in high-risisk areas like hurricane zones or international waters, your rates can skyrocket. Plus, liability insurance is a must if you're inviting friends or renting it out. Imagine paying a monthly insurance premium higher than a luxury apartment rent just for peace of mind. Number three, docking and storage. Paying rent for water wear. You park your yacht matters a lot. Marina slips in popular coastal cities are outrageously expensive. In Miami, Los Angeles, or the French Riviera, annual docking fees can exceed $25,000, and that's for averagesized yachts. Wintertime, you'll likely need to haul your boat out of the water to prevent damage, which means paying for dry storage, shrink wrapping, and additional maintenance. That adds another $3,000 to $10,000 depending on the size. Oh, and prime marina slips often have a waiting list. Some owners even buy waterfront property just to have somewhere to dock their boats. Talk about commitment. Number four, fuel. Your yacht drinks like a rock star. Let's talk fuel because yachts are thirsty beasts. A 60 ft yacht can burn 80 to 100 gall per hour. That's right, per hour. At $5 per gallon, a single 4hour cruise could cost $2,000. Taking a week-l long coastal trip, expect to burn $1,000 to 2,000 gallons of fuel, translating to $5,000 to $10,000 in fuel costs alone. You're not just feeding an engine, you're feeding a monster. This is why many yacht owners calculate their trips by fuel cost first, fun second. Number five, maintenance. Because salt water eats everything, salt water is like sandpaper on steroids. It corrods, it rusts, and it destroys electronics. Annual maintenance, including engine servicing, hull cleaning, painting, propeller inspections, and generator checks, can easily cost 10% of the yacht's value. Let's say you own a $700,000 yacht. That's about $70,000 annually in upkeep. Miss a year, you risk catastrophic damage that could cost you double. Even docked yachts need monthly checks because corrosion doesn't take a vacation. Pro tip: yachts must be cleaned weekly. Algae, barnacles, and salt residue build up fast. Some owners even pay full-time cleaning crews just to keep their boat usable. Number six, crew. Luxury doesn't drive itself. Depending on the size of your yacht, you may need a licensed captain, an engineer, and at least one deck hand. If your yacht has a kitchen or cabins, you may also need a chef and steward. A full crew can cost anywhere between $150,000 to $300,000 a year in salaries. Yes, yearly. And that doesn't include benefits, travel costs, or bonuses for long voyages. Even smaller yachts often need a part-time captain, especially if you don't have the credentials to operate it yourself. Yacht management companies offer crew services, but of course, at a markup. Number seven, upgrades and customization. The endless wish list. Once you step into the yacht world, you'll find yourself constantly tempted to upgrade. A better radar system, new sails, custom teak decking, luxury seating, underwater lighting, Wi-Fi systems, the list never ends. Upgrading navigation software that could cost $10,000. Installing satellite communication around $50,000. Want a jacuzzi on deck? That's easily six figures. And if you host guests, there's pressure to keep up with other yacht owners, especially in social circles where luxury is competitive. Number eight, depreciation. Yachts are not investments. Unlike real estate or certain collectibles, yachts depreciate like cars, only faster. A brand new yacht may lose 20% to 30% of its value in the first year alone. After 5 years, it might be worth half. You might think you can sell your yacht later to recover some costs, maybe, but don't count on it. The used yacht market is flooded with desperate sellers looking to offload financial burdens. If you're looking for investment value, you're better off buying beachfront property or rental real estate. Number nine, taxes and registration. Luxury comes with paperwork. In many countries and US states, owning a yacht comes with annual registration fees, inspections, and sometimes even luxury or use taxes. California and Florida, for example, impose taxes on boats purchased instate international travel. Some nations require special permits, customs declarations, or impose VAT, value added tax on foreign yachts that enter their waters. That vati alone can add 15% to 25% of your yacht's purchase price if not handled properly. Imagine buying a yacht for $500 000 and owing an extra $100,000 in foreign tax just for sailing it across the border. Number 10, chartering it out, not the easy fix. You think you may have heard this common myth? I'll just rent it out when I'm not using it. While possible, turning your yacht into a charter business is anything but simple. You'll need commercial insurance, business registration, inspections, safety certifications, and possibly a licensed charter crew. Also, clients expect luxury, meaning your yacht must always be in top condition. Even with steady bookings, the profits barely cover the increased wear and tear. And if a guest damages something, you're still on the hook. Number 11, safety and legal compliance. Rules of the sea yacht owners must comply with a long list of maritime regulations from life jackets and radios to flare guns and fire extinguishers. Your yacht needs to be legally equipped at all times. If you're hosting guests or chartering, you'll need to meet additional safety codes, get inspected, and fail. You could face steep fines or be grounded until fixed. Plus, any accident on board could lead to liability issues. Many owners hire maritime attorneys to handle the legal side, which is another recurring expense. Number 12, your time. A cost you can't buy back. Even if you hire help, owning a yacht takes time. You'll need to schedule repairs, manage crew, coordinate storage, plan trips, deal with insurance renewals, and handle legal paperwork. Unless you hire a yacht manager, which costs even more, expect your yacht to become your second job. And for many, that time commitment starts to outweigh the joy of ownership. This is why so many owners quietly sell their yachts after just a few seasons. Number 13, the emotional cost. Stress, pressure, and regret. The final cost is the one no. One talks about the emotional burden. Some yacht owners feel buyer remorse after realizing they barely use the boat. Others feel pressure to entertain guests or get their money's worth, turning leisure into obligation. And when something goes wrong, a storm, an engine failure, or an unexpected bill, the stress can eclipse the joy. A yacht should be freedom on the water, but for many, it becomes a floating reminder of a financial misstep. So, is yacht ownership a rich person's dream or a rich person's trap? If you love the ocean, value privacy, and have the money to burn, go for it. But if you think a yacht is just an expensive toy, think again. It's a floating house, a business, and a full-time responsibility. One that comes with more hidden costs than most people ever expect. Now, it's your turn. If money wasn't an issue, would you buy a yacht or just rent one when needed? Let me know in the comments. I'd love to hear your take.

- The 'Asking Price' Lie: Why Your Boat Is Worth 28% Less Than You Think: Kind: captions Language: en A 2019 C Ray 320 Sundancer goes up for sale at a marina in Clearwater, Florida in the spring of 2025. The owner has kept it clean for 4 years, added a new chart plotter and a biminy top, [music] and priced it at $87,000, $4,000 below what the family paid at the peak of the pandemic buying frenzy. He called his broker, who looked at similar boats on Yachtworld, confirmed the price looked competitive, and put the listing up. What neither of them discussed was that none of those comparable listings had actually sold. 11 months later, after three price reductions and two buyers who walked following the survey, the boat clears for $63,000. The broker collected 10%. That was the cheap part. This video is about the mechanism behind that moment and why it runs on a loop in marinas from Tampa Bay to Puget Sound year after year. Regardless of what the listing says, the asking price is not the selling price. The gap is not random negotiation, bad luck, or a single boat's condition issues. It is documented, consistent, and predictable. It is tracked across more than 30,000 actual marine transactions by a brokerage firm that logs every listing price, every price reduction, and every final negotiated sale. The gap is 28% for motorboats and 22% for sailboats. On a $100,000 boat, that is $28,000 the buyer refused to pay and $28,000 the seller did not know had already vanished before the first showing. This video covers how that gap is created, who profits from keeping it invisible, and the three calculations. Every boat owner needs to run before they name a price. For a long time, the story was beautiful. You did your research, found the right boat, handed over the down payment, and walked away with something that felt like more than a purchase. The slips at the marina were full of boats that had been there for 20 years, owned by people who bought them for half the price and watched them hold that value through recessions, oil shocks, and every financial storm the economy threw their way. The old salts at the fuel dock told you boats were different from cars. A fiberglass hull, properly maintained, could outlast its third owner. The culture around boat ownership carried a quiet financial assumption sewn into it that a well-maintained vessel was an asset you could pass down or at minimum sell back at something close to what you paid. You stood on the dock with a coffee watching the morning light come off the water and felt the particular satisfaction of someone who had made a sound decision. The numbers, what they mean and what they hide, are for later. For now, the dream is real. Six data points define what that dream actually costs, and everyone comes from the industry's own transaction records. The Boatshed Brokerage Network tracks every listing price, every price sale across more than 30,000 completed transactions over 25 years. and it found that motorboats sell for 28% below their asking price on average. On a $100,000 motorboat, that is $28,000 that never changed hands. Sailboats clear for 22% below asking on a $150,000 cruising sloop. The gap between what the owner asked and what the buyer paid is $33,000. The Boats Group, which operates Yachtworld, Boat Trader, and Boats.com, published its 2025-year endmarket index in March 2026, and found that the average North American boat spent 209 days on the market in 2025, up 37 days from the year before. The National Marine Manufacturers Association reported that [music] new US powerbo retail sales fell 8 to 10% in 2025, landing at approximately 215,000 to 225,000 units, down nearly 30% from the 2020 pandemic peak of 310,000 units. Infolink Technologies, which tracks every registered recreational vessel in the United States, reported that the median age of the American boat owner [music] reached 60 years old at the end of 2024, with more registered boat owners now in their 70s than in their 40s. And that same boat shed depreciation data set shows a new boat losing 15% of its value per year, compounded. So, a vessel purchased for $100,000 is worth approximately $44,000 after 5 years. These six benchmarks, the listing gap, the days on market, the unit sales decline, the financing headwind, the aging ownership base, and the depreciation curve, form the backbone of the real boat ownership equation. These are not worst case projections drawn from edge cases or market disasters. The industry produced every one of them from its own transaction data. Mark bought a 33- ft bento oceanis in the spring of 2021 for $78,000. He put down 25% $19,500 and financed the remainder at $4.3% over 10 years. In the first 12 months alone, the boat consumed $21,900, $7,750 in marina fees, insurance, and maintenance, $2,900 in loan interest, and $11,700 in depreciation against the purchase price. year 1 before Mark had taken the boat anywhere worth going. By the spring of 2024, 3 years in, the Oianis had depreciated to approximately $48,000 in actual market value. He still owed $43,000 on the loan. Selling at that point after the broker's commission would have required writing a check rather than receiving one. He held on over four years in total. His ownership costs for marina fees, insurance, hallouts, bottom paint, engine service, and a set of sales he had been deferring totaled $31,000. In March 2025, Mark listed the boat at $66,000. His broker searched Yachtworld, found comparable asking prices in the mid $60,000 range, and confirmed the number looked reasonable. What the broker did not pull was the soldboat database, a broker only subscription service logging actual transaction prices, which showed Bentois 33 models from 2018 to 2020, clearing in the low to mid $50,000 range. After 171 days on the market and two buyers who walked after their surveys, Mark accepted $52,000. He still owed $38,500 on the loan. The net from the sale after settling the remaining balance was $13,500. Against his down payment, four years of monthly loan service, and $31,000 in operating costs, Mark spent approximately $83,000 over 4 years to own a boat. He recovered $13,500. The loss was not built at the moment of sale. It was built the day the listing was priced against what other boats were asking rather than what they were selling for. The mechanism that made that outcome possible has four moving parts and all four depend on the same condition that the seller cannot easily find out what boats actually transact for. Unlike real estate, which requires public disclosure of sale prices through MLS [music] filings, marine transactions have no equivalent public record. Sale prices are reported voluntarily to a subscription-only platform, soldboats.com, which costs approximately $1,200 per year and is accessible primarily to licensed brokers and marine surveyors. The average private seller benchmarks their asking price against yachtworld listings. Yachtworld listings are not sold prices. They are opening positions what sellers hope to receive before negotiation. surveys and financing reality reduce that number by an average of 22 to 28%. The broker who takes the listing has access to [music] the actual transaction database. The broker also earns a percentage of whatever the boat sells for, whether that sale takes place 3 weeks after listing or 18 months later after three price cuts. The arrangement is only as transparent as the incentives allow. The second mechanism is older and deeper than the current market correction. Jack Ellis of Infolink Technologies speaking to the National Marine Manufacturers Association in early 2025 framed it without ambiguity. Many of the people who owned boats 25 years ago are the same people who own boats today, but they are 25 years older. The cohort that built recreational boating in the 1990s and in the early 2000s is now in its exit phase. The generation expected to replace those sellers, millennials and generation Z, is not arriving in equivalent numbers or with equivalent purchasing intent. They favor boat clubs, peer-to-peer rentals, and shared access models over the annual cost of full ownership, which runs $8,000 to $12,000. Supply grows as the ownership cohort ages out. The replacement [music] buyer poolool is not keeping pace. The third mechanism arrived in a congressional filing on January 28, 2026. Representative Nancy Mace introduced the No Tax on Boat Loan Interest Act of 2026, a bill that would allow buyers to deduct up to $10,000 annually in interest paid on Americanmade boat loans. The Marine Retailers Association of America endorsed it immediately. Frank Hugelmier, the president of the National Marine Manufacturers Association, called it legislation that will provide needed relief to American families seeking to purchase boats. A market in which the sellers own trade association is lobbying Congress for buyer subsidies because loan rates averaging 8.40% APR in the fourth quarter. 2025 have made financing prohibitive is not a sellers market. There is a fourth mechanism operating quietly beneath the other three. Group Bento, the world's largest sailing boat manufacturer, announced 66 [music] new models in 3 years, a 50% increase over its previous rollout pace. Every new model release resets what the market calls current, which means a 2019 hull competes against a 2024 version at similar price points. With the newer boat carrying factory financing terms, the used boat can never match. Faster model cycling does not generate new demand. It accelerates the obsolescence of everything that came before it. Linda bought a Lagoon 42 catamaran in the summer of 2021 for $385,000 with a charter management agreement already in place. The charter broker projected $68,000 in gross annual revenue. The math, he said, would practically pay for the boat. In year 1, the gross charter income came in at $61,000. The charter management company deducted 40% at source, $24,400 gone before Linda received a statement. The remaining $36,600 barely covered the accelerated wear that charter use generates, two hallouts per year instead of one, engine hours running at triple the rate of a private owner, and salon upholstery replacement after 18 months of rental guests. Her net contribution from charter against a $38,500 annual ownership cost was negative in year 1, year 2, and year 3. In 2024, the charter management company was acquired and renegotiated the contract terms to 45%. Linda listed the catamaran in early 2025 at $340,000. After 218 days and a [music] survey flagging $31,000 in Charter Accelerated wear items, the boat sold for $276,000. Of her $385,000 purchase price, Linda recovered $72 on the dollar before 4 years of carrying costs totaling $86,000. Mark started with a financed [music] purchase and a conviction that asking prices on Yacht World reflected real market value. Linda started with a charter income projection that promised to neutralize the ownership costs entirely. Both ended up chasing sunk costs boxed in by a system that rewarded the charter management company, the broker and the boatyard and extracted money from the person holding the keys. The convergence is not a coincidence. It is the architecture of a market built on asymmetric information, preserved by a compensation structure that profits from it and deepened by a demographic shift no one in the chain has any incentive to explain. Three calculations will protect you from it. First, pull actual sold comps, not asking prices. Any licensed broker has access [music] to the sold boat database by boats group. Request completed transactions for your specific make, model, and year range from the past six months. That number is your market. Yachtworld listings are starting positions, not transaction records. Second, apply the clearing adjustment before you list. The boat shed data shows motorboats clearing at 22 to 28% below, asking across 30,000 sales. A boat priced to the clearing range from day one sells in weeks rather than months. Third, calculate carry cost before deciding to hold. Annual ownership in the United States runs 8 to 12% of boat value per year. A one-year hold that seeks $5,000 more but costs $10,000 in annual carrying costs is a loss with a weight attached. The arithmetic is not complicated. The transaction data exists. 30,000 completed sales, annual market indexes, [music] registration records on every recreational vessel in the United States. None of it reaches the seller at listing because no party in the transaction chain has a structural incentive to deliver it to the person who needs it most. The ledger does not lie. The asking price always did. What did your boat actually sell for compared to what you listed it for? Drop the number in the comments. Let's build the data. that the industry is not going to publish.

  Top Comments:
  1. @muskietime: Boat Owners who are selling their boats hire the Broker who tells the Owners a Price higher than the other Brokers.
Human Nature:  People want to be told “How Pretty They Are”, not the Truth!
Sad but true.
Seller’s are hoping “for the Fool” (who will overpay and buy without finding all of the boat’s faults)…. but the Fool does not exist.
The Marine Surveyor and the Lender save the Buyers thank goodness.

I liked the Evaluation but do not think Annual Operating Costs should be considered a Loss.  That’s just an Expense that comes with ownership.

Be well.
  2. @fredv7487: Just another reason the boating industry is heading for a huge decline. All due to the industry it self. It's sad how profit is the only guidance in the industry. Such a wonderful sport destroyed by greed.

- Yacht Market Reality 2026: Prices, Discounts & Hidden Insights: Kind: captions Language: en Hey guys, this is Chris Mortimer from Yacht Zero Yacht Acquisition Advisors, where we make sure that our clients buy the right boats at the lowest price and make sure they're told all of the things that a seller or a broker typically doesn't want them to know. We have a tool on our website called the Yacht Calculator, which helps you to determine the true price to buy any yacht. Now, working in the yacht acquisitions aspect of the industry, we see a lot of boats while we're out on the water. You've watched Below Deck and that. You've watched plenty of content online. In fact, I have one client who says, "Chris, I don't watch porn, I just look at boats." And we say, "Okay, man, whatever works for you." And there's some days we get sick of looking at boats. But right now, we are going to share with you what we're seeing out on the water and a little bit of a sneak peek as to some of the analytics and trends that you don't know about. So, here in our first episode, we want to talk about what are the boats, how much do they cost, how much do they cost to charter, what are their special features, the alternatives, and the analytics that you need to know. So, first up on our list is Crash, a 2020 Pershing 8X that we saw while down in Miami. While this boat in particular isn't for sale, we know there's a similar boat on the market asking 5.2 million and a few others available on the market to charter for $8,000 per day. When you look at this chart here of the Pershing 8Xs on the market in the USA, there doesn't appear to be any smoking deals or outliers here, but there is a gigantic gap when you jump to the predecessor model in the Pershing 82 VHPs. When we look at the historical trends, it takes Pershing and these Pershing 8Xs specifically about 2/3 of a year to sell. While this model normally sells at 5.12% below the asking price, where Pershings typically sell about 15% below their ask. While I love and many other buyers of Pershings love how the staircase is recessed into the exterior design to give it a really clean look. The cockpit is a great social layout, and obviously the gray paint, which makes it hot. It makes the boat look like a bullet out on the water. Add that by throwing off the rooster tail off the back, and a Pershing 8X is awesome awesome boat. If you're in the market to buy one of these, you might be considering an Azimut S8, you might be considering a Princess S78, or you might consider looking into something like a 2020 Sunseeker 74 Sportbridge. At number two on our list, we passed by Ambitions in Fort Lauderdale, a 72 Ocean Alexander Pilothouse. While this one is not available to purchase, there's one other similar vintage year OA72 on the market asking 2.35 and a few older ones listed just under $2 million. These boats have a really great open galley concept, a super sleek lower helm, and a really tastefully appointed master bath that you're going to love. As for the numbers on these boats, these 72 models take about double the amount of time to sell as Ocean Alexanders across the board do, and they sell under their asking price below what Ocean Alexanders normally do. I can't really tell you why that is, but we would love if anyone in the comments who's possibly ran them, owned them, or knows anything about it, maybe some of the quirks that make these boats a little tougher to sell. Unfortunately, I wasn't able to find anything online about any of these boats that are available for charter, but we do have a lot of information to pass along to you if you are considering buying an Ocean Alexander 72 or an alternative like a Hatteras 75 Panacea, an Outer Reef 72, or a Marlo 70E. At number three, this is our first big boat in the segment, and this is Natural Nine, a 121 Sunseeker that we passed towing its jetski on the way out to a day out on Biscayne Bay in Miami. The boat is currently for sale asking 8 and 1/2 million dollars, and it is available to charter for about 120 thousand dollars a week before expenses. We would love to be the guys to put you into that charter if you are interested in that. What you have to know about this is there's seven other available Sunseeker 121s on the global market, and buyers love the fact that the tri-deck has a jacuzzi. It's one of the shortest, smallest tri-decks you see before you Eclipse 130, and the functionality on the bow of these boats is really unique for a boat in this class. It gives you a ton of volume, and while we look at our advanced analytics available on our website once you finish this video, it gives us some really good insight as to what this boat could really be purchased for. And the same offer goes if you're in the market for something similar like a Sanlorenzo SD126, a Westport 130, or Benetti 121. As for the rest of the numbers on Natural Nine, it looks like it's priced pretty reasonably against the market competition, and it's important to know that these Sunseeker 121s have ended up selling for 19.71% below their asking price after spending about a third of the year on the market. With so many available, we would imagine there might be some negotiation there for you to leverage against the seller. Again, I encourage you to reach out to the Yacht Zero team and use the Yacht Calculator to try and get a better feel for what you should be paying for any boat you're considering buying. At number four, we have another Sunseeker found down in Miami. It's a 2015 Sunseeker 75 named Start Me Up, which interestingly enough seems to be flying a US flag but has a Jamaican hailing port on the back. So, we're a little confused as to what's going on here. A few of our clients have had Sunseeker 75s, and we learned almost all of their goods and all of their bads. And these boats are typically selling around $2 million, and we see that there's a few that can be chartered for $6,000 per day. And to validate that this might be the boat for you, it's definitely some expense worth spending. So, these boats typically take about a half a year to sell, and they end up selling at about 6% under their asking price. They have four staterooms, a nice on-deck galley, and a really great flybridge and functional bow setup as opposed to the older models which just had the sun pad up on the bow. So, if you're in the market to buy one of those, we encourage you to reach out to us. We also encourage you to check out a 75-foot Princess, a Ferretti, or even a 76 Sanlorenzo if you have a little bit more of an Italian flair in you. At number five, we have the Rolls-Royce of American yachting, a Westport 125 named Flamingo Days that we passed while sailing up in Fort Lauderdale. While this beauty isn't for sale or charter, there are three similar Westport 125s all asking north of $22 million. These 125 models tend to go quickly and faster in terms of Westports as a whole, as they take about 118 days to sell and sell about 9.83% below their asking price. The timeless design of the exterior, the salon, the full-beam master are just a few of our favorites, and the fact that some of these Westports look more modern but still contemporary allows them to hold their value very well. If you're in the market for a Westport 125, you got to check out our advanced analytics waiting for you at our website, and we'd be happy to help you with alternative considerations such as a Dutch-built Moonen 124, a Custom Line 127, or even something like a Hargrave 120. The sixth boat on our list is Westport's cousin next door, the Canadian Crescent, and a 2020 named Crescent Lady a 117. She's asking just under 8.5 million dollars, and with not many other options for comparison or charter, the boat has a strikingly modern interior for a North American boat. The galley is uniquely laid out where essentially the galley is running up the side providing for a big seating area on the starboard side. The master's great, and again, the paneling across the entire boat is very very modern. With Crescent not being the biggest household name in the yachting industry, you might want to look into buying something like a Westport 117, a Ferretti Custom Line 120, or a Hargrave 120. The seventh boat on our list as we're sailing in Fort Lauderdale was a little bit in the distance, but it's an incredibly beautiful Dutch-built Mulder named Q43. We don't happen to know much about this boat from what we were able to find online, but we're really intrigued, and we encourage you to check out some of the other Mulders on the market such as Soulmates and Solace, or to even consider chartering Delta One. When we look at the profile and the interior appointments for this pedigree, this is something that within the circles of the yachting community is really special. You say, "Why is it so expensive in comparison to other boats?" Well, the Dutch, when they build their boats, they kill people when they make mistakes on the assembly line. So, big part of that cost is the lawsuits that go into building them. And when you're at the top of the food chain, you tend to appreciate stuff like that. For other builders that might be a little bit more well-known and that we have some more advanced analytics and insights on, you might want to look into a 2023 Moonen 110 called Midnight Saga, the 2016 Feanship 110 called Great Cliffs, or you might even consider a Westport 117 if this is a boat that works for you. The eighth boat in this episode is essentially a Horizon 102 in Fort Lauderdale called Kismet. It's another tri-deck that clients tend to absolutely love. It's probably the smallest tri-deck that is built right now because typically the higher up you go in a smaller frame, it tends to distort comfort and stability on board. While this boat is not for sale, we do see that there's one available to charter for $95,000 a week plus expenses. While Horizon Yachts typically take 231 days to sell, these happen to have only taken 72 days to sell and sell right close to their asking price. So, this is one of those boats that when it comes available, you better be prepared to move very quickly on it. Speaking of moving quickly, it's a big boat that has a fast displacement hull and the bow and the bridge have great functional space and the salon is rather stunning for an Asian-built boat. Whichever Horizon you're looking to buy, let's be sure to look through the numbers in detail on our website. If you are interested in this boat but want alternatives, I would definitely look at the Ocean Alexander 32L, a San Lorenzo 106, or dare we say a Riva Corsaro 102. There's a lot that can be done to ensure that you make the right decision when buying any boat. Be sure to implement checklists, get consultants to tell you what you need to hear, what you want to hear. We really just need you to have a great experience because there's very few people in the world that could afford to enjoy yachting and there's a very prevalent amount of people that get into it that realize that sometimes it's not as good as they hoped it and dreamt it would be because the people around them sometimes make it challenging. So, again, we're trying to put you on the right path, set the right expectations. We want to encourage anyone who's out on the water. We want to see your videos and share them with the world. If you're captain and crew, we appreciate and know how hard the work you do is and if you have owners that trust you in buying a boat, we really want to work with you guys as well to make sure that you could deliver a great experience for the owners. So, this is our first episode of Boats on the Water. We hope you enjoyed it. We really have the best job in the world and we really want to share with the world all of the stuff we get to see because we never want to take it for granted. If you can do me a favor and you can like, comment, and subscribe on this video, that is truly appreciated as more visibility helps my growing team find more people that are looking for really quality sound advisory when buying their boats. If you can, head over our website as well and be sure to use the Yacht Zero Yacht Calculator tool and check out a numerous amount of resources that we have available to people, no matter what boat they're buying, where they're buying it. We just want to make sure that we do a good job so they trust us to buy every yacht they ever have again in their future. So, thanks so much to my team for helping me to make this video. A great group of collective misfits that just want to make sure that people enjoy their time out on the water and they're treated properly. Until next time, happy yachting, my friends.

  Top Comments:
  1. @RacingCane09 [2 likes]: $120k  a week???? Do people really pay that and how often???
  2. @lgriestra [1 likes]: Gracias.
  3. @YachtingReal [1 likes]: Seguramente que habrá brokers que te odian porque vas más que preparado un tu cliente y pones una oferta realista.

- Prices CRASHING: Why Boats Are Suddenly CHEAP in 2026 (Best Time to Buy?): Kind: captions Language: en These are seven boat categories experiencing double-digit sales crashes, while one segment defies gravity with 19% growth. If you're thinking about buying a boat in 2026, understanding these market dynamics could save you tens of thousands of dollars or help you avoid a catastrophic purchase mistake. The recreational boat market has undergone a complete transformation from the pandemic boom years. And what we're seeing now isn't just a simple correction. It's a fundamental restructuring of who buys boats, what they're willing to pay, and which categories survive while others collapse. Let me walk you through exactly what's happening, where the deals are hiding, and why this might be the most important buying opportunity in a decade for those who understand the new rules. The story begins in 2020 when a fishing boat that cost $50,000 suddenly commanded $65,000 by 2021. That wasn't a typo or an isolated incident. That was the entire market losing its mind. Hundreds of thousands of Americans bought boats during this period. Many now finding themselves completely underwater on their loans. And I mean that literally in financial terms. But here's what the headlines miss. This isn't playing out like a traditional crash where everything falls uniformly. Instead, we're seeing a bifurcated market where some categories are getting absolutely demolished while others show surprising resilience. Understanding this split is the key to making smart decisions right now. Let's start with the carnage because that's where the opportunities are hiding. Stern drive boats are down over 20% year-to date in 2025, making them the worst performing category. Pontoon boats, which became the foundation of the modern boating economy, have shown surprising weakness with sales dropping 10 to 19%. Jetboats have cratered 14 to 20%. Wake sport boats declined 9 to 14%. And even personal watercraft dropped 10 to 13% in 2024. These aren't minor corrections. These represent fundamental shifts in buyer behavior across categories that dominated the industry for decades. Now, here's where it gets interesting. While those categories crater, yachts actually grew 1.8% year to date in 2025, the top of the market is completely defying gravity. In the first quarter of 2025, 125 yachts sold for a total value of $1 billion with an average price of 10.7 million per boat. The wealthy are still buying, but they're being more selective about pricing. That average dropped from 11.7 million in the same period the previous year. But the real story is happening in freshwater fishing boats, which surged 19.8% 8% in January 2025 compared to January 2024. This category has become one of the few bright spots in the entire industry and understanding why reveals something crucial about the current market psychology. Anglers continue to spend what's necessary to get on the water despite high loan costs, but they're being extremely practical about their choices. The stripped down 18 ft fishing boat might sell more easily in 2026 than the fully tricked out wake surf machine. Functionality is beating flash as buyers become more value conscious. Aluminum fishing boats continue to be top sellers because they represent the affordable entry point that makes sense in a high interest rate environment. When boat loan APRs have jumped from pandemic lows of 3 to 5% up to 7 to 10% for well-qualified buyers, that monthly payment calculation hits very differently. Let me put that interest rate impact in perspective. On a $50,000 boat with 20% down, the difference between a 4% loan and an 8% loan is about $200 per month over 15 years. That's $2,400 per year in additional interest expense, which explains why buyers are being much more cautious about pulling the trigger. But here's what makes this market so unusual. Despite massive inventory overstock of 60% above normal levels, prices haven't crashed as dramatically as many predicted. The reason is that the economics have changed at every level. Costs have gone up, financing got harder, and the post-pandemic buzz has worn off. Rather than racing to the bottom, the market has found an equilibrium where older boats depreciate slowly rather than catastrophically. This creates what industry insiders call the weird middle ground. Here's the bottom line. Brand new boats, dealers are desperate. 10-year-old boats, sellers are stuck. But that two to three years sweet spot, that's where the deals are hiding. New boats see aggressive dealer discounting as they compete against bloated inventory. Older boats see slow price erosion as financing becomes more difficult. While late model used boats remain expensive because they represent the sweet spot of modern features with acceptable financing terms. The timing dynamics tell the real story of where this market is headed. Boats are now sitting an average of 243 days before sale, and that's lingering 30 to 45 days longer compared to 2024. For high-end yachts, the average days on market reached 573 days in the first quarter of 2025. These aren't normal market conditions. They represent a fundamental shift in buyer behavior. The psychological shift is equally important. We've moved from the impulsive buyer of the pandemic era to the patient and valueconscious consumer who demands better bargains. Dealers report that they don't remember it being this hard to get somebody over the edge of a purchase. Buyers are spending much more time in the consideration phase before purchasing. Consumer confidence reflects this caution. The consumer confidence index hit 95.2 in June 2025, well below the 100 point baseline that typically indicates economic optimism. This isn't just about boats. It's about broader economic uncertainty affecting all discretionary purchases. But within this challenging environment, specific opportunities are emerging for informed buyers. Fresh inventory includes practically new boats that are 1 to two years old, selling at significantly depreciated prices. A $40,000 bass boat purchased in 2021 fetched only 28,000 by 2023, and those patterns are accelerating as more pandemic buyers become reluctant sellers. The boat show season starting in January 2026 represents a critical test for market recovery. These shows typically generate up to 60% of annual dealer sales, making the January February period crucial for setting the tone for the entire year. Shows are emphasizing show only packages and spring delivery options to incentivize purchases during this buyer market. Early indicators from late 2025 shows were encouraging. The Fort Lauderdale boat show in November 2025 generated postcoid record unit sales, exceeding prior year revenue. Buyers are still out there, but they're being much more selective about when and where they purchase. For buyers considering a 2026 purchase, several factors align in your favor. Inventories are under control, supply chains are unclogged, and production schedules are predictable. The chaos of the pandemic years has been replaced by a more stable but challenging operating environment. The key is understanding which categories offer the best value propositions. Freshwater fishing boats continue outperforming other segments because they serve a dedicated user base that prioritizes function over luxury. Aluminum fishing boats provide the most affordable entry point into boat ownership. Pontoon boats, despite their recent struggles, might represent the best family value as dealers work through excess inventory. The versatility trend toward hybrid fishing and family-friendly designs creates boats that serve multiple purposes, maximizing utility for the monthly payment. Personal watercraft could see renewed interest as younger buyers priced out of larger boats seek alternative ways onto the water. At 70 to 75,000 new units sold in 2024, there's clearly still demand, but at more realistic price points, yachts remain a different market entirely, where qualified buyers can leverage the extended sales cycles to negotiate favorable terms on premium boats. With boats sitting 573 days on average, sellers become increasingly motivated as carrying costs accumulate. The used boat market likely holds the best opportunities for value conscious buyers. As inventory cycles through from pandemic purchasers looking to exit, quality late model boats should become available at attractive prices. These boats often feature recent technology and low hours while avoiding the steepest depreciation curves of new purchases. For current owners considering selling, the market remains brutal. Traditional dealer channels compete against 60% inventory overstock and private sellers face extended marketing periods with uncertain pricing. The advice for sellers is patience and realistic pricing. Accepting that 2021 values aren't coming back anytime soon. Industry forecasts call for 3 to 5% growth in 2025 to 2026 with new powerbo sales beginning to show signs of return to growth. US boating expenditures are expected to reach 55 billion plus suggesting the market size remains substantial even at reduced activity levels. But the composition of that market has fundamentally changed. The impulsive buyer motivated by lockdown dreams has been replaced by the practical buyer focused on value and long-term ownership costs. This new buyer demands better boats at better prices with better financing terms. Are you a pandemic buyer regretting your purchase or the patient buyer who's been waiting for this exact moment? Let me know in the comments. For buyers, this creates the most favorable negotiating environment in over a decade. The combination of excess inventory, motivated sellers, and realistic pricing means that patient buyers with good credit can find exceptional deals across multiple categories. The key is understanding your specific needs and matching them to the categories showing the most price flexibility. Whether that's a practical fishing boat for weekend adventures, a family pontoon for lake recreation, or a premium yacht for serious cruising, opportunities exist for buyers who do their homework and negotiate effectively. The boat market of 2026 rewards preparation, patience, and pragmatism over impulse and emotion. For those willing to embrace the new reality, it might just be the best buying opportunity we see for many years to come. Subscribe for monthly updates as I track exactly when to buy. I'll show you when the bottom hits.

  Top Comments:
  1. @freddienh [4 likes]: Since billionaire groups bought out the best boatyards and paid huge money - their plan is to gouge the absolute living Hell out of boat owners - Forever and ever.
  2. @makdaddy8399 [3 likes]: Soon you will need to be a millionaire to own a 24 foot boat.
  3. @JohnRyan-gr8bs [2 likes]: Trump economy
  4. @Gonewthewind210 [1 likes]: All this "winning" in 2026 especially when gas prices will be easy $7 and up at marinas make boating non existent for the working class. 

Forget new boats, priced more than a house for a twin engine 25 footer. 

Even renting a boat for a day will take most families food budget for a month. 

Fine by me to see boat manufacturers price themselves out of a market. Plus most of the Joneses crowd are up to their eyeballs in DEBT, boating will be a thing of the past as in history books. I did not even mention insurance, upkeep, marina fees, parts, and if fishing...very limited bag limits. You know, gotta keep chumps commercial fishermen somewhat happy and give them the recs limits to ra@e the ocean even more. 

Badminton will be a better alternative to families these days, and can play in the pool or ocean to get somewhat of a "boteing" experience. 

🤙
  5. @Foreverandaday-n8x: Personal watercraft are more affordable. I have major trepidation about buying used because of how important the break in period is for a boat imho  it could mean life and death of the engine. Luckily I have had good luck with used.

- Boat Prices Are Down 21% — Here’s What Changed in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en These boat buyers in the 2026 recreational boating market think they're getting the deal of a lifetime, but they're about to discover some expensive surprises that organizations like Boat US and the US Coast Guard warn about. The recreational boating market has shifted dramatically from the pandemic boom years with pontoon sales crashing 19.5%, stern drive boats down 20% and jetboats plummeting up to 19% in rolling 12-month windows. But before you rush out to snag what looks like a bargain Brunswick built bell liner, Yamaha powered center console, or Mercury equipped bassboat, there's something the industry doesn't want you to know about the real cost of boat ownership in 2026. Let me take you back to where this all started. In 2020, something unprecedented happened in the boating world. New boat sales hit a 13-year high with nearly 320,000 units sold, a 13% jump from 2019. The pandemic had created a perfect storm of conditions, travel restrictions, leisure budgets with nowhere else to go, and Americans discovering the water in record numbers through NMMA's Discover Boating initiative. Here's what's truly remarkable about that boom. 415,000 firsttime boat buyers entered the market in 2020. That's not a typo. About 31% of new boats sold from January to September went to people who had never owned a boat before, a 26% increase from 2019. Even more stunning, roughly 90% of 2020's sales increase came from these new Boers. For 3 years, this created what industry insiders now call the pandemic premium. Boats were selling for more than their original purchase price, even if they were 5 or 10 years old. Whether you were shopping for a Yamaha F350 outboard, Mercury Verado engine, or Suzuki powered pontoon, scarcity ruled everything. Production delays at Brunswick Corporation and other manufacturers, exploding demand, and a complete loss of normal market reference points meant if you had a boat to sell, you basically had a license to print money. But that party's over. Frank Hugelmire, president of the National Marine Manufacturers Association, put it bluntly in January 2026. The mixed and uncertain economic environment that persisted throughout 2025 brought material impacts to the recreational boating market and a wait and see mindset for some boating consumers. The numbers tell the story. Through June 2025, new powerboat sales fell 9.7% compared to the same period in 2024. Looking at the rolling 12-month period, total retail powerboat sales declined 7.3%. The NMMA estimates 2025 ended with sales down 8% to 10%, dropping to approximately 215,000 to units. But those are just the headline numbers. When you dig into specific boat categories, the picture gets much more dramatic. Pontoons, which the industry calls a foundation of the modern boating economy, showed surprising weakness with 2025 unit sales down 10.9% year-over-year. But here's the real shock. When measured in the April to April rolling window, pontoons crashed 19.5%. Jetboats dropped between 14% and 19%. Wake boats fell 9% to 14%. Stern drive boats with Mer Cruiser engines down about 20%. These aren't minor corrections affecting just Mercury Marine or Yamaha Marine dealers. These are significant market shifts that represent real opportunities for buyers. If you understand what you're walking into, the shift from sellers market to buyers market has been dramatic. The Marine Retailers Association confirms that inventory has built up at dealerships, fundamentally shifting the balance of power. Many boats are now sitting on the market for 4 to 6 months before selling, sometimes longer. Average days on market increase to 573 days in the first quarter of 2025. This gives buyers something they haven't had in years. Time. Time. Revisit listings. arrange proper SAM certified marine surveys or NAMS inspections and gather quotes for upgrades or maintenance work. The impulsive buyer who drove up prices during the pandemic has been replaced by a more patient, valueconscious consumer who's demanding better bargains and isn't afraid to make lowball offers. In Southern California, 32 used power boats over 30 feet sold in the fourth quarter of 2024 at an average price of $589,445, down 20% year-over-year. A 7 to8year-old Lagoon 42 catamaran that was selling for around €300,000 not long ago now sells for less than €250,000, roughly a 17% drop. The average sold price for new boats fell 3.4% to $174,000, while used boat prices actually increased 4.2% 2% to $211,500. That might seem contradictory, but it reflects something important. The market is becoming more selective. Quality boats are holding value better, while others are struggling to find buyers at any price. Industry analysts estimate that 30% of boats currently on the market will probably not find a buyer, even after several price reductions. That's not necessarily bad news for serious buyers. It means you have more choices and more leverage than you've had in years. But here's where we get to the catch that most buyers aren't prepared for. Lower purchase prices don't automatically mean lower total costs. In fact, the hidden expenses of boat ownership in 2026 might actually cost you more than during the boom years despite cheaper sticker prices. Let's start with marine financing. During the pandemic, boat loans were cheap. Now, interest rates remain elevated, ranging from 5% to 15% depending on your credit score and financial standing. That bargain boat still becomes expensive when you're paying high interest rates for 5 to 7 years. Insurance costs are rising across the board. The Swedish club implemented a 5% general rate increase for the 2025 to 2026 policy year. The American club announced a targeted 7% increase. Marine insurers are responding to increased claims costs and inflationary pressures that aren't going away. Your location matters enormously for meeting US Coast Guard requirements and state boating registration fees. If you're in a hurricane prone state, expect to pay 25% to 50% more in premiums. On average, boat insurance runs about 1% to 3% of your boat's current market value. But for high-risk vessels, it can hit 5%. For a $200,000 boat, that's $2,000 to $10,000 annually just for insurance. Then there's the maintenance reality check that follows ABYC standards. You can expect to spend 5% to 10% of a boat's value annually just to maintain it in the same condition. For a boat worth $320,000, that's $16,000 to $32,000 per year before any upgrades. New owners quickly discover that their boat generates ongoing expenses representing 10% to 20% of its value each year. Marina fees haven't gotten any cheaper. Many marinas charge by the foot. So a 40ft boat at a marina charging $800 per foot with a seasonal multiplier could cost you $48,000 per year just for the slip. Even a modest 16 ft boat at $25 per foot monthly will run you $400 per month or $4,800 annually. Don't forget depreciation. A boat generally loses 20% to 30% of its value in the first year, then 10% to 15% annually in the following years. This slows down after 10 years to about 5% per year. But during those early ownership years, depreciation is eating your equity fast. If you're buying used, factor in survey costs. Hiring a SAM certified marine surveyor in the Florida Keys costs about $35 per foot for a catamaran, plus a hall out at $20 per foot. For a 38 ft boat, that's over $2,000 before engine surveys and oil analysis. With all costs considered, plus an average $4,500 yearly loan payment, you can expect to pay about $11,000 in your first year as a boat owner for a modest vessel. For larger boats, this number scales up quickly. But here's what's really driving the current market conditions. Consumer confidence has collapsed. The Conference Board Consumer Confidence Index fell 9.7 points in January 2026 to 84.5, its lowest level since May 2014. All five components of the index deteriorated simultaneously. Heather Long, chief economist at Navy Federal Credit Union, explains the dramatic drop in confidence is a direct result of the hiring recession. The fact that 2025 was the weakest year for job gains outside of a recession since 2003 is not going over well with the middle class. This creates an interesting paradox. Industry executives are actually becoming more optimistic. 40% now hold a positive 12-month outlook, up from 32% in the second quarter, and about 60% expect their company's revenue to grow. But consumers feel the opposite. Roughly 60% of consumers expect economic conditions to worsen. The NMMA notes this divergence. The divergent sentiment between consumers and industry is not a battle between optimism and pessimism. It is a reminder that the same economy looks different depending on where you sit. For boat buyers, this means opportunity if you understand the landscape. Dealers need to move inventory. Manufacturers are offering incentives. Private sellers are motivated. But you need to approach this market with your eyes wide open about the total cost of ownership. The smart play in 2026 isn't necessarily buying the cheapest boat you can find. It's buying the right boat for your actual usage patterns and budget. Factoring in all the ongoing costs that many firsttime buyers discovered the hard way during the pandemic boom. Interestingly, the top of the market has defied gravity. Yacht sales were actually up 1.8%. Affluent shoppers continue to browse and buy premium motor yachts because they're more insulated from economic fluctuations. If you're shopping in this segment, you have different considerations than the average recreational boater. The recreational boating market is also seeing growing demand for shared access models, freedom boat club memberships, carefree boat club participation, peer-to-peer rentals, and charter options. For many people, these alternatives make more financial sense than ownership, especially when you factor in storage, maintenance, and insurance costs. Looking ahead to 2026, the NMMA expects continued mixed economic conditions with new powerbo sales roughly on par with 2025, possibly slightly up. Some experts are cautiously optimistic about a modest recovery in the latter half of 2026, but that recovery depends heavily on broader economic conditions improving. So, yes, there are deals to be had in the 2026 boat market. Inventory is high, seller motivation is strong, and buyers have more negotiating power than they've had since before the pandemic. But the catch is real. Lower purchase prices don't automatically translate to lower ownership costs. If you're serious about buying a boat in 2026, do your homework on the total cost of ownership. Budget not just for the purchase price, but for insurance, maintenance, marina fees, fuel, and depreciation. Factor in your local market conditions, US Coast Guard requirements, and seasonal usage patterns. The pandemic created a lot of boat owners who weren't prepared for the reality of ownership costs. Don't become one of them. The deals are out there, but only for buyers who understand what they're really signing up for. The market has shifted in your favor.

  Top Comments:
  1. @robertacamaro9248 [2 likes]: industry is fucked
  2. @Gonewthewind210: A mere 21% is not near enough. It's going down BIG especially since chump jacked up gas prices to 5 bucks and higher in marinas.

- The Boat Industry Crisis NO ONE Is Talking About (2026): Kind: captions Language: en The silent crisis. Across the industrial heartland of America, a quiet crisis is unfolding behind the closed gates of manufacturing plants. >> [music] >> It is a silence marked not by peace, but by absence. The absence of machinery, [music] the absence of workers, and the absence of orders. We are witnessing the steepest contraction >> in the American marine industry since the financial collapse of 2008. The data is stark and unforgiving. Factory closures have spread across five states. More than 2,000 workers have been sent home indefinitely. A boat brand with 90 years of history was recently sold off for scrap value. And across just three public companies, losses have amounted to over $730 million. The seven brands we are examining today are not merely struggling. They are running out of time. Some have cut their workforce in half. Others have shuttered plants that have been open for decades. One company sold every mold, every tool, and every design it owned for just $6 million. This is not a normal seasonal dip. This is a structural breakdown. New powerboat sales dropped 9.1% in 2024, falling just over 231,000 units. Through July of 2025, they fell another 8.9%. When the CEO of Brunswick, >> the largest boat company on the planet, compares the current market to 2010, the lowest point after the last money crisis, it is not spin. It is a warning. Chapter two, the numbers game. When you break down the pain by vessel type, the situation looks even more severe. Pontoons, often the entry point [music] for new buyers, dropped 10.9% through June 2025. Stern drives fell 20.1%. Wake sport boats slid 9.9%, and jet boats dropped [music] 14.4%. Yachts were the only bright spot, showing 1.8% growth. This is because buyers spending half a million dollars on a boat are typically not borrowing money to do it. They are insulated from the interest rate hikes that are crushing the rest of the market. With that as the backdrop, [music] here are the seven brands bleeding out right now. The industry is facing a perfect storm of high inventory, high interest rates, and shrinking demand. Total industry spending landed at $55.6 billion in 2024. [music] That sounds healthy until you see that number was $59.3 billion >> just two years before. Close to $4 billion in spending vanished in 24 months. Most people hearing these numbers think this is a normal cycle. The pandemic created a boom. Interest rates killed the boom, and sooner or later things bounce back. That version of the story feels safe, and is also badly wrong. Chapter three, the engine room. The trouble starts at the heart of the boat, the engine. Mercury Marine, Brunswick's engine division based in Fond du Lac, [music] Wisconsin, cut 300 workers for good in June of 2024. One month later, 1,700 hourly workers started rotating week-long time offs, which shut down most of the plant's crew within six weeks. Operations in Saint Cloud, Florida, and Juarez, Mexico were also pulled back, bringing the total number workers hit to roughly 2,000 at a single division. Brunswick's full year 2024 numbers tell the rest of the story. Revenue fell 18.2% to $5.24 billion. Adjusted earnings per share dropped [music] 48% to $4.57. And net income crashed 66% to $149 million. The stock bottomed at $41. Mercury is not going to vanish. It is still the largest boat engine maker on Earth. But sending 1,700 workers home at once is the kind of move that tells you how [music] empty the order book really got. When the supplier of the engines is this cautious, the companies building the hulls are in even deeper water. Chapter four, volume and value. Next is Bass Pro's White River Marine Group, the factory arm behind Tracker, >> Ranger, Nitro, Sun Tracker, Mako, and Tahoe. This is where the cutbacks turn harsh. April 2024 saw 176 workers [music] cut across plants in Lebanon, Missouri, Flippin, Arkansas, and Bolivar, Missouri. By August, another 100 jobs were gone. November brought the hardest hit, when Bass Pro closed the Miami, Oklahoma factory for good and wiped out 148 jobs. >> Then folded the Bolivar plant into Lebanon and cut 81 more. Over 500 workers lost their jobs in a single year across six brands, all blamed on rising prices and a sharp jump in interest [music] rates. That is corporate talk for the boats are not moving. Alumacraft, owned by Canadian parent BRP, [music] the same company behind Sea Doo, took 298 permanent cuts at BRP Sturtevant, Wisconsin Marine headquarters across March and May [music] of 2024. The damage at the Alumacraft plant in Saint Peter, Minnesota, was even more clear, where 174 workers were laid off in two rounds, dropping the staff from several hundred to about 85. This is a factory that was running full shifts during the pandemic [music] boom, which tells you how fast the floor dropped out. Chapter five, luxury and legacy. MasterCraft's yearly report reads like a company in free fall. >> Revenue dropped 44.6% to $366 million. Net income crashed 90% to $8.7 million. And the operating margin went from 19.9% to nine, meaning the company kept nine cents of profit >> on every dollar instead of 20. On top of that, MasterCraft paid a $9.8 million write-off to walk away from its Aviara luxury day boat brand entirely, a line that was supposed to push the company into a new market. MasterCraft's answer came in February 2026 with a $232 million purchase of Marine Products Corporation, the parent behind Chaparral and Robalo. Marine Products had already posted a 38% revenue drop of its own. Putting those brands together with MasterCraft and Crest Pontoons [music] creates a company with roughly $560 million in combined revenue. But both halves are still shrinking. Merging two companies posting double-digit drops does not create growth. It creates a bigger company carrying the same problems with less room to take another bad quarter. Malibu Boats posted a 40% revenue drop for the full year, landing at $730 million, and swung to a net loss of 56.4 [music] million. Fourth quarter gross profit fell 87.8%. These are high-end wake and water sports boats priced between $60,000 and $200,000, not mass market products. A buyer taking a loan on a Malibu at 8 or 9% [music] interest is paying hundreds more per month than the same buyer paid in 2021. >> And that rate gap is pushing a whole class of buyer out of the market. Chapter six, the obituaries. Century Boats is the one that stings. Founded in 1926, Century survived the Great Depression, two world wars, the oil crisis, and the 2008 crash that buried dozens of rivals. Plenty of boat owners grew up watching Century's sit in slips at their local marina. In early 2025, parent company All Craft Marine filed chapter 11 after the Zephyrhills, Florida factory had already gone dark in December 2024, with the last 13 workers sent home right before Christmas. Every mold, every tool, every design and brand name, all were sold to American Nautical Holdings for $6 million. For context, that is less than what a single new Viking sport fisher costs. Catalina Yachts lasted 56 years, shaping what a low-cost American sailboat looked for whole generations. Production paused in late 2025, and by October, the company was kicked out of its Largo, Florida building for not paying rent. Not downsized, not taken over, not bought by a larger company, just kicked out. A builder that spent half a [music] century making sailboats could not cover its lease. Add all seven up, and [music] the picture is hard to argue with. Thousands of jobs gone, hundreds of millions in losses, two brands dead, two more folded into survival mergers, [music] and three others cutting their work to stop the bleeding. Chapter seven, the dealer dilemma. Between 2020 and 2021, roughly 800,000 first-time buyers rushed into boating. New powerboat sales hit 320,000 units, a 13-year high, >> and total industry spending jumped from $43 billion in 2019 to $59.3 [music] billion by 2022. Makers hired thousands, grew their factories, and built up to demand levels that were never going to last. >> Then the Federal Reserve raised rates hard. Boat loans jumped from the pandemic era three to four percent range to seven to 11%. Boats now cost 39% more than they did in 2019, and personal debt sits at all-time highs. On the dealer side, the math gets ugly. Most US boat dealers lost [music] money in 2024, with floor plan interest rates hitting 15-year highs after climbing [music] 500 basis points in two years. A dealer sitting on five boats that average $200,000 each is burning roughly [music] 10,000 dollars a month in floor plan interest alone. And that bill runs whether anyone walks through the door or not. Some dealers answer by dropping starter brands to sell only high-end lines, going after the cash buyer who does not need a loan. Honestly, these are sharp survival moves, but they are also retreat moves. Every dealer that drops a starter brand is one fewer showroom a middle-class family can walk into and buy a boat. Chapter 8, the dragon in the room. Now, across the Pacific, a factory base that dwarfs the American boat industry is watching all this play out. Chinese boat making was worth 18.6 [music] billion dollars in 2023, growing at 7.3% a year. And Chinese factories turn out over 65% of the world's small to mid-size boats. Over 2,000 makers work in that space. One plant in Foshan called Kinlife has more than 400 workers across 60,000 square meters and builds 2,000 aluminum boats plus 100 pontoons every [music] single month. That monthly output from one factory beats what many mid-size American makers build in a full year. Right now, Chinese brands have almost zero shelf space in American dealerships. Tariffs sitting at roughly 46 [music] to 47% make Chinese boats pricey at the border. But what makes this less calming is that the pattern for Chinese [music] factories pushing out American ones has already played out three separate times. Solar panel output went from 5% Chinese market share to over 80% in 15 years. Steel shifted so hard that an estimated 3.7 million American jobs vanished [music] between 2001 and 2018. Electric cars went from zero Chinese output to 2/3 of global sales in under a decade. Every time the American side said the quality gap was too wide, they were right until the gap closed and the volume hit. Current tariff guards run through November 2026. And after that runs out, the rules are anyone's guess. Chapter 9, the demographic cliff. Recovery signs do exist. >> Brunswick posted roughly 5.4 billion in 2025 revenue, up about 2%. And the stock climbed from that 52-week low [music] of 41 back to about 87 by early 2026. MasterCraft's purchase of marine products shows at least some companies are betting on merging to ride out the storm. Industry forecasts say that dealer stock should finally match buyer demand during the 2026 model year. There are real reasons to think the bleeding slows. Those reasons do not change the basic math underneath. [music] 95% of boats sold in America are still built in America, and that share has barely moved. The factories behind that number are sending home thousands of workers. The brands behind those factories are posting the worst money results in 15 years. And the average boat buyer in this country is 60 years old with the age group behind them showing no signs of filling that [music] gap. This is not a bad year that fixes itself. This is an industry shrinking toward a smaller version of itself that serves fewer buyers, builds fewer boats, and hires fewer people. Chapter 10, conclusion. The seven brands we walked through are not victims of any [music] single force. They are stuck between a demand crash they cannot control and a cost setup built for a boom that ended two years ago. Some will merge and survive, others will not. The part of this crisis that almost nobody in the boat world is talking about openly is what happens when these weak companies face real outside rivals for the first time in their history. Tariff walls are not forever. Quality from Chinese plants keeps getting [music] better. And the output building overseas runs at a scale these companies have never gone up against. That wave [music] has not landed yet. But the companies that will have to face it are weaker right now than they have ever been. And the window to get ready is getting smaller with every [music] quarter of losses and every factory that goes dark. If the factory closures and money damage we just walked through caught your attention, the loan side of this crisis is just as ugly and it hits buyers head-on. Lenders are quietly changing the rules on boat loans, and most people do not find out until the [music] papers are already in front of them. That full breakdown is right here.

  Top Comments:
  1. @tundraoutlander3488: Sounds like RV crisis 😂.  And why?
  2. @YachtVerse: 🚨 BREAKING: Which boat brand's collapse surprised you most?
A) Century Boats (90-year heritage)
B) Catalina Yachts (56 years)
C) The massive layoffs at Mercury/Bass Pro
D) MasterCraft's 90% profit crash
Drop your answer below 👇 and tell us: Are you still planning to buy a boat in 2026?
🔔 Subscribe + turn on notifications so you don't miss Part 2 where we expose the BOAT LOAN CRISIS hitting buyers right now.

- Inside The $9,000,000,000 Most Insanely Expensive Yachts: Kind: captions Language: en-US What if I told you there are luxurious,&nbsp; multi-level maritime mansions sailing&nbsp;&nbsp; the seas that cost more than some countries'&nbsp; GDP? I'm talking about mega yachts so lavish&nbsp;&nbsp; and tricked out, they make cruise&nbsp; ship suites look like broom closets. Have you ever wondered how the ultra-wealthy&nbsp; traverse the seas in privacy and utmost luxury?&nbsp;&nbsp; I’m not talking about mere first-class&nbsp; tickets on a standard cruise ship. No,&nbsp;&nbsp; I mean truly one-of-a-kind&nbsp; floating palaces customized&nbsp;&nbsp; to each billionaire owner’s exact&nbsp; specifications without regard for cost. Welcome to the dazzling, decadent domain of&nbsp; luxury superyachts – a maritime realm reserved&nbsp;&nbsp; only for those with bank accounts spanning ten or&nbsp; eleven figures. These resplendent behemoths offer&nbsp;&nbsp; every conceivable indulgence under the sun. Their&nbsp; mere purchase prices exceed many countries’ GDPs. But what exactly does $500 million or even a&nbsp; billion dollars buy on the high seas? Join me&nbsp;&nbsp; for an exclusive tour inside 20 of the most&nbsp; expensive personal yachts sailing the planet&nbsp;&nbsp; today. We’ll reveal every opulent amenity&nbsp; and dive deep into famous owners’ lives. Number 20 - Lionheart A majestic 207-foot leviathan&nbsp;&nbsp; owned by British retail magnate Sir Philip&nbsp; Green. Estimated to cost around $150 million,&nbsp;&nbsp; she provides amenities galore for&nbsp; privileged guests. Do normal rules of&nbsp;&nbsp; sensible spending apply to billionaires&nbsp; like Sir Philip? Of course not! With a&nbsp;&nbsp; net worth around $3 billion, his pocket&nbsp; change alone could set most retirements. Built by the illustrious Italian shipyard&nbsp; Benetti, Lionheart entered service in 2016&nbsp;&nbsp; as a floating palace worthy of royalty. Her&nbsp; sweeping exterior lines give her a refined,&nbsp;&nbsp; regal bearing wherever she glides&nbsp; into port. At over 200 feet long,&nbsp;&nbsp; Lionheart dominates any marina or&nbsp; anchorage, dwarfing lesser craft. Her resplendent gleaming white hull and chrome&nbsp; accents sparkle brightly beneath the Mediterranean&nbsp;&nbsp; sun. And make no mistake, with twin 3,600&nbsp; horsepower engines, she can outrun most paparazzi&nbsp;&nbsp; at full throttle beyond 16 knots. Yes, Lionheart&nbsp; has a performance matching her imposing looks. Up top, the generous sun deck has plentiful&nbsp; cushy loungers for working on one's tan while&nbsp;&nbsp; a personal attendant delivers chilled&nbsp; Dom Perignon. What better way to spend a&nbsp;&nbsp; warm summer afternoon than basking lazily on&nbsp; your own superyacht? When the sun dips low,&nbsp;&nbsp; there's always the infinity-edge spa tub to&nbsp; unwind tired muscles. The good life indeed! Below deck is where the real luxury&nbsp; resides. With six lavish staterooms&nbsp;&nbsp; that welcome up to 12 fortunate guests,&nbsp; there's abundant room for family,&nbsp;&nbsp; friends or business colleagues.&nbsp; Plush carpets, enormous beds,&nbsp;&nbsp; marble-lined bathrooms - no expense was&nbsp; spared crafting Lionheart's splendid spaces. Number 19 - Aviva&nbsp; The beloved superyacht of billionaire&nbsp; financier Joe Lewis. Over 200 feet long,&nbsp;&nbsp; she provides a floating oasis for Lewis and&nbsp; his privileged guests. Aviva can welcome 16&nbsp;&nbsp; passengers across palatial spaces designed&nbsp; by Reymond Langton Design. But rest assured,&nbsp;&nbsp; Joe Lewis and friends will not exactly be roughing&nbsp; it aboard his $150 million aquatic estate. Some highlights of Aviva's lavish amenities&nbsp; include an indoor lap pool, private cinema,&nbsp;&nbsp; spa, gym, Jacuzzi and helicopter landing pad.&nbsp; The grand main saloon features floor-to-ceiling&nbsp;&nbsp; windows providing awe-inspiring panoramic views.&nbsp; Yes, Aviva surpasses expectations of comfort&nbsp;&nbsp; and elegance at every turn. She is a seagoing&nbsp; palace catering to every whim in regal style. But Aviva's most astounding feature sits&nbsp; up top - a full-sized regulation tennis&nbsp;&nbsp; court on her spacious upper deck! Leave it&nbsp; to Joe Lewis to ensure he can practice his&nbsp;&nbsp; backhand while afloat. Other billionaire&nbsp; yacht owners install hot tubs or pools,&nbsp;&nbsp; but the sports enthusiast wants amenities&nbsp; enabling his passions, no matter how impractical. Aviva also houses Lewis's priceless art&nbsp; collection in climate-controlled galleries.&nbsp;&nbsp; Pieces by Picasso, Rothko and others from his&nbsp; $1 billion stash adorn the hallways. Combined&nbsp;&nbsp; with lavish furnishings and fixtures, Aviva&nbsp; feels like a floating private museum. Yes,&nbsp;&nbsp; she offers rarities and indulgences&nbsp; beyond imagination's reach for most. Aviva is crewed by up to 17 staff ready&nbsp; to cater to Joe Lewis's smallest fancy 24&nbsp;&nbsp; hours a day. With a top speed around 17&nbsp; knots from her hardy MTU diesel engines,&nbsp;&nbsp; his home away from home can whisk Lewis and&nbsp; friends to any tropical destination swiftly. Number 18 - Solandge Completed in 2013 by German shipbuilding titan&nbsp;&nbsp; Lürssen, this 280-foot giant offers accommodation&nbsp; for 14 fortunate guests plus ample room for up to&nbsp;&nbsp; 29 crew members. For the right stratospheric&nbsp; price, you could even experience her splendor. Solandge's sleek exterior profile came from&nbsp; the drawing board of famed yacht designer Espen&nbsp;&nbsp; Oeino. Inside, the talented designer Aileen&nbsp; Rodriguez infused the living spaces with a&nbsp;&nbsp; contemporary zen minimalist aesthetic using&nbsp; rare wood veneers, neutral tones and marble. Floor-to-ceiling windows surround the&nbsp; upper deck lounge and adjoining areas,&nbsp;&nbsp; providing jaw-dropping panoramic views out&nbsp; over the bow. Spanning over 2,500 square feet,&nbsp;&nbsp; this privileged space features a baby grand&nbsp; piano and elegant furnishings for entertaining&nbsp;&nbsp; or relaxation. Without question, Solandge&nbsp; is a heavenly escape from the mundane world. For pleasure and recreation, Solandge features&nbsp; a cutting-edge fitness room, private cinema,&nbsp;&nbsp; heated pool and open-air Jacuzzi. Outside,&nbsp; guests can lounge poolside on cushioned chairs,&nbsp;&nbsp; dine al fresco beside the shimmering&nbsp; waters, or soak in the Jacuzzi. The&nbsp;&nbsp; 8 lavish VIP suites below deck offer&nbsp; princely accommodations fit for royalty,&nbsp;&nbsp; each with king-size beds, entertainment&nbsp; systems and spacious ensuite bathrooms. At night, an elaborate lighting system traces&nbsp; Solandge's silhouette, giving her an almost&nbsp;&nbsp; ethereal futuristic radiance. Powered by dual&nbsp; fuel-efficient yet muscular MTU diesel engines,&nbsp;&nbsp; Solandge can sprint to over 17 knots and&nbsp; cross the Atlantic without refueling. Number 17 - Ecstasea Russian billionaire Roman&nbsp;&nbsp; Abramovich's awe-inspiring superyacht Ecstasea&nbsp; holds down the 17th position on our list. This&nbsp;&nbsp; nearly 300-foot giant was constructed&nbsp; starting in 2004 by preeminent Dutch&nbsp;&nbsp; shipbuilder Feadship at a reported cost&nbsp; of $200 million - mere pocket change for&nbsp;&nbsp; someone of Abramovich's stature. Worth over&nbsp; $14 billion, his indulgences know no bounds. The immaculate gleaming white hull and&nbsp; raked superstructure are iconic sights&nbsp;&nbsp; gliding regally into any port. But the real&nbsp; treasures are found inside. No expense was&nbsp;&nbsp; spared creating Ecstasea's palatial spaces&nbsp; using the finest materials procured worldwide. Precious woods, Italian marble and gold accents&nbsp; adorn nearly every surface in the living spaces&nbsp;&nbsp; and master suites. The finest artisans crafted&nbsp; her sweeping spiral staircase and intricately&nbsp;&nbsp; detailed furnishings. Seven ultra elite guest&nbsp; staterooms offer a private slice of heaven,&nbsp;&nbsp; with Hermès leathers, Fendi&nbsp; cloth accent walls and lush&nbsp;&nbsp; king-size beds. 24-hour butler service&nbsp; ensures no request goes unfulfilled. Twin powerful MTU diesel engines propel&nbsp; her to 25 knots despite a tremendous&nbsp;&nbsp; displacement of over 4,500 tons. Abramovich&nbsp; made sure his personal superyacht combined&nbsp;&nbsp; performance with imposing looks. Ecstasea&nbsp; also features dual helicopter landing pads,&nbsp;&nbsp; a garage for water toys like jet skis and seabobs,&nbsp; and extensive storage for extended voyages. After wowing guests with unforgettable cruises&nbsp; to exotic locales, Ecstasea's crew of 30 ensure&nbsp;&nbsp; every need is catered for. It's this tireless&nbsp; service that makes staying aboard her a true&nbsp;&nbsp; five-star experience. While Abramovich has&nbsp; since upgraded to an even bigger yacht,&nbsp;&nbsp; Ecstasea remains an enduring symbol&nbsp; of high seas luxury and wealth. Number 16 - Rising Sun Measuring over 450 feet long, she offers immense&nbsp;&nbsp; interior volume spread across 7 spacious decks.&nbsp; This golden avenue castle was originally built in&nbsp;&nbsp; 2004 by Lürssen Yachts of Germany for Oracle CEO&nbsp; Larry Ellison at a cost exceeding $200 million. In 2007, fellow billionaire&nbsp; David Geffen purchased her,&nbsp;&nbsp; then invested another $50 million refitting&nbsp; the interiors and adding the latest amenities.&nbsp;&nbsp; With nearly 6,000 square feet of living&nbsp; space, Rising Sun accommodates up to 16&nbsp;&nbsp; privileged guests plus 54 crew members ready&nbsp; to cater to their every whim 24 hours a day. While not the largest megayacht by length,&nbsp; Rising Sun's voluminous 80-foot beam provides&nbsp;&nbsp; expansive real estate to house an eye-popping&nbsp; list of facilities including a private cinema,&nbsp;&nbsp; fitness center and spa, indoor basketball court,&nbsp;&nbsp; wine cellar and zen garden. One can play hoops&nbsp; or get a massage without ever going ashore! Outside, the rear pool deck launches smaller&nbsp; vessels like jet skis and speed boats. Or&nbsp;&nbsp; guests can simply lounge poolside and soak in the&nbsp; sweeping ocean views. When it's time to dine and&nbsp;&nbsp; socialize, the main deck lounge features a baby&nbsp; grand piano and elegant bar for entertaining. With a top speed near 20 knots&nbsp; from her twin diesel engines,&nbsp;&nbsp; Rising Sun consumes horizons swiftly. She has&nbsp; entertained A-list celebrities and business&nbsp;&nbsp; moguls around the world thanks to owner&nbsp; David Geffen's many Hollywood connections. Number 15 - Octopus Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen&nbsp;&nbsp; spent a reported $200 million constructing this&nbsp; 413-foot giant in 2003. She remains one of the&nbsp;&nbsp; largest personal superyachts ever launched,&nbsp; weighing over 10,000 gross metric tons. Octopus requires a full-time crew of&nbsp; 57 just to maintain her many complex&nbsp;&nbsp; systems and tend to pamper guests. She&nbsp; offers abundant space for 26 esteemed&nbsp;&nbsp; passengers across 13 lavish VIP suites.&nbsp; Facilities aboard include a music studio,&nbsp;&nbsp; full-size basketball court, glass bottom&nbsp; swimming pool, movie theatre, spa,&nbsp;&nbsp; helipad and a garage housing multiple&nbsp; helicopters and a personal submarine. Paul Allen insisted on an environmentally&nbsp; friendly hybrid propulsion system for Octopus,&nbsp;&nbsp; utilizing liquified natural gas and diesel. Her&nbsp; eight generators produce enough power for a small&nbsp;&nbsp; town! Clearly no expense was spared designing&nbsp; and engineering Allen's personal megayacht. Though Paul Allen passed away in 2018, his&nbsp; estate has kept Octopus in flawless condition,&nbsp;&nbsp; still cruising the world. Guests wanting an&nbsp; especially luxurious escape can charter her&nbsp;&nbsp; for over $2 million per week. She&nbsp; has been spotted in locales from&nbsp;&nbsp; the French Riviera during the Cannes Film&nbsp; Festival to Australia's Great Barrier Reef. Whether one desires fine dining beneath&nbsp; the stars, an underwater excursion,&nbsp;&nbsp; or basketball on the tide-compensated&nbsp; court, Octopus brings your wishes into&nbsp;&nbsp; reality. Each space provides optimal&nbsp; views outward through vast windows. Number 14 - Lady Moura The beloved yacht of Saudi&nbsp;&nbsp; billionaire Nasser Al-Rashid. This 344-foot regal&nbsp; vessel was custom built by Dutch firm Blohm+Voss&nbsp;&nbsp; and delivered in 1990 after nearly 6 years of&nbsp; meticulous construction. The final cost exceeded&nbsp;&nbsp; $210 million, but for someone of Al-Rashid's&nbsp; financial stature, such figures are trivialities. At the time, Lady Moura incorporated&nbsp; numerous technological firsts like&nbsp;&nbsp; her automated retractable roof and internal&nbsp; floodable garages to store tenders, jet skis&nbsp;&nbsp; and other watercraft. She can accommodate up to&nbsp; 30 privileged guests and 60 expert crew members. Some amazing exterior features include a&nbsp; lavish lounge area on the upper aft deck&nbsp;&nbsp; perfect for sunset cocktails or hobnobbing with&nbsp; fellow elites. There is also a generous hot tub,&nbsp;&nbsp; basketball court, putting green, jogging track&nbsp; and not one but two helicopter landing pads.&nbsp;&nbsp; Lady Moura is equipped for adventure&nbsp; and indulgence anywhere the winds blow. Her crowning glory sits on the resplendent&nbsp; rear pool deck. At the touch of a button,&nbsp;&nbsp; the pool roof retracts to convert the&nbsp; area into an open-air party space. And&nbsp;&nbsp; the name Lady Moura is writ large across&nbsp; the transom in real 24-karat gold - no&nbsp;&nbsp; delicate paint job here. Yes, she&nbsp; announces her presence proudly. Inside, the two-level master suite&nbsp; and adjoining VIP staterooms rival&nbsp;&nbsp; those found at the finest hotels. There&nbsp; is also a state-of-the-art fitness room,&nbsp;&nbsp; opulent dining room with Swarovski&nbsp; crystal chandeliers, private cinema,&nbsp;&nbsp; hair salon and more. The latest audio-visual&nbsp; systems provide entertainment on demand. With a range exceeding 5,000 nautical miles, Lady&nbsp; Moura is capable of globetrotting wherever her&nbsp;&nbsp; owner desires, or spending months at anchor as a&nbsp; private resort. Powerful diesel engines drive her&nbsp;&nbsp; to over 20 knots despite her massive size and&nbsp; displacement. Thirty years after her launch,&nbsp;&nbsp; Lady Moura still Represents the cutting&nbsp; edge of luxury yachting. Her lucky owner&nbsp;&nbsp; can rest assured he possesses one of&nbsp; the finest superyachts on the sea. Number 13 - Al Mirqab Commissioned by Qatar's&nbsp;&nbsp; former Prime Minister Hamad bin Jassim&nbsp; bin Jaber Al-Thani. He selected the&nbsp;&nbsp; Netherlands-based yacht builder Oceanco&nbsp; to construct Al Mirqab starting in 2004,&nbsp;&nbsp; with Tim Heywood Design handling her&nbsp; sweeping exterior lines. No expense was&nbsp;&nbsp; spared creating this 436-foot floating palace,&nbsp; which likely cost over $250 million to complete. Al Mirqab's most defining attribute is&nbsp; her abundance of expansive glass surfaces&nbsp;&nbsp; across multiple viewing decks. The reflective&nbsp; windows amplify the jaw-dropping ocean vistas&nbsp;&nbsp; and scenery beyond. She can accommodate 24 guests&nbsp; and 52 crew with true globe-trotting capability. Her 6,400 nautical mile range means she can cruise&nbsp; from the Persian Gulf to Northern Europe nonstop&nbsp;&nbsp; if desired - the perfect way to escape paparazzi&nbsp; or prying eyes. Yes, aboard Al Mirqab owners&nbsp;&nbsp; enjoy privacy and security unmatched on terra&nbsp; firma. They occupy their own untouchable realm. The onboard leisure amenities satisfy&nbsp; even the most discerning billionaire.&nbsp;&nbsp; There are two pristine swimming pools,&nbsp; a fully equipped gymnasium and spa,&nbsp;&nbsp; helicopter landing pad, movie theater with&nbsp; surround sound, and a sky lounge connected&nbsp;&nbsp; to an outdoor hot tub. The skylounge area&nbsp; even converts into a stage for performances. Twin powerful diesel engines drive Al&nbsp; Mirqab effortlessly forward at 25 knots.&nbsp;&nbsp; Despite her enormous size, Al Mirqab&nbsp; handles like a vessel half her scale. Number 12 - Dilbar&nbsp; Owned by Russian oligarch tycoon Alisher&nbsp; Usmanov. Constructed starting in 2008 by&nbsp;&nbsp; renowned German shipbuilder Lürssen Yachts&nbsp; and delivered in 2016, she likely cost Mr.&nbsp;&nbsp; Usmanov up to $256 million, proving price&nbsp; was no object creating his dream vessel. Spanning over 360 feet long with a generous beam,&nbsp; Dilbar ranks as one of the largest superyachts in&nbsp;&nbsp; the world by interior volume, with a gross&nbsp; tonnage exceeding 15,000 tons fully loaded.&nbsp;&nbsp; She can welcome 40 privileged guests easily&nbsp; across vast living spaces and staterooms.&nbsp;&nbsp; Dilbar maintains a crew of 96 - yes, nearly&nbsp; 100 - to cater to their every fancy and whim. Her shiny pearl white hull and superstructure&nbsp; are accented by enormous full-height glass&nbsp;&nbsp; windows that amplify the dramatic ocean&nbsp; views. Her Lürssen pedigree ensures the&nbsp;&nbsp; finest engineering and construction&nbsp; using Western technology. Advanced&nbsp;&nbsp; stabilization fins minimize any roll&nbsp; motion when anchored or cruising slowly. Naturally, Dilbar offers amenities to rival the&nbsp; finest resorts worldwide. Indulgences include&nbsp;&nbsp; the largest swimming pool ever installed&nbsp; on a private yacht, measuring over 82 feet&nbsp;&nbsp; long! There is also a beauty salon and spa,&nbsp; gymnasium, movie theater with a 3D screen,&nbsp;&nbsp; and separate living quarters for her extensive&nbsp; crew. Her interior decor exudes refinement and&nbsp;&nbsp; good taste thanks to precious metals, fine wood&nbsp; surfaces and elegant lighting accents throughout. To power this aquatic giant, Dilbar&nbsp; utilizes a hybrid propulsion system&nbsp;&nbsp; linking powerful diesel engines to an&nbsp; Azimut electrical boosting drive. She&nbsp;&nbsp; can sprint to 25 knots and has an enormous&nbsp; 8,200 mile range for globe-trotting journeys. Number 11 - Pelorus Built starting in 2003 by&nbsp;&nbsp; the German titan Lürssen Yachts for&nbsp; a reported price near $300 million,&nbsp;&nbsp; she was originally commissioned by wealthy&nbsp; Saudi tycoon Saman Abdullah. In 2004,&nbsp;&nbsp; Russian billionaire Roman Abramovich purchased&nbsp; her as his personal oceangoing sanctuary. With graceful exterior lines conceived&nbsp; by renowned designer Tim Heywood,&nbsp;&nbsp; Pelorus always makes a sterling first&nbsp; impression wherever she cruises. Her sweeping&nbsp;&nbsp; decks offer ample space for relaxation&nbsp; or alfresco dining beneath the stars,&nbsp;&nbsp; including a large heated pool with&nbsp; adjustable depth perfect for lounging. Inside, Pelorus provides accommodation&nbsp; for 24 privileged guests across 12&nbsp;&nbsp; well-appointed staterooms, each with its own&nbsp; private ensuite bathroom. No need to share&nbsp;&nbsp; here! She maintains a crew of 46 poised to&nbsp; deliver first-class service around the clock. The luxe interior decor includes a grand&nbsp; two-story foyer with sweeping staircase,&nbsp;&nbsp; contemporary furnishings, and surfaces of marble&nbsp; juxtaposed with rich hardwoods and designer&nbsp;&nbsp; lighting accents. Additional amenities onboard&nbsp; include a sundeck jacuzzi, fully equipped spa&nbsp;&nbsp; and gymnasium, and easy access to the ocean&nbsp; via fold-down exterior decks and stairways. At the rear, an enclosed&nbsp; hangar stores smaller boats,&nbsp;&nbsp; jet skis and other water toys to enjoy&nbsp; during coastal excursions or at anchor.&nbsp;&nbsp; Two powerful MTU diesel engines provide&nbsp; Pelorus with transoceanic range and a top&nbsp;&nbsp; speed beyond 20 knots - enough performance&nbsp; to outpace annoying paparazzi or malaise. Number 10 - Serene A magnificent 439-foot giantess that serves as a&nbsp;&nbsp; floating extravagant palace for the King of Saudi&nbsp; Arabia. This brand new superyacht was constructed&nbsp;&nbsp; by legendary Italian shipyard Fincantieri and&nbsp; delivered to her royal owners in 2011. She cost&nbsp;&nbsp; approximately $300 million to build and outfit -&nbsp; a figure that would make most gasp in disbelief. For a monarch, such an expenditure barely&nbsp; merits contemplation. Serene provides 7&nbsp;&nbsp; full decks of indulgent spaces including 24&nbsp; ultra-luxe staterooms that can welcome over&nbsp;&nbsp; 50 privileged guests and associated&nbsp; staff. She also features not just&nbsp;&nbsp; one but two helicopter landing pads,&nbsp; extensive pool decks inside and out,&nbsp;&nbsp; multiple hot tubs, a submarine bay&nbsp; and even an underwater viewing room! Guests can glimpse pelagic creatures and&nbsp; sea life gliding silently past the huge&nbsp;&nbsp; glass panels. Serene offers diversions and&nbsp; amenities to satisfy even the most demanding&nbsp;&nbsp; superyacht connoisseur. She is a maritime&nbsp; playground limited only by imagination. The sleek yet imposing exterior exhibiting&nbsp; vertical lines was conceived by Espen Øino&nbsp;&nbsp; Naval Architects to maximize interior&nbsp; volumes across her 195-foot beam. Inside,&nbsp;&nbsp; theultra-contemporary interior design flows&nbsp; from the talents of British firm Reymond&nbsp;&nbsp; Langton. Guests are left awe-struck&nbsp; by details like crystal furnishings,&nbsp;&nbsp; gold accents, soaring marble pillars, walls and&nbsp; floors. No surface or detail was overlooked. Beneath her gleaming exterior, Serene houses two&nbsp; ultra-powerful diesel engines producing well over&nbsp;&nbsp; 18,000 horsepower combined. This propels her&nbsp; to over 24 knots - enough speed to outpace&nbsp;&nbsp; annoying media - while still providing&nbsp; a remarkable Atlantic crossing range. Number 9 - Al Said Now into the billion-dollar&nbsp;&nbsp; realm at number 9, we find Al Said, the majestic&nbsp; superyacht beloved by Sultan Qaboos bin Said&nbsp;&nbsp; Al Said of Oman. At just over 509 feet, her&nbsp; enormous scale required construction resources&nbsp;&nbsp; on a national level, with work commencing in&nbsp; 2007 at a final cost well over $300 million. Espen Øino served as lead exterior stylist,&nbsp; conferring Al Said's signature long,&nbsp;&nbsp; low angular profile that cuts&nbsp; through the sea with authority.&nbsp;&nbsp; Although scant details have been revealed&nbsp; publicly about her layout and amenities,&nbsp;&nbsp; reports indicate Al Said has one of the largest&nbsp; private swimming pools ever built aboard a yacht,&nbsp;&nbsp; plus an expansive central atrium that&nbsp; houses her very own orchestral concert hall! Yes, the sultan can enjoy private recitals&nbsp; by world-class musicians without ever going&nbsp;&nbsp; ashore. Despite her mammoth size,&nbsp; Al Said reportedly can still reach&nbsp;&nbsp; 25 knots top speed thanks to the latest&nbsp; marine turbine powerplants. Her imposing&nbsp;&nbsp; yet graceful lines make a stunning&nbsp; impression wherever Al Said appears. As the longtime ruler of Oman, the Sultan&nbsp; can cruise in total security knowing his&nbsp;&nbsp; yacht's location is also a closely guarded state&nbsp; secret. Al Said operates in a rarefied realm,&nbsp;&nbsp; exceeding already ridiculous standards&nbsp; of wealth and influence. Her lucky&nbsp;&nbsp; owner answers only to himself, living a&nbsp; life unbounded by conventional limits. Number 8 - Radiant A modern 360-foot marvel commissioned&nbsp;&nbsp; by Emirati billionaire and businessman Abdulla Al&nbsp; Futtaim. This superyacht was constructed by the&nbsp;&nbsp; renowned German firm Lürssen over a meticulous&nbsp; four-year period before her delivery in 2009. Cost to construct? An estimated $320 million. But&nbsp; for someone of Al Futaim's financial stature, such&nbsp;&nbsp; a figure is insignificant. With sweeping exterior&nbsp; lines conceived by the designer Tim Heywood,&nbsp;&nbsp; Radiant cuts a striking form whether stationary&nbsp; or cruising at her top speed of 21 knots. Radiant pampers up to 20 fortunate&nbsp; guests across 10 lavish VIP suites,&nbsp;&nbsp; with ample room remaining to house&nbsp; 44 dedicated crew members. Her glossy&nbsp;&nbsp; exterior surfaces and enormous windows take&nbsp; full advantage of natural illumination,&nbsp;&nbsp; flooding the interior spaces with&nbsp; warmth and fresh ocean vistas. Guests will find every amenity and diversion&nbsp; conceivable, including multiple pools, spa,&nbsp;&nbsp; gymnasium, cinema, beach club and even&nbsp; a specialized live fish bait freezer&nbsp;&nbsp; to keep the finest sushi ingredients fresh! Yes,&nbsp;&nbsp; Radiant offers entertainment to satisfy even&nbsp; the most jet setting superyacht connoisseur. Her lucky owners can circumnavigate the&nbsp; globe while enjoying facilities comparable&nbsp;&nbsp; to an upscale resort. Yet they are cosseted&nbsp; away from the nuisance of crowds and public&nbsp;&nbsp; scrutiny. Aboard Radiant, billionaires&nbsp; inhabit an untouchable dream realm free&nbsp;&nbsp; of worldly concerns and limitations. Yes,&nbsp; superyachts like Radiant represent true escape. Number 7 - Dubai Now entering the most&nbsp;&nbsp; rarefied category of all, we reach number 7 and&nbsp; the megayacht Dubai. This 531-foot aquatic palace&nbsp;&nbsp; was meticulously constructed by Blohm + Voss&nbsp; to the exacting specifications of its owner,&nbsp;&nbsp; Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum. The&nbsp; Sheikh serves as the Prime Minister and&nbsp;&nbsp; Vice President of the United Arab Emirates&nbsp; in addition to being the ruler of Dubai. Yes, Dubai was custom made&nbsp; to serve the royal family,&nbsp;&nbsp; with virtually unlimited resources and&nbsp; manpower allocated to her design and&nbsp;&nbsp; construction. Delivered in 2006 after&nbsp; nearly four years of intensive labor,&nbsp;&nbsp; her rumored cost exceeded $400 million. But for&nbsp; royalty, such arbitrary figures mean little. At over 530 feet in length, Dubai holds&nbsp; the distinction of being one of the largest&nbsp;&nbsp; private superyachts ever commissioned. She can&nbsp; comfortably accommodate 115 privileged guests and&nbsp;&nbsp; crew across vast interior volumes and multiple&nbsp; decks. The sheer scale is difficult to convey;&nbsp;&nbsp; upon arriving in port, no structure comes&nbsp; close to matching her imposing presence. Guests are greeted by a soaring lobby&nbsp; atrium featuring a Arabian dhow sailing&nbsp;&nbsp; ship suspended mid-air! Further inside&nbsp; one finds indulgent details like the&nbsp;&nbsp; dazzling circular glass staircase ringed&nbsp; by color-changing lighting effects and&nbsp;&nbsp; mosaic tiled swimming pool flanked&nbsp; by palm trees on the upper sun deck. Yes, Dubai's interiors exude magnificence at&nbsp; every turn, integrating the finest materials,&nbsp;&nbsp; eastern influences and advanced technology.&nbsp; Her onboard movie theatre, lounges, spas and&nbsp;&nbsp; VIP suites rival those found at five-star hotels.&nbsp; Outside, the sweeping aft deck contains hot tubs,&nbsp;&nbsp; bar areas, and a landing pad for the&nbsp; Sheikh's personal Blackhawk helicopter. With a cruising speed over 25 knots, Dubai&nbsp; can outrun bothersome media and all care.&nbsp;&nbsp; Wherever she travels, lesser craft give way&nbsp; to her commanding presence. Dubai serves as&nbsp;&nbsp; a private portable island only the ultra elite can&nbsp; afford. For royalty, nothing but the best will do. Number 6 - Motor/Sailing Yacht A No expense was spared creating this&nbsp;&nbsp; uniquely faceted vessel. Owned by billionaire&nbsp; Russian tycoon Andrey Melnichenko. With its&nbsp;&nbsp; unconventional angular profile resembling&nbsp; a stealth warship, Motor Yacht A measures&nbsp;&nbsp; nearly 400 feet long and provides occasional&nbsp; accommodation for 14 guests across 7 decks. Melnichenko commissioned renowned Blohm + Voss&nbsp; shipyards to construct his dream yacht, delivered&nbsp;&nbsp; after four years of secretive development in 2008.&nbsp; Unverified estimates place the cost near $500&nbsp;&nbsp; million. But for someone of Melnichenko’s&nbsp; financial means, figures hardly matter. Instead of a traditional luxury&nbsp; aesthetic, lead designer Philippe&nbsp;&nbsp; Starck took inspiration from the 1930’s&nbsp; Art Deco movement when conceiving Motor&nbsp;&nbsp; Yacht A’s distinctive interior spaces.&nbsp; The result combines geometrical forms,&nbsp;&nbsp; polished metal finishes, and fluid curved&nbsp; details throughout her chambers. Melnichenko&nbsp;&nbsp; was closely involved in the design process,&nbsp; pushing for something totally original. Powered by twin high-output diesel engines,&nbsp; Motor Yacht A tops 30 knots at full throttle,&nbsp;&nbsp; equally at home crossing oceans or outracing&nbsp; paparazzi. Wherever she appears, dockside crowds&nbsp;&nbsp; stop and point at her unconventional silhouette&nbsp; that rises 14 stories above the waterline. Number 5 - Topaz Constructed by German yard Lürssen&nbsp;&nbsp; in 2012 for Abu Dhabi Royal Sheikh Mansour bin&nbsp; Zayed Al Nahyan. At nearly 500 feet in length and&nbsp;&nbsp; costing an estimated $527 million, Topaz secures a&nbsp; spot among the top five priciest yachts worldwide. The work of designers Tim&nbsp; Heywood and Terence Disdale,&nbsp;&nbsp; Topaz features generous exterior deck spaces&nbsp; perfect for sunbathing and alfresco dining,&nbsp;&nbsp; all spread across eight floors from sea&nbsp; to sky. Inside, up to 25 guests can be&nbsp;&nbsp; accommodated across 12 lavish staterooms,&nbsp; carefully tended by 60 diligent crew members. Topaz offers ample room for owners and their&nbsp; fortunate guests to mix public and private&nbsp;&nbsp; event spaces However they desire. She houses&nbsp; multiple lounges and bars, two pools, spas,&nbsp;&nbsp; movie theatres, and a grand central&nbsp; staircase under a domed atrium over&nbsp;&nbsp; 50 feet high. Twin diesel engines give&nbsp; Topaz transoceanic range and a top speed&nbsp;&nbsp; approaching 25 knots - enough performance&nbsp; for swift changes of scenery when desired. Number 4 - Azzam Now entering the&nbsp;&nbsp; pinnacle of opulent superyachts, at number&nbsp; 4 we find the largest private yacht ever&nbsp;&nbsp; constructed - the 590-foot giant named&nbsp; Azzam. Meticulously crafted by premier&nbsp;&nbsp; German yacht builder Lürssen starting in&nbsp; 2012, Azzam was commissioned by Sheikh&nbsp;&nbsp; Khalifa bin Zayed Al Nayan, President of the&nbsp; United Arab Emirates and Emir of Abu Dhabi. With a reported price near to $600&nbsp; million, Azzam stretches the limits&nbsp;&nbsp; of what is possible with personal yachts.&nbsp; She incorporates many technological firsts&nbsp;&nbsp; like extremely lightweight carbon fiber&nbsp; construction and the latest propulsion&nbsp;&nbsp; and navigation systems. Guests can enjoy&nbsp; a grand saloon, multiple spas and pools,&nbsp;&nbsp; cascading staircases and staterooms able&nbsp; to accommodate over 60 in sublime comfort. Azzam seems to eclipse all rivals in every&nbsp; way. Her top speed exceeds 31 knots thanks&nbsp;&nbsp; to propulsion power unrivaled on the seas -&nbsp; 36 megawatt turbines outputting over 64,000&nbsp;&nbsp; horsepower, more thrust than a Space Shuttle&nbsp; launch! Clearly Sheikh Al Nayan invested&nbsp;&nbsp; top dollar to guarantee Azzam's reign as the&nbsp; ultimate superyacht flagship for decades to come. The fortunate owner can roam the oceans protected&nbsp; by layers of security in total privacy. After all,&nbsp;&nbsp; what is the purpose of great wealth if not&nbsp; assurance of complete peace? Azzam delivers&nbsp;&nbsp; this promise on a nearly incomprehensible&nbsp; scale. Wherever she enters port, all other&nbsp;&nbsp; vessels, structures and people become&nbsp; relatively insignificant by comparison. Number 3 - Streets of Monaco Now into the billion-dollar sector,&nbsp;&nbsp; at number 3 we find the under-construction&nbsp; superyacht Streets of Monaco. Measuring over&nbsp;&nbsp; 570 feet in length when complete, this&nbsp; $1 billion aquatic showcase conception&nbsp;&nbsp; of Yacht Island Design will mimic actual&nbsp; city streets and landmarks of Monaco. Guests will feel as if they are perusing Monte&nbsp; Carlo and the Grand Prix supercar circuit,&nbsp;&nbsp; all while enjoying the ultimate luxury amenities.&nbsp; The upper decks will house lavish lounges,&nbsp;&nbsp; cocktail bars, infinity pools&nbsp; and open air spaces to relax,&nbsp;&nbsp; dine and party. For recreation, full-sized&nbsp; golf greens and tennis courts are planned. Below decks, living quarters for 16&nbsp; elite guests will be finished to the&nbsp;&nbsp; highest standards of comfort, technology and&nbsp; taste. Crew facilities will accommodate over&nbsp;&nbsp; 70 staff members that cater to owners'&nbsp; every need regardless of the hour. Yes,&nbsp;&nbsp; Streets of Monaco will blend transportation&nbsp; with entertainment in an unprecedented way. No expense will be spared, from the genuine&nbsp; Formula 1 cars owner can race around the deck, to&nbsp;&nbsp; the swarovski crystal-studded jacuzzi, champagne&nbsp; bar and helicopter landing pad. Advanced dynamic&nbsp;&nbsp; positioning and GPS hybrid drive systems will&nbsp; enable her to remain stationary without anchors. Slated for unveiling in 2024, this&nbsp; billion-dollar vessel aims to redefine&nbsp;&nbsp; the limits of what is possible in&nbsp; a privately owned superyacht. For&nbsp;&nbsp; the ultra-wealthy designers of Streets&nbsp; of Monaco, only their imaginations set&nbsp;&nbsp; boundaries. She will undoubtedly turn&nbsp; heads wherever she eventually sails. Number 2 - Eclipse Occupying the number two spot is the grand&nbsp;&nbsp; superyacht Eclipse, owned by Russian billionaire&nbsp; and industrial tycoon Roman Abramovich.&nbsp;&nbsp; Constructed in 2010 by the esteemed German&nbsp; shipyard Blohm + Voss, Eclipse measures over&nbsp;&nbsp; 550 feet long and reportedly cost Mr. Abramovich&nbsp; $1.5 billion, more than the GDP of some nations! Yes, no expense was spared designing Eclipse&nbsp; as the ultimate personal luxury liner. Some&nbsp;&nbsp; highlights include 24 elegantly appointed&nbsp; guest cabins that can welcome over 90 crew&nbsp;&nbsp; and visitors across vast deck spaces and saloons.&nbsp; She also features two swimming pools, hot tubs,&nbsp;&nbsp; a private cinema, beauty salon, spa, and of&nbsp; course, a helicopter hangar and landing pad. The nine-deck master suite spans two entire&nbsp; levels and is completely bulletproof,&nbsp;&nbsp; with armored plating and panels throughout.&nbsp; Eclipse was also the first private yacht to&nbsp;&nbsp; install an intruder detection system&nbsp; with missile countermeasures! She can&nbsp;&nbsp; accommodate parties of nearly 100&nbsp; thanks to enormous interior volume. Powered by four MTU diesel engines, Eclipse&nbsp; reaches over 20 knots despite her tremendous&nbsp;&nbsp; size and weight. Yes, she provides Roman&nbsp; Abramovich with his own portable private&nbsp;&nbsp; island able to spirit him away in secrecy&nbsp; and safety to any ocean destination. Number 1 - History Supreme Though not the largest in size,&nbsp;&nbsp; her lavish use of precious metals throughout make&nbsp; her the priciest private yacht ever sold at an&nbsp;&nbsp; astonishing $4.8 billion dollars! Conceived and&nbsp; constructed by UK luxury designer Stuart Hughes,&nbsp;&nbsp; she was built for an anonymous Malaysian&nbsp; businessman who clearly valued exclusivity. Let's consider what exactly $4 billion can&nbsp; buy. The entire base of History Supreme is&nbsp;&nbsp; formed from 10,000 kilograms of&nbsp; solid gold. The master bedroom&nbsp;&nbsp; includes wall art made from meteoric&nbsp; stone and genuine dinosaur bone! A&nbsp;&nbsp; platinum coated Monopoly board with diamond&nbsp; playing pieces also graces the interior. Throughout her spaces, surfaces are coated&nbsp; with precious metals - 100 million-year-old&nbsp;&nbsp; Northumberland platinum, meteorite slices,&nbsp; gold flakes and accents. Even mundane&nbsp;&nbsp; features like door hinges, tap handles and&nbsp; stunt rails are fashioned from platinum,&nbsp;&nbsp; gold and silver. No detail or material was&nbsp; too precious for use somewhere onboard. Without question, no private yacht rivals the&nbsp; sheer decadence and value of History Supreme.&nbsp;&nbsp; She fulfills the elite notion that anything can be&nbsp; built, regardless of cost, if one simply wills it.&nbsp;&nbsp; Her sheer extravagance has cemented her place as&nbsp; the undisputed champion of luxury vessels. Yes,&nbsp;&nbsp; she is a golden symbol representing mankind's&nbsp; limitless appetite for ever greater opulence.

  Top Comments:
  1. @EliteLuxury1 [21 likes]: Please subscribe to our new channel to continue watching luxury videos, as we’re not allowed to post new videos on this channel until further notice.
https://youtube.com/@paragonluxe?si=97jjRB8Fg1Ibbp5q
  2. @professfuckerQueens [1 likes]: Inside The $9,000,000,000 Most Insanely Expensive Yachts
  3. @AbdellahBenina [1 likes]: 🇦🇷💞🇧🇷💞🇫🇷💞🇵🇰💞🇪🇸💞🇹🇷💞🇨🇭💞💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💞💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💞💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💞💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💞💞💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎
  4. @AngelInTheCloudz [1 likes]: GREED at its finest.
  5. @Gillozz: Not a single day i would trade my life for this
  6. @claudemaley2260: Meanwhile, BILLIONS are close to starvation across the planet!! WHEN will these Narcissists ever think one minute about the plight of the world population. Disgusting opulence
  7. @عبدالحيجاهمي: زوج ملاير دولار وست مائة مليار دولار كاش بضبط 💵💵سميربن عيسى بضبط
  8. @Mark-h1i3k: AI at its best.
  9. @jondoyle4398: Started out impressively,   then it turned obscene,  some disgustingly selfish people on this Earth ?
  10. @mayamoimayamoi5215: someday there'll be memory implants that will make a person feel they're living this life without having to live it.
  11. @michellescarborough16: No matter what it cost, it still can sink!  This is all about ego's. This doesn't impress me at all. What impresses me is what is priceless and doesn't cost a thing. You figure that one out.
  12. @blidzshon1966: I wonder how many of these people were regular at Little Saint-James, or whose name are on certain files... These guys bought their little own paradise to avoid the hellish society they build when gathering at the WEF. Those yatchs are magnificent, yet pure obscene luxury, this is sickening
  13. @vukasnerma4126: I would love to be a simple millionaire, enjoying life in a simple way. if you know the low points.
  14. @nancyhogue4345: does Donald Trump own one of these?
  15. @fredscott857: Intelligent people.........if you believe you have received ❤ Beautiful
  16. @stayhumble4ever: And we get side eyes when we want a family car..
  17. @GeraghtyAD51: History has always had absurd wealth concentrated in a small fraction of 1% of the population. As unfortunate as it is, no human civilization or form of government has overcome this.
  18. @steveskonberg1599: 9 billion? I don’t think so.
  19. @Dechantel-v8d: These are simply breathtaking I didn't know Africa was poor every country has gold and diamonds mines America has banks ❤❤😂
  20. @AlcidesUrriola-m7o: No LOVE lomo

- FULL  Sailboat  Tour  [Affordable 38ft Self Sufficient Reliable Ocean Sailing Monohull 2025]: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] This is the sailing vessel Adventureorn, a beautifully modernized 1984 Bento Ideally, 11.5 m or 38 ft long. She's a sloop rigged monohole with a fin keel and a sk hung rudder. Her beam is 12 ft wide with a shallow draft of 4 1/2 ft deep and an airdraft of 52 feet tall. She's held securely by a 45lb Vulcan rockna anchor with 125 ft of 5/16 stainless steel chain and an extra 100 ft of nylon road beyond that. I've been living aboard full-time for the past 6 and 1/2 years. Ever since I bought her in Cape Cod, Massachusetts for $23,000 cash. Since then, I've poured time, love, and hardearned money into this boat, refitting, repairing, upgrading, and improving her from the ground up. She's gone from a tired old cruiser to my dream adventure home on a budget. And thanks to that effort, her value today is far greater. Not just in dollars, but what she can do. From solo passages to remote island exploration, AdventureBorans proved her worth on every journey. Totaling nearly 10,000 nautical miles of distant sail, this boat is the ultimate off-grid adventure machine, especially when she's out here in a tropical paradise doing what she was made to do. Now, let's take a deeper look at my humble floating home and everything that makes AdventureBorn one of a kind. All right, welcome on board my sailboat adventure board. We're going to start this tour up on the bow and then we'll work our way back through the cockpit, the dinghy, and then down inside. Let's check it out. Walking up the deck here, we've got plenty of space to move through. This area of the boat is called the for deck. Forward meaning forward and deck meaning the top surface here. It's a great place to lounge around and enjoy a beautiful day. At the very front most of the boat is actually the anchor. Right now, it's set in about 9 ft of water, giving me this as my home for as long as I want and absolutely free. When sailing or motoring underway, this the dolphin chaser is a great place to sit, watch the waves, and enjoy the journey. The chain and anchor then can be retracted up here to the bow where you can see I made a custom bow shield with stainless steel. And even the chain that I have for my anchor is stainless steel. A large portion of the for deck is actually this door right here, which opens up to the anchor locker. Here is the windless that'll help me pull in the anchor. But oftent times I'll sit inside of it like so. And I'll pull my anchor hand over hand. With the anchor locker closed, I can now get back to enjoying the for deck. That's a great place to lounge out. This is a forwardmost of two hatches on the boat. Draws air in and brings it down into here into the V-birth, which we'll check out later. This is the largest and at a good anchorage, the best bed to be in on the boat. midship at the top deck here. We've got a gaff boat hook, another boat hook, and then my lines running and standing rigging all here connecting up to the mast. My mast is about 52 ft tall from the water. Each of these lines here is known as a howiard, meaning they connect to go up to the top of the mast and they will raise and lower a sail. These lines, however, are known as sheets. In particular, these are jib sheets which pull my jib forward and back. Supporting this 52 foot and several hundred lb aluminum mast are these shrouds on the sides as well as a foray hidden as a cable underneath and inside this jib and then a back stay going all the way the back and going through the top of my dodger. Behind the mast, we've got a few winches to help me raise and lower sails, as well as a boom bang to tighten in the boom and significantly helps bring down the boom, which allows you to sail closer to the wind. This is what's known as a stack pack, which holds my entire main sail in it and keeps it out of the sun until I'm ready to go sailing. This needs to be raised and lowered, as opposed to my jib, which can be furled and unfurled. All of the major control lines, such as howards, sheets, travelers, and the main sheet all go back inside the cockpit here through the dodger. This keeps me dry and warm. Speaking of warm, this is a little solar shower. It's how I take somewhat hot showers when I want to. Adventure is a very simple boat. It means I have to spend less money and maintain less systems. Moving even further back here is my dodger and my biminy structure. The dodger again is going to keep waves and spray out of the cockpit. Keeps me nice and warm and dry. And then the biminy is an entire aluminum structure that's been fused to the fiberglass of the boat that gives me not only shade on top, solar on top, supports my Starlink for internet, as well as holds up my dinghy and a swim platform. It's a major structure that I've had to put significant work into, but it greatly increases the use and value of the boat. And just like in typical sailor fashion, we've got a new neighbor pulling in. You never know sometimes if your next neighbor is going to be in a vagabond derelike monohole or a nice power cat like this one. All right, now let's get out of the wind and the sun and we'll get inside the cockpit. You can probably hear the difference of just how much quieter it is in here as well. You don't have the sun beating down on you, which in the tropics is a big deal. This area is known as the dodger, protecting us from the front. You can think of this like a windshield on a car. Back here, we've got the howiards that come back. And these are each on a one-way clutch. Meaning, when I pull tight on these lines, they'll only come back in. They can't go the other way. But if I want to release them, I karate chop here, and that'll release the line. Got my main sheet as well right here, set on many blocks to give me a mechanical advantage as well. This space has a companion way, which would take you down below, but we'll check that out in a second. Another major upgrade I made to this boat was the cockpit. Instead of having the traditional bench seating on either side, I added four planks to give me a cockpit bed. This also allows space for a freezer and a dive locker. Now, with the boards up, you see how much storage space I get in here, including a heavily insulated freezer. This allows me to have ice cream if I want to when I'm far off grid. So, you see just how much storage space this provides me. This area back here is typically for ventilation on the freezer. And then right here is usually where I keep my dive stuff. I've got fins, mask, snorkel, pole, spear, and a few other things just to keep me warm out there. And if I want, I can raise this up as a table and have a picnic out here. And to get to the main lazette on the boat, which gives me the most storage space, the infinity locker, as I call it, I only need to take up two of these planks. Lift this up and this can swing open. The infinity locker truly lives up to its name. I could almost stand up down there. And if I hadn't added all these things, you could probably sleep a couple people in here. But I do have my water maker down there, unit running across, kiteboarding gear. You can see folding bicycle, a punching bag. I've got different oils and spare parts, fire extinguishers, radio parts, aerial silk, slack line, and all other things I might need all down here. It's a super useful space to keep whatever I need. This cockpit area is a great place to host people. I made these cushions myself out of inexpensive Amazon Pilates mats. It's about 1-in thick foam. This makes for a really comfortable space to relax, have company over, or if I'm out sailing. And if I need to as well during a long night passage, I can sleep easily several ways here. Moving further aft, we see the big jib sheet winches here. These are the biggest winches I have on the boat. And they also have a self-tailor, which makes it really easy to bring in and let out the jib sheet. you see some of my sailboat gardens, although it's not as much as I would normally have on here. Right now, I've got some aloe plants growing, which are great for drinks as well as helping for sunburn. Now, here we've got the helm, the heart of the sailboat. From here, I can stand up and have vision 360° around me, as well. I've got my engine controls right here, forward, reverse, and then also to take it out of gear to help charge the batteries. Over here, these two panels here control my depth sounder and my autopilot. This is essential for long-distance travel. Underneath the cockpit bench is Jerry jugs for diesel, gasoline, and propane. This is a freshwater shower hose, which I can take, mount right here, and take fresh showers. Although, I do have to be careful. Depending on where I am, privacy might be an issue. But normally, I'm anchored far off grid alone, and I don't have to worry about any sort of privacy. To help save on water consumption, I normally jump in the ocean, jump back out, suds up, jump back in to rinse off, and then a final freshwater rinse. That way, I'm salt free. Here in the aft section of the sailboat, we've got two more lazettes. This holds lines, buoys, fenders, other things like that. And then right here is one of the best features of Adventure Born, the swim platform. This took me a couple years to get right, but now that I have, it gives me two more feet of highly usable space on the boat. The usefulness of this swim platform cannot be overstated. Both for just fun lounging around, jumping off into the water, filleting fish, as well as for a safety precaution, as well for just day-to-day use when I need to unload and offload things from the dinghy. This is a Highfield 310 Hypolon rigid hole inflatable dinghy. Got a 15 horsepower two-stroke Yamaha on the back. This is the ultimate adventure dinghy. It can go anywhere and do anything. It's exactly what I need. You can think of a dinghy a lot like a house in a car. If the sailboat's a house, the dinghy is a car. A dinghy is absolutely essential to get around to the shallower, interesting places that the sailboat's already brought you close to. But with a sailboat's draft of 4 1/2 ft, you can never go that close into shore. So, a dinghy absolutely essential. All right, now that we've thoroughly toured the outside, let's check out the inside of the sailboat. Welcome down below. The first thing most people say when they come down below is, "Wow, it's bigger on the inside." For only a 38T sailboat, there's a ton of space down below. And with all this well-crafted original hardwood, has a very homey, earthy feel to it. Now, I personally prefer usually to live here in the A cabin. The A cabin sits right below the cockpit here. And believe it or not, this is meant for two people. Though, normally you go in feet first, not head first. But for me, it's just one person. I like to use this side here for storage and go in head first. It's very comfortable bed back here as well. I've got a ton of storage on the side. These are drones, safety equipment, medical equipment, more drones, whatever I might need. It's just a great place for storage cuz I usually don't put two people back here. Plenty of fans for ventilation. Keeps the area cool. And then I've got all the clothes storage that I could want. Here is sort of like a dresser from pants and shirts that I might wear in public. And then up here, I like to keep shorts and whatever I might want to work in. You'll find a lot of little cubbies like this on the boat that are really good for storage. It's a good spot for me to keep socks and underwear. And then in here is a little closet so I can hang up whatever I might need for my nice dress shirts as well as have a little bit more storage down here. No space goes to waste on this boat. Both cabins do have a door so you have total privacy back here. This is where the engine is inside here. So I have doors for access to work on it. The fuel tank is just back in there. And then here are the MPPPT solar charge controllers. Underneath me is the lithium battery bank that I built myself and then a 3000 W inverter. This is essential stuff for the boat that lets me live really like anybody else in the house. Moving on out of here, let's check out the galley. This full kitchen allows me to do all the cooking I might need on a twoburner propane stove. And down here, you've got a broiler and an oven inside. And you'll notice the stove moves a little. This is a gimbling stove. Now, the purpose of a gimbling stove is when you're out in the ocean and the boat's rocking side to side, you won't lose your dinner. But when you are in a stable place, if you want, you can also lock it down. And now you're good to cook and not worry about it moving around on you. Behind the stove, we've got storage space for cups, sugar, salt, coffee, peanut butter, whatever I might need back here. And then up top, we've got storage space for napkins, pots, and pans, lighters. And then over here, I like to have my Tupperware. This is a refrigerator with a large cold plate going all around and I can have any type of food that I want. Right now, I've got some kale, bacon, and even those frozen blueberries from earlier. And when this is down, it can be used as a countertop space. But most often, I'm grabbing ingredients from here. I usually prefer to cut them right here. And then I've got my knife selection here. This double tub stainless steel sink is great for washing dishes and drying dishes. Although, right now I have in here sprouts that I'll be making. I typically don't use a pressurized water system. Instead, I prefer to use the foot pump here. So, I have both my hands ready and I use only the minimum amount of water. Check it out. The water that's in here is reverse osmosis water maker water. So, it's as pure as possible, so you can drink it, shower with it, wash your dishes, and even use it to rinse the sprouts. And lastly, I've got two more compartments. The herbs and spice cabinet, which I get a lot of use out of. And then over here is an incredible amount of storage both for silverware and then anything else you might need in the kitchen. Again, no space is wasted on Adventure Born. Moving on to the salon, the living room of the sailboat. Sitting at the dining table, you'll notice it's actually separated into three different sections. A leaf on either side that can come up and then be propped up. As you can see here, this is the snack bin, which is always well stocked. And with this sleeve down, you can pull out a board, double the cushions, take these off, and you have space to sleep two more people. Adventure Barn actually sleeps eight people in beds. Two in the aft cabin, two in the forward cabin, two here, one here on the couch, and then one behind me in the seabirth. Let's check that out. This is known as a seabirth, and it's one of the most comfortable beds when the boat is actually underway sailing, particularly on a starboard attack, where the sailboat is leaned over this way. When that happens, your body gets slightly pressed against the hole here and you hear the waves lapping against it. But normally for me, I just use it as a place to keep some towels, a subwing, a pillow, and it's a really great spot when I have extra crew. I just need a place to keep a few more people. Above this, you'll notice I have these little trays here. These are my indoor boat garden trays. The six of these allows me to grow anything like basil, rosemary, oregano, or any other type of small plant. I keep a map of the Caribbean here front and center just to remind me of where I might be going. It's crazy to believe that not too long ago I was down here and now I'm all the way up here soon to be even further north. The starboard side of Adventure Board here is usually a walkway, but you can lift this side up. This does block access to the V-birth, but normally you put this leaf up when you're doing a big dinner. I think my record so far has been 12 people around this table. It gets tight, but you can fit them in. Behind me, got a full library of all different boats from sailing to how things work. Here's where to keep the produce. It's really nice to have a change of pace of having fresh fruits and vegetables on the boat. Only possible because we're near civilization right now. Behind the cushions on both sides here are tons of food storage for huge amount of food that I'm able to store and easily access. I have further food storage underneath the floorboards as well as a lot under the V-birth. Speaking of which, let's check out the V-birth. Now, the V-birth has the largest bed on the boat. Although, if you're at a rough anchorage and the bow is bouncing up and down in waves, it can be very uncomfortable. But right now, where I'm in a nice secure anchorage and I've got the breeze coming in, it's a beautiful place to sleep or just lounge around and relax. And similar to the F cabin, a lot of times I'll sleep in here head first. But if I've got company with me, we'll both sleep the way you're supposed to, which is your head up here and your feet going that way. That way, your upper body, which is more triangular shaped, takes up more space back here and your feet goes towards the front. storage space ever being a premium. I keep more items up here, including a bow, mono fin, one of my favorite toys, the Subnato Super Jet. Under the cushions, you've got even more storage for food or other supplies on the boat. We've got lots of fans for ventilation when there isn't wind. Got storage space over here for clothes, pants, socks, things like that. And then over here we've got the biggest closet on the boat where I keep my foul weather gear, big wool jackets, things like that. All right, now let's head back for the editing station. This is the editing station where I spend a lot of my time editing videos and working on my YouTube channel. It's not exactly a huge area, but it packs a lot into a small space. You can tell this space only barely fits me, and I made it just that. custom chair, customized the table, everything. So, I can spend as much time right here working on my laptop. Right here within arms reach, we've got all the things that I need. I've got my electrical displays here, my 120 volt AC panel, my 12vt DC panel, billagege pumps, battery monitors, diesel gauge, starter battery moni, starter battery voltage, RPMs, engine temperature. I've got flashlights, I've got VHF radios, too, Insta 360, other cameras right nearby. I've got so many things right here at my fingertips because this effectively is my job right here. This is what pays for the whole operation. But it's not just what you see up here. There's still even more space down here where I've got all my different camera bags and accessories ready to go. And then in here, I've got things for charging. And here's where I do most of the charging for my action cameras, which is very important. It's the main way that I film. All right. Now, let's move from the editing station to the head. Pretty simple, but let's go through everything. Obviously, the toilet here, this is the Jabsco head. It's a simple toilet that uses a manual pump both to pump water in and pump waste out. seaw water in and your waste out to a septic tank where it can be treated later. It's definitely not the biggest toilet, but it's got more than enough space for most people. I'm able to use regular toilet paper in my septic tank, something most boats are not able to do. To the right of me here is what I call my workshop table. This is actually a large piece of starboard, and so if I ever ding it up, I can repair it or change it out quickly. And that's because down below here is the rest of the workshop. This is where I keep all of my tools. The amount of tools I'm able to keep in here is pretty impressive. And these are just the tools so I can get at them quickly. These are not all the tools, but just the most important ones. Everything from screwdrivers and wrenches to power tools like a drill and my favorite, the grinder, just in case anything ever goes too wrong, I can't really fix it. And then lastly, in the back here, we've got some shelf space and some cubby space for toiletries. Now, you'll notice I've got this one pretty stocked and this one empty. It's cuz I've got a crew member coming today, so I'll let them put their stuff right here so they feel right at home. It really does give you all the storage space you need back here for any of your personal items. Then over here, this is the chemicals closet. Has everything from dish soap to WD40 and everything in between. As well, I've got spare toilet paper, spare canvas, and spare fiberglass back in here in case I need to make any repairs. All right, moving out of the head. Let's take a look at the last component to the boat, the engine room. This easily comes away from the stairs. Put this off to the side. Now I've got great access to work on my engine. This is a 2007 Volvo Penta D240. It's a 40 horsepower diesel engine that is just rock solid and has never failed me. Over the past 6 and 1/2 years since I bought Adventureorn, I've sailed her nearly 10,000 nautical miles. from as far north as Cape Cod, Massachusetts, through New York City, down the entire East Coast, through the Atlantic inter coastal waterway, all the way into the Florida Keys, across the Gulf Stream to the best of the beautiful Bahamas, and eventually down into the Dominican Republic to continue sailing eastward against the trade winds along the thorny path. From wonderful St. Martin. I'd enjoy international island hopping southwards, cruising one paradise after another till my furthest sailing destination of Grenada, then slowly back up to do it all over again till I arrived back home in the US of A. This sailboat, she's been so much more to me than just fiberglass, rigging, and many refits. She's been my home, my means of inexpensive international travel, the best way to live my dreams, and the catalyst for ultimate freedom. She's given me solitude when needed and adventure when I craved it. Growing along the way by being my own captain has taught me patience, self-reliance, indomitability, and most of all, how to slow down and enjoy the little things. But now, a new adventure is calling me. And as hard as it is to let go, I must to move forward. It's time for someone else to write the next chapter with this capable sailboat. Check the link in the description below if you're interested in buying Adventure Board and realizing your own sailing dream. Because if you're ready to set sail, she's ready to take you there. Saying goodbye to this boat isn't easy. It's saying goodbye to a part of my life. Though it's not the end of the adventure, but the beginning of something totally new. Something that combines the best of land and sea, melds sails and motors, connects the Atlantic and Pacific Ocean, allows every adventure from before the Rocky Mountains to well past the Appalachian Trail, opening all of North America for exploration. This is my next dream. The ultimate modular amphibious adventure rig, UMAR, an adventure lifestyle not restricted to the sea, but fully capable of going anywhere and doing anything. Though this wide capability will come at the cost of excelling at nothing, its versatility will continue to keep me on my toes and you on the edge of your seat for years to come. For now, it's just a big idea. But so was Adventure Born once upon a time. There's power in dreaming, and there's joy and fulfillment in seeing dreams made into reality. Like my dreams in years past, I don't know what will happen, but that's what makes this an adventure worth pursuing. How boring would life be if we knew what would happen next? Thanks for watching this video to the end. I hope it inspires you in life. I'll see you on the next adventure. Cheers.

  Top Comments:
  1. @AntiNiggardly [194 likes]: I am not at all joking or overstating it, this is without a doubt, the best sales video and frankly the best tour of any walk-through I’ve ever seen. It is it’s close to perfect as anybody’s gonna end up making. The perfect mix of more information than any normal walk-through ever discusses., due to it being his own personal home for the past several years, and a seemingly honest ass assessment of the boat as you go. Man, excellent job, dude.
  2. @m3owm1k3 [2 likes]: Your videos inspired me over the years.  I came back to this video to let you know I pulled the trigger on a Beneteau first 42. Yeah her draft is deep but she’s in excellent condition and I got her for $20k. Selling my house to full time on it. Going to school in Wilmington for fiberglass boat manufacturing and repair and then from there where ever the wind takes me.
  3. @davidcraig4112 [2 likes]: Bro… this is by far the coolest boat tour I’ve ever come across… props. 
Cheers from an old cowboy nestled deep in the heart of the Blue Mountains of Eastern Oregon.
  4. @LifeOfMarcin [1 likes]: Hi, really nice introduction to your boat and how you living there! Good job, i really appreciate it! Leaving a comment just to give you more exposure  as yt like comments xD Nice boat, good idea with a cockpit as well, almost like Japanese day beds, sounds so comfortable! im planning to buy 35 footer and no fridge space, but your solution sounds perfect for that!
  5. @omarsantiago582 [1 likes]: 19:48 how come you passed Puerto Rico and not mention it? Yet you put it on log?
  6. @donadventures1593 [1 likes]: I would like to do it, but I’m too scared
  7. @donadventures1593 [1 likes]: What do you do for work again?
  8. @SquidSquirtz [1 likes]: Great video , well done.
  9. @mprz81 [1 likes]: How much ? where can I find the listing?
  10. @ajayrudraksha4318 [1 likes]: Brother you r very organised/perfect in managing all things keep it up 🎉🎉😅😅😅
  11. @screammanz [1 likes]: Genuinely shocked when I saw those bananas on board
  12. @alexs.1683 [1 likes]: Sailboats at this point in the energy transition are a better investment than a car if you are willing to only travel along the coast.  The winds are free.
  13. @jeffreycole6975 [1 likes]: Cool.  👍
  14. @charlesrollins110 [1 likes]: I've been watching your videos for awhile. I cant find the price though.
  15. @kapi-s7j [1 likes]: One of the best boat's I have ever seen 😍
  16. @opulentElephant11 [1 likes]: Where do you keep your extra sails, storm jib, emergency boat, pfd’s?
  17. @MarkMinor57: Not a blue water boat.   Far too light and too shallow draft
  18. @Anomalyy666: The ocean scares me. What if you have an emergency like sharks and no one's around? It's a good concept as you can travel around the world!
  19. @10GOLDENWOOD20: GREAT video.  Dream on!
  20. @illegal_gardening_methods: 5:27 protecting you from jewish space lazers too cuz its blue

- Oyster 495 On Test - 3 Days , 200 miles: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] thank you foreign it's the smallest boats that make the biggest noise and in the Oyster range it's the brand new 495 that's doing just that but I'll admit from the start for most of us 50 foot is not exactly small yet she is the new baby of the oyster Fleet she's also their latest launch and in fact they're so proud of her that they've even made a documentary series about her conception and build so why all the fuss well for starters the smallest boat in any range is often important as an entry into the brand and for oyster that happens to be 50 foot but the 495 also represents a number of new steps for the company both in the design and a construction in fact they set up a completely new dedicated facility in Southampton to build this boat but some things haven't changed in particular that the 495 has been created to be just as capable of world cruising as any of her sister ships yet the reality is that for many owners the bulk of their sailing will be holidays and long weekends so we thought we put her to the test on just that a three-day cruise starting in hamble and heading to the Channel Islands but of course as we all know boats look rather different at shows than they do in real life so before we head off we thought we'd show you what she looks like at her best before we make a just a little untidy a quick look at the accommodation layout might not reveal anything unusual to start with but the 495 is a departure from oyster's Norm the clue is the galley rather than being in the passageway aft it has its own u-shaped space to Port instead it's the nav station that occupies the walkway through to the AFT cabin cabin that's every bit as plush as you'd expect to you and includes the oyster trademark Seascape windows and a cabin that has an ensuite with a shower stall of Hotel proportions in the forward area there's a twin cabin to starboard a spacious shared heads to Port an assumptuous double beyond that as you'd expect she's beautifully built throughout and at this stage in our test beautifully presented but it was time to slip lines to find out how she fared in the real world our plan was to head from handball to the Channel Islands Not only would this allow us to stretch her legs offshore but for us South coasters a trip across the channel and back is a popular long weekend family cruise there's clearly no doubt that the 495 is up to a trip of this type but instead one of the key questions is just how easy is it to cruise their own back in a long weekend time frame without feeling under pressure and exhausted on your return well of course as we all know in the real world you can't always leave when you want to and that's certainly been true for us in that we've had to plug a bit of tide going down the Western solar there hasn't been much breeze so we've been motoring down there because we're very keen to get through the needles Channel and out into the channel proper uh where we'll probably pick up a bit more Breeze we hope and certainly we'll just get through this adverse tide but anyway it's given us a good opportunity to get a first taste of what she's like under engine and I have to say it's it's pretty impressive actually we've been plugging along here we're doing nine knots with an engine res of 2 300. effortless just Glides along now admittedly it's flat water but even so effortless progress and really really quiet so very impressed with that so that's all good so it looks like you can punch against the tide the other thing that impressed me this morning was just how easy she is to get off the dock she's got a bow thruster and a Stern Thruster and um it even makes it quite good fun actually you can come off sideways twist the boat around and off you go the only thing that's missing is an audience really and there wasn't one as we passed through Hearst Narrows either which was a shame because the breeze had built we were under sail she looked great and we were Keen to show off but as we slipped past the needles we were out into open water and were ready to settle down now in this boat the furling is quite interesting because we've got a hydraulic folding system on the Main and an electric furling system on the headsaw it's a development between oyster and Selden and it's got a few little interesting extras and one of them is that it's a two-speed furling system for both the jib and for the main and it involves holding both buttons in quite clever very clever actually well I'm pleased to say the picture has just been getting better for us as we've headed out into the channel we've now got 13 14 knots true breeze it's pretty much on the beam and we're reaching along under Head Salon full Main and uh we're cracking along this boat seems to like sailing at nine knots all the time which is great so that's nice now the other thing that I particularly like is I do like this twin Helm system now I've said it many times before I'm a big fan of this configuration because it's so easy to move through the cockpits and still feel secure but the other thing that I really like about it is that although the seating is actually here and that's where you you probably would spend a bit of time going upwind just sitting on the combings here is really comfortable and it's just the right position because you can see The Telltale you can see down the side of the boats very comfortable there's an angled um cockpit sole down here so you don't really need any great foot brace it's just a natural foot brace here it's really comfortable you could definitely spend quite a few hours here as I'm going to do bagging a spot on the helm also meant I didn't have to Hoist the kite not that that was an issue but no matter how comfortable she is on deck at some point you've got to eat so interestingly one of the unforeseen advantages of his crew of five that we've got is that everybody seems to have a similar kind of appetite which means that the galley is getting quite a lot of use like every hour and a half suits me but it's uh it's interesting this Galley I like this this is actually a bit of a departure for oyster in that it's a U-shaped Galley as you can see whereas normally The Galley is in the walkway going through aft and they're pretty good as well but I like this because it's very secure you've got a lot of worktop space really very easily to hand and it's so secure you know you can sit here and or stand here rather brace yourself that way obviously the opposite on the other attack but you can also see around you I can see straight out through the windows down to lure you can see up to Windward and there's even the all-important passing hatch up here for passing up drinks and sandwiches and the rest of it through the window plenty of storage space loads of lockers loads of drawers obviously oven gimbal oven fridge over here and freezer there's actually an option to have a freezer a bigger freezer on the other side of the boat as well but all in all a very very workable Galley so the breeze has dropped a little bit unfortunately we've got the kite up and we're actually doing a bit of motor sailing because we want to keep keep the pace on we want to get to the other side in good time but it's interesting it's a bit of a slop outside kites up we're doing about eight knots boats healed over but it's perfectly comfortable here it's really uh good setup meanwhile as we maintained our steady pace and some of us tested the sleeping Arrangements the Mars were counting down as the first of the Channel Islands came into view well here we are look at this on the west coast of ordinary just coming down through the swing and narrow passage just out to the west of Albany notorious for its strong tides and strong currents and we're actually going to go around to the south of Albany and we've found what we think is going to be a beautiful little Anchorage around the corner we're all quite excited about it because given that the prevailing conditions are normally from the southwest it's not really somewhere that you'd normally anchor I certainly haven't so I'm looking forward to that it's a beautiful and stunning place and a reminder that it is only 75 miles away from hamble it's taken us 10 hours to get here it's been a very effortless Crossing we have had to motor a bit the breeze wasn't as strong as we'd hoped but nevertheless we cruised here in 10 hours and we're looking forward to dropping the hook well sometimes you have to change your plan and sadly that's what we've had to do because gorgeous though it is in there on the south side of Albany little Bays I've never seen before and really really nice it's not quite the place to spend tonight anyway so we've decided that we're going to press on but very pleased that we went in there and had a look but we always had as a backstop as an alternative some peterborg and that's 13 miles down the track so we can go down to some Peter Port where we know we're going to be adding more up tonight so it's been a good trip it's been interesting not quite as much wind as we would have liked but one of the things that comes across really strongly when you spend a bit of time on this boat and there's five of us on board is how easy it is to move around and work the boat we've never felt clutter we've been up most of them have been up most of the time apart from the odd does but we've never felt cluttered and you can move around the cockpit up and down the saloon in the galley and through this passageway there are no real pinch points on this boat so it's into some Peter Port and then tuck up there for the night and then tomorrow the plan is to go and have a little cruise around some of the islands that lie just outside Saint peterbor um Sark jeto all around there I love it around there can't wait is absolutely beautiful of course I've been here many times before it's a great place to come to but when you've got 15 16 knots and some sunshine and a beautiful flat sea States you just gotta come and play and we're off to sark the wind and there are several things you notice straight away good sales tight sheeting angles and a carbon rig that takes plenty of backstay pressure to help you get an enviable straight luff all of which makes her a great boat out wind but what about in a chop further out in the big Russell the tide was running against the breeze stirring up the sea State and the answer came quickly easy to me there's no doubt that the performance of modern oysters has improved with each generation and the 495 continues that trend and there's one Surefire way of assessing that when the autopilot barely gets a look in you know you've got a good boat on your hands now at some point we had to stop charging around and sailing around like Hooligans out there and come and actually have a look at some of the detail aboard the 495 and it's a very interesting boat a lot of the details if you've followed oyster's progress over the last few years we'll be quite familiar but there's some interesting developments but just quickly starting at the front of course nowadays you've got to have a fixed bow sprit this boat's no different interestingly you can deploy the anchor from the helm station at the back and whilst you cut it's more difficult to see the chain going out it's still pretty handy and we did it twice here and it was a pretty handy little trick one of the things that I do really like and I know I've gone on about this before is having a nice sail Locker up forwards which is great it's a really deep sail Locker we've got a great big kite in there and there's still plenty of room for fenders and warps and Mooring lines and all kinds of things so that definitely gets a thumbs up from me so I like that a lot now when it comes to the bigger picture certainly at the front end of the boat one of the things that's absolutely unmissable is that it's just such a clean and uncluttered four deck which is tremendous you can still put the raids in and the guards over the top but we've got it nice and clean and a superb lovely great big space very much like some of her sister ships and indeed like her sister ships she's got a non-overlapping headsaw with tracks here which makes a very very easy boat to handle one thing that did definitely catch my eye both when I first saw her at St Catherine docks in London on her first display and of course here is that this is a carbon fiber Mast it's an optional extra and if you were mine that would be an option that I'd be considering very seriously it's quite expensive but in my mind is definitely worth having right moving back a little bit further this is all pretty familiar chain plates out on the gunnel big spreaders it also means you've got these nice big wide side decks again we've seen that on other models but this is no different the two Helm stations where we talked a little bit about that I really like those it works extremely well and I guess I suppose with this boat it it's not new to see this configuration the 565 the 595 and indeed the bigger boats have all got that but I guess what impresses me is that the smaller the boats get the more difficult it gets to make this configuration work because you still need to have the Headroom down below but this one definitely works and one of my datums is that I've done a lot of sailing on the oyster 54 good friend of mine's got one I spent years sailing it and I can't help comparing the two and whilst I love the 54 this configuration in a boat that is four foot smaller is definitely a step up there's no question in my mind about that some people do question whether you might feel a bit exposed here and I can see their point I wondered it myself that is not the experience that we've had so far and we've been doing some upwind sailing today and we've been on the boat for a few days now you just don't feel exposed quite the opposite actually very secure lovely place to sit very easy to get to all the controls big thumbs up all around from my point of view so moving further back interesting Main Street system on this the standard is a two to one system that goes back up into the into the boom but this boat actually has a magic Ram inside and it's a as you can see a single part Main Street system goes up through a set of rollers it's fixed at the bottom and it goes on to a hydraulic ram inside which is on a reverse purchase so it gives in other words as you move the ram it gives more throw on the Rope than the ram actually gives so you can get the full sweep of the main sheet going in and out with just one hydraulic ram inside the boom and it works extremely well it's incredibly quiet as well that's the other thing about this boat when we're sailing it it doesn't matter whether you're talking about the main seat Ram in there the furling on the Mainsail the furling on the jib the bow thrusters the engine the generator they're all quieter than pretty much anything I've experienced certainly on a boat of this size ever before in some ways sometimes they're almost too quiet because you're not quite sure whether they're on but I'd rather have it that way around okay what else so back here we have a lazarite which is I'm not kidding it's almost big enough to be another cabin it's huge it's absolutely vast and plenty of room in here for warps vendors dinghy anything you like really I mean it's just plenty of space and it's easy to get to that's the other thing that I like about it a nice big hatch easy to drop down into now let's have a look at some of the other detail features that have caught my eye just a few of them these lockers underneath the Helmsman seat very handy indeed that's got the shore power connection in it that one there and this one is space for winch handles blocks Jack lines the lights but a very handy quick storage easy to get to no big drama um cup holders interesting you might think it's a small detail but offshore on a passage it's a pretty important detail easy to get two nice little cup holders here and here I like this area a lot because it's very well proportioned this is a great big solid table here very very secure but you can move through easily no problem at all but it's also great to brace against when you're going upwind it's also good if you've had some little cold drink because it has a fridge in the middle and again cup holders this time actually as part of the molding here putting cups there so you don't it's what's been really handy is we've been whizzing around out there spinning around taking some shots and the rest of it is that you can have a cup of tea and then say yes we're going to do attack right now and you put them straight down into the holders do the attack off you go small details but I think important ones so finally we have the swim platform this system is a cassette that slides in and out and it's electrically powered and it's a much more efficient way of doing it and it's certainly pretty neat and very easy to use impressed with that and it's been very useful this week sitting in Anchor was also the perfect time to take a look behind the scenes below decks where oysters Paul Adamson talk me through the systems starting with the engine room so we have the N engine here we have the gearbox um we can see that the raw water inlet because it's a sail Drive actually comes through the leg of the engine and so the Seacock is literally just located there to any issues we we can shut that off and it's straight to hand here we've got the c c chest that we can look into this supplies all of the raw water to all of the onboard systems such as Refrigeration air conditioning Etc that's all separate which means um we have redundancy in the system as well and we can look straight down into the sea chest and even out of the bottom of the boat just just to check it's clear up here we've got the ray core fuel filters so these are the primary fuel fuel filters to remove the course debris out of the fuel so we've got jet Jan set here an engine here with convenient drip trays so if we're draining the water off here in in this space we've also got the fresh water pump we've also got the gray water discharge pump as well and then behind me here you'll see that these are our two um CC chests that we can look into to make sure they're clear as well this this filters the raw water going into the engine and the generator we've got the aircon raw water pump here you'll see all the exhaust system as well and this isn't the only bit of access we've got access in the forward part of the engine room and over from the galley as well and right behind me here through here so I don't know if you can follow me around here but here is our eight kilowatt gen set so again right right to hand I can go through here it's all in there we've got the fire suppression here and we've got all of the controls this is the central build space here so right at the bottom there you'll see the black pipes that are coming into a tank there which has an inspection hatch and what we've done on this yacht is we've centralized the gray water system the great water being all the water from the sinks the galley sinks and from the showers as well effectively what happens from all of the things and the showers on the boat it flows down into this Central tank and then in here there is a rising float switch that effectively when it gets to a certain level it then discharges over the side moving over here to starboard what you'll see here is this is our fuel tank so here we carry uh about 900 liters of fuel as you can see the inspection hatches are fantastic so um obviously we can check the level of the tank from the oyster command system but nothing beats looking through an inspection hatch and seeing the level of the fuel within the tank there's also a dipstick as well and then here you can see you've got the shut-offs for the fuel as well if we jump across the port so under umap this is the water tank here so capacity of about 650 liters again you can look directly into the water tank and check the cleanliness of the tank and so what we've done is we've centralized all the weight um in the right part of the boat which is over the Keel so finally under this build space here what we're looking at is we're looking at the hydraulic pumps here for the Hydraulics um Selden system so these are the hydraulic pumps that control the in Mass furling they control the back stay they control the van and any of the hydraulics on board having put the floorboards back and reassembled the accommodation it was time to get back underway for our return trip what was left of the breeze was now dead on the nose so with our three-day self-imposed deadline in mind on went the engine but this was also a perfect opportunity to continue our tests around catering and this time it was our Fresco dining perhaps unsurprisingly she passed this has been the Channel Islands at its best but it's time to head back and we're currently leaving Salt behind us there we have Herm on the other side and we're heading up towards Albany we're going to go around the outside of the caskets because we haven't really got the timing quite right to go through the ordinary race no point in punching five or six knots aside we're going to go around the outside plus we're also motoring into the breeze which isn't ideal but in many ways anyway for me that's the whole point about this boat you can get places we've got three knots of Tide against us we've got about nine knots about speed the title turn in a few hours and we can punch it and get there and we can crack off and put out the sails and off we go but it's so easy to do that you can just get up and go and when it comes to changing gear and saying right we don't want a motor anymore you pull out the sails it's all down to these buttons here don't really need to do much else so she's a very easy boat to cover the miles with and you can just go and wander and do that three-day weekend and from there it was on Into the Night well after more than 200 miles were back in the solent and one at 200 miles it's been fascinating to find out and really forget to feel what this boat is like in fact last night it was quite quiet on the way back and we decided to go down to just one person on watch last night which gave us all a bit of time to catch up on sleep but the thing that it revealed to me was just how workable this cockpit is and I know I keep going on about it you feel so secure it's very protected you've got great visibility there's a raised step actually in between the two wheels which means you can see over the top and forward which is great for short asses like me the other thing that's significant about this boat is that this is oyster's demo boat an oyster like many luxury builders don't do demo boats but they've decided to with this one and this is already done three thousand miles she's only been in the water a couple of months but she's done over 3 000 miles and they're feeding back what they're learning into the design as they refine it as the next set of boats come out and I think that's going to boat extremely well not that there's a lot to do on this boat I made a little list of some of the things that I might like to see one of them is perhaps some more handholds in the saloon Down Below in certain areas and I know they're already thinking about that another actually is the boat is so quiet that actually the hydraulic controls and the electric controls for the sail handing systems are so good and so quiet that actually you sort of need some kind of audio warning to remind you what you're doing it's almost too quiet but these are small things that can easily be refined overall she's a terrific boat she never feels never feels too big and yet she's got long legs cruises around at nine knots and she's been a fantastic boat to be on for three days

  Top Comments:
  1. @richardwallinger1683 [2 likes]: the opening shots   show the massive drag those side    / below the heeled waterline windows are causing . The water pressure,s must be enormous..
  2. @Gary-i2e6g [1 likes]: Beautiful boat, definitely built for Northern climates that one requires sunshine,... however I'm a fan of solid canopies that protect against sunshine & weather, i couldn't imagine that in the tropics. 
God bless
  3. @j.walker3498 [1 likes]: Beautiful day sailboat/weekend sailboat.
  4. @PGODriver [1 likes]: The hull comes from the Hanse-yard Germany...
  5. @eastwest1362 [1 likes]: C’mon professional and well publicised boat testers - no life jackets while in the cockpit may be video macho…. while working the foredeck - it’s criminal.
The RNLA  and rescue authorities have enough to do.
Let’s set a more professional professional example please.
  6. @Jazzoctet [1 likes]: The interior looks like a studio apartment you could rent on the French Riviera for a week or two. Fabric and wood, (if it is wood?) are almost exactly. If you want to cruise between Saint Tropez, Cannes and Antibes you will feel at home. The Yacht style is gone and Oyster is not the only one.
  7. @louisavondart9178 [1 likes]: Fair weather boat. Very pretty but for blue water I'd go with Amel.
  8. @thomaselliott573: this guy is a highly experienced sailor who undertsands helm positons unqualifiably in less than 15 knots of breeze. How could anyone say something so utterly inconsequential, while it makes this boat irrelvant to the oyster purpose? What a tosser. These guys are salesmen, including Toby, the rampagng interior designer and master of veneer colours. They blither way endlssly to promote themselves and anything else, no matter what the truth is. But hey, you can motor along and talk to a lisping lover. Time to get married mate. You can do the big mahth series of videoth. Captain Bligh attempting to helm
  9. @gilesgoldsbro5816: Emma Chizzit?
  10. @Jim202030: I am still trying to find the guy who said normal stairs on boats arn't allowed....
  11. @arlanDenae: Real talk.
  12. @carmelonold1090: Right, this is the way the vessels should and have to be introduced, on the run.
  13. @timothykaufman2910: Thanks for the fun video, Paul. Looks like great fun!
  14. @atakd: Carpe Diem: is that's perhaps the most  unoriginal boat name in the world? There are over 300 on marine traffic.
The problem with buying an Oyster is that you run a high risk of getting shafted, like all the other potential owners were when it went bankrupt because the bottom fell out of one of its boats.
  15. @VickiRetzlaff: I would like to see the small and know the cubic liter of freezer and refrigerator?
  16. @nigeltiernan1120: All bells and whistles but nobody mentions the overriding failsafe manual procedures if there are any issues with hydraulics or electrical systems. Should I be getting out my trusted sexton and install a hydravane in the event of a lightning strike ?
  17. @beaufortyachtsales: Nice review. Amazing boat!
  18. @ernest795: What is the white sailboat in the background @4:32?
  19. @JG-ly2ij: Why? Why is a carbon mast “definitely worth having”?
  20. @peterjansen7854: My 50 dollar lotto win is a starter for me😅

- SAILING AROUND THE WORLD DOCUMENTARY - 6 Years At Sea | SY Florence - Ep.148: Kind: captions Language: en this is the story of a dream that made real a modern day adventure you're stepping outside the box exploring the unknown and stretch Comfort zones this is the story of determination to succeed to overcome adversity of two people United with common purpose this is the culmination of our six-year Voyage full circle around the world [Music] foreign we're approaching the coast of Grenada having sailed overnight from Tobago although it's only a short overnight sale it's probably the most significant passage of our entire circumnavigation so far as we approach the coast here we're going to cross our outbound track from England which means we will complete our loop around the world completing our circuit navigation sailboat Florence we had never lived on a boat we had never crossed an ocean we had never sailed overnight alone we had a lot to learn but we had a dream and a determination to succeed so we're nearly the hair we nearly reached the point where we're gonna actually cross over our track it's just eight miles in front of us now and I don't know how are you feeling it's it's taken a while for it to kind of sink into me I don't really yeah same for me to be honest I think I guess it's just felt normal we've been approaching this milestone for a long time and be really close for a long time and it wasn't until I started thinking back to what a big deal it was when we set first set off and that it really hit home about what we're doing it wasn't until this morning just after doing I was Sat On Deck just thinking about this achievement in the context of actually sailing around the world and remembering back how we felt when we were passing down this coast of Grenada six years ago when actually we could really comprehend sailing around the whole world at that point in time we were we were splitting into chunks it was sail from England to Panama and then work out how to sell from Panama to New Zealand and at this point we were like well we'll work out the restaurants and get to New Zealand it takes a bit of mental adjustment to think back to how we used to feel about it after now we sailed you know over 40 000 miles at Sea and just taking the boat across an ocean feels almost normal yeah and then you have to back away from that you go that that's not normal most people don't do that back seven years ago we did have normal lives we woke up to an alarm in the morning setting traffic whilst commuting to full-time office jobs ate our lunch at our desk and then returned home to mow the lawn eat dinner and prepare for the next day at work exploring the world outside of work was limited to a couple of weeks holiday a year traveling in Europe our passion was sailing but this was limited to dinghy racing in evenings and at weekends a life was on track our aim was to work hard save hard and then retire early we had a distant dream of sailing around the world in retirement but no set plan then our normality was shattered 14 years working for the same company in the same building the business that Matt worked for shut their UK office and his job no longer existed our life track was fractured we suddenly needed to make big decisions did we try to return to our original track with a similar normality or was this our opportunity to go off-piste what about that dream the one where we sail around the world in our retirement on a 45-foot catamaran could we do it now on a smaller boat with a limited budget maybe we would risk losing everything we had built say goodbye to careers to Financial Security to the normality we knew but then we thought about everything we had to gain and the decision was made today we live in Florence supporter takes Lane when we left the shores of England behind the 380 mile Crossing of Biscay was a hugely daunting Prospect neither of us had sailed that far offshore before it turned out to be a baptism of fire with 35 knots of wind as we approached the Spanish Coast arriving in Spain was a relief in so many ways not only had we survived our first offshore passage but we now realized that the dream was really possible we had crossed the first hurdle we had set off and we had the world ahead of us seeing an island appear on the horizon from a small boat in the middle of the ocean is incredibly exciting portasanta and Madeira were the first of many and our excitement on board Florence as we made our first island landfall after four days of sea was indescribable from there the passage is built as we Island hopped our way South down the Atlantic to the Cape Verde Islands the jumping off point for our first ocean Crossing Day 2000 mile Atlantic Crossing was a mix of highs and lows the Euphoria of loving life at Sea and catching a massive fish it was balanced by this serious business of schools a broken Spinnaker Pole to fix and the most serious breakage of our entire certain navigation so far last night we broke the boom which is pretty major after the scores and damage at the end of the passage it was a relief to arrive in the Caribbean the Delights of the balmy Caribbean were many to a pair of cold water Sailors from England this was our first winter summer cheers our first Christmas Merry Christmas the Caribbean is the most famous cruising ground in the world for a reason and we could have spent years there but the Clock Was ticking when we set off from England this trip was planned for three years to keep to that schedule we needed to sail Halfway Around the World to New Zealand in 18 months so we left the carnivals behind and sailed West towards Panama where we found our first taste of Paradise Islands thank you the idyllic palm tree stood at Islands of sandblast were just a taste of what was to come in the South Pacific but first we had to negotiate one of the seven wonders of the modern world the Panama Canal we gazed up in Wonder at the gargantuan lock walls from the deck of Florence and felt very small as we transited through from the Atlantic to the Pacific Ocean that's it right in the Pacific Pacific Ocean is huge our first passage was 4 200 miles non-stop to the Marquesas in French Polynesia that took us 33 days without sight of land [Applause] after all that time at Sea we were greeted by our first Pacific island and one of the most spectacular anchorages in the world Fatu heaver the culture the people and the natural environment of the remote Pacific Islands and atolls were exactly what our dreams were made of our senses were overwhelmed our minds blown we found it difficult to comprehend that we had actually sailed here and it was all really happening if you'd asked us before we set off where in the world we were most excited to explore our answer would have been the Pacific Islands if you ask us again now where we'd most like to return to the answer is still the same we have promised ourselves that one day we will return to this remote Paradise but island hopping across 8 000 miles of the Pacific Ocean was not without its challenges we had to learn to navigate by eye through narrow Reef passages with strong currents and wildly inaccurate charts we were very aware that should anything break or go wrong there was no hope of rescue or spare parts in this incredibly remote part of the world arriving in New Zealand having sailed halfway around the world was exciting but also a relief here we could get spare parts and fix all of the things that are broken when crossing the remote Pacific Islands we had a lot of work to do and we're exhausted from having spent the last 18 months constantly on the move yet here was also where our careful plan fell apart we were simply having too much fun we didn't want to skip through the rest of the world so quickly we decided we could stretch our budget and threw away our three-year plan so we could see more places as we voyaged on around the world that was a very good decision as the amazing experience is kept on coming we find ourselves standing on the rim of an active volcano before continuing on to Australia where we sailed for thousands of miles and many months cruising the East Coast sailing under the Sydney Harbor Bridge was one of the key top items that we want to do when we set up on this round the world trip and we just done it they're awesome leaving the Pacific behind we were sad as we thought the best part of our Voyage was over it's still an exciting life to go maybe we'll come back one day maybe you'll grab the wheel and we turn left through the Panama Canal and we get to the Caribbean then we sailed into another world as we dropped anchor in Indonesia the sights sounds and smells overwhelmed our senses we sat in the cockpit of Florence struggling to take it all in bats flitted through the rigging as the call to prayer reverberated around the Anchorage and the smell of spicy cooking wafted along the gentle breeze we had joined an organized rally of Yachts to sail through Indonesia and that turned out to be one of our best decisions it led to some of the most memorable experiences of the trip from racing walk news in bandanera to racing water buffalo in samboa it wasn't just the culture in Indonesia that blew our minds the nature was equally stunning we hung out with orangutans in Borneo stalked prehistoric dragons in Komodo so I'm with gigantic whale sharks and manta rays and he explored some of the world's most spectacular coral reefs the people of Indonesia were amazing one of the best things about traveling by boat is that when somebody shares their home with us we can return the favor good morning hello I'm a little scary but it's okay you know I'm so excited so now you see the sale is just starting to fly captain but now we were faced with the busiest shipping Lane in the world the Malacca Strait not just full of huge ships to dodge but also unlit fishing boats and a never-ending procession for schools and lightning storms sailing through the Straits varied from scary to terrified and this is one of the few places in the world that we have no desire to return to so this is the fun and games of sailing up the Malacca Straits at night we've got a massive thunder and lightning storm just like burst right over us wins switched through 183s we've got fishing coats going 183 turns around us and you convenience and then you see through the rain it's just hammering down the wind's really picked up really quickly it really doesn't help that our wind instruments are packed up as well so we've got no wind direction other than looking up at the master if you can't do that then your eyes get stuck by the race thankfully at the end of The Straits by the beautiful Thai islands where we could relax and restock Florence ready to cross the Indian Ocean but then came covered well that's a first for us we've just been kicked out of the port of bang in banderasia Indonesia we got passed by quarantine and we were allowed to spend almost a week enjoying ourselves there and then suddenly everything changed with the global situation on the coronavirus and we were asked to leave in fact we're banned from the whole of panda ashay we're kind of stuck we kind of stateless where we go from here we don't know so yeah it's a bit of a strange feeling really we the world's borders closed we found ourselves stuck on the edge of the Indian Ocean unable to get home and with nowhere else to go for a month we were not allowed to stop in any port we could not buy food fuel or water and anywhere we stopped we were told to leave immediately it was a very scary time but when looking for an uninhabited location to wait things out we came across the most beautiful deserted island we have ever seen we ended up staying in Indonesia for 14 months throughout the pandemic and it was a time of polarized feelings for us the stress of not knowing each month it would be kicked out with nowhere to go and of trying to negotiate permission to stay I've been told to diametrically oppose things we're very very stressed and we had no idea what how we even resolve this situation what a mess that was balanced with the highs of finding unsailed cruising grounds making new friends and learning to scuba dive and surf in one of the best places in the world to do both of those things a year and we were released into the Indian Ocean for our most challenging ocean Crossing so far we turned back once and faced schools no wind and lightning storms on our 3044 mile 23-day passage to Seychelles The Voyage was back on that was the closest lightning strike I think we've ever had have we still got instruments Seychelles was not all holiday though after so long unable to perform maintenance in remote Indonesia we had a stack of work to do with osmosis on the rudder a broken engine mount to fix and a battery back to replace we had a busy time in the yard leaving Seychelles behind we had to negotiate the notoriously difficult Mozambique Channel we have been worried about sailing this passage ever since we started planning even before we left England powerful ocean currents combined with changeable winds meant we're on the edge of our seats as each new weather forecast downloaded but if we could plot our way through the hazards of this channel a reward would be setting foot on yet another new continent for us arriving in Richards Bay South Africa we felt a heady mix of emotions the relief of safe arrival after a hazardous passage combined with our excitement to explore this new continent we exchanged wide open seascapes for wide open landscapes and wild weather for wild animals South Africa did not disappoint I hoped we'd get this close to elephants but I didn't really think that we would just a pause as we waited a month for a weather window to sail around the most treacherous point on South Africa's Coastline the Cape of storms propelled by the agulus current we smashed Florence's 24-hour speed record as we sped down the wild Coast towards the southernmost point of the African continent s and now we've got the Cape of Good Hope which is also known as the cave of sorts it looks like we're gonna get a bit of a sting in the tail we've got the windy blank straight up from the south the southeast of the Antarctic it's cracking freezing we are wearing all the clothes we have and it looks like we're gonna get blown past this cape pretty the coastline of South Africa has a fearsome reputation sailing around the notoriously stormy Cape of Good Hope is a serious undertale as we approach this famous Cape the winds built we passed in gale force winds under storm jib alone this cape is the one that we fear the most out of the passage and given its reputation and what we've heard about it we thought this was going to be an awful part of the trip but it's actually the best fit it's the most but arriving in the beautiful out Bay we paused for three months to reflect explore and perform a long list of Maintenance repairs and improvements to Florence we still had two ocean Crossings left between us and our home Port not for us the shorter route directly up the Atlantic we would cross the South Atlantic to the Caribbean before returning across the North Atlantic to our starting point in England as the weather became colder we pointed our bowel back towards the equator setting out from Cape Town with Florence in great condition we sailed North up the cold and foggy benguela current to Namibia Namibia was our last stop on the African continent before we kicked off for 4 400 miles of open ocean sailing from Africa to South America in the midst of the vast South Atlantic Ocean we found the first of two tiny isolated Islands on our route after 10 days at Sea we shook some life back into our land legs as we explored the dramatic rugged landscape of Saint Helena a remote British territory hundreds of miles from anywhere but all too soon it was time to sail on we headed back out to the empty Horizons of the South Atlantic imperfect trade wind conditions and Florence made rapid progress surfing the open ocean waves 12 days and 1700 miles after we left Saint Helena we spotted the tiny island of Fernando de nironha a Brazilian Holiday Island and a welcome pit stop for Florence yeah we still had 1300 miles left to sail to reach our destination on Mainland South America so after just four days exploring we set sail again from Fernando he had a fast ride on the Guyana current up and across the equator for the fourth time cheers welcome to the Northern Hemisphere again cheers potato ES the South Atlantic has a reputation for being just calm relatively easy sailing and it's definitely been our easiest Crossing ever it may have been easier than our previous Crossings but we still had work to do to repair Florence before we could explore this slice of South America sailing around the world is a real lesson in being self-sufficient and self-reliant exchanging salt water for fresh and a Blue Horizon for green and brown we took Florence Inland up a river and into the jungle and witnessed the spectacular sight of a rocket being launched into space I think that's a once in a lifetime opportunity and if you ever get the chance to be near a Space Center you should definitely see a launch that just left the small matter of a 600 mile passage to get to the Caribbean where we could cross our outbound trap from England and complete our loop around the world however that would not be easy we've been doing so much sailing recently that we kind of saw 600 miles as being this little tiny hop at the end of our Atlantic Crossing to get to the Caribbean turns out 600 miles is actually quite a long way between French Guiana and the Caribbean we hit the doldrums which plagued us with light winds and squalls the weather was not going to make it easy for us to become true sailing Circa Navigators but after spending six and a half years sailing Florence around the world Neptune should have known that we are stubborn and will never give up 46 000 miles of sailing around the world the Caribbean welcomed us with Carnival in Tobago now just 75 miles later we are approaching Grenada and we have done it and for champagne breakfast you Florence style even though we sell the entire way around the world for this uh we couldn't bring ourselves to pay for proper paid so we've got Carver yeah I'm not quite sure how far we have to sell to justify for breakfast so Shake It Up So sadly around the world I was feeling like what we're doing is just very normal we live in this bubble where everyone almost the people that we meet are are sailing offshore and long distances and it just becomes the norm and it's just when you sit and process process it like we have done this morning um but it it's a reminder of how big how big this is and it's something that we've been working towards for seven years seven years since since you were made redundant and and we started thinking about what what on Earth we were going to do next yeah seven years ago somebody said you don't have a job anymore 10 months later we had bought a boat sold everything and left England it's amazing that you still can have adventures in this modern world I mean you read all the adventure books as you're a kid and you're like oh yeah those big kind of Adventures and then kind of get adult life and those Adventures don't really seem possible but they are they're out there man this last six years has been an adventure massive Adventure to me the thing that really gives me tingles is when I think back over the journey and just how many amazing experiences we've had the number of amazing people that we've met and countries that I didn't even know existed I'm also really proud that it's been just the two of us sailing on Florence the entire way around we've both done every leg together we've done pretty much all of the maintenance on Florence to get us around together all of the planning all of the dealing with Customs immigration and all the paperwork yeah which takes up quite a lot of time but it also just shows that it is possible if there is something you really want to do sometimes it's a big thing leaving the UK this was a massive thing to say around the world and and stepping outside of what we're doing it is still a massive thing however once you actually start doing it you realize how much is actually possible if you're prepared to throw everything at it and yeah work hard at it it's amazing what you can do now that we've closed our Loop you might be wondering what's next for us are we going to return to our old normality or are we forever changed we'll share all of our future plans with you in the next episode in the meantime if you enjoyed this video then please share it with all of your friends because that will help us to grow our audience enable us to keep on making these videos we found this video a really difficult task to pack six and a half years of sailing around the world down into one short YouTube video so if you'd like to see some more of the adventures behind the clips that we've shared here then there's a playlist of over 140 videos that we shared from our Voyage around the world and there's a link to that playlist in the screen now but although it's just been the two of us both filming and failing throughout this Voyage we have definitely not been alone our supporters and our patrons have been right there with us along the way and if it wasn't for them we would be returning back to the normality of the daily commute and our office jobs and this video would not even exist so thank you very much to everybody that supported us all right

  Top Comments:
  1. @H.vanZyl [2 likes]: At 18:04 is the spongebob island
  2. @miccehaa: 💔💔💔
  3. @edgarm6640: How much did it all cost?🤔
  4. @vrm0076: Maybe you need mini wind generator.
  5. @Halcyonyachts: Excellent film.
  6. @AlanpittsS2b: I think it's awesome you did this in a 37 foot monohull instead of a million dollar cat. Your boat seems to do very well. Even better that you are still sailing to new places now
  7. @Hinaatube: Wow beast
  8. @sailing9574: Epic. No other words.
  9. @SerainaEggebeen: wow, we loved watching this video and it really motivates us :) we now just launched our boat after 10 months fulltime refitting it and the indefinite adventure sailing the world begins. thanks for making this video/s! lots of love!
  10. @melvinp1324: did you feel upside down aor can we safely say your on flat plain a flat earth
  11. @andrewoneill7453: Yeah so i worked it out... its nearly a million pounds
  12. @andrewoneill7453: Great being rich
  13. @sailingsoluna: Absolute madness 😭
  14. @sailingsoluna: I feel like I’m watching David Attenborough but sailing edition I love it
  15. @sailingsoluna: This is such a dream to us 😍 we love it so much!
  16. @BrandonRvega11: Hey why are the flat-earthers nowhwre to be seen in these comments? 😂
  17. @annehicks9992: Dear Amy, so sorry for your loss, he would be so proud of you, and you will always have that wonderful dingy to remember him ❤
  18. @asbjrnheggelund6804: For en fantastisk video 🤩🤩
  19. @droplo: you fuckin did it.
  20. @AhmedHafiz-k9m: 6 years in 30 minutes .

- Viking Yachts - 3 Tips BEFORE You Buy To Save $500k! | Yacht Hunter: Kind: captions Language: en hey hey how are ya this is Chris murmur the yacht hunter and you and I are gonna learn a little something here today about buying Viking yachts for the lowest price possible and to do so that starts off by knowing in three critical numbers there's a lot of numbers that you have to know but these are the three that you're never gonna come across in your research that is really gonna help you leverage your negotiation the first number is seven seven months is how long it typically takes a Viking yacht to sell on the open market obviously early on a listing sellers are less inclined to take or give away a deal a lower offer but as you hit that 7 month mark both the seller is gonna start to panic and the broker is gonna start to panic because they risk losing the listing someone else so once you know how long they got has been on the market you might be able to use this to your advantage the second number you're gonna want to know is 10.43 this is how much Viking yachts typically sell below they're listed price so by effectively striking out 10.43 off the list price that's a good target price for you to look into buying your Viking yacht for and the third number by far the most important number I say this in every one of my videos time and time again it makes smart buyers make the right decision but you don't want to look at what Vikings on the market are listed for you want to find out what real buyers are actually paying for the same Viking that you're looking in to buy so as an example say there's a 2014 70 foot and closed bridge listed on the market for 4.9 million yet the last buyer only paid 4.4 for that same make length and year model boat well which one is supposed to be your ceiling in that negotiation just like that you're not $500,000 off the asking price to establish your ceiling in your negotiation with the seller and with the listing broker of course they don't want you to know this information because they want to create a perceived value and they want you to spend more money because that results in a higher Commission a higher sale price for someone that they have a relationship with so whatever Viking you buy you have to know this information there's a bunch of other data and analysis that I have for you to make sure that you don't overpay for your Viking and you could get started by filling out the form below this video so you're in the know so thanks so much for watching and happy adding my friend [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @YachtZero: Here are more great yacht buying tips to save you money! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftJqMy3B21w&list=PLqNP0V4rr90ReYIkpFnIvMkI98D_XRPsi&index=2&t=0s
  2. @GreatDataVideos: Great information! Where do you find what boats have sold for?
  3. @kevinlyons6938: Your an idiot ! Why does this just apply to Viking Yachts only ? Go back to selling or "hunting" used Yugo's.

- Secrets to Buying a Yacht Without Breaking the Bank!: Kind: captions Language: en have you ever wondered if buying a yacht is a Smart Financial move or is it just a luxury Dream well today we're diving deep into the real numbers and answering the burning question is a yacht a good investment will break down the costs potential returns and the hidden perks that come with owning your own yacht so if you're curious about whether you can turn a yacht into a money-making machine or if it's just an expensive toy stick around because we've got all the insights you need and before we jump in don't forget to hit that like button and subscribe for more content like [Music] this first let's talk about the initial purchase a 4050 fot yacht May cost you anywhere from $500,000 to $1 million for luxury Yachts think 60 ft and above you're looking at $1.5 million or more and if you're going for a super yacht the sky's the limit but here's the kicker buying a yacht isn't like buying a home Yachts generally depreciate over time much like cars however the rate of depreciation can vary depending on factors like the brand size and how well you maintain it some high-end Yachts can retain value better than others but it's still something to keep in mind so is it a good investment in terms of appreciation not always but there are other ways to make it work once you've bought the yacht you'll have ongoing expenses these include docking fees expect to pay thousands especially if you're moing in a luxury Marina maintenance and repairs Yachts need regular upkeep from engine checks to cleaning this could run you anywhere from $110,000 to $100,000 a year depending on the size and type of yacht crew if you have a larger yacht you'll need a captain and crew salaries for a professional crew can easily hit six figures annually Insurance yacht insurance is a must and depending on the value of the vessel it can cost thousands each year while these costs may seem Hefty they're part of the lifestyle and something every yacht owner has to budget for but here's where owning a yacht can be more than just a money pit chartering if you don't plan on using your yacht year round you can Charter it out to other people chartering is a great way to offset the costs of owning a yacht and can sometimes turn into a profit for example Lu yachts in popular destinations like Miami or the Mediterranean can charge anywhere from $55,000 to $50,000 per day depending on the size and season if you're able to Charter your Yacht for just a few weeks a year it can cover a significant portion of your operating costs some Savvy owners even turn it into a full-fledged business however managing Charters does require time and sometimes Professional Management you'll need a charter broker and keep in mind that wear and tear on the yacht is faster when it's frequently chartered if you're enjoying the video so far don't forget to like And subscribe it really helps the channel grow and allows us to create more content like this another factor to consider is tax benefits in some countries including the United States yacht owners can write off some of the operating expenses especially if they're chartering The Vessel as part of a business additionally depreciation can be claimed as a tax deduction if the yacht is used for business purposes there are also incentives for purchasing more energy efficient Yachts such as hybrid engines or Yachts that utilize solar power if structured properly the tax savings can be a significant advantage to yacht ownership now let's not forget the lifestyle aspect owning a yacht provides unparalleled Freedom whether it's island hopping in the Bahamas or cruising the Mediterranean the ability to get away at a moment's notice entertain friends in style or even live on the water is something that's hard to put a price tag on for many the intangible benefits of owning a yacht like privacy luxury and the unique experiences it offers make it worth every penny but again you'll need to decide if these perks outweigh the financial commitment so is a yacht a good investment financially it's not always a winning deal especially if you're expecting appreciation but if you're smart with chartering taking advantage of tax breaks and most importantly if you value the lifestyle of brings owning a yacht can be a fantastic decision it's less about making money and more about enhancing your life in ways you just can't get with other Investments at the end of the day it's all about your priorities when considering the purchase of a luxury yacht there are several key features and factors to keep in mind by thoroughly evaluating these features you can make a more informed decision that aligns with your lifestyle and preferences one size and layout length and beam Yachts can range from about 30 ft to over 300 ft the length affects stability space and performance the beam width impacts interior volume and deck space cabins and layout consider how many cabins are needed for guests and crew the arrangement of rooms should maximize comfort and privacy open plan designs can enhance social interaction two build quality materials high quality materials like fiberglass offer ease of maintenance while aluminum and steel provide durability and strength the choice affects weight speed and handling construction standards look for Yachts built to high standards and certifications like ABS or Lloyd's Register ensuring they can withstand various conditions three engine and Performance Engine types options include diesel engines which are efficient for long distances or gasoline engines for speed hybrid options are becoming popular for eco-friendliness Speed and range understand the cruising speed typically between 10 to 25 knots and range especially if planning long trips fuel capacity is crucial for extended voyages four interior design and amenities finishes and style look for luxury materials like marble fine woods and high-end appliances a well-designed interior creates a welcoming atmosphere amenities features like Gourmet kitchens spacious dining areas luxurious bathrooms and entertainment systems TVs sound systems enhance the onboard experience five deck space and outdoor areas sunbathing and lounging ample deck space for sunloungers in shaded areas is essential for relaxation water toys and Equipment consider space for jet skis diving gear or other water sports equipment some Yachts have built-in garages for toys six stability and handling whole design a well-designed hul improves stability and performance in rough Seas look for features like a deep V hul for better handling sea trials conducting a SE trial allows you to experience the yacht's performance firsthand assessing handling comfort and noise levels seven safety features safety equipment in ensure the yacht is equipped with life jackets fire extinguishers first aid kits and emergency beacons navigation and communication modern navigation AIDS radar systems and reliable communication tools are vital for safe voyages eight technology and navigation Smart Systems look for Integrated Systems that control lighting climate and entertainment often manageable via smartphone or touchscreen navigation gear GPS autopilot and electronic chart displays enhance safety and ease of navigation nine crew accommodation comfortable quarters adequate space for crew is important for larger Yachts ensuring they can perform their duties effectively and comfortably crew facilities amenities such as a crew lounge and dedicated bathrooms improve the onboard experience for staff 10 Maintenance and Service maintenance history review past maintenance records to understand how well the yacht has been cared for regular maintenance is crucial for longevity service availability consider the availability of service and support especially in remote cruising areas a well supported brand can simplify ownership thanks for sticking with us till the end if you enjoyed this video please give it a thumbs up and subscribe to the channel it really helps us create more valuable content for you and let us know in the comments comments what kind of video do you want to see next maybe you're curious about yacht management or how to get into chartering let me know below don't forget like subscribe and I'll see you in the next video

- 💰£500k Boat Budget: NEW or USED Boat? (Bigger Boat vs Hidden Running Costs): Kind: captions Language: en We're at the Dusseldorf Boat Show and we're going to show you what you can buy brand new with half a million pounds, but the twist is, later in the video, we're going to go and visit our friend James Barke of Boats.co.uk and show what you can buy for half a million quid on the second-hand market. We're going to discuss the benefits of both and the pitfalls, we're going to talk depreciation, running costs, option choices, customisation, the lot, everything you need to think about when you're considering buying new or used. Let's get into it. I'm Jack Haines, you're watching YachtBuyer. You're getting so much for your money on this boat. A short time, but a fun time. So you see, you start adding these things on, feels very sort of sports car-ish. I've got some real crackers calling this funky. But on a MFD. The multi-function display, James. Well, eh, eh, avoid avoid. I call that a patina. Yeah, yeah, sure. Also, we do have a laugh at the socks because I've got, you know, my frog socks. Well, you've got to have a shout window, aren't you? I'm six foot five and I'm absolutely fine, yeh. Six foot five? Yes, sorry. This bit is a bit eye watering, but what a load of fun. The emotion, c**k extension. We're going to start here on the Beneteau stand because I think with this £500,000 budget, this is about as much boat, as much real estate as you can hope to get brand new. So the base price is about £343,000, but to this spec, and this has really got everything on it that you'd want here in the show, you're looking at about £550,000, including VAT. So a bit over our budget, but I really wanted to maximise the most boat you could potentially get for that budget. Let's have a look on board. This is the Beneteau Swift Trawler 37, is the smallest model in Beneteau Swift Trawler range, and it feels big. For the budget we're looking at, this feels like a lot of boat. Come on board and I'll show you what I mean. You've got this cockpit area here, this seat slides forward so that you can mount a tender on the back of the boat. And then when we come inside, you can see some of the living space you're getting on this thing, and it is a boat designed to be lived on for weeks if you want to. It's a slower cruising boat, semi-displacement, single shaft, top speed of about 18 knots. But crucially, all this living area is up here on deck, lovely and bright. You've got a decent sized galley with a fridge down here, cooktop, oven underneath, the sinks there. Table over on this side, obviously this is your internal dining area, but this also drops down to convert to a double berth if you want to sleep two more people on board. Moving forward to the helm station. It's a boat that should be really comfortable for two people to run. You've got this really nice simple helm, big wheel, as I said, single engine, single Yanmar, which is tucked down there underneath the floor on a shaft drive. But you've got this side door, so it's very easy to move out of the helm, onto the side decks. You can help with the crewing if you're a skipper. Similarly, you've got bow and stern thruster, so slow speed manoeuvring should be pretty simple. Over on this side, you've got a nice double seating area so that people can keep the skipper company on passage, and this also flips as well. So you get a nice desk over on this side, and then down there, we've got the accommodation. Brand new on this style of boat, you get really decent level of accommodation. So here on the port side, there's a guest cabin. This is a pair of bunks, probably best suited to kids, but adults will be all right in here occasionally. There is some storage in here as well. Over the way, the bathroom, and as you see with some of the boats on our new list, it's quite a novelty that we can stand up and have a shower pretty comfortably. Separate shower cubicle, toilets in here, of course, and you've got a sink, and then right forward is the owner's cabin. And that has really good standing headroom. You've got a double bed in here that lifts up to reveal some really good storage underneath. So if you want to spend longer times on board, this boat can definitely facilitate that. You've got storage behind as well, drawers there, wardrobe on the other side, and there's a TV mounted on the wall. But one of the benefits of this boat is actually at the top. So let's go up there. And one of the main reasons why it feels like you're getting so much for your money on this boat is because you've got two decks. We have a flybridge, which is another really nice living space in itself. Seating area here with a two-way backrest, so you can make this into a dining space or a seat for people to join somebody on passage when the boat's moving along. There's storage back there for a stand-up paddleboard. That's an option. You've got some coverage, some shade overhead, and you've even got lights built into this bimini. And there's some sunbathing space right forward in the foredeck as well. Don't forget that you've got more living space up there. But the really nice addition to the flybridge is having a second helm position, so you can drive from up here as well. That's pretty nice. Right. Let's head off and see what else we can find new for half a million quid. Before we get into the next boat, please make sure you subscribe to the channel. This content sometimes gets crushed by the algorithm, but we think is really valuable. So please do hit like, hit subscribe, and let's spread this far and wide. Right. The next boat, the Sea Ray Sundancer 320. This is really good, solid family cruising boat. It's about 10 metres long. Obviously, it looks very different to the Beneteau. On the face of it, doesn't look as much boat. When we get on board, I think you'll see where your money's going. First of all, there's a reason that Beneteau is such good value. That's because Beneteau build them very efficiently and very cheaply. This already feels like a much more expensive product. You can see just from the components, the look and feel of everything, the gauge of the stainless steel, the things you come into touch with are higher quality. And this is a real archetypal day boat. If you want to go and have fun with the family in the sun, it's fast, it's comfortable. There's loads of living space on deck. That's what this thing is about. There's a cabin down there we'll see in a moment, but you can see this is really attuned to just having fun doing water sports and enjoying being out on the water. In terms of the layout, well, it's very deck focused. Obviously, you've got this nice big seating area here, quite flexible at the back. And you've got a dropdown platform. It's all about giving you access to the water as well and enjoying your water toys. There is a small galley up here on deck, not a wet bar really, but you've still got a cooktop and a fridge there. Performance is an area where this is totally different to the Beneteau. It's a much sportier driving environment as well. Of course, it's a faster boat. It'll do twice the top speed of the Swift Trawler, 38 to 42 knots, depending on engine choice. Engine choice, which affects the cost, of course. Now, Sea Ray has a really good standard spec. That's why the price is high. You don't have to add much on other brands, such as Beneteau Group. The base price is good, but you've got to add a lot to it to get to a turnkey package. This is pretty close to that with a base price. You've got to add a few extras. Engine options, well, petrol inboards. Pretty good, if you live in the US, but not so great if you have to pay for fuel over here in Europe. Diesel inboards as well. The initial cost is going to be higher, but then running them should be cheaper because obviously diesel is cheaper. You can also have petrol outboards. So all this affects the price, and it totally depends on how you think you're going to use the boat. And even things like, is petrol even that well available on the water where you keep the boat? And then there's options within that too. You can add a second MFD, for example. You probably get one as standard. You have to pay to get another one. The joystick, which means you control the boat more easily at slow speed. And Skyhook, which keeps the boat steady if you want to be part of the crewing as a captain when you're coming in to moor. So you need to consider there's the base price and then the key options that are going to really make a difference to your day-to-day boating. You have to tick, and that's what brings the price up. Obviously, there's no side deck, so that's why you have so much beam. We've got yet more living space right here on the bow. Three nice lounges. You can have some protection up here if you want a little bit of protection from the sun. But this is a boat that is about being out on the water enjoying the elements. You're not going to be living on board for weeks on end. That's the key difference. But there is a cabin downstairs, so let's have a look. And this is the key difference. On the Beneteau, your living space is pretty much all up on the main deck. Here, your accommodation is downstairs. So it's much more cave-like. There's nowhere near as much room in here. You've got this open plan berth. So this is a table that also drops down to create a bed. But there is also a fixed bed under there though it's not as private or as comfortable as on the Beneteau. You have got your bath in there in the middle. Again, it's not as big. But I keep making the point. A very different use case for this. Not for a long time on board. A short time, but a fun time. Right, let's take a look at our final new boat. We're on the Saxdor stand now. This is their 400 GTC. And they've got quite a useful graphic here. This is all in euros. But what they've got is the starting price, 299,000 euros. An average price for a mid-spec boat. Probably the type of boat that most people are going to go for. 450,000 euros. And then all in, which is probably what this show boat is, 570,000 euros. So around a half million pounds sterling that we've been looking at. It's quite instructive though, isn't it? And this isn't just a Saxdor thing. Most brands in this sphere will be doing that. A very attractive base boat price. Then you've got to add a few options to get it up to the level of the type of boat you'd actually want to run day to day. And I've got the price list here. And I want to show you some of the examples as to how you get from one price to the other. So upgrading the engines from the base 300s. This is the 425s. The base 300s is how you get that 300,000 euros. If you want the 45s, it's 315,000 euros. It's five and a half thousand euros to get some paint on there. Navigation option, 8,000 euros. Air conditioning is 20,000 euros. A sea keeper, which is a big ticket item for a boat of this size, is 50,000 euros if you want it. So you see, you start adding these things on. And that is how the price picks up. And of course, that is one of the nice things about buying a new boat, is you can make it totally your own. Whatever options you want, you can have. You don't get that with a secondhand boat. But of course, you're adding all these options and you're likely to lose money in the first year through depreciation. So that is the balance. Let me show you what this boat has to offer on board. Of course, the other thing you get with new boats is warranties, warranties on equipment like the engines, electronics, the hull. That's the sort of thing you're not going to get if you're buying secondhand. But onto this actual model and what it offers. We've seen the boat designed for living on board for longer periods. We've seen a really good day boat slash weekender. And this is kind of a blend of the two because you've still got this really nice living space out here and forward. But you've also got a fully enclosed wheelhouse, which we're going to see in a second. Back here, this is mainly the storage, but you can change this to have a barbecue and a sink out here. So you can cook outside, which is quite nice. On that side, it's just deep storage. But there is an inflator for things like a stand up paddle board. Can't carry a tender on this like you can on the Beneteau. But you know, this is a boat with the outboards. You can get nice and close to the beach anyway. You don't necessarily need a tender. This is obviously a pretty nice place to lie out in the sun. But there's also a cabin underneath, which we'll see in a moment. Let's see what it's like inside. Quite a clever door arrangement. So you have this sort of half door here. You've got the door that opens in the regular way there. And then this big window that opens up this area so that they're connected really nicely. Internal dining space. This is pretty good, really. More sociable than the Beneteau, I would say. And the table opens like that. So you can dine inside, but equally folds away. So it's not in the way if you want to move around. This is a two-way seat. So this will come this way so that two people can sit facing forward opposite. The galley, the wet bar. Obviously, this is not quite as substantial as the Beneteau. Pretty similar to the Sea Ray. But you've got induction cooking, cooling space down here, and your sink and there's another fridge opposite. Again, this is not the live on board for long periods of time type thing. But a really comfortable weekender. And one that you can use all year round. The Sea Ray, very much a summer boat. This, you know, designed in Finland, built in Poland, designed to be used all year round. Great driving position. Some similar touch points to the Sea Ray, same throttles, same joystick used in the same system, the Mercury system. It's all Mercury outboards, but obviously there are three different horsepower rounds you can have. Either way, top speed of about 45 knots. So this is probably the fastest boat we're going to see today. Lovely dash design. Triple MFDs. Feels very sort of sports car-ish. If you're coming from the automotive world, if this is your first boat, it's going to feel pretty unintimidating. There's more deck space up there, but I want to show you the interior. Actually quite similar to the Sea Ray, though you've got a fixed berth. Headroom. Yeah, you see, it's really for short times on board, but you have got a nice separate bathroom. Switchboard down here. Bit of storage over on that side. And well, there is a berth under here. Amazingly. Yes, I'm not sure anyone would really want to sleep in there, but it's quite a handy storage section. But as I said earlier on as an option, there is another cabin at the back. So let's have a look at that. The packaging of this boat is really clever. You'd never really know that there's a cabin hiding under here. I can lift up this. Drop down. And there you go. Here's your cabin. Now, it's not the last word in luxury. You probably only want to sleep down here if you had a couple of drinks. But if four of you want to stay onboard for the weekend, it does give you that option. Little bit more privacy than the Sea Ray, but of course, there's no bathroom here. So you've got to go back there to use the loo. But I think there's a lot going on here in terms of versatility, practicality for your half a million quid. Right. Hopefully that's given you a good snapshot of what you can buy new and the benefits of buying new. And now we're going to head over to James Barke over in Essex. Aren't we James? And see what we can get on the secondhand market. Remember, if you want to browse new and used boats, YachtBuyer.com is the perfect place to do so. You can read in-depth reviews of the new boats and compare them side by side. Plus, look at used boat listings safe in the knowledge that they aren't fake or repeated. Like this one from Boats.co.uk, for example. Right. Let's go meet up with James. Welcome to Essex Marina, the home of Boats.co.uk. And we've got James here who heads up the operation. Hi James, good to see you. Good to see you. Oh, are you all right? Very well. Thanks for having us down here. No problem. So as you know, we've been in Dusseldorf looking at what we could buy for half a million. Yeah, the nice new stuff. The new stuff. But we thought it'd be interesting now to come down to here, you've got, you know, hundreds of boats. Yes, yes. In this same budget, what can you get for your money? For 500 grand? For about 500 grand. Yeah, there or there abouts. I've got some real crackers to show you actually. Good. That's what we like to hear. So should we just jump to it? Yeah. What have we got first? Well, I was thinking about a V62. Okay, that sounds big. That sounds big. And it's got some whopping great diesels. Okay, let's go have a look. It's probably worth mentioning that you've got a lot of different brands on site. But you are a current Fairline former Princess dealer. So a lot of your stock is made up of those. Yeah, so I mean, we know those boats the best. So we tend to have an awful lot of those in as used and brokerage. Yeah, but we have lots of other brands here. There's Sunseeker's, there's Azamut's... And obviously we're on quite a specific budget. So it also happens to be what you have in that range week by week because it changes a lot, doesn't it. It does. It changes every few days. Yeah, especially this time of year. So I've got this one and I've got some others to show you as well. This is a lovely boat. Yeah, well, let's get into this. So this is a V62 60ish feet Sports Cruiser. Yes, 2010, 2010. Yeah, so 15 years old. Yeah, this has got a big pair of diesel engines. It does 1200s. Yeah. Okay. So it's two and a half thousand horsepower. Yeah, it's a lot, isn't it? This already looks like a lot more boat to what we've seen new. The biggest boat there was, you know, a 40 foot ish Saxdor. Yeah. So this suddenly you think, Oh, well, I'm going to get this because it's so much more boat, but there's a bit more to it than that, isn't there? You can look like Brewster's Millions for this. Yeah, but it's not just the fact that you've got to run it. You've got to be able to handle it as well because it is a lot more boat than those boats we've seen. It is. It drinks a lot more fuel. Yeah, it's got bigger berthing costs. Yeah. So everything's bigger. What is the price of this one? 5,999.50. So 600,000 pounds. A little bit out of budget, but tax paid, but no, that's negotiable. Tax paid as well. Yeah, and negotiable. So time you do a deal. It'll be over 500, but not millions of miles out. Okay, well shall we go and have a look on board? Definitely. Come on. It's probably worth discussing, actually, for a bit of context, what it would cost someone to get into one of these new because that's going to be a long way over half a million quid. Yeah, I mean, obviously, they don't make this model anymore, but the nearest comparative model would be about two and a half million pounds plus tax. Obviously, you'd have some of the new features and what have you, but that's the best kind of example. And some of the key features that this one has got. We've talked about the engines, what other... Well, you obviously got the high-low platform, which is lovely. You've got the big garage. So you can get a tender in there. Williams 325. Williams 325. And just look at the size of this cockpit and saloon. It's beautiful. And the size of that opening, that door. Yeah. And what I love about Princesses, I just love this big, look at this big, clunky hardware. That door is literally tens of thousands of pounds. You know, it's a 15-year-old boat. Yeah, this is where you are going to notice things like build quality and how they've lasted over that time. That's the big thing because, you know, when you were looking at the new boats, the new Saxdor, it's a lovely boat and it looks cool and it's funky, but it won't have a door like this, you know, and that's what you're getting. Yeah. When you buy an older boat, which is a bit similar money. And you talked about the tender garage. In a scenario like this, the boat secondhand, would you expect the tender to come as part of the deal or is that very, varies from boat to boat? It varies from boat to boat, but a lot of people use the tender as a negotiation tact. Okay. Because it's 20 or 30 grand. Yeah. Someone might say, well, I'll give you this, but you can keep the tender. So it's that kind of thing. Okay. Let's carry on through. See what else we've got on board. Obviously, it's a single helm. Yeah. It's all sort of living on one level this type of boat, isn't it? It is. It's really good. And I always say to people, these kind of V style Targa style boats are really good if you've got a young family. Yeah. Because if you've got little toddlers riding around, you can keep an eye on them. You can section it all off, can't you. You can close those doors, keep the space safe. You've got a boarding gate back there. You can. You've got this whole separate downstairs that we'll see in a minute. Just one thing that actually, the helm makes this point perfectly. As I can see that the MFD is new or newer. That's it. That wouldn't have been fitted. That Raymarine. You love lingo, don't you? MFD. The multi-function display, James. I thought I read that in the listing. I don't know. I don't know. Well, I didn't write it. But the point is, you can upgrade all the boats with newer kit. Yeah. This has got a newer screen. It was GPS. And it's got a stern thruster. Yeah. Yeah, of course. Yeah, I mean, this is, it's got a crew cabin, hasn't it? This has single crew cabin. None of the boats we saw new were big enough to need a crew cabin. Arguably, you wouldn't use a crew cabin boat this size, but some people might, might want it there. And I'm just looking at that cockpit bar. It's probably got a cockpit bar ice maker. But it doesn't work. Avoid. Cool. I mean, look, you can see secondhand boats. There's a sort of thing you're not going to see in a boat show. You've got them. I call that everything. I call it a patina. Yeah, yeah, sure. It's just showing his age gracefully. It's good quality leather. Yeah, it looks lovely, doesn't it? If you think that's what, 16 years old now, and that's... Yep fair point and piece of being in and out of that helm seat many, many times. They have. That looks like a very comfy chair to me. It does. Shall we have a look at the accommodation down stairs. Definitely. I'll follow you. We don't see many Princesses with this colour scheme, do you? The lightwood. No, the lightwood's unusual. A lot of them had cherry and walnut. But it does brighten it up. It does. And it's aged very well. It has. It does look. Everything's in really good order. I love all the hinges and the stainless on the stools. Everything's really well built. Yeah. No, it's a solid feeling boat. It is. And a lot of accommodation compared to what we've seen new. We've got three canins here. Three cabins here, yeah. Double up there. A twin here. Two bathrooms. I assume they'll be a bathroom forward. Yeah, so this one's interesting because it's a twin with a bunk bed on top. Oh yeah. So actually you can get three. If you've got three kids. Yeah. You can put them all in there. That would probably have been a bit of a special option, I imagine. Or just imagine how many fights the kids can have in there. Yeah, yeah. That's the rumpus room. I mean, armageddon. But, you know, this is, keep saying it's a 15 year old boat. But doesn't this layout still work really well? It does. It does. And actually hasn't changed an awful lot for the new boat. No, no. With the Sports Cruiser style, you still have this sort of separation. But oh yeah, it's nice. And one of the big highlights of this boat and actually quite ahead of its time when it came out was the Full beam owner's cabin. It was. And that cabin now is still, I'd say market leading. If you look at the latest boats from all the manufacturers, that's still got some way to go... Yeh, well let's go and have a little look. See what you get? Could we also, could we do a laugh at the socks again? I've been completely outdone, though. Yeah, I know. But yeah, we can. We can get the socks in. Because I've got, you know, a frog socks see and you've I mean, they're not black. So they're not boring. Then no, you're in the game. But you've obviously lost. Not quite as zany. Yeah, I've definitely lost this one. Sorry about that. Um, yeah, I mean, this cabin you're absolutely right. You go to a modern 60 footer and you don't get a huge amount more. You don't. You don't. I mean, we've still got the sock sofa, but we've got this lovely kind of button finish. That just shows its age a little bit. And the windows. And the windows. I used to really like, but today that would be just one huge piece of glass. But I love this big stainless. You can open it. You can open it. Everyone whinges at me in reviews about no one cares about opening windows. Yeah, they do. They do it's nice. Well, you've got a shout window, haven't you to shout at someone. Yeah, yeah, get out of bed, get the fenders in. Off we go. But the height. Look at the height. Yeah, yeah. I mean, I'm just 6'1". You're probably the same on you. 6'5", and I'm absolutely fine. Yeah, 6'5". Yeah, there's plenty of headroom. But there's plenty of headroom. Bathroom over there and even a little kind of walk in wardrobe. Yeah, um, it's just got a big feeling of space and light, isn't it? It has. And people are probably watching going, you just come back from Dusseldorf with boats that are a lot newer but a hell of a lot smaller. Yeah. Why would you not get this? Well, maybe we should go back upstairs and talk about some of the costs involved. There is extra costs. Yeah. And there's some pitfalls. Yeah. And there's some pros and cons. Okay, let's go and have a chat about that. Okay, go on. Okay, so we ran through some of the new boat costs over in Dusseldorf and James is now going to give us a skinny on a big used boat like this. So James, take it away. Yeah, so these are the stats that I do when we produce the used boat videos. So I've done the same for this V62. So I do it in sections. So the first section is buying the boat. So this boat's 599,950. You obviously get a deal, but just use that for the time being as the price. Deposit 30% if you are financing. So that's $179.985. Would people, I mean, this type of boat, would you expect that to be financed more cash? Well, it's very interesting, actually. A few years ago, a lot more boats were being financed. These days, we're probably less than 10 % of boats are being financed. Okay. But I always give the finance example because sometimes people finance the boat just for a short period of time. Yeah. And then they've got a payment coming from a company sale or an asset sale. Okay, we'll carry on with that. So 179,000, just under 180,000 deposit, which means the bank would advance for 19,965 The payment per month would be about £4,200. And that's based on a straight line 10-year repayment, which is quite common at the current APR, which is about 9.26%. So the finance per annum is about £50,000. So, and that's just the cost of physically finance the boat does include any of the maintenance. That's right. That's just you buying the boat. But as I said, a lot of people just wire the money. Yeah. The boat's paid for. And that's what most people prefer to do. Yeah. Okay. So you've you own the boat. Yeah. Let's talk about the cost of actually running. Okay. So this bit is a bit eye watering because this boat has got the twin MTU 1200 V8s. Yeah. Which is bonkers. It'll do 30 knots probably still, won't it? No more. I think you might be up to 38. That's crazy performance. Crazy. If you think this weighs 30, 40 tonnes. Okay. So the fuel is quite eye watering. So speed, we do the stats on 25 knots. The fuel burn. It's going to be a lot. Yeah, it is. I just double check this because we've worked it all out. Litres per hour for both engines, 400 litres per hour. Now, obviously, because diesel's gone up because of what's happening in the world at the moment. We're talking April '26. Yes. Yeah. So the price is in the UK is £1.65 a litre. Which gives a cost of £660 per hour. But you have moved a house 25 nautical miles. Yes, very quickly. So yeah. So maybe it doesn't sound so bad when you do that. UK or world or European use, we use 50 hours. Yeah. So adjusted cost, if you are doing that, is quite a high bonkers £33,000 a year in fuel. Yeah. But you might not use that much. Maybe you just go in the corner and put the anchor down. Yeah. Then it'll be £3,000. Yeah, good advice. No, but it's genuinely worth considering this because, as I said, I think people will see so much boat for their money. I'm just going to go for that. But buying it is half the story, isn't it? You've then got to be able to run it. These engines in this boat are the size of a Mini. Yeah. You know, and each one is having tonnes of diesel poured in. The pistons will be huge. Yeah. So yeah, it is juicy. It's juicy. But what a load of fun. A lot of turbos. Oh, the, oh, the emotion. So then we go on to fixed costs. So these are the other costs that you get when you buy any boat. But obviously, they're more because it's bigger. Yeah. So berthing in the UK. The UK, this is a big boat. Yes. You know, as you go around. You're probably getting towards a limit of guaranteed to, get a berth at shortish notice in every maria at this size. I always say to people about 60 feet is the UK kind of they think you're a big boat at that. Yeah. If you have bigger than that, then you're really taking the p**s. And that is something to consider with the new boats because obviously they were all a fair bit smaller than this. And that is something that will be a lot easier with those is running space for it. Wherever you're keeping it. Especially the UK. So South Coast 22,000 pounds. Servicing. We've got two engines. It is shaft drive. So it's quite simple engineering. You've got a generator. There's no sea keeper. So it's some of the older fashion technology, which isn't silly money. So it's about eight and a half grand a year to service the engines. And yeah the machinery. Maintenance, polishing, antifowl, anodes, that kind of stuff. We've put down about 6,000. Insurance is four and a half, five grand a year. It's not fortunes. So you've got fixed costs of about 41 ,000 pounds. Yeah, roughly speaking. Yeah. So I think the big thing there is just the berth. If you, I mean, people always say to us both, you know, I can get a berth here cheaper and this, that and the other. Understood. But this is UK South Coast. Med will be more. Yeah. And maybe if you're in Finland or something, you can get it outside your house. It's free. Yeah. But it's a huge boat for Finland. So but no, I mean, it's realistic. It's realistic. So variable costs. I always go through these and, you know, people can argue with them with me because depreciation is obviously subjective. But at 599,950, if we said depreciation is about 40 grand, now you could get away with nothing because it's kind of come down to this price. But I think it's always sensible to dial in some depreciation. And if you're on the better side of it, happy days. Fuel, we've done that 33,000. If you do that, 50 hours. Finance, 50 odd grand. That's not including the repayment, though. So you're actually repaying asset value. Total 126,000 pounds. So you can see there's quite a few extra. Yeah, extra costs. That covers the bulk of the cost. The only other thing you might need to have is a reserve fund for the odd thing on an older boat. Yeah, that might go wrong. Things like fridges packing up. Because all the kit is as old as the boat, isn't it? Most of it will be replaced like the chart plotter. And it's very difficult for us to... Because you might have a year with no bills, and you might have another year where you've got an air conditioner gone, you've got a water pump that's gone, a shower pump. And you might have to have a few grand set aside for that. So where does that leave us then? Have you got a big total there? Well, I can't ever estimate the one offs. So yeah, the total variable cost, depreciation, the fuel, the finances, 126,000. Yeah, yeah. So the reason we total that is we call that cash burn. Yeah. That's what it's going to cost you to own this boat per anum, if you're going to use it. Yeah. Now, you might get away with a bit less or a bit more, but that's a rough idea of how much it's going to cost you. And people really want to know that. Yeah. Because that's the truth. Of course. And I think the final thing to say before we move on to the next two boats is, those boats that we looked at new all felt like pretty good starter boats. Maybe not the trawler because it's a single shaft and they can be a bit tricky, but the Sea Ray and the Saxdor, people who are new to boating, that's probably quite an easy way to get into it. This, you probably need a little bit of experience to jump straight into it because it's twin shafts, it's bow and stern thrusters and there's no joystick. It's big as well. Interesting you say that. What we tend to advise people is if you're new to boating, buy as new as you can afford, which means you're getting smaller. Yeah. Because more money, lesser of a boat because it's newer. And then as you get a bit more experienced, you go, do you know what? I really want that Princess. I want that Sunseeker. Yeah. But I can't afford a new one. And that's where these boats suddenly jump out. Yeah. Because they can get into it. The boater has had some experience. Yeah. And they know they've got to be a little bit thick skinned to deal with boating, but the enjoyment is priceless. And that's where these boats shine. And it's interesting you should say that because we're about to go look at something cheaper, smaller, but quite unique. Very wacky. Very wacky. Let's go. Now, if nothing else, this demonstrates the variety of boat you can get for similar budgets on the secondhand market. This is another Princess, a very different flavour of Princess though. This is the R35. It's a 2020 boat. So it's 10 years younger than that V62. And it's got a pair of V8 430 horsepower Volvo petrol engines. Your type of boat, JB, no? It is. It is my type boat and it's got some really funky features. The first thing is it's all made of carbon fibre, which obviously Princess had never done. And I think they learned quite a lot doing that. I think it's probably worth pointing out that this is a rare case of Princess going a bit mad, they're quite a safe company in terms of design. And this was a moment where they just went for this crazy carbon fibre, it's a semi foiling sports boat. Well, that's what I was about to say. It's not only carbon fibre, but these foils underneath as well. And I've driven this boat. You've driven this boat. Yeah. We're one of the few to have actually driven them. And it does go extremely well around corners. It performs amazingly well. Yeah. But when I drove it, I thought this would be so good with just these engines in this hull. Yeah. Do you need the complication of the foils in there as well? And I think that... And the complication of the carbon fibre. Yeah. Because that was a lot of extra work for the factory. Just look how pretty it is. Oh, it's gorgeous. Clearly, it's a lot less boat than what we've just seen. Yeah. But this is pretty unique. It's not quite a one-off, but they didn't build very many, did they? No, they didn't build many. It didn't sell as well as it should. It was up against the Fairline F-Line 33, which was diesel or petrol, and GRP. And a chunk cheaper, yeah, because you didn't have the foils or the carbon fibre. The amount of hours that went into this finish was just breathtaking. So there's not many of them around, and it's a real toy. And actually, I did sell it new. This actual one. To the first owner, he had it down in Devon for a while, and then I sold it to the current owner who's had it since. Yeah. And he's got a much bigger boat. This was his weekend toy. Which is, you know, what it's perfect for, really. It is. Well, let's step on board and we'll show sort of what you actually get on board, but it is very much for having a bit of fun out of the day, maybe a weekend at most, isn't it? Yeah, it's a c**k extension. Great, let's have a look. Well, straight into the cockpit. The cockpit, where else are we going to be? I agree. But I think this was one of the issues, wasn't it, when it sold new. It's a lovely looking thing, fantastic to drive, but there's not an awful amount of boat. No, there's no amount of money. Because how much was this new? This was £600 ,000 or £700,000. Yeah. But it's very Riva-esque, you know, with the big sun lounger, that kind of tapered stern. It's a muscle boat, isn't it? It is. Sun pad in the back. V8's underneath it. Yeah. Looks fantastic. Goes like a stink. You know, if you want that type of boat, then this is a pretty unique proposition. It's a piece of art, and it looks unbelievable. Look, it's see how it's painted. This has all been painted. Yeah, yeah. And this is where the cost just goes absolutely starlight. Look at the helm as well. I mean, it does look fantastic, doesn't it? It does. But this will suit someone who wants to just go for a blast at a weekend, show off, go for maybe some drinks with his friends, and just say, look, I've got something pretty neat. A great looking boat, yeah. It's got a joystick as well, I noticed. So this is on stern drives. That was on shafts. So stern drives, there's something different with them when it comes to maintenance, isn't there? Because they need a separate service, because you need to service the engines and the stern drives. There's a bit of extra cost there. And also, I'm not a great fan of the joystick on the stern drives. I don't know if you are. Much better now. I think this one would have been in the clunky era. You've still got a bow thruster and you can still use the throttles. And it's got some really lovely details, like you see those switch gear. Yeah, they only use them on this boat. Again, there was no expense spared, but it just didn't land. No, look, they went for something smaller, and they threw everything at it in terms of design, materials, engineering, and the foils. Ben Ainslie. Yeah, it was with his company, so they really did throw everything at it. It just maybe landed at the wrong time. Maybe, maybe, yeah. Cool boat though. We should just probably cover off what you've got downstairs, which again, isn't a huge amount. You've got a little kind of toilet. Yeah, and a dinette that will convert into a bed. So you can seep on it if you want to, but it's pretty cosy. It is cosy, but beautifully finished. Yeah, really, really high. It's a lovely thing for the right person. This is a special boat to have outside your pontoon, but it is. It's a bit of a niche case. The final boat we're going to look at is not very niche. I think it's a really great all-round package. It's a little bit under budget, but we're going to explain a bit of that when we get down to it. Let's do it. Come on. Right, let's come to our final boat. It's a Fairline Squadron 42. Yeah. And at £295,000, obviously, this is well within our budget, but I thought it'd be interesting to come to a boat that's under budget, and we could talk about the costs maybe involved in bringing it up to better condition, and then we'll still hopefully be well within our budget. Yeah, good idea. And I've got those costs because we do it all day long. Yeah, and it's a really solid boat. That's a Fairline Squadron 42. Absolute rock solid, shaft drive, twin diesel, classic Fairline. Yeah. Let's go aboard and have a look. Okay, let's set the scene a little bit. Squadron 42, 40-ish feet flybridge boat. Obviously, a different style of boat to what we've seen so far. We've got the two decks up above. She's 2010. Yeah. Pair of shaft drives, Volvo Penta, 370 horsepower, shaft drive. Yeah, so we talked about the maintenance of those. Yes, a bit simple. Very simple. And it's a nice layout, isn't it? This still works really well. You've got obviously the fact you have your cockpit plus living space outside up on the flybridge. And then you've got this saloon here, but what still works really well, I think, is this layout down here. Yes. The fact that the galley is, it's a proper galley, isn't it? It's down a deck but still connects really well to this area and even the cockpit. With the glass and it just feels part of the socialising still, which is what people loved when, yeah, we sold these new. Yeah. They loved the fact that, you know, they could be preparing food and drink here and still keep part of the conversation here. And it's aged, again, like the Princess, it's aged pretty well. It has very well. This was definitely before its time, with the new window style and what have you. And it still looks good today. Yeah, and the woodwork has all held up really nicely. It has, you know, you've got a proper galley here, you've got a couple of fridges. You've not got a dishwasher, probably. No, they're a waste of time, aren't they? Well, I mean, they're that big. Yeah, that's true on this size of boat you're not going to get a dishwasher. Yeah, you can cook down here pretty comfortably. Yeah. The other thing is, accommodation is decent, two cabins and two bathrooms. That's right. Two heads. So privacy is really good. Yeah, on a boat this size. Okay, that's a twin cabin. But yeah, still good enough for some adults to sleep in. I mean, you all want to be in there for probably more than a week. But the master is absolutely lovely. For the UK, this feels like quite a good size. Because it's built heavily and it's twin diesel and shaft drive. It's a proper sea boat. Yeah. So you can be out in some chop and you'll still feel comfortable. And of course, you've got the inside helm. So if the weather's truly crap, you can get in protection down here. Now, what I thought was interesting about this is it's well under budget as it stands. But it'd be good to talk about if someone wants to buy a boat like this and spend some money on getting it back up to maybe not show room condition, but as near as damn it. What sort of things can you do? Aesthetically mainly, isn't it? And what kind of costs are involved? It is. Well, the good thing about doing aesthetic works on boats like Princess and Fairlines is the fundamental foundations are good. So the hull is good and the whole way, the whole way the boat is built is perfect. Now, when you do the soft upholstries, which obviously do day and do, these are actually... That's probably the first thing you look at and go, that looks a bit odd. So in terms of spending, you can easily do 10,000, 15,000 on the upholstery. For outside and inside. Yes. So that would do all your exterior cushions as well. It would. I always think the dinghies on these, they always look a bit tired because they are older. This has got a Williams 285. It looks like it's probably the same age as the boat. It is. So that needs to go. And a new Williams, you're probably looking at 25,000 grand there roughly. Yeah. Carpets, some of the woodwork blemishes, obviously for going through all the engines, servicing and just going a little bit further. Maybe some touch up and painting down in the engine room. Air conditioners, heating, servicing. Hull polishing, which is actually quite a big job. Yeah. It's got a nice hull colour this boat. It has. They called it steel blue, but it's steel grey. But anyway, it looks really cool. You know, you could probably get that back, but it's going to take. It's going to take a lot of polish. It is. As you know, the Fairline gel coat is thick so they can polish it back and even wet flat it back and look like new. Into the cabins, you're going to have some bilge pumps that will probably do with changing water pumps and bed heads and surrounds. A boat of this size in this age isn't going to have a stabiliser or anything like that. No, and I don't think it needs it because it's shaft drives really rock solid out on the water. You could certainly, if you were really going to town, you could get hundred with a tender hundred and fifty thousand. Yeah. But then you have really got like a new boat. Yeah, it will look new, smell new. And you've got the Fairline quality. And they don't build an equivalent new version. They don't, no. So if you do want a British built flybridge of this size. Yeah. And looking at something like this is quite a good way to go. Crucially, both the big manufacturers in the UK Princess and Fairline, they've gone to 50 foot flys. So the F50 and the Squadron 50, but they are IPS powered. Yeah. And IPS has pros and cons. What I love about shaft drive is it's sure footedness. Yeah. And so actually, you can't buy a new equivalent of this boat. And it's not just the Brits. Lots of brands have removed flybridge of this size from the range. So yeah, it's hard to buy new boats of this size. It's probably a little bit uneconomic. Yeah. So getting one of these, a good one of these, and then going to town there, I think actually is a really good option. Well, I was hoping that's what you'd say. Because you're well within budget. Yeah. But it's just a different approach you can take with a used boat that is still within that 500,000. One important thing, I have to say this as a boat dealer, if you buy a boat of this age, and then you spend that money on it, keep the boat for a few years. Don't think you're going to spend all that money and then get it back if you have. You sell it. Because it is always a 2010 Squadron 42. But it's an exceptional condition. And to get your money's worth, I would say you need to be keeping at least five years. Enjoy it. And then it will sell at the top of that price range and maybe a way bit over the others. But you're never going to get all that money back. That is very sound advice. And exactly why we do videos like this with James. Yes. Well, the thing is, I have to look people in the eye and say, I'll take it back in. I know you spend that money, but I can only give you a proportion of that back. Yeah. And I tell them that before they spend it, so everyone's clear. James, that's been really interesting. Thank you very much for having us down and talking us through all this. I hope you guys have enjoyed it. Yeah, let us know what you thought of the video in the comments below. Make sure you subscribe to James' channel. Yeah, Boats.co.uk. And also thank you guys for coming down. It's been really good fun. Yeah, we're going around. Good to see you. Appreciate it. Cheers. Well, there you go. I hope that's proved interesting. It certainly has for me. On the face of it, you come here and you see what you get secondhand and you think, why would you not just buy that lovely big princess? I'm getting so much boat. But then when James drilled down into the costs, it was quite illuminating, wasn't it? The buying it is one thing. Running it is another. And of course, this is a secondhand boat as is the Princess and the two Princesses. They've all been used by somebody. You have no real choice on the spec decisions. Of course, you can revamp them, but you have got to live with someone else's choices. The new boats, you turn up and you can have exactly what you want. And it's absolutely brand spanking new, shiny, warranties. It's a very different experience. If it were me, if I had to buy one of the new and one of the used, I think I go for the Swift Trawler new because I just think that is a boat that you can do a lot with for the budget and a boat that you could keep for a long time. Even though it's your first boat, I think it would do you do you very well. Used, it's easy to go, "I'll go for that nice big Princess". But actually, I really like the idea of buying something like this lower budget, spend some money making it really good because then you've got a smaller boat that's a bit more manageable that will actually be a bit cheaper to run because it hasn't got so much kit on it, smaller engines, etc, shaft drives. I think a bit more of a manageable cost space if you want to spend that type of budget. But hey, let me know in the comments below, which new one would you go for? Which used? I'd be very interested to find out. Thanks very much for watching that video. Please give it a like if you enjoyed it and remember to subscribe if you haven't done so already. We've actually filmed another Propgear episode here with some used boats with James and Hugo from MBY. That's coming up. Make sure to subscribe and then you won't miss it. Thanks again for watching. I'm Jack Haines. This is YachtBuyer.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Yachtbuyer [7 likes]: Read the full comparison and breakdown here: 
https://www.yachtbuyer.com/features/new-vs-used-yachts-2026-what-your-pound-500k-really-buys
  2. @KelleyEnsor [1 likes]: Great video good to see James and his socks
  3. @jaffaholland4039 [1 likes]: Love this video tons.
  4. @guinnessharvey4476: Great stuff :)
  5. @newera973: The bit between 31:30 and 32:00 makes this the best boat video ever, of all time. The GOAT.
  6. @miguelcosta6627: If I had the money, I would  buy the swift trawler too.
  7. @timtam644lpl: Diesel cheaper? Not for 20 years bud
  8. @DB-007-b5q: 3 F rules, If it floats, Flies or F  c ks, its cheaper to rent than to buy.
  9. @Fredo321: I would buy a used car, erh boat, from this guy.
  10. @richiecolon3774: I love the honest breakdown of projected expenses.  Far too many people here in Florida get into the chartering business without real consideration of cost, or how limited the berthing can be in these parts.
  11. @nielsdelrue7242: You need yo vissit the cobra yacht stand on dusseldorf 
The sea master 45 is for me the biggest boat foor 500000€
  12. @WH05GTH: Fairline then a little visit to Setag for some little updates . As for new, it would be the Swift Trawler 37 ,great video on what to buy for 500k ,if only I had 500k lol .
  13. @clinty51: This is a great video Jack, and without any doubt I would go with the same choices you have made.  Love the idea of making all the choices for the Swift Trawler, but really equally enjoy personalising the Fairline.  That's my choice if I could choose one from each category, but when I win the lottery I'll be chasing down a Fairline.  Seems like after you do all the sensible maintenance things for a boat of that age, there is still a pretty good budget for modifications...I'd say contact details for SETAG would be in my phone.
  14. @therealmarkchilton: It's insane to see how little 500k buys you new in 2026.  Just dreadful.
  15. @edmorris4103: Good stuff, but the Beneteau is the only trawler. Planing boats are fun, but what about those of us that want range more than speed?
  16. @ggggggggyt: Im watching this thinking “wow 500k so affordable” meanwhile i dont even own a house
  17. @jaffaholland4039: The last boat is my favourite would add the money if I could.
  18. @faraway5828: My Old Man (ex HMS Conway), shipowner, yard owner, racing sailor at the very highest level always told me - "Fools buy new boats, for wise men to buy later".  He also said that one should only ever buy a boat when there was snow on the deck.
  19. @davidharries6980: Great video Jack definitely love to see more of these
  20. @billdonohoe8266: Excellent concept.   Please do more of these!

- Azimut Yachts - 3 Tips BEFORE You Buy To Save $300k! | Yacht Hunter: Kind: captions Language: en hey Chris Martin brother yeah hunter and you stumbled across this video because you're looking into buying an asthma yacht it's my responsibility to make sure that you never overpay for whatever hazmat yacht you're gonna buy so to make sure you don't do that there's a lot of numbers that you're never gonna come across in your research but I'm gonna give you the biggest three really quickly the first number that you need to know is the number eight eight months is how long an asthma yacht typically takes to sell normally a yacht takes between six to eight months so as you approach the eighth month the seller and especially the listing broker is gonna begin to feel the heat so you might be able to leverage this to your benefit as you cross that mark the second number you need to know is eight point three three what is that number that's how much an azimuth typically sells below it's listed value so right off the bat take eight point three three off and that should be your initial target price and the third the absolute most important number you need to know when buying any out which I stress in all my videos is what the most recent azimuth that you're looking to buying sold for in the past instead of looking for what it has it is listed at or priced at or what comparables on the market arm you have to find out what they actually sold for so here's an example you're looking at a 2014 64 foot Passyunk flybridge which is currently listed for 1.8 but in my database i know that that has meant sold for one point eight three years ago so how can you justify with depreciation and expenses and everything else to get the same price for the yacht what if sold for three years ago you can't and what happens is sellers don't want you to the person for mation so you can get this information for whatever has been here looking into purchasing by filling out the form below you'll be doing yourself a favor myself a favor and everyone wins you never overpay so thanks so much for watching this video and until next time happy adding my friend [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @jetsky4308 [3 likes]: Azimut?? TKS........

Problam
  2. @franciescod5771 [2 likes]: Azimut today  is problans ....but...
  3. @giuseppegio8200 [1 likes]: Riva end  ferretti our Princess  frind.
  4. @MrPink-: "you've stumbled on this video cuz you're looking to buy an Azimut" eheh...no.

- SAILBOAT BUYING TIPS - Part 1! A veteran surveyor gives his inside tips  #sailboat: Kind: captions Language: en hi I'm Randall I'm a first-time boat owner with 10 000 miles of open ocean sailing experience I love classic boats and as a new owner I'm more Curious than ever about what goes into buying fixing improving operating and safely enjoying their magic and Beauty join me as I talk to experts and share insights on all things related to older sailboats if you're interested in affordable ways to get out sailing you're in the right place today I'm tagging along with Jim a veteran surveyor to chat about DIY tips on an old sailboat and what you can look for before you hire a surveyor [Music] hey Randy good to see you hey man miss you bro thanks for uh taking the time to meet with me oh good yeah so we get a lot of questions right from viewers that say I have a dream of sailing I have a dream of getting my family out of the water or I want to retire but I don't have a half million dollars and I really like the captain Q show because you guys are showing boats that are thirty thousand forty thousand fifty thousand ninety thousand those are attainable budgets maybe I sell my house and I'm going to retire but as they start to go through the buying process it's unchartered territory what I was thinking was you are a veteran surveyor you see a lot of different boats is there a way that we can give people a little bit of a DIY survey as you're dipping your toe in the water of buying a boat and so that's why I'm here to bother you and that's why I'm here to interrupt your day uh so that maybe we can give these folks a little bit of a guide that's a great idea where do you when you drive up to the Boatyard even let's say you've got a survey commission uh client uh where do you start well the first thing I would do is walk around the boat and look at the kind of obvious things that might come up in terms of wear tear deterioration impact Etc and then get a little more in detail in what's going on and how serious is it yeah so yeah we got an entire boat yard here to go through I mean there's got to be a million boats in this boat yard so and frankly after thousands and thousands and thousands of boat bottoms maybe we should start on the bottom all right yeah yeah and take a look at a few boats and see if uh some of these are going to be the kind of boat that one of your people might be interested in buying and at least before they go and spend a lot of money on a surveyor they can get a feel for well what can go wrong with the bottom of a boat here and what am I going to be dealing with in terms of repair organizations well so one of the things that a buyer can do before they actually go ahead and hire a surveyor is look at the kind of care specific pieces of the boat have gotten over the course of ownership some of those things that are important would be the prop the prop shaft the Cutlass bearings the zincs the kind of Maintenance items on the underwater Hall okay well let's take a look at the running gear it's uh and what do you mean by running gear all right the prop and the shaft this particular prop and shaft exits the hull through this skeg there's no strut holding the shaft yeah there's probably a tube in here which or which may not be okay okay and then a shaft log hose and a stuffing box and off to the engine just a quick note on the shaft log it's essentially A through-hole fitting for the drive shaft to pass through the hull it can be bronze fiberglass aluminum they're designed to allow the drive shaft to pass through and also provide a mounting surface for the stuffing box or shaft seal so in this kind of an installation you want to be able to make sure that the Cutlass bearing back here is getting enough water flow to lubricate the shaft and that's what this intake is for how do you take a look at the to see if the Cutlass bearing is in good shape well one it's easy enough to rotate a shaft and if the shaft binds up while you rotate it or is stiff at some fire and then loose on another part it may mean that the shaft is bent the shaft is pretty bound and the cut was bearing indicating it's not aligned properly or the hull is deformed from being ashore the Cutlass bearings right here basic idea is that that Cutlass bearing can't have too much play in it okay so we typically lift the shaft up and see if there's any movement so what we're looking for is a little play there it looks like about a millimeter or so up and if you can hear it If It's banging like that I can hear it bang that means there's too much slack and that will cause shaft vibration okay and what is the implications or the consequences of having shaft vibration well that vibration travels up the shaft through the stuffing boxer shaft gland and it ends at the very front end of the shaft and the back end of the transmission okay for the transmission output flange connects to the shaft coupling and that causes vibration and that vibration is transmitted right into the transmission output shafting oil seal ah and that can cause that seal to wear over time and then you lose some transmission fluid maybe a lot of it yeah you don't know but a surveyor will figure all this out or you may just decide uh you know I got to do a Cutlass bearing I I don't necessarily want to get involved in that job right don't disqualify a boat for that yeah it's a small job yeah yeah so that's kind of a just so you know maybe it's a negotiating point with the good negotiating Point maintenance item basically but sometimes it'll get negotiated yeah do you think like a average yard bill would be what a couple thousand to swap out a maybe a thousand bucks and change yeah so not not terrible not too bad yeah okay no this particular Arrangement on this prop is a little different from most but the uh this nut this is that this is actually two nuts you're looking at here okay yeah a very thin nut yep right and a thicker nut the idea is that the lock nut is the last nut yet and the lock nut should have the most threads so to cinch a prop up on a shaft all you need is a small nut like this okay it'll cinch the prop up onto the taper and get it seated onto the shaft and then you want to lock the small nut down with a lock nut at the back end so this is actually backwards in this Arrangement so you would bring the prop up snug on the taper with a small nut and then lock things down with the big nut so that the load was across more threads that's right that makes a lot of sense anything you look for in prop condition this prop is in pretty great condition maybe we can look at another boat button yeah yeah this one's okay it's got I don't know whether it's got some kind of zinc on it or something but I think coating yeah yeah it's in good shape are there any Coatings that you like in particular have you tried any of those new funky ones well yeah yeah um on a sailboat most people will probably go for something like one of the zinc primers like the Pettit zinc yep it's a good material a good product um you could go for the velox which is a epoxy coating or prop speed more expensive tends to release Barnacles pretty effectively but for the kind of exposure that a sailboat prop gets and it's RPM that slick coating is really not that important right right maybe more for power boats more for power boats okay yeah shafts touring at higher RPM yeah yeah yeah well let's take a look at some others so this is a counter rotating prop Insurance counterclockwise from viewing it from the back okay and this I imagine would Propel It Forward right and in Reverse would be like that you can see the difference yeah so I'm supposed to know all this stuff you know but sometimes and you can adjust the these angles is that right or this that's right yeah there's actually an internal adjustment in here that will adjust the pitch of the prop yeah to meet the engine RPM needs that the engine is set up for his horsepower and load configuration okay so this one is not pitched very much yeah no it's not it's a very slight pitch so what do you look for the idea of the max prop is that the prop blades themselves when you rotate each one can't have too much slack in them okay so a little bit because if they do that's where yeah and then they can bind up okay so I'm just gonna kind of feel for a little see that yeah yeah I've got like another thing yeah it's about writing a Max prop and was that would that raise any red flags for you if there's that much play no that's actually about right you need some play okay yeah not not too much more than that okay the shaft in this particular boat has what's called a weed cutter and this particular one is referred to as Spurs I think it's the product name but if you take a close look at it when the prop is rotating it will catch a line like a Lobster Pot line and it will actually cut it so that the prop doesn't get fouled in the Lobster Pot line yeah you'll see a lot of these basically they have to be working in such a way that both the cutter blade and the rotor blade are intact sometimes they get banged up and they fall off in this particular shaft has zincs that are showing a little more wear when they start to look like this that's about the time you think about are they ready for a replacement not quite yet but getting close and now here we have a good example of uh a strut with a Cutlass bearing right yeah this is another Cutlass bearing installation um a buyer may not be able to tell a lot about the Integrity of the strut from the external inspection of it inside the strut is bolted to the hull sometimes over glass if there's moisture getting in you can see traces of it inside the boat which you may not notice from the outside what would it look like if they're Rusty okay pretty much Rusty schmutzy I don't know a little Schmutz isn't gonna hate this is a strut that holds a prop shaft and Cutlass bearing that we had talked about yeah right yep you can see that the bolts that are holding the strut in have gotten water up inside they're rusting and they're weeping here while the boat sits ashore so that means when this boat goes back in the water that water's going back up in there too and with their oxygen starved they may possibly fail and so this is a good installation to get further investigation on if a guy's going to buy a boat this would be an easy one to take a look at first thing you would do is you would shake it to see if the struts moving yeah and in this particular case there's no movement yeah so that just means we may need to drop the strut check the bolts re-bed the strut tighten everything back down and so re-betting the strut means you're going to put new bedding compounds is that yeah yeah 4100 or boat life like yeah do you use something that's got a little bit of flexibility if it's under vibration you want to have something that's not rigid yeah absolutely a little bit of flexibility would accept some of that vibration it's a natural part of of especially a two blade right right yeah this particular shafts damn right just a little got a little bit of movement not as critical as the other shaft had see that one oh yeah that's like a half millimeter yeah a little bit of movement yeah not quite ready for replacement yet yeah so we're pretty happy with that yeah I would give it another season or two how often do these cutlasses get replaced ideally every boat's different shaft RPM yep operating environment Okay sandy shallow water yep abrasion yeah more you know than than New England cold water like Maine okay yeah right where it's Rocky and mostly just Open Water right so depending on the RPM of the shaft too yeah that's where right so that's why you test it every year so you can give that shaft we go how bad is my Cutlass bearing if you have shared vibration and you haven't struck anything yep that's a good indication that it's time to replace the Cutlass any sailboat you look at regardless of the hull configuration is going to have an auxiliary motor in it more than likely and it's going to have a prop and the props will either be two blade which has very little resistance when the boat is sailing because there's only two blades and some of those are folding two blades and that is less resistance then you'll have a three blade is that three yeah let's go three three today it is three blade like this a little more resistance but a little more application of torque to the water when the engine is running and so when a boat is powering more thrust so this particular installation is kind of interesting if you get a close-up on it the prop is what maybe four inches in back of the strut and the prop shaft is one inch and the rule of thumb is the prop should be one and a half times shaft diameter a bath to the strut which would mean the prop should be sitting right here and the reason for that is to prevent vibration because the prop is this far back on the shaft will have more vibration on the shaft as it passes through the Cutlass bearing and as a result of that more aware in the Cutlass pairing this particular prop is a three-bladed bronze prop it's in good shape otherwise turns okay in the strut Cutlass bearing is okay but look these are the nuts that are supposed to secure the prop on remember we were talking about the little nut supposed to go on first yep well it's not on this one and there's a big nut but neither one of them are doing anything it's a good thing they have a cotter pin in there we can keep our prop on if we back up you'd have to take the shaft out and send it in for Machining they would cut a taper in the shaft they would cut the shaft cut a taper into the shaft and put it in a new keyway if they wanted to it would change it but the simpler way to do it would be measure what you want to cut off here and then cut it off at the coupling end and machine the coupling end yep and slide this up yeah it's still got to come out of the boat right so I want to give a big thanks to Jim for spending so much time and sharing so much knowledge with me I hope you've enjoyed it Jim shared so much knowledge with me that day that I had to break it into two parts so part two will cover Rudders heels through holes and other key parts of the bottom of the boat if you have questions you'd like to ask Jim feel free to drop a comment down below the video or shoot us an email send an email to askgem yacht hunting.com and we'll gather up all the questions and try to answer the most popular ones if you'd rather have a direct line to Jim head on over to our patreon and we'll make sure that he gets the questions and answers as best he can and of course thanks again to our patreon sponsors for all of your support without your help this production really wouldn't be possible so so really appreciate it thanks so much

  Top Comments:
  1. @danielread1942: GREAT TO STZRT BELOW THE WATERLINE . SUPER HELPFUL INFO ON THE PROP, SHAFT AND SYSTEM IN THESE BOATS. THIS GUY KNOWS HIS WORK.
  2. @Libroer: This video is exactly what I wanted and more. Fantastic content!!
  3. @GlockBaby4270: Please ask next time what tools should a person bring if any? Such as flashlight, tape measure etc
  4. @sword-and-shield: There is a gold mine here for a YT channel showing a complete survey, AND after vids explaining common fixes and costs.
  5. @gulfwinds: With so much BS on sailing channels, this is useful stuff! Thank you!
  6. @howtowanderlust: Wow you earned a sub. These are fantastic informational videos.
  7. @sionnachog894: Very helpful but leave the film bits out 'shaft' etc!
  8. @paulwest3905: Thanks Randall, this stuff is invaluable. I'm former USN and as Airwing on the Enterprise there was a whole cadre of guys like me who either repaired specific sets of gear (I was a FLIR tech) or did general preventive maintenance. It was boring, repetitive work but critical to extending the life of the aircraft in this case or sailboats, etc. It's actually pretty easy when you own the boat to be proactive on this stuff and it not only helps you learn your particular boat's idiosyncrasies but let's you build your personal knowledge base. It can get a bit pricey, but odds are that you can catch a developing issue early and deal with it to minimize expenses later on. It's really a win-win. I am looking to become a sailboat owner and travel once retired. Love the content!
  9. @caleite83: Thanks...I've learned a lot. Where is located this botyard? Maybe I could take a look in some of these thousands sailbots...
  10. @kristinaharrison1313: Great video, really helpful, thank you both
  11. @mattdecker6791: Stop the pop culture cut-aways.  Obnoxious and they detract from your otherwise interesting presentation.
  12. @gonetoadventure8825: He's incorrect about the locknut order. The force is taken up by the big one first. The skinny one just provides lock to the larger ones rotation.
Still very educational though!
  13. @thegodofthesails: Amazing series! Thanks for sharing
  14. @prototype8861: Magnetic coupling 🎉
  15. @regcrowder9010: Great stuff. Thank you! 😁
  16. @jrremerable: Where's Captian Q? Hows the old buzzard doin?
  17. @Hey_OverHere: It was all about the shaft.  They were fixated on it in This video.  I was hoping to see more inspection. Across the boat given the title.
  18. @paulkobiela9385: It’s a cutless bearing and NOT cutlas!!!
  19. @JS-jh4cy: I guess for some people the solution is get a bigger boat...
  20. @tonekenny5225: Too late. I bought one. 😁