- Charter the Chesapeake Bay with Waypoints Annapolis: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] waypoints annapolis is a charter company we're located in annapolis maryland and we offer opportunities for people who are sailors or non-sailors to go sailing around the beautiful chesapeake bay we make those charter getaways really easy for the client they'll come in on a friday night spend the night enjoy themselves and then the next morning they're up and off the docks on their way to st michael's rock hall galesville wherever it be the destination of their choice one of my favorite places is st michaels great place to go to from annapolis they have cafes they have art studio they have the maritime museum wonderful lovely place to go waypoints annapolis offers the experienced sailors an opportunity to come take advantage and really hone on their skills and enjoy life they can come to the base they can charter a boat whether it's a mata hall or a catamaran or even a power boat and they can take it out on the bay and they can go by themselves or if they want to they can hire a skipper so they can just enjoy themselves a lot of our waypoints charter customers started out maybe with some of the big charter companies and had that more commercialized experience and now they're looking for more personal level of service working with people that become friends you know for life these people go back every year and really develop a personal relationship that goes goes on for years and i think that makes a difference and people i think are looking for more of those types of experiences uh with waypoints versus the more impersonal experience you may get with a big commercialized operation waypoints annapolis is all about having fun on the bay bachelorette parties bachelor parties birthdays family outing whatever it is let me help you plan your vacation

  Top Comments:
  1. @neonguy57: Matt on The Duracell Project made jigs from thin trim and hot glue ... otherwise great job guys !

- The Great Loop: Annapolis MD to Cape May NJ: Kind: captions Language: en foreign each night as we make port or Anchorage we take time to let our family and friends know we are safe and sound and where we have landed Annapolis is a large boating Center in the self-declared sailing capital of the world Annapolis was first settled in the mid-1600s and is now both Maryland state capital and home the U.S Naval Academy Annapolis has managed to retain a small town feel with tree-lined streets and well-maintained homes and businesses we particularly enjoyed the colonial architecture and could feel the history as we walked through the streets of Annapolis [Music] Annapolis has water taxi service to take you to a variety of restaurants and venues upon requests they will pick you up from your vessel or from land and take you to your requested destination like an Annapolis you know the true owners of the Waterfront spot are the birds especially Ducks specifically mallards the place where Kunta Kinte first landed is memorialized by this sculpture every day a million Miracles begin at Sunrise we woke early on Monday morning after Father's Day to get an early start for our trip to Cape May New Jersey departure days consists of quick grab-and-go coffee and tea and absent of normal morning routine pull out from the dock we prepare our Great Loop play for the next leg of the journey clearly we're not the only ones up at this time of the day the United States Naval Academy is a four-year co-educational Federal service Academy and it's just a few blocks north of the marina it is home to over 4 000 Cadets who are in training to be officers in the U.S Navy and Marines thank you beautiful Monday morning Juneteenth Steve has the day off so we are going to run the rest of the way today end up in Cape May for the evening and we'll be there for the week the William Preston Lane Junior Memorial Bridge which is the largest continuous overwater steel structure when it opened in 1952. I didn't know Buick made a boat After exiting the Chesapeake Delaware Bay Canal we began heading south on the Delaware River after 120 nautical miles we are coming little local knowledge is helpful we hug the greens as we learned there was heavy shoaling on the opposing side we are passing the Cape May Lewes Ferry Terminal you can save time when traveling to and from Delaware while sailing on the Cape May Lewes Ferry as you cross the Delaware enjoy historic lighthouses Scenic Harbor's unique Shorebirds and maybe even your own dolphin escort the Cape May Canal is a 2.9 nautical mile Waterway connecting Cape May Harbor to the Delaware Bay at the southern tip of Cape May County New Jersey Training Center Cape May is the fifth largest base in the Coast Guard in the soul of session point for the entire enlisted Workforce thank you all right welcome back hoping you enjoyed our Annapolis and Cape May footage yeah yeah did you uh did you like Annapolis I loved Annapolis yeah we did it was very pretty um that's got to be a favorite stop along the way they had a lot to do and uh we were a little reluctant though because they're we were right on the City Dock and we thought and there's a lot of people right here but it by 10 o'clock it was quiet everybody was gone and it was needed to be right down in there take the dingy off and yeah we got that yeah go sightseeing and check out a bunch of stuff that was yeah it's cool so tomorrow um and I'm telling you ahead of time because you need to know we're going to be in New York we're going to be in Manhattan break down where they shoot the fireworks off the VC's fireworks so we're going to live stream that on July 4th so if you would like to tune in to see the fireworks downtown New York we uh we're really looking forward to it I think it would be really exciting kind of a once in a lifetime Adventure there got a couple friends flying in to enjoy it with us so that would be very cool yeah if you want to look on the map we're at 115 Marina and the Macy's fireworks are probably less than an eighth mile away I mean there's just a block away at the river so we um we're we're pretty excited about that so it should be a good time yeah yeah very good all right folks we will uh see you next time don't forget to like And subscribe

  Top Comments:
  1. @rgronback [1 likes]: ‘Sweet Buick’ 😂

- Top 5 Must Know Tips - Annapolis Boat Show 2024 - Ep 295 - Lady K Sailing: Kind: captions Language: en from parking to which boats to see to how to get screaming deals at the vendors I want you to have the best experience you can at the boat show I just got back from the Newport boat show my first time there and this year was my first time going to the Miami show and then the big one the best one of them all is coming up in a couple weeks the Annapolis fall show this week five tips for you to have a successful trip to the boat show [Music] this is specifically for anopolis because I've been there so many times now twice with my own boat but it applies basically everywhere tip number one order tickets online you can do this right now this is a lot like checking in at the airport before you arrive to get your boarding pass so you don't have to stand in line if you order the Annapolis boat show tickets from their website they'll give you your ticket immediately like right now they give you a PDF that you can save on your phone do that and then open the PDF on your phone and take a screenshot of it now you have your ticket in your camera roll and everyone knows how to open their camera roll right ordering the tickets online now means no lines when you get there every year I go to the Anapolis show and there are two lines at the Dock Street gate one line of confused people in a big mess trying to figure out what's going on and how to get in and one stream of people walking into the show the mess of people are the ones who need to buy tickets on the spot don't wait until the gate to buy them just go buy them on their website tip number two go early every year I don't have my boat anchored there I travel by car or by air and I only go to the show on the Friday it runs all weekend but Saturday is a total mess and so crowded I really don't have time to appreciate very many of the boats the Sunday the morning's okay but by afternoon half the vendors are sold out and packing up and leaving Friday is key all the vendors will be fully stocked and none of the stuff in the tents or on the boats will be exhausted or stressed out yet tip number three parking at the show it's always a nightmare but if you go on the Friday and show up early you will find a spot there are pay lots that pop up around the show like the one at the school in Eastport right here but I don't like to pay because I'm a cheap sailor I go down the little side roads in Eastport this neighborhood is a wealth of street parking a little restaurants boutiques I love Eastport seafood places Galore if you show up about 30 minutes before the show opens and go to Eastport and circle the blocks you'll find a spot to park for free I promise then it's a 10 or so minute walk over the bridge and if you're lucky you'll get there as the bridge opens to let traffic through that's super cool to watch show up around 9:00 a.m. on Friday morning at Park in Eastport Wander over the bridge to the Show entrance it opens at 10: but you'll be at the front of the line tip number four have a plan the boats at the show get crowded so quick you got to make a plan and really execute it the boat list for all the boats that will be at the show this year is right here check it over and figure out what's important to you the bigger and fancier boats turn into Hangouts for well-dressed marketing people so I usually avoid those boats alt together whichever the biggest and most glamorous cat is it'll be full of people the whole time look over this list and make a list of the top five boats you must see look at their location on the list because it gives you the Dock location and then pull up the show map that you can get right here find the boats on the map and as soon as you walk into the show on Friday morning beine it right to the biggest boat on your list the longest Loa the bigger boats get people on them the fastest get to that boat at 10:05 a.m. and spend 20 or 30 minutes on it then on to the next boat on your list and prioritize them this should assure that you get all five boats on your list before everyone else is on them and getting all crowded and it should basically get you to lunchtime lunch is readily available in a couple places the first and most popular choice is Pussers which is a restaurant that's sort of part of the show you can access it from inside the show up at the front but it'll be busy sometimes it's like a 30 minute wait for a table if you run your day early though you can beat the crowds have breakfast super early like 6:00 and 7:00 a.m. that way you'll be ready for lunch before noon if pusers isn't your flavor or it's too busy just leave the show and head for the roundabout this is completely surrounded by restaurants and a lot of outdoor dining if the weather is nice all of these places are pretty good and you'll have lots to choose from after lunch I usually hit the tents everyone else is still eating or just having their first painkiller oh a painkiller is Pusser's famous rum drink and they flow faster than the dollar bills at this boo you can have a level one two three or four painkiller and from memory they are delicious I don't drink anymore so I don't partake but if you do painkillers are like a write a passage at this show so I hit the tents and I look for boat show only deals a lot of these vendors do that you can find some Screaming cash deals here and there are a lot of startup small name companies you've never heard of just trying to get their first few customers so look around this is also a great place to chat with folks from like victron or battleborn about your electrical system questions every company sends representatives and they're usually pretty knowledable and play with all the chart plotters to see which one has the slowest processor I love doing this while the salesman watches I try to plot an 80 mile day up the coast of Florida and I watch the plotter lag right out after the tents I start to wander aimlessly in tour any boats I haven't seen yet tip number five water taxis and this is the most important one for many of us the best part of the show isn't the boat list or the vendors the best boats at the show aren't actually inside the show at all all they're in the water around the show you see this is the first stop on the post hurricane season cruising route most folks who have outfitted their boats with cool solar arrays and starlink dishes and dingy dbits are headed to the Caribbean and they're not allowed to leave us until November according to their insurance company so they're stuck on the East Coast waiting and what better and more protected place to wait than Anapolis so the harbor around the show gets jam-packed with all sorts of Li boards and cruising boats from every corner of the planet the best thing to do is find a boat to drive around in rent one borrow one whatever you can do tour up Spa Creek all the way to the top and then pop over to Back Creek the boat life in and around Annapolis right now is insane and it doesn't stop when the show closes for the day there are hundreds and hundreds of Cruisers just living their lives right outside the show if you can't get a boat go to the water taxi for the duration of the show there are several Water Taxis running around to take people from their anchored and mored boats to and from the show and the water taxis are happy to take sightseers just pay the small water taxi fee usually in cash so bring some small bills and jump on get comfortable and enjoy the ride as the taxi runs around varying people to and from the show most taxis also have a cooler on board and serve cold beer to the passengers for a nominal cash fee I'm serious you're missing the best part of the show if you don't go see all the boats that are out in the Anchorage they're the real stars of this whole shindig do you have any tips for the show leave them in the comments let's get the conversation going here and help more people enjoy the show the mission here at ladyk sailing has always been to get more people sailing more easily and I certainly couldn't do it without your help a big shout out to everyone helping with this Mission all the patrons if you'd like to help with the Mission please consider becoming a patron I'll be at the show of course on the Friday so stop and say hi I don't do the YouTube tent I just wander around but I'd love to meet you until next week friends keep the heavy side down but not too far down I love you guys

  Top Comments:
  1. @kenw6691 [4 likes]: Protip, If you're a veteran or military you can park at the Naval academy for free. It's usually never packed no matter what day it is!
  2. @ericborsoni9248 [3 likes]: Pussers is closing its doors… the decor is on auction in fact. 😢
Come by Valhalla Sailing…Veterans sailing organization.  You’ve definitely been instrumental in my new sailing journey!
  3. @SVMilesAweigh [2 likes]: This is our first year attending and we are so excited! We will be attending on Thursday, 10/10, for many of the reasons previously stated (not as crowded, etc) but our biggest reason is we are looking for our next boat. Hopefully, we find it here. We've been on a mooring ball for the past couple of weeks and will be staying through the boat show.
  4. @carolynsmith7806 [2 likes]: Thanks so much for this video and all the helpful comments!
  5. @SchmoopsAdventures [1 likes]: Do the YouTube tent next year. Cruisers Creating Content is a great family!
  6. @markkrajnik [1 likes]: There is a heavily discount boat sale in Florida right now around the big bend area.
  7. @Time2Chill-f1c [1 likes]: A few others have mentioned already, but parking at the navy stadium and taking the shuttle in is the way to go.
  8. @remthewanderer: Fyi: at the show this year the Pusser’s bartender told us they are closing. The hotel is putting in a different restaurant.
  9. @kevinodriscoll3904: This was a great guide.  I’ve been going to boat shows since I was a kid but the Annapolis show is special. One question I have is what happened to all the nice brochures and catalogues you could get for free at the boat show.  Now all you get is a postcard with an internet link.  With the prices of these yachts you would expect better marketing.  To be honest everything kind of looks the same on the web.  Even Charter companies for which I am a client did not have good marketing publications.  Why go back to them if there is such a poor effort, all you get is spam in your email inbox.  It’s easier to hit delete than to read it, because who has time to read the emails anyway?  BTW Annapolis has good public parking garages if you are willing to walk a few blocks, or leave your car at your hotel and Uber or walk.  😊
  10. @mrwrapper: There is a YouTube booth?  

What booth is that?
  11. @jetdr77: thanks for the tip will be  first time going to a boat show but can only do sunday hopefully there are still somethings worth seeing
  12. @Garfield.Farkle: Another tip is to sign up for the crew that sets up the show and breaks everything down afterward. 
Besides getting in the show free of charge, there is a big party for everyone on the crew at the end of the show that I am told tends to be epic.
Second, no trip to this area is complete without getting top-shelf crab cakes at a place like the Boatyard Bar & Grill or Eastport or the Edgewater Restaurant. They are not going to be cheap, but the value of the memory will make it a bargain.
For lunch, visitors also should get themselves a softshell crab sandwich.

Come on and move down here to sail the Bay, Tim!
  13. @Cheers_Warren: A lot of you tube patreon channel have show discounts
  14. @ptremblay5545: Thank you for all those tips!
We would like to go to the Anapolis spring show. Is it very different of the fall show?
  15. @SVAquaholic3: All great tips… My favorite restaurant is the Chart House and I take the water taxi that brings you right to their dock. Another tip,  would say it to book your accommodations at least 6 months or more.  One year, I ended up renting a sailboat for the weekend from a local resident, which was moored across the show and near the bridge.   Another attraction I did a few years ago was visit the Annapolis Naval Academy, which is easily walking distance.  Finally, parking, many local residents will let you part on their property for a reasonable fee. Last time, I paid $10 for the whole day and park on someone lawn….  BTW, many hotels that are outside Annapolis offer régulant shuttles back and forth to and from the show. So, you can leave your car at the hotel.
  16. @dand.6065: First timer to the show, driving from Moncton, NB. Been to the Miami boat show 3 times, but this is the one I’ve always wanted to go. Thanks for the tips Tim. Just retired and looking for a good Caribbean Cruiser-home, to check off my childhood dream! See you there!
  17. @expeditioncalypsowind: Yes , buying tickets at the gate is FUBAR !! If you have cash , OMG ! We did last year and what a hassle that was !!  Yes , Go before the wkend if possible !
PainKillers are famously originally from the famous cruiser hangout the "Soggy Bottom Bar" in the BVI , Pussers is very ordinary at best ( aka a tourist trap ) unfortunately  & soon out of biz , we always find FREE parking impossible so the best option ( so NOT to get expensively  towed !  Annapolis has strict confusing parking laws )  The BEST parking options for the Annapolis Boat Show is at the Naval Academy: 
Navy-Marine Corps Memorial Stadium
The easiest option is to park at the stadium and take a free shuttle to the show. Shuttles run from one hour before the show opens until one hour after it closes. Parking can be pre-purchased for $23 per day, or $46 for oversize vehicles. After pre-sale closes, parking can be purchased at the stadium gate for $25 or $50, but only with a credit card.
  18. @RichardSMaloney: I see gas and diesel engines but has anyone used electric motors?    With 3 400w solar panels.  A 400 watt wind power windmill and 3 or more deep cycle battery's to power the electric motor wouldn't that reduce chances of fire and over all expenses in maintenance for your power system??
  19. @user-gr6js2vb5l: Last year Pussers will exist. It will be closing for good shortly after the show.
  20. @flyingpigforge: First time sailboat (Mac26S for Midwest lakes… eventually Erie; Gulf; Keys) owner this summer. Going to Annapolis Waypoint for a 6 day ASA class that ends on the 8th. One day to knock around town and tickets for Thur & Fri.  What a blast! Thanks for the tips Tim and everyone.  Booked a hotel out by the interstate and figured to Uber/Lyft to the show, or is public transit worthwhile?

- Waypoints Annapolis - Cruise the Chesapeake Bay: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] waypoints annapolis is a charter company we're located in annapolis maryland and we offer opportunities for people who are sailors or non-sailors to go sailing around the beautiful chesapeake bay we make those charter getaways really easy for the client they'll come in on a friday night spend the night enjoy themselves and then the next morning they're up and off the docks on their way to st michael's rock hall galesville wherever it be the destination of their choice one of my favorite places is st michaels great place to go to from annapolis they have cafes they have art studio they have the maritime museum wonderful lovely place to go waypoints annapolis offers the experienced sailors an opportunity to come take advantage and really hone on their skills and enjoy life they can come to the base they can charter a boat whether it's a mauna hall or a catamaran or even a power boat and they can take it out on the bay and they can go by themselves or if they want to they can hire a skipper so they can just enjoy themselves a lot of our waypoints charter customers started out maybe with some of the big charter companies and had that more commercialized experience and now they're looking for more personal level of service working with people that become friends you know for life these people go back every year and really develop a personal relationship that goes goes on for years and i think that makes a difference and people i think are looking for more of those types of experiences with waypoints versus the more impersonal experience you may get with a big commercialized operation waypoints annapolis is all about having fun on the bay bachelorette parties bachelor parties birthdays whatever it is a family outing let me help you plan your vacation

- SAILING A CATAMARAN Newport to Annapolis Via NYC - A DREAM TRIP | Harbors Unknown Ep. 47: Kind: captions Language: en we were passing under the newport bridge for the last time for the foreseeable future taking with us sweet memories of friends new and old and experiences we'll treasure for a lifetime forging a new path ahead to the annapolis sailboat show where we'll share wanderlust with thousands of people and participate in the youtube sailing channel booth to connect with the sailing community but before the show we have quite a few boat projects to tackle and we're scheduled to haul the boat in just one week our autopilot did not arrive in newport as planned so we're hand steering and we'll stop each night to rest we plan to sail up long island sound to the east river through new york city then make our way down to the delaware bay and through the c canal to the chesapeake timing is tight so fingers crossed we'll make it in time i'm kristin this is fabio and this is our dog yoda we sold our home last year and moved aboard our sewen 1600 catamaran wanderlust over the past year we've sailed the waters of south florida the keys and the bahamas shaking down our new boat we're now setting off on our journey to harbors unknown exploring the world and connecting with people and places through the local cuisine subscribe now to join our voyage [Music] you're a lonely sailor and your soul is made hey won't you come is and you'll never find yourself in love you're wise enough we anchored off of truman beach near the eastern end of long island sound and took yoda ashore to run around a bit what we thought was a sand beach was actually white rocks and we left our shoes on board so we sat on a massive piece of driftwood enjoying the sunset while she ran around we were soon joined by a family that lived nearby and enjoyed chatting with them the next morning we resumed our journey and continued heading for new york city today we're making our way through new york city and we are so excited this is like a dream come true we're of course a bit anxious as well just because there's so many currents and you know expecting lots of boat traffic with barges but overall just super excited and we cannot wait to share this journey with you guys let me check that's the house gate bridge okay let's get ready so 1.6 knots of current behind us 16.95 yep now oh hal gate is a narrow tidal strait located in the east river in between queens and wards island at the center of a confluence of the new york upper bay long island sound and the hudson river via the harlem river it was originally named heligot or hell gate by the dutch explorer adrian block in 1614. since that time hundreds of ships have sunk in the narrow channel some historians believe that one in 50 ships trying to run the gauntlet of hell's gate was either damaged or sunk with up to 1 000 ships running aground annually in hell's gate prior to the 1850s during the late 19th century the us army corps of engineers began to blow up the rocks and reefs which plagued the treacherous tidal straight to make it a safer passage however currents can run up to six knots at times and tugs with barges under tow can suddenly appear around the sharp bends of the channel adding to that is the possibility of steep five-foot waves near the 59th street bridge due to the upwelling caused by the subway tunnels running under the river needless to say we planned our transit in accordance with the tides the empire state building look good girl new york city the city of dreams when i was in my late teens early 20s i was dying to live in new york city i wanted to work in fashion and in my mind there was no better place it represented freedom and of course the american dream the place where anyone could become someone in fact when fabio and i started dating i told him i was moving to new york so it wasn't anything serious the 20 year old version of myself was disappointed that i never experienced living in new york i didn't realize i was wearing blinders i didn't know what i didn't know and i wasn't thinking big enough i now recognize dreams are infinite without boundaries and life has become even better than i ever imagined in my wildest fantasies going under the brooklyn bridge unbelievable are you enjoying new york i am it's so beautiful i never thought i never actually even like i don't know dreamed of doing this it wasn't yeah yeah no i mean after seeing some other cruisers with videos of doing it through new york i was you know of course i wanted to do it but great this is the staten island ferry terminal it's beautiful the architecture here is just incredible oh yeah the statue of liberty an icon of freedom hope opportunity a symbol of welcome to millions of immigrants to this promised land over the past 10 years or so the world has not always viewed americans favorably when given the opportunity to travel to iran i joked i'll pretend i'm canadian but at this moment i have never been more proud to be american i feel so lucky to have been born in this country where freedom of speech and a person's liberty are notions that matter a place where hard work and diligence are rewarded with success more often than not more importantly opportunity is on the table hope for a better life and nothing is more powerful than that amazing wow the statue of liberty incredible this is just unbelievable going by the statue of liberty it's so emotional really we continued our journey south to atlantic highlands where we planned to anchor for the night a protected anchorage with a trail for running and walking nearby was just what we needed if you're enjoying this video give it a thumbs up leave us a comment down below and be sure to subscribe to our channel we waited out some weather the next day but left the anchorage early the following morning trying to hit our targeted arrival date once out in the ocean the waves were much larger than predicted and i was considering going back to wait for more favorable weather but our looming deadline weighed on my mind so i swallowed my fear and forged our way through the waves to atlantic city with the anchor set we settled in for the night so early the next morning we set off for cape may new jersey about 40 nautical miles away follow me out down to the bay gently some of the hardness we're so so blessed to have you anchor our hearts and give us it was finally a day with great sailing conditions 14 knots of wind on the beam the boat was so well balanced that fabio could steer with his foot we give you our mess we made our way through the channel to the coast guard anchorage we departed at sunrise headed to the cmd canal through delaware bay a body of water that no one looks forward to misty blue cargo ship after cargo ship and a nuclear power plant the only structure of note finally we approached the entrance to the cnd canal which in my mind was supposed to be larger to say not wanting to hand steer through the night we docked at shaffer's marina partway through the canal we were eager to head out on the last leg of our two week journey from matinicus island in may though we had been in the chesapeake for some miles the chesapeake bay bridge was the official signal we were finally in this storied body of water since may we sailed thousands of miles and visited places we had dreamed of for years we're not people who check places or experience off on a list but sailing back to new england where i was raised and throughout maine was a bucket list item for both of us we learned a lot about the places the boat and ourselves and were excited for the future as we were just scraping the surface of this enriching lifestyle thomas point lighthouse marked our turn into the south river towards edgewater where we would spend the next few weeks giving wanderlust some tender loving care before the annapolis sailboat show thanks for watching and we'll see you next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @magicworldbyjorg [2 likes]: ...a cool video keep up the great content.. Thank you…
  2. @Pires1954 [2 likes]: Again a top quality video with very nice music. And Fabio shows no stress sailing up river ! Congrats guys for your channel, very, very pleasant!
  3. @6800891 [2 likes]: I too find it so refreshing to hear someone speak favorably of our country.  Thank you for having the guts to do so.  It only enhances an already attractive, engaging presentation.   Fabio, I watched the Raiders game today and thought for a moment that you were moonlighting as an NFL head coach.
  4. @musicsavesxlives [1 likes]: Nice 👍 positive attitude is what Americans need right now! Enjoying learning about your boat! Hope autopilot works now!
  5. @elizabethculp12 [1 likes]: Truman beach is in my town. I’m so glad you had a nice time there. Southold, NY is a great place for boating.
  6. @paulbritton9926 [1 likes]: Great video and commentary along the way.  BTW, it was great meeting both of you at Annapolis.  I was the guy that bought the Balance and was on the 526 when you walked by.  Remember our deal: We are going to sail on each others' boats after I take delivery of mine next year!!
  7. @stephenmahoney9531 [1 likes]: 👍👍👍👍👍
  8. @stefanoamidei9144 [1 likes]: 💘
  9. @grahamtrembath4951 [1 likes]: Great vid! Sailing into NYC. WOW! A new bucket list item.
  10. @reelhappytravellers2691 [1 likes]: That was such a beautiful  video! I feel replenished. Great effort and boundless capture shared with us. Truely awesome.
  11. @petetjaarda5112 [1 likes]: 👍😎👍
  12. @nedwphillips2126 [1 likes]: WOW
  13. @blradcl [1 likes]: Got skills dealing with that traffic.
  14. @walterhiegel3020 [1 likes]: Loved the music and the sights.  Never considered seeing NYC on a boat what a treat.  Good Job not letting fear make decisions for you guys.
  15. @Building_Bluebird: Sailing through NYC has to be a thrill.
  16. @Building_Bluebird: I've watched so many sailing vlogs, and it seems that auto pilots are the worst equipment on most sailboats. Wind vanes seem far less troublesome by and large. It seems like the linear actuator and hydraulic auto pilot systems are under engineered... Breaking gears, connectors, etc frequently. I'm assuming you have found a much more reliable solution or solutions and spares.
  17. @shuzoskates: What a wonderful video again ! 
Magnificent view of NY ! 
Wonderful nature scenery with great compilation 
I was also became emotional at Kristin with Statue of Liberty 😂
Great movie! 
Thank you for sharing!
  18. @thecroftericmiller496: Looking forward to sailing Newport in Narragansett bay in six months on a chartered sailboat for one week.  If you have any advice or suggestions on towns, are places to visit, would greatly appreciate.
  19. @jppagano4879: What a terrific  journey and video!
  20. @gbsailing9436: Great episode yet again! Seriously though, I can NOT believe the issue you have had with B&G. SURELY it would not be that difficult to airfreight the part/chip of software to you since you ARE in the States!!!? What has it been 6 months now?!? This is not good enough by them! When I order my Seawind 1600 it won't be with B&G gear!!!

Keep up the videos please and I hope you had a great show. Fair winds to you both!

- Nantucket - A Film by Ric Burns: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] [Applause] it has always been one of the special places of the world a tiny windswept spit of land flung far out onto the surging currents of the North Atlantic 30 miles off the coast of Cape Cod a discarded scrap of sand and gravel an afterthought of the last ice age bequeathed by the retreating sheets of ice known to its original inhabitants who first plied it's shallow shoals thousands of years ago as Knut Tucket the faraway place perched precariously on the far edge of the New World close to the Gulf Stream and the continental shelf and the track of migrating whales it has always been a rich and dreaming place scoured by wind and wave hem drowned by treacherous shoals and washed by complex currents at once remote and beckoning insular and cosmopolitan worldly and homebound cut off from the mainland but connected to the rest of the world a place of comings and goings arrivals and departures of passages and transformations of vast ambitions bygone glories and vanished dreams haunted by history in time by memory and imagination and by the sea continuously inhabited by human beings since the sea first froze up around it 5000 years ago the island owes its distinctive poetry and character to the elemental natural and human forces that have shaped it to the epic forces of time and tide to the remarkable people who have come here and to the primal calling they made their own and that would come to define them few enterprises have so captured the imagination or so dominated the identity of an entire people long after it had passed from the scene the epic heyday of American whaling would remain a powerful presence on the tiny island of Nantucket whose extraordinary history remains as palpable to this day and as thrilling linear as the cry of seabirds and the smell of salt air and the thunder of the sea in the course of its long and eventful history the 14 mile long spit of land that Herman Melville called an elbow of sand all beach without a background and st. John to craft for a barren sand bank fertilized by whale oil only has been at one time or another the haunt of Wampanoag fishermen a refuge for persecuted Baptists and Quakers an unsuccessful sheep farm the greatest whaling capital in the world a center of enlightened thought an island ghost town and sea washed Brigadoon that time forgot a sleepy artists colony a thriving summer resort and a bellwether for the conservation and environmental movements an island of new beginnings what the poet and essayist Ralph Waldo Emerson called the nation of Nantucket said proudly apart from the restlessly striving Republic it is epitomized and so often pioneered Nantucket has been a microcosm of America for more than 350 years a magnet and a unique laboratory for some of the most powerful impulses animating the new world spiritual commercial and democratic a place of stark and subtle beauty of endurance and creativity and of continuous transformation and reinvention one of the very best ways to see the island is from the air where you can see the shoals and you can watch them move and you realize the entire environment this is dynamic there's nothing about it that's standing still everything that's being deposited one place is coming from somewhere else nann Tucker was formed by a glacier 20,000 years ago glaciers are conveyor belts for rocks so you end up with this huge pile of rocks and sand at the end of glacier called a terminal moraine and that's what we are on Nantucket we're just standing on 1200 feet of sand so the island itself is very shifty you know it's not gonna be here forever about nineteen thousand years ago the glacier started to retreat the ocean levels start rising six thousand years ago the ocean cuts Nantucket off from the mainland and that's when the magic begins the waves begin to sculpt the island into a gradually emerging Halfmoon shape and Nantucket is giving Beaton's constantly along the south shore by the waves you get those barrier beaches the beaches like none other where it's the ocean coming all the way from Portugal pounding against the sand and so Nantucket has always lived on borrowed time it was created by the sea in as little as four hundred years will be taken by the sea as a consequence it's truly a different kind of Island one of my Nantucket friends used to say if you can see the ocean the ocean could see you one thing the island makes clear is that nature bats last and it's far more powerful than we are if you look at the you are map the island is littered with these wonderfully evocative Native American names and those names in some ways are like those early Nantucket settlers names coffin Starbuck Gardiner Maya comets Consett pampas matica matica sham quays an endless array and we're surrounded by them they're in our systems I think it's important to imagine Wampanoag Nantucket as a thriving active place the populations were extremely healthy they had great food supplies they were living off the ocean they were living off of their surroundings essentially they were thriving and healthy people and they were also extremely welcoming to the Nantucket settlers hoping to rest a livelihood from the island sandy soil the first group of newcomers included a merchant and clothier named Thomas Macey and a lumber trader named Edward Starbuck they were joined by the sprawling families of Tristram coffin and Peter Folger and later by the gardener's the hussies the swains the joys and the chases in the centuries to come their names would be inextricably fused with the history of Nantucket and with the poetry of American whaling and commerce they are here to be farmers raise sheep but then quickly realized their limits to that and then they realized they're surrounded by whales in the winter they had to hire someone to ichabod paddock to teach them how to do it but they also had a native population the whompin augs who had been harvesting whales that had washed up on the shore for centuries and those were the ingredients that led to the blossoming of whaling on Nantucket this was the beginning of the Industrial Age and before petroleum the oil that was lubricating the machines lighting the urban centers of america and europe was whele and before there was Mobil Oil headquarters there was Nantucket and it was Nantucket sperm oil that was making the industrial revolution happen and providing the first global economic engine America would know the early settlers to Nantucket were not Quakers they were nonconformist Baptists other sects and sympathies and they had a Quaker conversion around 1702 with an itinerant minister who came here and a leader of the community Mary Starbuck God at she just got the sense of the inner light this empowerment of the inner light and the fact that the Spirit is living within everyone and then that very quickly came to match up with the whaling endeavor there's something about the Quaker religion that breeds a strength of community that the people in Nantucket were able to build upon they had a very good business sense they were very hard workers they had a cohesive social fabric at home so when the men went off the women kept the community running and stable there's a spirituality to it there is a sense of social cement in control and there's a sense of identity it's a spiritual endeavor it lent itself to a real religious sense of destiny you know Quakers with a vengeance as Melville would call them and I think this was a Quaker war when it came to the sperm whale and it was a little horrifying to see the enthusiasm and sort of his ruthlessness that nantucketers had when it came to whaling genuine as the Quakers egalitarian impulse was nothing about the inner light prevented ship owners from exploiting the local Native American population many of whom were forced to work off debts by providing labor in the Nantucket whale fishery nantucketers would not be able to count for long on their cheap supply of skilled local labor disease had already reduced the island's native population to just 358 when in 1763 an epidemic of yellow fever raged across the island before it was over only 136 whompin ogz remained and by 1800 the Native American presence on the island had been essentially eradicated forcing Quaker merchants to look elsewhere for cheap labor to African Americans free and slave to Native Americans from the mainland and to Portuguese Mariners already beginning to stream in from the other side of the Atlantic - man the Nantucket whale ships now pushing out across every ocean on the planet gradually they push it a little farther until they're now they're going out into the the Gulfstream and they go up almost to the Arctic Circle to the west coast of Africa down around Cape Horn into the great Pacific as they moved ever further out across the globe and tuck its whalemen found themselves increasingly at the forefront of a new era of global enterprise and circumnavigation when Benjamin Franklin on the eve of the revolution published the first map to chart and named the Gulfstream he based his breathtakingly precise projections on information he had obtained from his cousin Timothy Folger a veteran man Tucket whaling captain 18:20 Nantucket was poised to enter what would become its golden age where the entire Pacific would become its backyard this is a country poised to become what America would eventually become a world power and this was now a state-of-the-art industry I mean the ships we think of them as square-rigged quaint little crafts but these things were state-of-the-art decades in development they were not only the perfect factory ship for rendering the oil they could go anywhere they were magnificent exploration vessels and they lasted pretty darn long under horrible conditions and yet it was also a home for several dozen men for 3-4 years by the 1830s and 40s Nantucket was the whaling center of the world and it only lasted for a little more than a century but it's really what has determined so much of what Nantucket is today during Nantucket's heyday is a whaling capital the little world the Quakers created for themselves in the sea but become a crucible of social tolerance free thought and egalitarian belief and a beacon of serious intellectual inquiry and political debate in the summer of 1841 a 23 year old fugitive slave named Frederick Douglass delivered the first fiery speech of his meteoric career as an anti-slavery orator at the annual meeting of the Massachusetts anti-slavery society held on Nantucket at the Athenaeum his words struck home on the island with particular force and nowhere more so than in the district of New Guinea on the outskirts of town home to a thriving community of Cape Verdeans Missourians and free African Americans including Absalom Boston the first African American whalemen to Captain a whaleship in 1847 Ralph Waldo Emerson delivered a ringing series of lectures in the Great Hall to as would distinguished men and women of letters from across the country including Henry David Thoreau Horace Mann and Lucretia coffin Mott a nantucketer the really great thing about Quakerism on Nantucket is what it did to empower women so you have someone like Lucretia coffin Mott for example for whom the Quaker meeting becomes a kind of training ground for speaking up about the moral issues of the day from slavery to women's suffrage so it just empowered women in some remarkable ways to take leadership positions to be educated to assume roles in the community in a natural way that you didn't see on the mainland on a velvety black night in 1847 from the observatory her father had built for her on the roof of the Pacific National Bank on Main Street mariah mitchell made the discovery that would catapult her to world fame as one of the greatest astronomers of the 19th century we always showed to people the photograph of the moon where there is a little crater named after Mariah Mitchell and I always tell people this crater is the size of Nantucket shadows were already starting to fall on Nantucket's glory days as a whaling capital when in the summer of 1852 a 33 year old one-time whalemen and writer named Herman Melville set foot on the island for the first time a year after completing his soaring masterpiece Moby Dick one of the greatest works of literature ever written by an American inspired in large part by the island itself and the extraordinary enterprise that had flourished there so spectacularly with the landless gull that at sunset folds her wings and is rocked to sleep between billows so at nightfall the nantucketer out of sight of land furls his sails and lays him to his rest while under his very pillow rush herds of walruses and whales Herman Melville well a Nantucket's really two things there's a time when it's wailing capital of the world this was big business this was America's first global economy and this little island was the center of it they were sending out dozens upon dozens of ships around the world bringing back incredible wealth to the island sending out their whale oil to the industrial centers around the world and nantucketers were really showing America how it would one day become a world power and then it all blew up whaling began to decline for years the shallow sandbar at the mouth of Nantucket Harbor had proved an increasing impediment to whale ships as the voyages grew longer and the ships grew larger with ever deeper drafts when in 1846 the first of a series of devastating blows rained down upon the industry that had been the islands staff of life for a hundred and fifty years in 1846 the fire breaks out the great fire and destroys a third of Nantucket's town all of the waterfront they rebuilt very quickly but they could see the writing on the wall and so when gold was discovered in California a nantucketers evacuated the island virtually they took their whale ships crammed them full of 49ers sailed around the horn and literally abandoned the ships at the Golden Gate they're still finding whale ships when they build new skyscrapers in downtown San Francisco the real bottom of the whale oil market fell out in the late 1850s when they discovered petroleum in the hills of Pennsylvania that could be turned into a flood of cheap kerosene and almost overnight the whale oil industry went into steep decline 18:59 they discovered petroleum 1861 is the beginning of the Civil War and with the Civil War comes the loss of so many whale ships they were an easy target for the Confederate Raiders plus approximately 45 whale ships were sunk in the two-stone fleets off of Charleston and Savannah the war took a heartbreaking human toll too before it was over some 300 nantucketers had joined the Union Army and gone south 73 of them would never see home again and so the age of whaling on Nantucket faded away and passed into the realm of memory and myth and yet even as the island fell into a deep and dreaming sleep something extraordinary began to occur it's a fascinating period on Nantucket you have this incredible global industry that had just died and then you have basically a ghost town but out of that ghost town Springs this growing awareness about the history that had just passed and that was now slowly starting to fade so you have this great generation of nantucketers who are the children and grandchildren of the Wailers and they're surrounded by history they're surrounded by candle factories by paintings by scrimshaw and these things are in many cases literally in their attics and so they're thinking about the recent past and what do they do they form a Historical Association to preserve that they start to gather all these whaling logs and manuscripts they look into their recent history and genealogy and they start to really build a community out of the ashes of the old community by the dawn of the 20th century a remarkable transformation was underway one that would quicken as the century wore on as Nantucket errs began to reinvent and reimagine their Island redirecting energies that had once gone into whaling into preserving and celebrating its rich history and natural beauty repurposing along the way the islands incomparable historic infrastructure fisherman's shacks and scallop shanties that lined the weather dwarves on the waterfront were converted into artist studios or remodeled and rented to the steadily increasing number of summer visitors around town older houses and commercial properties that bore witness to the islands past were painstakingly rehabilitated and brought to life including an old candle factory at the foot of Broad Street where sperma Ceti oil from the head of sperm winds had once been processed into the brilliant smokeless candles prized by Thomas Jefferson and which now became the source of a different kind of light as the headquarters of Nantucket's Historical Association and the home of the whaling Museum the Gateway and anteroom to the wonders of the best-preserved seaport town in America the entire four century arc of the island stirring history is summarized and preserved and for eloquent structures maintained by the Nantucket Historical Association here at the top of Sunset Hill stands the oldest house the most prominent of the surviving structures from the island's 17th century settlement built in 1686 as a wedding gift to Jethro coffin and his bride Mary Gardiner on Prospect Street just one mile away stands the old mill the oldest working mill in America built in 1746 one of five that once stood like giant sentinels on the hills above the harbor a thrilling architectural monument to the age of agriculture and sail on Nantucket on the proudest stretch of Main Street stands the hadwin house a monumental Greek Revival mansion built by a whaling merchant in 1846 at the varies 'inna of Nantucket whaling might just before the downturn came and on a quiet Lane called Howard Street deceptively close to the center of town stands greater light an old livestock barn converted to an artist's alone in the 1920s by two eccentric Quaker sisters from Philadelphia Gertrude and Hannah Monahan who moved to the island on the eve of the crash and helped redefine the meaning of Nantucket's inner light for a new generation of nantucketers nantucket does transport you in a way you feel the past you feel a presence you feel like you're coming out of the sea looking around at the globe for the first time and not quite sure what to make of it and it's complex it's a hard to describe experience there's an energy it's it's unsettling but it can also be extremely exhilarating I think a lot of people come back to this island and try to feel that over and over that has something to do with the forces of an island 30 miles out to sea that has been the basis of things that are rich strange and that really foretell in many ways I think whatever the future will be and that's the great mystery we all have lurking you

  Top Comments:
  1. @larissa666x2 [7 likes]: I love hearing Robert Sean Leonard
  2. @fishes.francis [1 likes]: RSL MOMENT!!!!!!!!!
  3. @user-iv7pl2uo7q [1 likes]: Americans always find "spirituality" when there's a buck to be made
  4. @flyguy437: What's with the captions? Dont want them.
  5. @curtandoscar: Wonderful film, however a little surprised that what is left unsaid is that the island has long been the exclusive playground of the very wealthy (and their nannies and housekeepers), while those who serve them in restaurants and make the beds in hotels and airbnbs struggle to survive and have no hope of affording anything.
  6. @fredgarvin5381: Not as talked about was the relationship between Folger, Starbuck and Chase.  They brought the first boatload of coffee back and started their own coffee companies. Chase partnering with a fellow named Sanborn, Starbuck would sell his on a streetcorner to people passing by in buggies and Folger called the bits of Nantucket sand that infested each load "flavor crystals." Now you know.
  7. @BessieMann: My ancestor Horace Mann. A beautiful place
  8. @thomasbyg4795: and yet...it is a beautiful testament to the ebb and flow and the endurance of life.
  9. @thomasbyg4795: As mystic and beautiful as it seems, how can you distinguish this to be any less horrific than the massacre of the American buffalo?
  10. @octogirl2046: Not a lot to be proud about 😢
  11. @beatrizsepulveda9477: Necesito escuchar en español
  12. @ronrendon: As usual, gringo's come in, somehow deem the land theirs, tell the natives that they have to work off "debt," (which is laughable) the gringo's also bring with them lots of disease which all but wipes out the native population, thus, looking for CHEAP LABOR they begin importing more people of color. Now they bitch and moan there are TOO MANY PEOPLE OF COLOR LOL. America sure is a funny (aka: depressing) place. Especially if you're a person of color.
  13. @lindakay_redux: My descendancy from Gardiner goes all the way back to my 12th great grandfather,  before the line emigrated to Anerica. 

Henry Gardiner 
B:1500 England, England, United Kingdom
D:1564 Hertford, Hertfordshire, England, United Kingdom

My Cotton ancestry goes back to a 14th great grandfather 
John de Cotton (Sir) (Esquire)
B:04 Jun 1464 Coton, Cotton, Shropshire, England
D:8 May 1558 Coton, Cotton, Shropshire, England
  14. @ALiberalVeteran: I wonder if this guy is related to Ken Burns, the famous documentarian.
  15. @dogsareprecious4842: SO interesting!  Hope to visit someday!
  16. @MsWang22: I am from Denmark, just lean about Nantucket (from moby Dick i read)  its just wild, Nice to learn about tho. ❤
  17. @minigmac1: Superb video.
  18. @marthabonelli3093: Capt.Zeb and George Fred Tiltons in my Blood .Chemtrails kill.
  19. @latoshabatiste6423: ❤
  20. @elvenkind6072: There's a great film that is based on Nantucket whaling and Herman Melville's story about the white whale called "In The Heart Of The Sea", from 2015, from the same actor that play Thor in the Marvell movies. I think he did a better job in the latter films, and his accent sound a bit funny and "forced", but Brendan Gleeson does a good job of the tired old drinker that tells the tale to Melville.

"There's she blows!", I've tried several times to understand what it is they're saying when the hunt is over and the whale start spewing out blood from the blowhole, since I don't have subtitles for that movie. (Edit: Figured it out: "Chimney's afire!")

Perhaps some day I can visit Nantucket, I'm planning a "food pilgrimage" to USA before I die. A life time of Norwegian food, will make that an adventure, and I'll probably save money just by eating street food in USA a few weeks instead of going to the grocery store at home.

- Life Aboard a Whaleship at the Nantucket Whaling Museum: Kind: captions Language: en good morning and welcome to the whaling museum this is multilingual day and this presentation is being presented in English and American Sign Language and with me is Diana Graves who will be signing the whole presentation before we go on our trip today I want you to think about this this little island that we're on no more than 50 square miles of sand 30 mil out to sea for over a 100 years was the Wailing capital of the world our whole economy for a hundred years was based on one single thing wailing so how' that happen well the English came in 1659 and what they had hoped to do was gray sheep and raise crops for cash if you spend any time on our Island it's nice and flat perfect for grazing we're surrounded by water so there's no way the sheep can get off the island we have no Predators that's why there's thousands of rabbit and deer but we're missing one thing running water even though we have some 60 ponds so there's no way to process wool as for farming lots of sandy soil but not good enough to support an economy built on agriculture when the English came there would been 3,000 wogs living here and the English went to the wogs and the wogs told them about a technique they were using called Drift wailing essentially what you did is wait till a diseased or dead whale drifted in and the showed them how to render the blubber how to use parts of the whale for weapons for tools on the upper right hand side of the screen that little Dome that's a w and that was the home of the wogs and we suspect they probably Ed whalebone to hold it up so now the English said well you know maybe this is the business we're going to go into this drift whaling and this is the whale they were after one of the nicest gentlest whales that you can name it's skims along the surface it's a bailing whale it eats little urchins and shrimp unfortunately though it isn't dying out unless we do something about it and they called it the right whale simply it was the right whale to catch so the English said you know maybe this is what we're going to do we're going to go into this drift whaling now the wamp and ogs told them that during the winter the whales were on the south and east side of the island a man stays up on a tower looking for the dead or disease whale when he sees it he comes running down five other men are around the Hut and the fire since it's winter the six of them pile into a boat go out bring back the whale bring it into town and process it so now we've got a real nice business built around that right whale except something happened one of our captains about 1712 got caught way out to sea far than he had ever been and he came across the whale this wasn't the friendly right whale this was a huge snubnose whale 60 70 80 tons of whale a fighting whale that could dive thousands of feet into the water what had he found one of the greatest creatures on this planet the giant sperm whale and when they investigated this whale they found out it had some very special properties in that head cavity alone is 300 to 500 gallons of the purest sperti oil so pure that it needs almost no refining but its most important characteristic is it's the only whale oil does not does not solidify in cold weather so for the the first time we could have street lights around the world and it made what Jefferson called the perfect candle Not only was the spermac cetti candle the brightest in candles in fact if you know the measure of light called candle power it's based on the spermaceti candle they were smokeless dripless odorless a huge advancement over animal fat or Tallow candles and the nantucketers sold them for millions and millions of dollars all over the world so now the nantucketers say those right whales were okay but we can see where the money was except there's one other little problem sperm blubber goes rancid in 6 weeks so you could only go up the coast a little or down the coast before you had to come back to Nantucket to process the oil so what they do in the 1700s they invented the triworks a wood burning fire in the middle of a wooden ship so now the trips could start to go up to Canada they could come down to Bermuda they then in time went to South America and up to the Arctic then the nantucketers realized as early as 1791 that there was huge PODS of sperm whales in the Pacific Ocean so they went around Cape Horn so the trips that at the beginning would have been three and four months by the the end were three and four years and we have records of trips that were 8 and 11 years all in pursuit of the sperm whale on our journey today we are going aboard the Edward carry and we're going with Captain Perry Winslow and on this trip Captain Winslow decided to take his wife and young child it was the privilege of a captain to be able to take his family with him we have the journals of these women that went out for three or four years they raised their children aboard a whaleship and in fact on this specific trip Mrs Winslow had a second child also aboard our ship is a young Whaler by the name of Joseph Ray and we're lucky enough to have his journal of this trip to tell us what it was about he ass signed on to be a harpooner on one of our whaleboats and he joins what Melville called the mly crew these would be Quakers wogs Escape slaves convicts people from the azors the cape Verity Islands Africa Asia South America and it's 1854 and the Edward kry is setting sail on this trip Captain Winslow decided to go around Africa into the Pacific Ocean young Joseph and the rest of the crew will be in the folkal in the bow of the ship it's a 16x 16t area 20 men will eat down there sleep down there do their carving down there there are animals there are insects there are bugs and there's only one hole that goes up to the deck to give them any air or light this is another entry from Joseph's Journal of this trip meanwhile though Captain Winslow his family are in the turn to the ship in what would be considered Deluxe accommodations they might have a cook to prepare their meals a steward to serve them and they would have real Furniture such as a bed to sleep in and probably a sofa and an easy chair during the day the men will practice furling and unfurling of the sails they'll be sharpening the tools needed for wailing they'll be coiling the ropes for the the harpoons and most importantly each man will be assigned to a team of five other men and all day long they will practice raising and lowering of the whaleboats and Rowing back and forth and back and forth so they are ready once the whales have been spotted now each man this is a drawing of Joseph's Journal again of the ships leaving the harbor each man will take a turn up in the Crow's Nest 100 ft in the air there would be two of them up there at the same time each with their spy glass is responsible for scanning 18 180° of the ocean and what they're looking for is the single blo hole of the sperm whale so Joseph's up there he's got his spy glass he sees a pot of whales is it the whales we want it sure is now Joseph is 100t NE air he has to let the rest of the crew down below know that he has spotted a whale and what do we think he yells who knows yeah young man she blow that's right th she blows she blows and he has to keep yelling it until from down below they yell back where at where at so he can give them the coordinates now Joseph is going to come running down to join his team you will notice the last thing they do before getting into this whaleboat is take off their shoes whales and especially sperm whales have very sensitive hearing they were wearing heavy leather shoes and this is a wooden boat so what we have to do is sneak up on the whale so it does not know we are coming to kill it let's take a look at our whaleboat this is a New Bedford w whaleboat built in 1900 we do not think that a Nantucket whaleboat survives the difference is it has a hole for a mast in the sail the New Bedford Whalers preferred to sail the dead whale back to the mother ship the nantucketers thought why not just row it up in the bow is going to be the harpooner and there's a cutout up there to help him steady himself he's got two harpoons the first to get into the whale the second one with any luck at all to also get into the whale to give him a firmer grasp each of those harpoons is connected to a rope that runs the length of our whaleboat around this logger head and each Feeds out of a tub of 1800 ft of coiled rope now unlike what you see in the movies harpoons are heavy they weigh at least six or seven perhaps even 8 lbs to use it properly you have to l Al be right on top of the whale to get those harpoons in in the stern of our boat is going to be a mate an officer someone who is giving the orders and steering the boat and then there would be two rowers on each side and if you look afterwards even the oral loocks are padded so we make absolutely no noise so what we're going to do now is ever so quiet quietly sneak up on the whale and we call it Wood meaning the boat to black leather meaning the whale so Joseph's going to get that first Harpoon ready again he has to be right on top of the whale to use it as soon as he gets that one in he's going to get the second one ready and with any luck we're going to get that one in and we've caught ourselves a whale is the whale dead no it's blubber at least 12 in thick but the whale knows something happened it'd be like if you got a mosquito bite or a beasting or something it doesn't feel right you know something happened but you're not sure now the whale has two choices it can sound or go down but it usually does that for food what you're counting on is the whale taking the other choice the only problem with that one is you're connected to it by two harpoons of 1,800 ft the whale can travel a minimum of 10 to 15 miles an hour many of those men could not swim so if you fell out of the boat you drowned you had to bucket the water out of the whaleboat so it didn't sink and you had to keep the ropes to the harpoons wet and you're going to ride around the ocean for however many hours it takes until that whale tires out one three five or more who knows what we call it anybody The Nantucket slay ride now ultimately the whale is going to tire out and an interesting thing is going to take place in the middle of the ocean that officer or mate is going to trade PL es with the harpooner because of his rank he is given the honor of the kill but there's a second more important reason remember the whale had that other choice which was to sound or go down up in the starbo side of our whaleboat is a hatchet should the whale go down that person has the authority to cut the lines to save the men in the boat the feeling being there's always going to be another whale coming around then bat mate or officer is going to take the tool of his trade the Lance longer very pliable he again has to be right on top of the whale to use it and if you look up at our sperm whale right behind this flipper is where his vital organs are he's going to take that Lance he's going to go at that poor whale until blood comes out of the spout we there's a chimney fire and we back off as fast as possible because in its death flurry the whale could come up underneath the the boat and topis this is a drawing from Joseph's Journal of several whales with chimney fires now we have in our hands about a 60 ton dead sperm whale it's a mammal like we are so it floats when it's dead we are going to put a rope around it and we're going to tow it back to wherever the mother ship is now hopefully the mother ship has tried to stay within sight but given the sleigh ride the boats could be scattered all over the ocean the fastest that we can row towing a 60 ton dead sperm whale is 1 mile an hour this was not work for weak men we're going to get the whale to the mother ship and put down a fansing platform you you will notice the man have cleats on the bottoms of their shoes the whale has been bleeding there are sharks in the water we can't afford to lose a man we're going to put a giant hook into the nose of the whale and dangle him off the starboard side and cut what are called blanket pieces we're going to peel the blubber on that whale like an apple core does in a circular fashion each of those blanket pieces would be 3 to 4T wide 15 15 to 20 ft long a foot thick and weigh upwards of 2,000 lb we're going to use block and tackle to bring them aboard the ship and then we're going to use mincing and dicing tools to cut them into smaller and smaller pieces now as the smaller pieces were cut the blubber tended to Flap open the Quaker men were very religious and when they saw the flapped open blubber it reminded them of the Bible so they call those B leavs the next thing we're going to do is bring up the head cavity of the whale that's where that pacetti oil is now hopefully the head cavity is big enough we can get our buckets in and get it nice and dry but sometimes it's a small head cavity so what we're going to do is pick the smallest member of the crew perhaps you young man over there and we're going to tell you to take off your clothes and we're going to give you a bucket and we're going to sink you into the head cavity of the whale and you get to stay in there until it's nice and dry doesn't that sound like fun yeah you can't wait right the next thing we're going to do is look in the intestine of the whale for this commodity which is literally worth as much as gold if you look at our sperm whale he's one of the few whales that has teeth but only on the bottom of his jaw and he doesn't use them for chewing he uses them for grabbing and his lunch of preference is the giant squid and he Dives down thousands of feet looking for that giant squid and attempts to grab it and swallow it it is so far down in the ocean that nobody has ever witnessed it but sperm whales have been found with suction marks so we know a battle of some type took place now as our whale is digesting that giant squid sometimes the beak can pen penetrate his intestine our whale actually has the capability to put a covering around that beak to protect himself and we're looking for this commodity in his intestine it's known as Amber or Amber gree anybody what know what it's used for perfume it is the fix it in for very fine perfume and considered very lucky if we find it the next thing we're going to do is put wood underneath the tripods to render the rest of the blubber as we've been rendering pieces of skin pieces of teeth are going to come up to the surface we're going to take a giant skimming device kind of a great big version of something you might have in your kitchen and we are going to skim off that residue and and now we no longer need to put wood underneath the tripods we're going to feed it that residue so essentially the poor whale is now cooking itself these are the ghostly images that you would see as we go around the clock rendering all of that blubber and putting it into casks and barrels the last thing we're going to do is bring up the Jawbone of the whale and cut it into pieces and we're going to give each member of the crew a piece of Jawbone a tooth or both and in their free time because it could be weeks between sightings of whales they will take the teeth and using either shark skin or a file smooth it and carve into it a design a picture of a loved one this was never intended to be an art form this was literally busy work between Queen whales anybody know what we call it scrimshaw not sure where the name comes from but if you haven't been upstairs to the second floor just a small part of the collection of scrimshaw that's been given to the Nantucket historical Association over the last 130 years is on display now the captain has been busy he has taken his whale stamp and in his log has recorded every whale that they have got coton and how many barrels and casks of oil have come from each when he's confident that that ship can hold no more oil he's going to give the command to raise the red Homeward Bound flag one of the first things they're going to do is blow up the bricks of the triworks after two or three or four years the bricks are brittle if we're going home around Cape Horn which is what Captain Winslow decided to do we want no extra weight so 4 years later the Edward carry returns to Nantucket and in the middle of the 1800s that was about standard for a oiling Journey the oil will be downloaded onto the docks and sold immediately off the top the owners and backers will take their cut of the profits we then have to figure out how much each member of the crew got now Whalers did not receive a salary in the sense that we know salaries they worked on a system called Lei La Y and it was based on your your knowledge and experience the more knowledge and experience you had the bigger percentage of the profits you could bargain for at the beginning but you only got paid at the end of The Journey so young man for your efforts you were able to get one400 or $69 for 4 years I hope you feel pretty rich okay up the scale to the captain who got over $1,800 for the same four years as for our friend young Joseph he had a really good career as a whaler out of New Bedford as well as Nan Tucket unfortunately in his mid-30s he tripped on a rope aboard a whale ship fell overboard and drowned as for the Edward carry it made several more trips up until 1864 when the Confederate Navy in the Pacific Ocean gathered together three or four whale ships and burn them all down because what they wanted to do was impact the oil reserves of the North during the war between the states so by the middle of the 1800s whaling started to die on N tuck it and it was helped along with several factors first of all our Harbor periodically fills with sand it did in the 1800s the holes of the ships were so deep they could not get over the sand bars so many of the captains said hey we'll go someplace else like New Bedford or Cape Cod and by this time New Bedford was on the rail line so it was much easier to move the oil into the country VIA Rail rather then by ship then the Great Fire of 1846 burned a third of the town in Nantucket down including the whole Warf area then the Gold Rush many of the nantucketers jump ship in California by this time the trip for at least four years they said hey guys you know you go looking for those whales I'll take my chances looking for goals and then 18659 something happened in bille Pennsylvania Oil in the ground and then the last blow is the Civil War some 400 Brave nantucketers went to war about 70 of them perished after the war those that were left on the mainland if they wanted to wail might have gone to New Bedford or Cape Cod New Bedford wailed right up until the 1920s or maybe they just got another career so by the middle of the 1800s wailing was pretty much dead on Nantucket we sat out here on our little island thinking boy there's got to be something you know what do you do on a little island like this and when we started to look around because we were so poor and didn't tear anything down we had the largest intact Seaport in America and that's when we started thinking on a lovely day like this would all of you come out and visit us and you do and we really appreciate it because you're all part of our new economy that we base on tourism so that's our trip for today and I'm happy to answer any questions you might have for

  Top Comments:
  1. @aubydauby [24 likes]: I have never been so enthralled by a YouTube video in my LIFE
  2. @rohantower [7 likes]: I started reading Moby Dick last month, and being on page 370 I am just in complete wonder at this whole whaling thing. This is such an informative video, the man talking is clearly an expert and has delivered this talk many times, yet it hasn't become dull for him at all. No wonder! This is just captivating.
  3. @brgman7 [2 likes]: What a great teacher and I could understand every word - thank you
  4. @chrisduffy2737 [2 likes]: I found the signing lady obtrusive and unnecessary.
  5. @ccouellette271 [1 likes]: Not sure if this is monitored, but after harpooning the whale and being dragged across the sea for hours, how did the whaling boats find the mother ship? I imagine a whale is faster than a large ship, especially later in trips where the weight of the oil from prior hunts weighs the mothership down.
  6. @manuelalfaro7824 [1 likes]: Just Finished reading Moby Dick! such a nice video of the lives of the brave fishermen!
  7. @generegan2899 [1 likes]: Fishing still remains one of the deadliest jobs today because when you fall off, you can drown. THAT was more crucial to being barefoot aboard the whaling rowboat than silent walking.
  8. @tuomas_ [1 likes]: I am here after just finishing Moby Dick
  9. @UmbilicaLashed: Watch In The Heart of the Sea with Brendan Gleeson and Tom Holland. Great flick about the whaling industry and how Herman Melville created his Moby Dick masterpiece. The true story was even more terrifying...
  10. @adamw8469: We had a Whaling museum in Sharon, Massachusetts, The Kendall Whaling Museum.  It’s closed now and I believe the exhibits were moved to New Bedford.
  11. @NatePatton-u4h: A mosquito bite or a bee sting? Yeah... Okay. Way to try and minimize a harpoon being stuck through you...😮
  12. @nateweter4012: Wonderful. Absolutely wonderful. I learned a lot.
  13. @gardenscunge: Outstanding
  14. @mrbigwhitenoser2907: I couldn't help but picture the band Motley Crue on board the ship when the tour guide said that about them being called a Motley crew. Also it would be funny if the sign language interpreter lady farted and she sign interpreted it.
  15. @BasalaWaZeytoun: reading Moby Dick sent me into a whaling rabbithole 😶
  16. @samsuyarjafar9966: Who else coming here because of Moby Dick?
  17. @flyguy437: I hate captions. They are a distraction.
  18. @WhitneyDahlin: Reading Moby Dick right now so I watched this to get some context! And hopefully understand the book better.
  19. @johnwahannah2385: You haven't mentioned the Westindies!
  20. @kentcarlisle5660: Fascinating and balanced video... My son and I enjoyed it very much 🤠🐋🐳

- Partiers on Nantucket Yacht ‘had been making adult films’ before doc’s arrest: report: Kind: captions Language: en foreign [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @matttaylor817 [5 likes]: Let this dude have his fun. He's on death row already
  2. @blueballsbkueballs [4 likes]: This man need to be saved
  3. @tomcassidy2525 [3 likes]: if this yacht is rockin ... dont bother knocking
  4. @Lyno-u7x [3 likes]: Going out with a bang, so to speak.
  5. @ganjacat8408 [2 likes]: LET HIM GO HE DID NOTHING
NOTHING
NOTHING
WRONG
  6. @jimjr6919 [2 likes]: The SS Mino⚓!!! Where do I sign up for a 3 hour tour?? Maybe we'll get stuck on a Island???
  7. @truthwarrior2727: I’ll tell you what really happened most likely someone went into a Khole and freaked out and thought they were dying because of you mix those two high and low together a weird experience occurs that guy needs Christ not that!
  8. @sjs928: TERMINAL CANCER.... couldnt have happened to a nicer guy

- NANTUCKET - Old Whaling Capital of the WORLD!: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] we're back on the move just let go the morning line here in Edgartown we're on our way hitting a bit more east to Nantucket next stop probably about maybe five hours away something like that so the wind calmed down for us we should have a nice smooth ride hopefully we'll see I like this little town we got Nantucket right behind us pretty smooth trip it is glassy calm right now but most of the way over here was just a little bit messy seas from the wind we had yesterday and this morning just kind of confused little waves that rock those around just a little bit not bad we saw a ton of fairies going back and forth in and out of Nantucket here high speed cat fairies and a big slow car ferry we even seen some private planes flying overhead looking like they're going into Nantucket's Friday today so a lot of people will probably just showing up for the weekend getting a little chilly out just about there we're in Nantucket Harbor right now it's completely empty there's only a few boats on board we were gonna try to anchor but-- come find exactly where we're allowed to anchor we thought we were allowed as exposed to the eve we're supposed to get a strong east wind tomorrow and we couldn't contact the harbor master or the mooring company anyone really so we just picked up the free mooring and we're gonna see what happened to probably run into people running the moorings here on our way it's a little chilly but beautiful day there's a search it's a shark research ship they do a lot of great white shark shark tagging and stuff off the coast of the Northeast here where you can track the Sharks what's it called I think is it goes in called shark tracker I think it's a tracker but they have Mary Kate and Mary Kate comes up here then goes off the coast of Jupiter than good so right over here in the corner that's where I had to uh docked up for like a week while I was visiting here on her shakedown trip like four years ago she's just trying to find a dinghy dock here we stopped in the Nantucket whaling museum which was absolutely awesome because we loved maritime history Nantucket was considered the wellin capital of the world and became a wealthy community because of it the whaleship Essex from the famous novel Moby Dick used Nantucket as its home port between whale hunts ships would depart from Nantucket and be away for years at a time to traveling all around the world in search of whales for their blubber sperm whales were the most desirable type of whale because it contains sperma Ceti which can be made into candles and other waxy products after its valuable oil is pressed out of it soon after its prime Nantucket begins slow down as the world's greatest whaling port due to nearby New Bedford taking its place with its deeper and easier to access harbor and mainland location Nantucket fell into an economic depression and had to reinvent itself more than once into what it is today an artists colony and affluent summer vacation island we just got done at the whaling Museum got some barbecue for lunch all the way up at head of the harbour and probably two miles away maybe three miles whitney bumpy even in the harbor here we're all the way up here we're gonna anchor the boat somewhere and try to go to the ocean and see if we can find these seals it's way way different up here it's like all like natural area wood some dune sandbars and like no houses up here and on the way up you can see all the houses kind of lining the shores and there are some questions and Kurt as close as we could to where we think the seals are now we got to kind of cut across the beach like two miles up seals are they rent jeeps and people out four-wheel drive can get over here by Jeep or four-wheel drive all right well there's a lighthouse way out there and we have to go like over to that side of that piece of land and that's where I think the seals are but it's already six o'clock and it's getting dark pretty early now this time of year so I'm not sure if it's gonna happen today we'll see on the seagull search today yeah it's already getting dark so we're heading back to the boat we got a long ways to go and lo the boat to get back to the big boat and the the channel is like really zig zaggy and little tiny day mark buoys so hopefully it doesn't get too dark on us all right we'll try again tomorrow hey guys thanks for watching as always we just want to let you guys know that we are releasing our next batch of limited edition t-shirts check that this design kind of represents our journey on our way up here with our whole engine problems both breaking down po-po us spend money yep unfortunately we figured it's something that everyone can pretty much relate to yeah especially everyone who has boat and everyone who watches our channel and saw that whole trip and yeah if you guys like this design you want to help support our channel you can check out the link in the description it's limited edition so same as last time you only have 14 days to buy we will see you guys next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @mattwhite9398 [1 likes]: I see Settlers of Catan!
  2. @spicat16 [1 likes]: New dog?
  3. @blueeyedsailor92 [1 likes]: What is your next stop? Any chance you're going to cruise through Buzzards Bay? Make a stop over in New Bedford harbor and I'll buy dinner!
  4. @C0NVICK1: Noice
  5. @Mars_Life_and_Beings: The steamship museum in Fall River, MA is real good. https://battleshipcove.org/maritime-museum/
  6. @pollywogA1: You know, I would be doing the exact same thing if it weren't that I get wicked seasick.
  7. @ernestdougherty3162: Good video all y'all and I've had that app since they came out with it ocearch global shark tracker
  8. @1werewolf: Billy you are a lucky man, but maybe not. You probably earned it. Being able to spend so much time on,in, or near the ocean truly is a blessing. Trust me when I say I bet most people would love to be where you are. I spent Almost 5 years in the US Coast  guard, and wish I had stayed a lot longer. Thought I was missing something on land, but nothing special really happens on land. I am sure living on a boat can get costly, but imo pro's outweigh the con's. Sierra is also a blessing, and Jetty They are cute as buttons.
  9. @Borders-N-Beyond: Just subscribed, you two are really good to watch guys..... sorry i should say you three
  10. @private1750: What about some warm leggings like Sierra was wearing with your logo on them to match the hoodie?
  11. @haydensmith3402: PHD marine biologist. 100T mastaer capt'n. want to know the thesis?!!!!???
  12. @abbygale420guin2: How old r jetty and marlin?
  13. @MrRourk: I know you said Catamaran but what is one more hull?   Steal this before I do!   http://m.sailboatlistings.com/view/68645
  14. @lmichael5034: Just ordered round 2 of shirts - love the videos. safe travels
  15. @herenow4317: Hello I have first hoodie and its great, I order second hoodie with new design, im sure it will be fine....however, next round will you do hoodie with front face zipper? or too much added cost and hassle, thanks enjoy the videos...go jetty
  16. @GI-AUS: Something fun to do for you guys: pull into Bristol RI and goi sail one of these UFO's made there by Fulcrum Speedworks: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eHzweBRE3vQ&ab_channel=DavidClark
  17. @JCAJCA3: Nice video. GOD bless. JC
  18. @svvaliant2939: It looks beautiful there! Thanks for sharing with us!
  19. @49dodgeguy: And again !!!!!   Once more I caught your video just before leaving for work on a Monday morning ,,,,,thank you,,,,thank you,,,,it will now be a great day,,,,I so enjoy your adventures,,,,,take care guys,,,,
  20. @zzzxxzzz4797: Thanks for sharing 😎

- The Ottisons:  A True Nantucket Story: Kind: captions Language: en foreign [Music] stepping on to this property is like stepping back in time the otisons myself my brother and my father built all these structures has been all constructed basically of Salvage wreckage from the shores and Nantucket we did the best we could with what we had we were approached way back what were we going to do with the property developers started knocking on our door they could make us very wealthy and we weren't about to leave the house we created the land we created that was never going to be in our lifetime we want to protect Nantucket because it's a really special place we've seen the best in Nantucket it's sad to see how much it's changed I think the old Nantucket is long gone my name is Susan Chase odesson I am a 10th Generation native nantucketer my name is Carl otisin and I'm a fourth generation native nantucketer we've been married 43 years oh hell no [Laughter] we're friends before we were born Carl and I were classmates forever and wasn't until our 10th class reunion we got together he says you go and I said yeah I guess I gotta go and he says so we went together figured there'd be no place to park if everybody took their own car so 196 1968 Parkin was not a real problem around here then growing up on Nantucket as a child was very easy to do foreign it was such a quiet place well growing up here was only 3 000 people you just had small groups of people that you hung out with we rode our bicycles we went places and picked berries and fishing and we may do it what we had and what we could grow in the garden growing his houses in the 1940s the property looked a lot different than what it does today farming was a way of life dairy cows horses Grayson in the meadow our family owned approximately 100 acres in which today covers from the rotary to Fairgrounds Road right to The Creeks the property we are on to today this property is very spectacular all the birds and wildlife it's crazy I mean it's just there's something out there all the time to watch Mother Nature just is a show in itself it's always changing it's always changing what's that um pink flower right there so is that uh where are you looking honey Lalo my mom and dad were married in 1940. my father was Albert k odeson my dad was a carpenter Builder very skilled woodworker he would make furniture homes boats so I would see him do those things I wanted to do those things and I spent the rest of my life trying to catch up to his skills which was no easy task yeah every aspect of building a house is something we did as a combined family effort my family is always taken a lot of pride in recycling materials and wood don't waste anything The Artisan family have always been into early recyclable stuff it's amazing how Mr otisin bad just would pick up a piece of wood and he would make a whirly gig he made his own nails when he built his boat I mean to me that's amazing the beam in the kitchen is the Mast from a ship that foundered off of Tucker Nook so we brought Jacks and rollers and we got it up so we could move it and push it down to the water's edge because it was a long ways from the water and we got it to float and we towed it back to madiquette and put it on a big trailer brought it home we did our own plow Moon we did our own design work and assembling it makes no difference whether it was a boat or a building or what have you The Sawmill on the property is something I put together from just mechanical pieces I had laying around I guess I always knew I wanted to build a sawmill it's the only family owned and operated Sawmill on the island people know that we like to have wood well sometimes they want to patch up a fence or a shot they don't want to put brand new boards up they want it to blend in where I guess the recycling unit for the island I mean we have a lot of very fussy customers and they don't want just everything brand new all the time so they come here this is our firewood supply for the coming winter Albert and I my brother here he uh we we run both our homes on on firewood furnaces all you need is a handful of newspaper and a match it's easy there's no cleanup you just use it step out and you're through solar hot water heater Outdoors for outside showers that's yourself box painted black with some black two inch holes in it heats the water up and I pushed the hot water out with cold water so the cold water is pushing the hot water into my shower stove we were doing these things before people become energy conscious it's a way of life on Nantucket when I graduated out of high school I didn't know what I was going to do with myself and I fell into a position of making Nantucket light chip baskets with somebody and he retired and I kept on doing it I've been doing it for 54 years it's fascinating I love working with my hands when Carl and I got married we created a workshop downstairs in the lower half of the house and we have a little retail area and and people would come and see actually baskets being made and the finished products were there and it became a in full-fledged business for us and everything is made right here from scratch in all the years that we've been doing we didn't never elaborate on who we're making baskets for so I finally kind of said from the White House on down and so I leave it at that I still make a few baskets for people that have had an order with me I'm trying to clean it up because I am retiring I don't put too much in here because the crows come and eat it so all right we're going to the pond well when I moved in back in 78 the bachelor pad that long ago yeah it was just a field of poison ivy and wild roses and I got itchy to get something going and preserve and open it up Susan expanded the lawn by about 900 percent when we first started I mean I had to go get books on what were the wildflowers growing here and my thought was to plant amongst the natural wildflowers that are already here some of the large willow trees on the east side of the lot I got the cuttings from damaged trees The Willows at the Harbor House had a we had a big storm and there were broken branches everywhere so Sue and I were riding around and I jumped out and I threw in a bunch of the branches that the crews hadn't picked up yet and I brought them home and stuck them in the ground various places around the lot they're down there now and they're they're probably over 30 feet tall they're 42 year old trees it would help to start it was the apple trees we wanted to get to those apple trees and see what else was around in the in the property Sue decided that we would get married under the one of the one of the closer apple trees so we made a path down to that and that was the beginning of paths this apple tree is at least 100 years old but this is the tree that we got married under in 1979 and we had just planted this rhododendron which was teeny weeny and it's huge now the early things that caught my interest in my wife was she invites me to dinner one night and she's cooking roast beef she put together a wonderful little dinner for the two of us and but she cooked that roast beef in a toaster oven with very minimal kitchen facilities she pulled that off flawlessly and I said to myself this is a very capable woman I worked on Yuzu Tommy of course he happened to come with a very beautiful home and a very beautiful view So I Married it we were approached way back in 2000 what were we going to do with the property we have no children so what are we going to do with this and and we hadn't really thought about it and this gentleman had some other partners and they were going to go in together and buy the whole eight Acres that we had they offered a surprise and right and we got that got us thinking wait a minute that's not the kind of thing we want to do we want to leave it for everybody not see it chopped up or hotel down along the road we just decided that we lived here for the rest of our natural lives and uh in the end it can go back to the people of Nantucket leaving this property in their hands it's going to show a lifestyle that we lived over there will bring a little joy to people like it has brought to us the otisin family

  Top Comments:
  1. @JS-bl3sg [2 likes]: Stories like this give me such joy. To maintain and keep land the way it was meant to be is such a gift to the world. Thank you for sharing your life and story with us.
  2. @donnaallgaier-lamberti3933 [2 likes]: So thankful that your priority is to protect the land in Nantucket. I respect that so much!
  3. @yvonnerahmes9618 [2 likes]: So amazing, so lush, so wonderful to find this short film of Nantucket and this bit of real history with real people, places and things...  Marvelous!!!
  4. @RJ1234-d1s [1 likes]: Such a wonderful humans. Warm, hardworking and so generous. We need more of them on this Earth.
  5. @MichaelMoher [1 likes]: Refreshing.
  6. @karinschild9020 [1 likes]: Yayy, a wonderful story! From a small island in the Pacific to one in the Atlantic; how similar we are in essense
  7. @thomastuorto9929: Beautiful property & very fortunate own it. I agree. All water front or near water property is overbuilt. Make you rich! I doubt it. Maybe your bank account but not your life.
  8. @eftsoulpath333: Great video but please lower the volume...what YouTube videographers need to realize is that some of us have hearing that goes right to the music and we cant hear the words...thank you...
  9. @viviannedonnelly233: The Ottisons' story was an inspiring breath of fresh air!
  10. @deelynn8611: Beautiful.
  11. @brianmark3049: Beautiful family.I love Nantucket! Ive lived on Cape Cod most of my life(dont want to live anywhere else).Im 67 now and like taking in the 4 seasons:face-blue-smiling:
  12. @anand_cochin: what a lie- a Native Nantucketer cannot be white!
  13. @carolfillman: I love. This well done thank you gor sharribg
  14. @allencurtis2280: An awesome story with awesome people.
  15. @stephaniegriffiths251: Wow, This was worth finding
  16. @maurawhelan3530: My former in laws are from the cape. So much history…what a great story…10th generation Nantucketer! Very cool. Wonder if they have any Native American blood…what a great story. Too beautiful an area to be developed. How uplifting…thank you.
  17. @peterl.kellner779: Superb!
  18. @michaelgillespie502: They have wealth beyond belief in their beautiful property and home!! OMG what more could you ask for or want? Not me, I love and respect them
  19. @LilyGazou: Too bad. I wish there was someone who would love it and not turn it into the “land banks” of the Hamptons.
  20. @joannmay-anthony1076: Are yinz Norwegian? My uncle was and spelled his name Otteson and he lived in Wisconsin.

- Yacht Parties in Marina del Rey: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] fantasy experience is all about our team of staff that are here dedicated to take care of all of your needs we celebrate all of life's special moments from doing one-year-old birthdays bar and Bob Mitzvah ketta High School proms anniversaries weddings corporate parties corporate anniversaries it's really about every special moment in your life that's a lasting memory we get to be a part of that having an event on board one of our fantasy Yachts is a special occasion because of the beautiful plaed Waters of Marina del re we have the nice cooling breezes the sea lions splashing the seagulls in the background it's just a great place to be the Yachts here at Fantasy are very special because each one is a customized yacht they're wonderful Veron they're exceptionally comfortable they're really the best in the charter industry each part is really different so one of the fun things we do in terms of customizing the event is using our yacht kind of as a blank plant so we'll work with the client where you'd like the guest to sit where we'll do the ceremony how we'd like the the flow of the event what guests can experience coming to Fantasy is the true quality and comfort of having everything that you've dreamed of realized all in one setting it's always smooth sailing at Fantasy Yachts we welcome you aboard

- Corporate Yacht Charters in Marina del Rey: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Here at Fantasy Yachts, it's not just about celebrating social events. We do a lot of corporate events from doing a dockside meeting to a sunset cruise, your cocktail reception, or a formal dinner. We're here to take care of all of your corporate needs. We understand how important every little detail is to make sure your event is perfect. We do a lot of corporate parties and it's really one of our specialties. Corporations are tired of renting a restaurant, a hotel, boring their guests. Here, it's the yacht's all yours. So, from a company's perspective, you can do a meeting in one level, then do a beautiful cocktail party afterwards. The yachts here at Fantasy are very special because each one is a customized yacht. They're wonderful to run. They're exceptionally comfortable, exceptionally well equipped. They're really the best in the charter industry. Silicon Beach is right near us. We do a lot of high-tech companies. Pia Vista, Santa Monica, Venice. Uh we're also very near the airport, Beverly Hills, downtown. So geographically, we're very well situated. This is the experience you don't want to miss. You know, this is the experience that those that didn't get to the meeting are going to hear about it and miss out. What guests can experience coming to Fantasy is the true quality and comfort of having everything that you've dreamed of realized all in one setting. It's always smooth sailing at Fantasy Yachts. We welcome you aboard.

- Marina Del Ray Luxury Yacht Adventure | LA Travel Guide: Kind: captions Language: en hey guys what's up welcome back to my channel and today i'm going out on a boat ride i'd love to share this event or adventure with you so let's go thank you for joining me [Music] i'm going on a boat ride another awesome adventure while keeping safe and socially distant i'm going to go for a boat ride in a yacht find me and let's have some fun welcome to marina del rey where you can find beers outdoor adventures beaches and it's a luxury experience join me as we explore marina del rey all right boat is sailing oh and there's the captain oh wait wait i gotta flip the camera i can't do it that quick i love so it was a bumpy ride we finally got to a point of settling down back to smoother waters visitors comes to marina del rey for the california sunshine and the laid-back california vibe but also you can spend the night at luxury hotels along marina del rey and eat at nice restaurants and if you want to do activities there's sailing sports fishing parasailing and kayaking or if you want to just take it easy and relax there's dinner cruises and gondola rides or even book a yacht like we did for this trip while cruising around there's so many beautiful yachts beautiful boats they're all unique they have special names and colors but check this one out this one was huge it had two boats in the front on top of the yacht a helicopter i believe there was two jet skis in the back as well that was a really nice yacht okay so yeah we're now kind of slowing down where a bunch of other boats are just chilling people are on top partying drinking their drinks and enjoying time together i took stuff out from the others to come out to the front and taken the beautiful weather and the fresh air there's a captain up there nice vibe out here back fun fact marina del rey translates from the spanish as harbor of the king here's a little glimpse of what the full inside of the yacht looks like a nice sized kitchen and there is a bed back here along with the restroom to my right it's a pretty good size and you can book any size yacht that you want there's so many different choices but this is the one that we chose here all right time to head out now but this was such an awesome adventure once again uh reunion with more peppers you know he's a yacht so that was the yacht company thank you lovely day lovely day all right it was a lovely day our boat ride is complete we are back to dock and marina del rey going to our cars now but here's to another awesome adventure in california

  Top Comments:
  1. @jacquelinestevens5745 [2 likes]: Good morning Bree, me and your momma was from the same village, hope you have a great day
  2. @DrHarrietBaayeh [1 likes]: You are sooo beautiful and have such a vibrant aura! That looks like a lot of fun!
  3. @davidcage3: 😍😍😍
  4. @escstudios2068: Hey Bree how ya doin
  5. @Vesper007_: Is beer alowwed ? Or do they provide any food and drinks
  6. @SignedByAissatou: Looks so amazing. I don’t know why I’m torturing myself by watching this 😂 I need to travel ASAP!
  7. @Dangerusdiva: This is such a perfect thing to do during quarantine! My friends and I had fun in Newport Beach on a yacht.. so relaxing to be on the water and take great pics while soaking up the sun!🌞 💖
  8. @susandiaries: The weather was so beautiful and the yacht looked amazing!! Imagine having one of your own 🙌🏼 such a experience!
  9. @starfaceorganics1379: That wluls be so much fun for a bday even though indont know how to swim haha

- Yacht Weddings in Marina del Rey: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] someone were to ask me about the fantasy experience I would say that from inception to completion it is offering quality care and assurance that we're going to be there to hold your hand each step of the way from the moment you walk in the door we're here to take care of you as soon as you walk in we sit down we talk about your vision for your special day and we make it happen really think from A to Z in the wedding World we've been a part of every from bustling dresses to receiving text messages at 2:00 in the morning to answering questions about colors that I've never seen before packing gifts up at the end of the night cutting wedding cakes a lot of our staff have also gotten married on our Yachts so they can really experience for themselves what it's like to to enjoy a fantasy experience uh and that really helps them come wedding day for someone else they really appreciate what a wedding aboard is like and most of our staff at this point have been with us 15 20 25 years some of the nicest clients come back to us year after year with different friends that were looking at getting married which is really a true statement of how we really delivered a day that they can only imagine before

- New Windelo 54 Yachting - Heading to Annapolis !: Kind: captions Language: en Ocean Future [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @Shagggypanda [7 likes]: Huge fan of this boat, would love to be an owner someday!
  2. @ddddd1666 [1 likes]: Beautifull !!!!
  3. @malcolmwalley2036: I wonder if you have the weight penalty. Or benefit, of the serial hybrid vs thermal system. With thanks for your informative content.
  4. @dennisaston3551: Thanks to the owner for bringing it to the show.  I fell in love with the design there in Annapolis and its one of my top 3 cats.
  5. @chiennanyang1: Beautiful boat! Hope one day I'll own one. Btw, when the owner buys the boat and have no experience, will you train the owner on basic sailing/navigation or s/he need to resort to other means?
  6. @JustCatamarans: Can’t wait to see you there!🤩
  7. @Drucio1: What are the rest of the nicknames given to the crew? hahaha I Just saw Ahab, and Picard haha awesome.
  8. @jean-luc6880: La voile de devant c’est un gennaker ou un code D
  9. @michaelraft8714: Good timing on your part. I haven’t made my decision yet, and am still considering purchasing a Windelo. 
M.R
Pennsylvania
  10. @mikewalker1081: sweet, can a couple handle the boat themselves or does this require at least 3-4 folks?

- Annapolis couple studies ocean pollution while sailing around the world: Kind: captions Language: en well so many Marylanders have the luxury of living off the Chesapeake Bay but our next guest Matthew Rutherford actually lives on the water and works on the water and researches the water tell us about the ocean research project Maggie so the ocean research project was created in 2012 and we mostly focus on the issue of plastic trash in our oceans and we do some other stuff here in the bay and and also globally but our big focus for the last two years we've done 16,000 miles of a plastics research in the middle of the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans and you do find a lot I mean so so there is no such thing as an island of garbage in the ocean which is an important thing for people to understand if there was an island of garbage in the ocean it would be all right we know where it is let's just go clean it up right the problem is it's this this is what happens when you drag a net that is two feet wide for ten miles in the middle of the Atlantic there are literally thousands of pieces of plastic within this is it one time use plastic and this is so half of the plastic trash in the ocean comes from one time use plastic so you walk into a 7-eleven you get yourself a cup of coffee you stir it with that little black stir stick you will use that stir stick for five seconds of your life but even after you're dead that stir stick will still be on this planet so we are using materials for one time use that can be here for hundreds of years and the reason for that is it's cheap and convenient and that's really the bottom line for why we use these materials and you said it's also harming the fish well the problem is there are pollutants within these plastics there's carcinogenic speio peas PCBs fire retardants so the fish eat these little pieces it looks like little fish food almost they absorb these chemicals into their tissue the big fish eat a lot a little fish we eat the big fish we end up absorbing our own pollutants and carcinogenic through this problem anal we already had mercury you remember that thing with fish and now we got to worry about cancer-causing agents that we get through this process so it it affects the ocean affects the birds and it ultimately affects us tell me about your next big project where are you going get something big coming up so we in about a month we're heading up to the Arctic we're gonna do some plastics research up there because none has ever been done so i'll be really interesting to see what we do find in this really desolate environment though we'll also be working with the smithsonian do an ocean acidification reefs search and we're working with NASA looking at salinity levels and this means we're trying to figure out how much fresh water is melting from the glaciers and how that affects the salt water in the region so we're doing a wide variety of research so it's got to be fulfilling work i mean what point in your life did you decide that this is what you want to do so in 2011 I left the Chesapeake Bay and I sailed around the Americas non-stop single-handed so I spent three hundred and nine days alone at sea and sail 27,000 77 miles nonstop on a boat so small I couldn't even stand up in it without hitting my head and so I'm the only person in history who's pulled it off so I came back from this trip I got the sailing bug you know I'm never gonna stop sailing so I decided I should do this in a way that's gonna give back to the ocean and a sailboat makes for a very good low-cost research platform and you know technologies are are increasing they're getting smaller research equipments getting smaller less power-hungry we can do research from a sailboat today you could have never done 15 years ago so just imagine in the note 15 years what we're gonna be capable of so would you say that you're raising awareness or empowering people to cut do something about it yeah so we are usually shoot footage journeys these uh these expeditions we're making an educational base documentary we work with the Anne Arundel County school system we talked with little middle school kids we're doing our trip and we have high school interns we try to work as much as possible with the schools and plant the seed while they're young no middle school kids is such a great age you know for uh for teaching them about this issue so we do try to try to help teach people about this can people track here yes there's a tracking device ocean research project org if you go to the website you can follow follow on our expedition it'll be about a 100-day 8,000 mile expedition to the Arctic will sail north until we physically cannot sail north anymore till the ice stops us math you're up for thanks for coming in thanks for having me hey if you want to read much more about his adventure and how they're trying to change the world head to our website abc2 news.com slash change thanks for coming in you

- Dreamy DOWNWIND SAILING + the Power of the CHESAPEAKE BAY Oyster | Harbors Unknown Ep. 49: Kind: captions Language: en this week we're casting the lines from liberty marina and the sailaway catamaran fam to begin our journey south to florida we enjoyed an amazing downwind sail to solomon's island but before parting on our journey south we visited the annapolis maritime museum to learn more about the history of the chesapeake bay and its role as the lifeblood of the ecosystem where annapolis has developed it was eye-opening and has made us even more aware of our impact on the environment and how important it is to tread lightly i'm kristin this is fabio and this is our dog yoda we sold our home last year and moved aboard our sewen 1600 catamaran wanderlust over the past year we've sailed the waters of south florida the keys and the bahamas shaking down our new boat we're now setting off on our journey to harbors unknown exploring the world and connecting with people and places through the local cuisine subscribe now to join our voyage annapolis situated on the chesapeake bay at the mouth of the southern river 25 miles south of baltimore and about 30 miles east of washington dc it has been the capital of maryland since 1694 and was temporarily the u.s national capital from 1783 to 84. where at the state house that still stands george washington resigned his commission as commander of the continental army home to prosperous merchants and lawmakers including four signers of the declaration of independence annapolis grew primarily as a shipbuilding and commercial port annapolis changed slowly over time from a working man's commercial port to the recreational port it is today we wanted to learn more about the connection between the annapolis community and the chesapeake bay so we paid a visit to the annapolis maritime museum where hank mortimer showed us the exhibits and shared his vast knowledge of the area annapolis is located in the 64 000 square mile chesapeake bay watershed encompassing six states maryland virginia west virginia delaware pennsylvania and new york but what is a watershed a watershed is a land area that channels rainfall and snow melt to creeks streams and rivers and eventually to outflow points such as reservoirs bays and the ocean the appalachian mountains over here that run north and south when it rains all the water on the eastern side of the mountains flows east the headwaters of the susquehanna river are in cooperstown new york and the susquehanna flows down here and into the chesapeake bay up near haverty grace and if you throw a bottle cap in the water in cooperstown new york a few days later you may find it in annapolis [Music] so when they when the people got here what did they do they wanted to plant crops so they had to cut down trees they came by boat they needed more boats what did they do they cut down more trees and make more boats so it evolved over time nobody was really looking at the overall situations about 100 years ago the light bulb started to go on or maybe more than 100 years ago when people realized the oyster population was declined the oyster population they finally figured out was a key resource in the bay that contributed to its health or contributed to its lack of health two important things about the water the clarity one three inch oyster will filter approximately 40 gallons of water a day so if there are thousands and thousands and thousands of oysters scientists estimated that when john smith was here that the oysters could filter the entire chesapeake bay 18 trillion gallons of water every three to four days wow what sunlight does is it helps underwater grasses sav submerged aquatic vegetation to grow the good thing about it is the sav provides hiding spot for little critters and creatures that also live in the looks and crannies of an oyster green the sea grass absorbs carbon dioxide and gives off oxygen so it's another positive thing to make the water healthy so sunlight can penetrate and that tank over there sunlight cannot penetrate today that's what it looks like wow one percent of the remaining oysters look at this you know it might take a lot more than a year we fished out all but one percent of the oysters we have 18 million people on the land everybody flushes the toilet takes a shower digs a hole to build a house drives on the highway you have all the cities and the population and agriculture around when it rains it all goes into the phosphorus and sediment are the major polluting elements mankind has brought all of those to the chesapeake bay the cages sort of represent the harvest of the oysters and the periods shortly after the civil war had been good harvesting up until that point but after the civil war there was great demand for a cheap protein healthy food that was there for the taking as we went through the years you see the oyster populations flying last year my understanding is they harvested about three hundred thousand god and the year before that was really only about 150 000. one of the things the chesapeake bay foundation did was it got an agreement with the six surrounding states in the watershed to improve the pollution situation that was going into the bay they all met an agreement it was pretty much of a non-binding agreement they were going to reduce phosphorus nitrogen and erosion moisture farming then comes into play uh folks in new england are a few years ahead of us as far as raising oysters the shells are now recycled up until about 70 years ago they didn't know what to do with the shells all these shells here they should have been put back in the bag where the dredges dredged oysters up on the bay there's mud on the bottom moisture won't grow on the mud and stand the hard surface today what they do is they collect the used shells and put them in recycling bins and eventually they make their way back out into the bay oyster farming is still a small percentage of the oyster production but it will grow over time and the beauty of it is that the farm-raised oysters are raised near the surface of the water rather than on the bottom and on the bottom you have the silt and other chemicals and things that come off the land that settles down there with them farm-raised oysters are near the top and are generally cleaner less of a problem as far as disease the good news is progress a huge thank you to the annapolis maritime museum for allowing us to film and to hank mortimer for sharing his time in vast knowledge after we filmed this the worst flooding in two decades plagued annapolis and devastated the annapolis maritime museum on friday october 29th if you would like to donate to the museum's flood repair and restoration fund we'll include a link in the description below so you may do so the time had come for us to start our journey south towards florida so we untied the lines and pushed off the dock at liberty marina in edgewater maryland our first stop was solomon's island about 50 nautical miles south but first we had to fuel up if you're enjoying this video give it a thumbs up leave us a comment down below and be sure to subscribe for more sailing adventures foreign to the dog and you're gonna tie the skirt perfect eventually oh ready although it hurts me so now we're gonna jump no [Applause] we left edgewater maryland on the south river just kind of across from annapolis today we left this morning about 11 o'clock we are starting our voyage back down to south florida we are planning to make a few stops along the way and our first stop is actually today we'll stop at solomon's island it's about a 50 nautical mile sail and we've got wind from behind us really just kind of off our stern and it's ranging anywhere from 16 knots true to i saw a gust up to 28 knots but so for apparent wind we've got you know 12 to 20 knots and we're averaging kind of like 65 70 percent percent of the wind speed for our boat speed so it's really super pleasant sunny puffy white puffy clouds i mean we really couldn't ask for better weather tomorrow we're probably going to hop down to norfolk or hampton news and then friday we have to wait wait out a storm that's coming through there's forecasted gusts up to 50 knots so we wouldn't be nice and protected for now we're just gonna enjoy this beautiful sail the further we move on from all those yesterdays happiness gets nearer the light that we see closing in so fast ahead it's hope it's getting clearer the more i think of all the tough times we survived the more it makes me smile if nothing's we got our new autopilot ram at the annapolis boat show and fabio was able to install it so we are using it on this trip and it seems to be working it's making some funny noises so we've recorded it and we're going to send it off to bng just to make sure that everything is okie dokie but we took everything out of the locker so i figured i'd show you guys what's going on in here as we made our way down the chesapeake we've jived back and forth across the bay okay is show show me just a beautiful downwind sail trying to squeeze it downwind quite the little setup going on here with the cliffs of solomon's island in sight we stowed the sails and motored towards our anchorage under the magnificent sunset tell me what it's like because without you by my side i would be stuck here on the ground you're lighting up the way i can see the road ahead of me i won't be stumbling in the dark your eyes are shining like the stars i was down until you saved me until you set me free thanks for watching and we'll see you next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @ElGringoLoco [4 likes]: What's with the bandages on Fabio's right hand? 
Have a safe trip South.
  2. @dimabrinza [3 likes]: Great episode !!
  3. @bayanicustodio3998 [2 likes]: Always enjoyable watching you two sailing. Do you guys close the access door to the rudder when underway? 👍🙂
  4. @darrellpugh6689 [2 likes]: very calming sail            Thank You         Fair Winds   😎
  5. @northstar32v8 [2 likes]: Kristin :
   You hava a wonderful, natural, easy to listen to, relaxing voice for narration.
Ken Burns-ish. 
    I would have thought that Fabio, with his sailing and cooking experience would become the major personality on your channel ..... BUT, you are a force to be reckoned with  - I look forward to you becoming an experiened and respected Blue Water sailor, and apparently Fabio is prepared to let you shine
  6. @nedwphillips2126 [2 likes]: Awesome Video, loved how your boat 'powered up' as your sails went up!!!! sad about the floods too
  7. @johneubank237 [1 likes]: 👍👍
  8. @Peter_Herrman [1 likes]: Beautiful sail. Glad the autopilot is working again, as I'm sure you are! At least I hope it's still working...
  9. @nordlawkram [1 likes]: Cool sail, looks like you have repaired your auto pilot!
  10. @marktaylor484 [1 likes]: Fascininating Museum with fantastic visual aids' to tell the history and what a knowledgeable gentlemen.
  11. @DaveHines1 [1 likes]: Interesting info about Chesapeake bay , shame about the flooding , but it shows how powerful the forces of nature are, and that we must go with the flow so to speak. 😃🍻🥂
  12. @amedaius8492: Sailing downwind for me is a mixed emotion. Yeah its really serene and beautiful, but I sail on a lake on a sailboat that really struggles to point. I know every mile downwind will be like 4 miles beating upwind.

- A Boater's Guide: Visiting Newport Harbor at Newport Beach by Boat: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hello friends i'm sitting anchored in the beautiful newport harbor which is the inland water of newport beach california this is episode two of a boater's guide um a small series where i document and explain what guest boaters can expect when arriving to different places and we're going to talk through the various options you have if you're traveling through or visiting newport harbor in newport beach in a boat my experiences and what there is to know so let's get into it okay so i kind of decided on a whim at catalina island that i was going to come to newport beach i hadn't had cell phone service in a couple days so i wasn't able to like heavily research all the options uh as a guest coming to newport by boat and the main thing i was going off of was navionics the navionics app on my ipad um it's a great resource in many aspects uh people put reviews of places there's general information um at some point someone went and entered like all of the pilot chart information on a lot of descriptions for harbors all over the place so this is all i had to go by coming into newport and um the thing i i saw then there's a lot happening there's a ton of marinas there's a ton of docks there's like a lot of stuff that happens a lot of options in newport beach newport harbor so what i found was like and from what i could understand on here is you come up the channel just to starboard there's a dock that says newport beach municipal guest dock so i thought okay well that's the guest dog which it is it is but um so that's where i went when i came in and i had remembered a friend staying here years ago staying in a mooring field and saying it was pretty affordable and uh so i came in went to the guest doc it's like right at the harbor harbor patrol department building right next to the coast guard building and there's a coast guard cutter out front there's a guest dock you tie up to there's signs that say guest services and everything so i tied up went up to the building and um went inside and a um a sheriff's deputy was behind the window and uh got all my nests here necessary information it's the same thing you need for visiting kind of any guest slip in california you need proof of current insurance you need your documentation proof of documentation papers or cf like state registration and a driver's license so i gave the officer that and uh he said it was twenty dollars a night for a mooring and then it's forty dollars a night for their guest slips um i just was like i just need a mooring i don't need i don't need to be on a slip especially for the price difference so he assigned me a mooring i paid the fee and they give you a key to the restroom and shower which is right there in the building um and uh off we went to find our mooring ball and he pointed out he's like okay there's like this yellow power boat that's tied up on the just before you get to the one that's assigned to you so i went over there much to my surprise which it's not a surprise to people in most of the world but in southern california most of the mooring in southern california has like an antenna a fiberglass antenna and it has two points it has like the the bow and then it has a sand line that goes to the stern that's how everything is in catalina most places here in southern california have that sort of mooring setup so when i pulled up the mooring ball i discovered that there was just the rusted metal ring like there is in much of the world but it did catch me by surprise because i was like oh wow like i was not prepared for this because i thought it was like every other mooring ball out here so i quickly got a dock line and kind of like did a belly flop and um got it through the mooring through the ring and um got tied up i'll show you guys a little bit of footage from when that had just happened and talk you through what i did there i don't know if that was caught on video but basically i just belly flopped over the dinghy and caught it now i got to get it set right that was a very stressful experience solo my main concern was that there was like a headwind which is better than a tailwind but i just crept up on it like and was basically came to a complete stop and was able to reach down and grab it um but man oh man yeah i'm i'm glad i had my dock line all set up for landing at the sheriff's place um because i just figured that they would have some kind of like pendant that you grab this is also a single tie there's no sand line so you swing around as the tides change and the winds new experiences i hope this helps you guys so after i got tied off and secured and the boat was all safe and secure i went ahead and rigged up a secondary uh mooring line with a actual mooring clip like metal clip that i had and then slacked the initial one so that there was no chafing on that initial mooring line and um that held great through the whole thing the one thing i will say is like it seems like and i found out after the fact those are like the county mooring balls all the other boats on those mooring balls were like impounded yachts so it was kind of a grim environment that made me rather uncomfortable like every boat was kind of like either impounded or dilapidated and um yeah and also the first night the wind kind of tore down the channel and i was told that later on that like some sometimes those mooring balls aren't even usable because if there's a heavy surge tearing down the channel then um you can't even stay on those balls so had i known that stuff i don't know that i would have stayed there i guess for the price it just depends it was fairly close to public like a public dingy duck the main reason i picked up a mooring instead of going to the anchorage which we'll talk about later is that i was having trouble with my outboard at catalina because i had bad fuel it turned out just to be bad fuel but i was concerned about getting to a fuel station so i wanted to be on a mooring where i didn't have to worry about the boat while i went and dealt with my dingy situation here i don't know that i would stay on those mornings again because they were not it was not necessarily it wasn't like a terrible stay but it wasn't very nice and um i didn't i did not like the location it was a little exposed and also it was just i don't know with all the like sort of like impounded boats around i felt a little unsure about the safety of my vessel at night so i kept everything completely locked down when i wasn't on the boat because i didn't know even though it was near to the sheriff's station and the coast guard station so yeah it wasn't wasn't crazy about that mooring field i stayed there for four nights i think at 29 dollars a night and like i said you can stay on the sli on the guest slips which have um shore power and all that stuff and um and the showers are like they're not they're not they weren't dirty they were just very minimal uh kind of concrete almost look like jail cell showers but it had hot water they were worked perfectly fine so let's talk about the second option and the better option for visiting newport harbor they have two anchorages inside newport harbor you can stay out for free the second one is brand new and i found out about it while i was on the mooring ball from a friend of mine on instagram i'm gonna read his info to thank him um brent jacobson he is the uh battalion chief for newport life fire operations and uh we're friends on instagram we've communicated quite a bit he's also a sailor when he saw my boat was over on the county mooring balls he messaged me and i told him i was like oh yeah i'm moving to the anchorage in on such and such day and he was like there's a brand new anchorage at the end of the turning basin and he sent me like a like a screen grab of google maps where he had drawn a circle showing me where this new anchorage was and he said it was marked just like the other anchorage and everything and that he said it was a much better option because it was kind of out of the mix of all the chaos with the racing and the like the sailing schools and and there's just a lot of traffic in the the original anchorage me instead he took a little adventure came over checked it out sure enough there's this beautiful big anchorage in this quiet corner way back up in the turning basin and um so thanks so much brent for that because oh what a dream that's where we're sitting right now is in that anchorage it is heaven this anchorage is awesome the um it's definitely one of the most surreal places i've ever anchored because we're right in the middle of city it's completely calm last night the winds were blowing or yesterday afternoon the winds were blowing about 12 knots got to enjoy all the the sailboat racing they were tearing up the channel burying the rails rounded the mark right off our stern there's very little traffic on this end other than like there's a lot of rental duffy's but they don't really make wakes so yeah and the really cool thing about this spot versus the mooring balls is it's a five-minute dinghy ride to a dinghy public dinghy dock that is a block from west marine and starbucks with wi-fi and like tons of food and shopping everything you can imagine so this anchorage like if you're looking to be out of the mix and out of the chaos somewhere quiet where you have access to a marine store and food and everything this is the anchorage for you and this anchorage is so new it's not on any of the charts yet it's not even on the harbor department website it's it's so fresh i don't even know when it was made but it is very new and there's a dinghy dock just around the corner which isn't on any of the charts either um it's not even on this chart so this is like a tourist map this is like a tourist map that i got from when i uh rented the mooring ball and it has little blue marks everywhere that there's a public dinghy duck and they are you can identify them by these little shapes um i can't remember what the shapes are called but these like blue and white striped funny shapes on the tops of all the probably thingy dogs some of those were listed in navionics in the navionics app but not all of them so i took the time to go through and list everyone that was on this map that i knew about on navionics so hopefully you guys can now go on avionics and cruise around and find out where these dinghy ducks are they're all over the place and they're usually next to like the pump out stations so there's like a ton of let me see if it says how many so there are free pump out stations all around the harbor and um most of the ones i've seen also have a hose with water so you can fill your tanks and stuff so that's a great option i've also entered in navionics the information about this anchorage i'm sitting in which it wasn't there before like if you go online as of the posting of this video you're not going to really be able to find any information about this new anchorage except if you go on avionics you'll see where i included it it's in the turning basin i'll put up the chart on the screen right now so you can have an idea as to where where we're talking about yeah this anchorage is absolutely fantastic and the same rules apply for this anchorage as the general anchorage you have 72 hour time limit that you can be here there are no like uh amenities that come with it so you don't get access to a showers or bathrooms or anything like that but there are public restrooms around uh that you can um you know all over the place so now i cruised by the general anchorage last week a couple times in the dinghy and there were only ever like one or two boats in there and uh the anchorages aren't gigantic and everybody swings on a single hook from what i can see but like sunday afternoon i dingy past it going to meet my little brother for dinner at the far end of the harbor and there were probably 20 boats anchored in there and it was like party central it was total mayhem so it seemed like a lot of people leave their slips go over their anchor party and then haul up and go back to their slips because when i came back after dinner like later in the evening there was like one boat in the anchorage so that's something to know about if you're cruising through and you're trying to spend a couple days there think about that if you're going to be there on the weekend because during the week it's been like no one like one or two boats ever and out here in this anchorage which it seems like very few people know about so far there's just me no one no one else and it is a i think it's a wednesday right now it's middle of the week but this um this is the spot for sure but i will put up the chart that shows both where both anchorages are so if one's full you want to check out the other one it's all good and this anchorage is 20 feet deep that i'm in and i put out four scope there's no swell or anything there's like there's wind protection and i was like trying to be considerate if other people came in an anchor to give them space so uh yeah fantastic spot now let's talk about a third option you have for visiting one that's like more comfortable and kind of uh nicer amenities and stuff is a place called marina park now that this is where this is where it gets weird it seems that marina park is run by the harbor department where the municipal docks are run by the harbor patrol so that's one of the things that really confused me marina park is a giant park with a huge like faux lighthouse building and um they control all of the moorings like the majority of the mooring rentals there and they have slips for rent and there's like it says on their site free wi-fi and showers and laundry and bathrooms i went in and talked to the people in the office there just to find out the info information to relay to you guys and they were saying the easiest way to book a slip with them is you can either do it online or you can do it over the phone so if that's something you have if you have access to that stuff when you're coming in on a boat um that's probably your best bet and they'll just assign you a mooring and you don't even have to like tie up or anything you can just go straight to your mooring after you've paid another option if you don't have service or if you're you know that's not not something happening lost your phone overboard who knows there's a variety of ways to not have internet access when you're traveling by boat if that's the case there's a long dock right in front of that facility and i asked them and they said yeah you can tie up there temporarily to go in and fill out all the paperwork and pay the fee and all that stuff as long as the office is open obviously it's a short-term dock so you can't like leave it there for a long period or you might you'll get ticketed um or towed or something and again i'll i'll pop up the chart right now and show you where that dock is where the facility is and they told me that they um they generally uh lease out mooring the mooring field for h and i but the you can see this chart on the screen right now it shows all of the highlighted areas are the different mooring fields so they said if you have a preference for a mooring field that you'd rather be closer to like you're maybe you have friends in one spot or you want to be closer to certain things and other things then you can ask them if there's a spot available they'll put you kind of in any of these mooring fields and there's a lot of them but they said generally the people guests coming through they put in you know h and i pouring killed they do have slips available they go for a flat rate for under 40 feet and the under 40 feet is 83 a night which is completely insane to me that's what it is and the mooring field is a dollar 31 a foot so 40 bucks a night for a 30-foot boat that's the difference it's like the slips are double what the mooring balls are so yeah i mean 83 a night is kind of crazy to me but it is in a nice spot it's directly across the street from the beach from newport beach you know you have shore power so for some people that's going to be a better option and then the other prices for boats bigger than 40 feet i'll put a link down below for everything there'll be tons of links in the description that let you know how you can research what the current pricing is because we know you know you might see this video years from when it was posted so the pricing might change so you definitely want to go on their website and see what the current pricing is versus whatever i'm telling you on the screen right now so this being newport beach california it's impossible for me to list all of the things you have access to being here um you can easily look online and find out what's what around but the things of note is it is very close to minnie's yacht surplus which if you're in southern from southern california you visit southern california you probably know about minis it's one of the biggest marine surplus places in the entire country and it's phenomenal they're all currently only open like tuesdays and saturdays but that place is it's a thing to see and the prices are really affordable if you're staying here while they're open you should definitely get over there and check it out while i was here uh kevin from sv californica swung by picked us up in his car took us over there we picked up some stuff enjoyed i always enjoy seeing many there's so much to look at and then we grabbed lunch after that so thanks kevin for picking us up taking us over there another thing is like steady broke his nail severely uh mr steady is the the dog on the boat he broke his nail severely on the boat so we had to do like uh you know a trip to the vet and um half a mile from this anchorage is mariner's mile pet clinic and they took care of us got him all fixed up so if you have a pet emergency they're right there like i said west marine is right there starbucks you name it whatever you want you can get it so i think that about sums it up um newport beach california newport harbor you have municipal docks you have free anchorages and you have uh the nicer marina park option and um that should get you covered for passing through for a weekend jaunt whatever newport beach beautiful beautiful place very protected and a really nice place to visit so i hope this helped you guys out hope it explains some things there'll be links in the descriptions for everything we talked about and again i've entered tons of information into the navionics app to try to help you guys and um if you have any questions you know hit me up in the comments down below if you enjoyed the video give it a thumbs up subscribe and hit that little bell so you don't miss any future episodes and i would say you should uh subscribe to this playlist of boater's guides if you plan on making any trips up and down the coast or even if you're just a boater and you want to like do a weekend away without going all the way to catalina um this this series is just going to continue as we cruise up the coast and visit different spots i'll make these little informative videos talking you through what it's like to be you know in different cities guest slips and anchorages mooring fields and whatnot so thanks for watching bear wins until next time you

  Top Comments:
  1. @guenther1 [1 likes]: Hey James. Don't think your old videos get outdated. We are on our way south from the Seattle area and really bennefited from your vids on marinas and anchorages around southern CA. Although Marina Del Rey was a very dirty county run marina the park and surroundings wer great... not to mention the fantastic water pressure in the showers... something a cruiser can appreciate. There was a boat of south pacific islanders in town so entertainment and great dancing and music.Thanks so much and keep on keepin on. Cheers.
  2. @christiangarner9819 [1 likes]: Great coverage. My home marina for 50 years so far!
  3. @solosailorsv8065 [1 likes]: Great information, I've enjoyed Anchorage #2 also. Skipping the downsides is a video thing , I guess: So......
The locals made a point of waking me in Anch#2 with their large power boats, I assume because they thought I was NOT in an anchorage.
Also, in the Newport area, the bigger boats often assume the right of way, and racers also assert right of way regardless of ColRegs 
Good things to keep in mind and stay safe in a very busy and affluent harbor.
  4. @tvonzweck [1 likes]: Thanks for the good info James. I avoided Newport Beach and went to Island White in Long Beach last time I went up the coast. I'll check out Newport's new anchorage next time.  Now It's all boat projects and little sailing until I depart for Mexico for a few years. I was confused by the short "Half Way to Hawaii video". I thought you recently sailed off in peak hurricane season.
  5. @stephaniestearns2493 [1 likes]: Thanks for the great info! We spotted Triteia (noticed from your dingy signage) docked 1-1/2 (?) weeks ago on a Sunday at public docks at Marina del Rey. I noticed Wifi in the park so we thought you were probably uploading video. ;) Next morning checked out the newest 'Rippers Cove' video. Love all the local sailing info... catch you on the water!
  6. @DaleShirley-o1u: This was free in 73 times have changed Amigo 😂
  7. @DanielRamirez-md8yb: Very informative thank you
  8. @MisterMotoReturns: Great info. Thanks!
  9. @KaoruAndCarsten: I wanna see Long Beach /Naples edition of this!!
  10. @martymajix91: Digesting boats is the business
  11. @martymajix91: Cut Throat Harbor.
  12. @CarolineBielskis1: This is great. Thank you
  13. @OCFamily2025: Great video and info! Thank you, I am planning to buy a intex excursion 5 just to cruse around Newport harbor, what are your thoughts on that? also any info as to where I could launch something like that in the harbor would be greatly appreciated.
  14. @rodericj: Good stuff. Would you ever consider making a shared google map or mapbox map with all of this info at the different harbors you’re documenting? Pretty valuable info that could be great as a destination on the web.
  15. @davidholdman8015: Awesome
  16. @davidholdman8015: Awesome
  17. @Hindukushsailing: I read about the rudder trouble. I read some guys lost their rudder and dragged a bucket off stern as a steering drougue on either side to make headway????
  18. @VF_OC: I'm really enjoying this series. Very helpful, thank you!
  19. @georgelambertson300: Dude ...Mr.Stedie  said if you drank Beer he was going too mark his territory because that "Cone" around his heck from the Veterinary office ...although if you offer a few treats He'd be square...
  20. @johnboor3455: When I had my A30 and using a mooring ball and solo sailing I always used a long bow line and came up to the ball at the cockpit main sheet location looping through the eye and cleated off.  when all secure I then secured at the bow with a second line.

- Newport Beach Yacht Clubs and the best cocktail served at the Newport Harbor Yacht Club: Kind: captions Language: en so there are various yacht clubs around Newport they're the most famous one is Newport Harbor Yacht Club there's Bahia Corinthia they have great parties American Legion is a great spot too you have to be a veteran or a family member of the veteran to join but they have the cheapest drinks in town so it's always a fun spot to the American Legion we're about to drive by and then there's also the Balboa Yacht Club Great spot if you're a sailor but we're coming up on one of arguably the most famous yacht clubs here in Newport Beach Newport Harbor Yacht Club and it's where you join if you're a real sailor I am not so I'm not a member but I've been lucky enough to go with a member for lunch and then drinks they have the best Mai Tai or if you're ever invited you have to have a mucho bucho that's one of their great drinks too I love myself mucho mucho on a hot sunny day it's pretty pretty beautiful day tore it down and they rebuilt it a few years ago and now just so picturesque Newport Ridge there

- Why this harbor is better than the rest! | Newport Harbor - Beginner's Pilot Guide: Kind: captions Language: en welcome aboard to Newport Beach California here is a beginner Pilot's Guide to the basics of Newport Beach focusing on the Harbor and surrounding area and remember land was created to provide a place for boats to visit so be sure to let me know in the comments which Port you would like me to highlight next Newport Beach is an Orange County Southern California just south of Los Angeles what is special about Newport Harbor is that it is considered one of the largest pleasure boating Harbors in the U.S this makes it a great destination for a visit or the perfect place to make your home Port the first recorded history of Newport Beach began when it was mapped by Juan Cabrillo in the 1540s however it took another 200 years before Europeans started to settle the area the history of modern Newport Harbor really started in the late 1800s when James McFadden saw value in the area and created a commercial Port where the Newport Pier is today this port was the largest business in Orange County at the time however it declined once the U.S government built the port of LA and San Pedro back in 1899. it was at this time developers started to come and dream of a residential newborn Harbor that's when the development really started the city was incorporated in 1906 the same year that construction finished on the Balboa Pavilion and Balboa Pier it was also at this time that the Pacific electric Railway extended into Newport Peninsula from Los Angeles to bring in tourism The Sandbar riddled Harbor was dredged and the islands that exist today were created from the sand and the silt Newport Harbor is made up of two sections the upper Newport Bay or Back Bay which is a nature preserve and the lower Newport Bay or Harbor area each of these regions are about three miles in length and are more or less divided by Pacific Coast Highway notice how Pacific Coast Highway moves Inland and does not cross over the Harbor's entrance this benefits Newport because a bridge does not constrict the height of the size of vessels able to enter the harbor this is a defining characteristic and why Newport is such a popular boating Harbor above Pacific Coast Highway is the Back Bay which used to be a water sports area without a speed limit today it is now a nature conservancy the area of the Back Bay just north of the highway has some boating resources but mainly serves as a transition from the Boating oriented lower Harbor to the nature area of the Upper Bay this section of Harbor is really only popular for boaters accessing the Newport Dunes launch ramp when transiting this area be sure to stay in between the channel markers the water in the Back Bay isn't fully dredged and it is a popular spot to run aground now onto the crown jewel of Newport Beach which is the lower Harbor newport's Harbor consists of eight Islands over its three mile long stretch of Waterway these islands and harbor are protected by an equally long stretch of peninsula which protects the Harbor from the Pacific Ocean something that makes Newport particularly unique is most of these land masses are filled with single family homes this limits the size of commercial marinas and in return preserves most of Newport Harbor's water for sailing and transiting boats here's a quick comparison of newport's Open Water compared to Marina del Rey and Los Angeles notice the difference in design and lack of large marinas in Newport Harbor instead Newport Harbor uses a mooring system with 12 different Mooring fields and two anchorages this allows for boats a sail between The Mooring fields and retains the water area of the harbor while also maintaining the ability for Newport to have around 14 000 boats these Mooring Fields should be transited carefully though because it is up to individuals to maintain their own Moorings these Moorings are one of the few hazards in Newport Harbor it is not uncommon for Moorings to have floating lines that drift and can foul a vessel's propeller for this reason it is important to stay in the marked channels unless familiar with the area another hazard in Newport Harbor is its water depth the depth of the water in the lower Harbor isn't a huge factor to most boaters however you can see by this survey that once you leave the federally marked Channel some areas near shore can become quite shallow continuing the discussion on hazards let's discuss the harbor entrance luckily newport's Harbor entrance is one of the safest due to its large West Jetty however this wasn't always the case it wasn't until the Army Corps of Engineers built the Jetties in the 1930s that Transit into the harbor became safe before this Surfers used to ride waves all the way into the harbor and while great for Surfers it was terrible for boaters the Surfers weren't entirely upset though because the creation of the West Jetty also created one of the most famous surf spots in the region the wedge the wedge is an accidental man-made surf break that occurs during large South swells waves bounce off the West Jetty and form with the way behind it to double in size this isn't particularly hazardous to boaters however boats have been known to miss the harbor entrance at night so be sure when entering in low visibility that you're between both Jetties the swells in the area are primarily from the Northwest funneling between Catalina Island and Palos Verdes in the summer months Southern swells make their way up from Mexico bringing with it warm water this is also the best time of year to go fishing the winds typically mimic the swells pattern blowing in from the Northwest in the afternoons onshore winds Peak around 15 to 20 knots on the stronger days in the fall season the area experiences what are known as Santa anas which are hot strong offshore winds which can reach above 30 knots while strong the terrain near the coast tends to keep the wind off the water and create some very flat sections near the coast on to the resources Newport Harbor has a wide variety of resources for boaters who are willing to pay for them due to the nature of the harbor being mainly residential homes dock space or Newport is typically double to Triple the cost of neighboring harbors this trend of being more expensive snowballs introduce about every aspect of Newport Harbor's boating resources however with that being said there are a plentiful amount of vendors who service both Newport and the surrounding SoCal region Newport Harbor itself has four shipyards two fuel docks and about a dozen yacht clubs if you're a member of a yacht club visiting Newport your best bet for a slip would be contacting some of the yacht clubs in the harbor transiting dockage in Newport is difficult to come by but the city understands this and they've been working towards making Newport a more favorable place to visit by boat if visiting you can stay at the city's new Marina Park facilities which offer a small amount of docks for up to 55-foot vessels these docks cost roughly 90 a night and on holiday weekends book up fast other options are renting a warrant from the city if you have a way to get to shore there are 12 public dinghy docks around the harbor and Moorings go for something like a dollar fifty a foot a night these public dinghy dogs are particularly useful because you can drop off and pick up on them but also many of them have space on the other side of the dock for you to leave your tender for a period of time all of this information and more is located on the city's website in the description below it's staying on board you can also anchor in one of the anchorages however you are not supposed to leave your vessel docking at one of the many yacht clubs is really the preferred location if you are a member of a club with reciprocal privileges Newport is also a great place to trailer In Your Vessel located north of Pacific Coast Highway is the Newport Dunes Marina this is a private launch ramp which does cost money however it offers amenities like boat storage and wash down stations oh and it's also the only option for a launch ramp in Newport Harbor but once the headache of docking is sorted out you want to have fun Newport Beach is Central in location to Laguna Beach Catalina and the Port of Long Beach of these three Laguna Beach is the best location for a day trip while visiting Newport you can anchor up in Emerald Bay which is a popular boating destination four miles down the coast inside Newport Harbor there are many bars and restaurants that offer Dock and dine experiences to boaters you can also Cruise the harbor which is a great way to spend an afternoon and will take approximately two hours to see the entire Harbor if you are a sailor you can also participate in weeknight regattas during the summer that sail up and back the length of newborn Harbor once on Shore you can walk around Balboa Island and see shops or head over to the peninsula where there are miles of boardwalks to travel as well as the Fun Zone the two piers are the main tourism zones of the peninsula and across from the Balboa up here is the Balboa Fun Zone this location has a ferris wheel and many great attractions for kids and adults like parasailing and whale watching here you can also take the Balboa Ferry which shuttles cars and people to and from Balboa Island if in town over Christmas you can also catch one of the biggest boat parades in the nation Wednesday to Sunday the week before Christmas Newport hosts a boat parade which has been going on for over 110 years everyone decorates their boats and around 100 vessels go around the harbor together this concludes everything there is to know about visiting Newport Harbor so if you enjoyed this pilot guide harbor tour be sure to let me know airport Harbor comes highly recommended to anybody considering a trip to Southern California and thank you for sailing with us

  Top Comments:
  1. @GodsArmyOnEarth [3 likes]: great video. Love from Huntington Beach, Ca and Redondo Beach Harbor. Stop by any time!
  2. @joerectifier [2 likes]: Excellent video - very informative
  3. @uzyoc [1 likes]: Excellent Video my friend!!!! Your knowledge and explanations are 5 STARS!!!!.... and wonderful visuals!!!!
  4. @mr.captain_adventurez: Cool vid! You should make a video on Marina Del Rey. Always enjoy your content. The Venetian - mdr
  5. @theashpilez: Thatz the city the copz had their own brothel hotel years ago n
  6. @The442nd: I love it!!! Thank you for this video
  7. @alonsogutierrez4999: 🎉🎉
  8. @rosssoutherland8118: Fabulous Video! I was living out there in SoCal for 10 years. Been to all the places on here. Did you mention Pirates Cove? I saw it on the video. 
Anyway Fabulous Video!

- Newport Yachts - Experience of Your Dreams: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] n la [Laughter] [Applause]

- No Welding! Flip Your Utility Trailer Axle Right: Kind: captions Language: en today i'm going to show you how to flip your axles without welding and without losing your trailer let me show you how now you might be wondering why can't i just flip my axle over and reuse the axle seats well on this trailer i've done exactly that you can see i've now put the springs on top of there reuse the spring seat looks pretty good right well actually not might be tough to tell but that axle's bent you see that little bow in the axle that's called the camber and that actually makes the tires not quite square the the road they're just a few degrees off and those axles are cambered just so that when the trailer is taking load that the wheels square up to the road put my square flush against the bottom it's out round about i have to say about a half inch by the top of the wheel and that means the inside of the wheel is going to wear faster than the outside this is called negative camber it can also cause problems steering and handling on the road so you definitely want to fix this by flipping the axles right over now usually what people will do is they'll just take the axle and they'll weld on a new spring seat underneath and rotate the axle 180 degrees from where it is right now and then i'll put the bow in the right position the bow should be pointing up and set it down as it is what i'm going to do instead of welding is i'm going to make a little setup here use the new spring seat some new bolts and it's going to hold the axle securely even without welding now if you can weld you should it's the safest thing to do it doesn't cost all that much money but there's a lot of you out there who don't want to do welding want to do it all yourself and for those of you out there this is the video for you we're going to show you how to complete this project all you're going to need is four new square u-bolts that are one and three-quarters inch wide by five inches long three-eighths inch thick and these u-bolts can be a little bit hard to find so actually have them custom bent at a place for five bucks each you're going to need a couple of spring seats right there you can buy those online at any or any trailer dealer we also need some spring tie plates that's the galvanized piece of steel right there a couple of bolts and some washers and some lock nuts that's all you're going to need to complete this project let's see how it works the first step is going to be to put the trailer up on blocks so that i can take the axle off [Music] for the next step we remove the u-bolts with the u-bolts removed now we can loosen the bolt that holds on the leaf spring and drop the axle the axle bolt was in there really securely so i had to get out my hammer again and bang it out the rest of the way now both axles are free of the leaf springs as you can see there's nothing holding on the axle now what we're going to wind up doing is taking that leaf spring putting it back up under there and connecting back up the axle as you can see flipping the axles really jacked up the trailer in fact i need to raise the trailer a bit to be able to get the axle to fit back on that's going to be an advantage so that i can precisely fit it and i don't have to lift the axle so much for the first step you're going to want to make up your tie plate to put that one-inch bolt right through its center with a couple of the washers and a lock nut at the end this is going to create a little nub that's going to fit right to the hole of your spring seat just like that and that's going to help keep the u-bolts and the tie centered on the axle and when it's done it should look just like that you don't have to be too fussy about getting it on center but the closer you are to center the easier of a time you're going to have later when you try to put it on and as you can see that little nub is going to fit securely right in to the axle seat so that's a 3 8 inch bolt 3 8 lock nut some nice nice beefy washers and off you go now so now that i've got the axle off and rotated i'm going to be able to put on the new perch right on top here i've got this plate made up we've got the bolt through here and these u-bolts that'll go right around the axle that's all going to come right up in the middle with that perch right there centered into this hole and then these guys through the tie plate now i need to lower the jack just a little bit to be able to make that happen so here we have the finished product we got the wheel much more square to the ground because the axle is both the right way and then under here it's like i've got my own little over under axle kit they sell these for two and three-eighths axle and other size axles from dexter but not the one and three-quarter inch axles that you find in most utility trailers so in this video we've made our own that way you can have your axle flip safely with no welding and now whereas before i had about two inches of clearance now i got six so i've lifted up about four inches and this guy shouldn't scrape anymore in my sloped driveway thanks for watching and if you like this video make sure to like and subscribe you

  Top Comments:
  1. @dr.coelacanth6142 [17 likes]: 99% of viewers of this video aren't subscribed, if you're reading comments, please hit like and subscribe!  This video goes over how to make your own over under kit for a 1-3/4" axle like the ones Dexter sells for the 2-3/8" axle (part K71-384-00).  Before leaving a comment saying you must weld on the perches, note two things:

1. I say that welding is best right in the video, so I mostly agree
2. No weld conversion kits are made by reputable manufacturers but not for this axle size, which is why I made this video
  2. @13ChroniclesOfDagger [10 likes]: I straightened my bent axle with a 2 1/4  ton floor jack.  Had the trailer loaded with 275 gallons in a tote.  Jacked up the middle 3 inches above horizontal.   Worked like a charm. 🎉
  3. @edrogers9530 [4 likes]: You could just spin axle 180 and rotate the axle 180.  And you'd still have your camber
  4. @wolfsburg4x4 [2 likes]: Anyone else looking for a fly while watching this ?
  5. @hawkwrangler1950 [2 likes]: You can get all you need at Northern Tool.
  6. @stevericci3308 [2 likes]: modern cars all have negative camber. This will help keep you trailer tracking center. I would nto worry about it. Cars I work on at a dealer have as much as 3rd degree or more especially in the rear.
  7. @drbirdleaf2574 [2 likes]: I did the same thing to the same trailer 10 years ago. I still have the trailer. 
The biggest issues I had was the ramp gate being a bit short with the trailer being higher and the fact that I overloaded it many times causing the tongue to crack as well as the small cross beams where it’s attached so I still had to do a little welding to keep the trailer usable. But by overloaded, I grossly overloaded it several times and it never let me down other than a flat tire once in ten years of abuse.
  8. @jeffreyplumber1975 [1 likes]: did you forget to mention that in the begining of the video   you were spring over axel    end of video you were spring over axel as well  .     no change in height  ?      but you modified it  and thats why camber was off
  9. @med101-k6q [1 likes]: Great idea for the Jeep body lift dudes. 😂
  10. @billypirtle1443 [1 likes]: It will also take out your wheel bearns out on the inside or outside.
  11. @TLBF [1 likes]: No, the first step is to turn the trailer over so you can work standing up.  Easy to do with:  a tractor with forks and a 2 post lift.  :)
  12. @joseramirez9932 [1 likes]: How do i get those plates
  13. @ericbrainard4072 [1 likes]: Small trailers like this should never be at maximum capacity. Flipping the axle reduces the maximum capacity but not enough that any reasonable person would ever notice. If you are worried about do this extra work. I’ve never had a problem with my little trailer with a flipped axle.
  14. @GrantSR [1 likes]: Good Catch!
  15. @Mr.SuperDuper-idk [1 likes]: Great Video
  16. @steveshilt5438 [1 likes]: Did you change out to a tall tire too?
  17. @gotpride01 [1 likes]: Thanks for the video on this!  Needed to figure out the same thing ! It was a great help!
  18. @ostromadventures: Did the ride change at all after you flipped the axle?
  19. @regsparkes6507: Sorry, but I had to watch to the end to be sure there wasn't some kind of 'punch line' coming for this 'joke!
There at about the 3:00 minute, ( as pointed out by '@kitgore2508'  ) when I saw how you used that small open end  wrench and hammer, then used a spring seat ( or perch ) without welding it and bolting up those u-bolts ;like this, I knew that you have not had any experience with a trailer on ordinary  roads. I would estimate that after a couple of pot holes have bounced your axel / trailer, that your 'jury-rigged' repair would leave you with a wound up axle, at the very least.
I could could go on and on here, but you have the picture.
  20. @ehbudds: 4:18 the fly got me, I thought a big juicy sucker was in my house.

- Ultimate Lagoon 46 Yacht Tour: Watercolor in the Bahamas: Kind: captions Language: en My name is Amanda Haley with Current&nbsp; Yachts. We are in the stunning waters&nbsp;&nbsp; of Marsh Harbor Bahamas and I'm excited to walk&nbsp; you through this 2023 fully-equipped Lagoon 46.&nbsp;&nbsp; This 4-cabin 4-head luxury catamaran is&nbsp; packed with high-end upgrades making her&nbsp;&nbsp; an exceptional choice for private cruising or&nbsp; chartering. With her powerful sail plan solid&nbsp;&nbsp; navigation abilities and superior comforts&nbsp; she's designed for effortless sailing and&nbsp;&nbsp; extended off-grid adventures. Welcome aboard, Watercolor!&nbsp; The Lagoon 46 succeeded the widely&nbsp; successful Lagoon 450 in 2019. Since then,&nbsp;&nbsp; over 600 hulls have been built by Lagoon&nbsp; Shipyard in France, part of Group Beneteau.&nbsp; Starting on the extended teak transom we have&nbsp; the folding ladder that is perfect for all&nbsp;&nbsp; your swimming and water activities.&nbsp; Stepping into the spacious cockpit,&nbsp;&nbsp; we have this extended foldable teak table and the&nbsp; sliding cockpit bench. This area is perfect for&nbsp;&nbsp; entertaining with all of your friends and family. Stepping away from our dining area we have to the&nbsp;&nbsp; starboard side a large sunpad that features&nbsp; a cockpit locker for all of the water toys.&nbsp;&nbsp; And finally to complete this cockpit space is&nbsp; this massive stern bench. Also on the stern to&nbsp;&nbsp; the starboard side, we have the stainless&nbsp; steel dinghy davits with manual winch. Now&nbsp;&nbsp; we'll move up to one of the most popular spots&nbsp; on this Lagoon 46, the flybridge! Follow me.&nbsp;&nbsp; Wow check out this exceptional flybridge space.&nbsp; It's no wonder that many Lagoon 46 buyers have&nbsp;&nbsp; chosen this vessel for this exact area. First thing you'll notice is the ease of&nbsp;&nbsp; handling sail plan. All of the lines are&nbsp; leading to the port side with electric&nbsp;&nbsp; winches and this dedicated main sail traveler&nbsp; flat winder winch. Moving to the helm station,&nbsp;&nbsp; Watercolor features a wonderful suite of&nbsp; electronics. This includes a 16-inch Raymarine&nbsp;&nbsp; hybrid touch multi-function display along with&nbsp; wind instruments and autopilot. She also includes&nbsp;&nbsp; a handheld Raymarine VHF. All these features&nbsp; ensure top tier navigation and communication.&nbsp; Now behind me is one of my personal favorite&nbsp; spaces on this vessel. Check out this sun&nbsp;&nbsp; lounging area, this is a perfect place to enjoy a&nbsp; sunset. While we're up here, let's talk about the&nbsp;&nbsp; sail plan. Watercolor features a self-tacking&nbsp; jib further demonstrating the short-handing&nbsp;&nbsp; ability of this vessel. Additionally the classic&nbsp; main sail is a fully battened Dacron square top&nbsp;&nbsp; main. Now let's head to the bow. Moving forward, you'll notice the&nbsp;&nbsp; wide side decks flush mounted hatches and&nbsp; handrails for safe passage going to the bow.&nbsp;&nbsp; Take in this forward cockpit with the large&nbsp; socializing sati and classic wooden bow pulpits.&nbsp;&nbsp; This area is perfect for entertaining. The bridge&nbsp; deck also houses the generator and windless.&nbsp;&nbsp; Watercolor is fitted with two crew quarters in&nbsp; the port and starboard forepeaks. This space can&nbsp;&nbsp; be used for additional guests or extra storage. Now let's take a look at Watercolor's interior.&nbsp; As we move into the galley, an extension of&nbsp; the cockpit includes a fridge and storage to&nbsp;&nbsp; starboard, and to port we have a trash bin, ice&nbsp; box and propane locker. Also notice the clever&nbsp;&nbsp; placement of the stairs for safe and easy access&nbsp; to the flybridge. I also just love the amount&nbsp;&nbsp; of counter space for prepping food and drinks. Inside the salon, the stylish and bright interior&nbsp;&nbsp; stands out immediately. The natural light,&nbsp; complemented by the direct and indirect lighting,&nbsp;&nbsp; enhances this yacht's luxurious feel. The&nbsp; galley is equipped with a three-burner stove,&nbsp;&nbsp; oven, basin sink, refrigerator, and to&nbsp; starboard another refrigerator and freezer.&nbsp; The salon also features this large dining room&nbsp; table that converts into an additional berth.&nbsp;&nbsp; For onboard entertainment, Watercolor is equipped&nbsp; with the Fusion marine stereo system, adjustable&nbsp;&nbsp; by zone and paired with high-quality loudspeakers&nbsp; throughout the salon cockpit and flybridge. And I&nbsp;&nbsp; can't tell you how great this forward window is to&nbsp; create ample air flow throughout the entire salon!&nbsp;&nbsp; Here at the nav station and throughout the cabins&nbsp; you'll find USB ports for easy device charging.&nbsp; As a four cabin configuration, Watercolor has an&nbsp; identical layout in both hulls. Each side with two&nbsp;&nbsp; cabins, ensuite heads, and separate shower stalls.&nbsp; This is an ideal configuration to welcome friends&nbsp;&nbsp; and family aboard. The aft cabins are slightly&nbsp; wider to offer a walk-around queen berth. Each&nbsp;&nbsp; cabin includes under-bed slats for extra support,&nbsp; roller blinds, and fans for added comfort.&nbsp; Now let's talk about Watercolor's propulsion&nbsp; systems. Powering Watercolor are twin Yanmar&nbsp;&nbsp; 57 horsepower 4JH57 engines, offering reliable&nbsp; performance. She's equipped with three 140 amp&nbsp;&nbsp; service batteries, a battery controller,&nbsp; and dual battery chargers for maximum power&nbsp;&nbsp; management. For true off-grid capability,&nbsp; she features an Onan 11 kW generator with a&nbsp;&nbsp; soundproof cocoon and reverse cycle Cruisair&nbsp; air conditioning throughout the vessel.&nbsp; And for extended cruising Watercolor is&nbsp; equipped with a high-output watermaker&nbsp;&nbsp; capable of producing 140 liters per hour&nbsp; ensuring a continuous freshwater supply. This concludes our walkthrough of Watercolor.&nbsp; Whether you're looking for a high-end charter&nbsp;&nbsp; yacht or a private sailing vessel, Watercolor&nbsp; is ready to set sail. Contact us at Current&nbsp;&nbsp;

  Top Comments:
  1. @CurrentYachts [9 likes]: Full listing: https://currentyachts.com/boats/2023-lagoon-46-9754008
  2. @BertBossar-z7y [6 likes]: Terrific walkthrough, Amanda! Watercolor is a great boat.
  3. @martinfrederickboats [4 likes]: Niiiiiice boat. Well done video.
  4. @YachtingConfidential [3 likes]: Great walkthrough video, great price too!
  5. @FSBO-Boats [3 likes]: Great listing 🤩
  6. @FullDisplacementPodcast [1 likes]: Gorgeous!
  7. @annapolis2bermuda [1 likes]: Wow!! Bring her to Bermuda!
  8. @homesweetnow3098 [1 likes]: 🤩
  9. @mattleduc_yachtbroker [1 likes]: Well done walk through!

- FLEXIRIDE® Rubber Torsion Axles by Universal: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Introducing Flexieride, the ultimate in rubber torsion axles. An innovation in trailer suspension for a smooth, safe, and practically shock-free ride. The Flexieride rubber torsion axle is the most state-of-the-art concept in trailer suspension technology on the market today. The Flexieride rubber cartridge is a completely bonded unit that operates in shear as opposed to compression, offering superior vibration dampening compared to leaf spring suspensions and other rubber torsion axles. The highquality proprietary rubber guarantees a smoother ride and longer life. Flexier rubber torsion axles are versatile and used on a wide range of trailers. We offer both full beam and half axle solutions to meet a diverse demand for our unique Flexi rubber torsion axle. Our Flexi Ride half axles are perfect for special applications where full beam can't be used. The capacity ranges from 425 lb, one of the lightest suspension systems on the market, to 7,000 lb. The Flexi Ride axle is easy to install. We recommend welding a base plate to the trailer frame to bolt on the flexi rod half axles. The one-piece forge spindle arm is stronger and safer than welded units. The spline arm is adjustable for a range of starting angles to easily adjust trailer height. It is also removable for replacement. All Flexi Ride axles fit industry standard components and are available in various hub, drum, and brake configurations. The Flexi Ride half axles have built-in camber. There is no need for equalizers or other hardware. Flexi is a fully independent suspension, always providing a smooth, stable ride, no matter the road. Each wheel travels totally independently for a soft and quiet ride. This provides a practically shock-free ride. Flexier installation on a trailer is a one-man job requiring minimal measurements and welding. Welding of the base plate to the crossbar begins after careful measurements to ensure proper alignment of the Flexi half axle. Here the trailer manufacturer welds the base plates on the crossbar prior to welding the crossbar on the frame. The Flexi half axles are bolted on the finished trailer frame. The installation is quick, easy, and simple. So, how does it perform? Let's get rolling. From under the trailer, we can get a great look at Flexi Ride in action. This trailer weighs about 2600 lb with a heavy trailer frame construction and specialized hydraulic pumping equipment. Flexier performs smoothly and consistently, providing a virtually shock-free ride. Flexier is an independent suspension, which means there's less tendency for the trailer to lean when it encounters bumps or potholes. Flexier is not only smoother, it's safer. The fully bonded solid rubber cartridge construction is durable and built to last. Produced by licensed axle manufacturers, the Flexieride rubber torsion axle is a built to suit system. Infinitely customizable for a variety of applications. Axles can be manufactured to any track width, starting angle in a wide range of capacities with minimal inventory. Four rubber cartridge sizes cover capacities ranging from 1,400 lb to 7,000 lb. Build full beam axles, Vband axles, and half axles using the same basic components. The Flexi Ride axles are simple and easy to manufacture, requiring no specialized equipment. Basic cutting and welding equipment and capabilities are needed, as well as a general hydraulic press to press fit the rubber cartridge in the tubing. The Flexi Ride Lency program is ideal for trailer and smaller axle manufacturers wishing to build torsion axles in-house and for manufacturers of specialty trailers requiring the durability and versatility of the cartridge system. The Flexier rubber torsion axle provides the smoothest ride on the road. Flexier is your best choice for a safe and durable suspension system for your light duty trailer needs. Flexier for smooth trails ahead.

  Top Comments:
  1. @johnnyBqwazy [11 likes]: As an Engineer, I'd like to know more how they Canadian Axle - bond/cast the rubber to the metal shaft to avoid internal sheer or failure? Their website notes only a "proprietary" method 🙄 Well Duhh... might buy one and dismantle it 👍
  2. @hafeezkhan9503 [2 likes]: ❤ nice video thanks again 💯 right nice
  3. @fernandogouveia3988 [1 likes]: Top demais este sistema de torsao
  4. @jesusgarciaponce7467 [1 likes]: Dónde compro esos ejes
  5. @jesusgarciaponce7467 [1 likes]: Dónde puedo conseguir un eje asi
  6. @mnq2to1: So he brags about how easy is to make and work with this axles but if you want to buy they are very expensive
  7. @Pacificcityfishing: I had purchased a set and these are not galvanized
  8. @luisfernandocasados800: Los eh buscado en páginas y no los encuentro
  9. @mihranmatosyan7317: Don't you produce  it for vehicles  ???
  10. @AmandaVanDenBergh-m2s: R they available in South Africa
  11. @johndieljunio5912: How to order that??
  12. @kevinhornbuckle: Where can I buy a set?
  13. @icare7151: Can one get disc brakes with these scales?
  14. @tacomaster7411: like
  15. @ПавелЯковлев-и4й: Резина имеет срок службы как ремень ГРМ . Важно не километры пробега а сколько лет прошло и начнет трескаться и осыпаться . Хотя бы Вопше не был в эксплуатацию.
  16. @jeremypeterson7171: Absolutely worthless axle since they give you zero info as to where they can be sourced from
  17. @juancarlosgonzales8055: Does the base plate have to be welded or is there another way to do it. The reason I ask it's cause my trailer is aluminum.
  18. @todaysuday5838: Ахуенная идейка !!! 
На наши ВАЗов кие тази надняч подвеска отлично подойдёт !!!💪👍
  19. @vensdtech9703: Where can we buy one of this????
  20. @jesusgarciaponce7467: Necesito 4 ejes

- Superyachts get eco-friendly features at Dubai Boat Show: Kind: captions Language: en uh the yacht is 68 meters long she spilled and delivered in 2020 so she's very young she's in excellent condition and she has in nautical terms a volume of 1500 GT gross tons so she's a big boat and as far as I know indeed she's the biggest boat in the show we're exciting to be here and to be able to show her to the visitors of the Dubai boat shop in our Market meaning the large shots the Middle East and the gulf regions have always been very important and what we see today in terms of activity seems to confirm that people out here are interested in large shots and are willing and of course able to buy large shots so good Market strong market like always people are looking for good opportunities that's also traditionally one of the elements of the the Gulf Market and that then you know makes double sense to come here with a boat that actually is a good opportunity foreign to Dubai by himself by cell we go to Istanbul a small stop to present the boat in Istanbul after we stop in Jeddah the second stop us in Jeddah from Jeddah we sell to Djibouti to Dubai if we not use one liter of fuel regulation in the future in in the car is easy in Europe is 2035 all car must be Electric in the boat business is not rules the Marine is trying to catch up with that that aspect and they're doing a lot of solar system Boats Plus a lot of friendly engine and kind of what you call carbon footprint of the engine itself thank you

- Live Report - SNL: Kind: captions Language: en ♪♪♪ >>> ACTION 9 NEWS AT 5:00. EYE ON TAMPA. >> GOOD EVENING. I'M BETH RUNYON. >> AND I'M JACK TRASK. OUR TOP STORY TONIGHT, PANIC IN DOWNTOWN TAMPA. A 70-FOOT-WIDE SINKHOLE OPENED UP IN A WESTFIELD SHOPPING CENTER PARKING LOT. >> ACTION 9'S NEIL McNABB IS LIVE ON THE SCENE, NEIL? >> THANK YOU, BETH. QUITE A CHAOTIC SCENE HERE. EMERGENCY CREWS ARE WORKING HARD TO ASSESS THE DAMAGE. FORTUNATELY NO ONE WAS SERIOUSLY HURT, INCLUDING THESE TWO SHOPPERS. CAN YOU TELL US WHAT HAPPENED? >> YEAH. SORRY, I'M STILL SHAKING. I WAS WALKING TOWARDS MY CAR. AND ALL OF A SUDDEN IT SORT OF FELT LIKE THE GROUND WAS MELTING. >> YEAH, CARS FELL IN, IT WAS CRAZY. I'M JUST VERY HAPPY MY WIFE AND I ARE OKAY. >> THIS IS YOUR WIFE? >> UH, YES. >> YOU TWO ARE MARRIED TO EACH OTHER? >> YES, SIR. >> JUST MAKING SURE I HEARD THAT RIGHT. WELL. A CLOSE CALL HERE TODAY FOR THIS MULTI-MILLIONAIRE AND HIS LOVELY WIFE. >> OH, I'M NOT A MILLIONAIRE. >> OH, I APOLOGIZE. I ASSUMED THAT YOU WERE A VERY WEALTHY MAN. >> YEAH, I WISH. SHE'S KIND OF THE BREADWINNER IN OUR HOUSE. >> WELL, WE'RE A TEAM AND IF I FELT WEIRD ABOUT BEING THE MAIN INCOME EARNER, I WOULDN'T HAVE MARRIED A PUPPETEER. >> HE'S A PUPPET -- I'M SORRY I YELLED. JUST A LOT HAPPENING. >> SO IF YOU CAN HEAR ME THROUGH THE MONITOR THERE, DID YOU SEE HOW MANY VEHICLES FELL INTO THE SINKHOLE? >> AND ALSO, SIR, I'M WONDERING IF YOU HAVE FAMOUS PARENTS OR SOMETHING? >> IT'S A LITTLE LOUD, YOU ASKED HOW MANY CARS FELL IN? I GUESS SEVEN OR EIGHT? >> INCLUDING OUR KIA SPORTAGE. >> YOU DRIVE THIS SMOKESHOW AROUND IN A KIA SPORTAGE? >> ARE YOU MAD AT ME, SIR? >> NO, NO, I'M JUST A LITTLE OVERWHELMED BY THE SCENE HERE TODAY. STILL A LOT OF UNANSWERED QUESTIONS. I'M LIVE IN DOWNTOWN TAMPA WITH, I'M SORRY, WHAT'S YOUR NAME? >> MATT SHATT. [ LAUGHTER ] >> YOUR NAME IS MATT SHATT? >> UH, YES SHATT WITH TWO "Ts." >> DOESN'T MAKE IT ANY BETTER. AND YOU'RE MARRIED TO THIS WOMAN? WHOSE NAME IS? >> ALEXANDRA KENNEDY-SHATT. >> SHE'S A KENNEDY. AND SHE PUT A SHATT ON IT. BACK TO YOU! >> YOU'D THINK WITH THE LAST NAME SHATT HE'D GO WITH MATTHEW, RIGHT? >> YEAH, I DON'T KNOW. JOINING US NOW VIA WEBCAM IS CAL TECH SEISMOLOGY PROFESSOR REED DODDEN WHO'S AN EXPERT ON SINKHOLES. PROFESSOR, WHAT CAUSES SOMETHING LIKE THIS TO HAPPEN? >> WELL, IT VARIES. MOST LIKELY THEY WERE CHILDHOOD FRIENDS WHO GREW UP TOGETHER AND THAT BLOSSOMED INTO A ROMANCE OVER TIME. >> I BELIEVE YOU'RE REFERRING TO THE COUPLE THAT WAS JUST INTERVIEWED. I WAS ASKING ABOUT THE SINKHOLE. >> OH, IT'S PRETTY MUCH ALWAYS UNDERGROUND WATER. >> OKAY. NEIL, ANY SIGN OF WATER DAMAGE DOWN THERE? >> OH, ABSOLUTELY. WE CAN JUST PAN DOWN A LITTLE, RICK. YOU'LL SEE THAT THERE'S SOME MUD AND OH MY GOD. [ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ] MATT SHATT IS WEARING CROCS AND SOCKS. HE'S MARRIED TO THE LORD'S MISTRESS. AND HE'S WEARING CROCS. WITH SOCKS. SENDING IT BACK TO YOU IN THE STUDIO! >> OKAY WELL, WE WILL UPDATE YOU AS THAT SITUATION DEVELOPS. WE NOW TURN TO KAREN HOFFSTEDDER WITH SPORTS. BIG GAME THIS WEEKEND. >> YEAH, BUCS PLAYING THE BRONCOS. OKAY, I GOT TWO THEORIES. ONE, THIS DUDE MATT IS PACKING A TREE TRUNK IN HIS PANTS. OR TWO, HE KIDNAPPED HER AND SHE GOT STOCKHOLM SYNDROME. >> I'M SORRY, WE CAN STILL HEAR YOU. AND FOR THE RECORD, I'M WITH MY HUSBAND BECAUSE HE IS ONE OF THE STRONGEST MEN I'VE EVER MET. MOST MEN WOULD BE MAD AT THE WORLD IF THEY WERE BORN WITH JUST TESTICLES AND NO PENIS. NOT MY MATT SHATT. >> NEIL McNABB REPORTING LIVE. FROM A WORLD THAT NO LONGER MAKES SENSE. >> THANK YOU, NEIL. QUITE A SITUATION IN DOWNTOWN TAMPA. AND THERE'S THAT SINKHOLE TOO. >> WE'LL BE RIGHT BACK.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ImmanuelTamilVibeGermany [1 likes]: I can't stop laughing
  2. @ImmanuelTamilVibeGermany [1 likes]: 4:56 😂😂😂😂
  3. @troys6096 [1 likes]: I miss that crew - good stuff there!
  4. @PossMcLeod [1 likes]: Only Kenan could make us laugh our asses of using just his pointer finger! lol. The dude is a genius! lolol
  5. @michelleresell1022 [1 likes]: Who is the blonde lady?
  6. @FunFantasyHouse [1 likes]: Classic Matt Satt😅😅
  7. @whitepanda34: Matt Shatt was fashion 5 years before everyone else crocs
  8. @Geminias: Testicles and no P? At that point, just go get one engineered for you. Heck, insurance would probably cover it.
  9. @karaam226: Mikey Day is underrated
  10. @floretion: It's interesting that there are two types of sketches- those where it would ruin everything if someone had broken out laughing and those where it actually contributes to the sketch (e.g. the Welshly Arms Hotel sketch)- this one is of the former type.
  11. @shawnuel: As if Kenan’s character had any better shot with her than Matt Shatt.
  12. @abdul01.j: I don't like Americans but damn! American comedy is just GOATED 🐐😂😂😂😂
  13. @SDChargersFreak: HE DOES PUPPETS?!?!
  14. @omarov1935: Brilliant writing
  15. @RafaelSale: Hard to believe that after Margot Robbie, Matt Schatt's future wives would be Jennifer Lopez and Ana De Armas.
  16. @ankush246: I’ve seen this video way too many times and it’s never not funny
  17. @mackojeevan: Lol multimillionaire lol
  18. @SávioGAP: he´s the MATTer of puppets! \m/
  19. @franklynlugo5900: Cecily's face 4:35 😅😅😅
  20. @dorothyjamison962: 😂😂😂😂😂

- The Golden Age of American Whaling: Kind: captions Language: en hi everybody and welcome to a student-produced reading through history knockout video describing the golden age of american whaling this project was produced by sudden spindler and myself easton yay most juniors enrolled in mr bocconi's 2020-2021 ap u.s history course the term golden age of american whaling describes a period starting essentially in the 1830s and lasting until the 1850s was this period of time marked by literally hundreds of american ships roaming the seas searching farther and farther from home for their valuable prey but before i describe the details of this interesting though in some ways disturbing story i want to detail the early years of the american whaling industry it all starts in 1712 when an english-speaking colonial sea captain by the name of christopher hussey killed the first nantucket islands burma sperm whales were much larger and produced in oil that proved far more lubricative compared to the black wheels hussey was originally searching for from this first sperm whale killing nantucket island would begin to specialize in the hunting of sperm whales however within a very short period of time the british would take note of this growing and increasingly profitable admired industry and targeted nantucket whaling ships during the revolutionary war a move that resulted in many whalers being fitted out to fight against the british the war proved highly damaging to the nantucket whaling industry was over 80 percent of its fleet destroyed and the other whaling businesses that nantucket inspired being similarly impacted nonetheless the american whaling industry survived this in large part because famous americans such as benjamin franklin john adams and george washington all expressed their fondness for the industry hence when these men no longer had to deal with the conflicts of war us whalers were quick to build the largest whaling fleet in the world which included 735 ships out of a worldwide total of 900 which takes us to the industry's golden age the title the golden age of american whaling details the period of time in which the industry whaling was at its peak in the united states of america during this period of time whale products were used for anything from lamps to closing welding also had significant cultural impacts from popular stories increased opportunities for african americans you could say that whaling and the united states were closely intertwined during this time what were oils used for oil oil was used to lubricate the machines of the first industrial revolution from 1800 to 1848 important devices such as textile machines and the cot engine were only made possible due to the greasy consistency of oil oil well oil also provided a cheap and effective way to light the developing towns and cities of the united states since this oil proved essential for america transitioned into the first industrial revolution it can be argued that without its whaling industry the united states would have never reached its strengths and influencing today in addition to the importance of whale oil many other oil products added to the wells of the american whaling industry for example the teeth of whales baleen were used in hoop skirts and corsets a rose-tinted waxy substance called ambergris was used in perfumes this helped to associate whale products was the trending feminine fashion the high demand for these whale products resulted in millions of dollars in sales and at its pinnacle sales around 11 million dollars or 370 million dollars today in pursuit of the swells hundreds of american whaling ships sailed from ports ranging from east coast cities in massachusetts the west coast cities in california this fervent hunt for whales resulted in the killing of thousands of dc creatures such as the 8 000 whales killed in 1853 alone this golden age will not last forever however the industry started to decline due to the disruptions of the american civil war the replacement of whale oil the fossil fuels the american whaling industry's impact on african americans during the golden age of american whaling can also not be understated industry was a place that many former african-american slaves flocked to after escaping in the whaling industry they tended to be treated based on skill not race in total an estimated 20 000 former slaves lent themselves to the whale industry these african-americans would not only contribute to the workforce of the but revolutionize it as well an example of this is lewis temple a runaway slave who went on to invent and produce an improved harpoon design that was quickly adopted by fellow whalers in our research of the golden age of american whaling we found two stories that we found to be very interesting so we would like to share these two stories with you one of these stories is the cultural legacy the novel moby dick was originally both a commercial and critical failure due to its portrayal of the harsh realities of wailing life which conflicted with the public's romanticized view of the industry however is now commonly referred to as the grandfather of great american novels providing detailed and accurate descriptions of whale hunting at the time the officer herman melville served as a wheeler several years prior to writing a book and had altered much of it for personal experience the whale featured in the book was based on the real life mocha dick a powerful sperm whale that had taken over a hundred attempts by welders to finally kill it welding also benefited america's relationship with other countries driven by manifest destiny dozens of american whaling ships traveled to japan only to then be turned away due to japan's 220 year old policy of international isolation after rescuing seven shipwrecked japanese sailors american commodore outlook drafted a letter to the emperor japan this letter stated assurance of america's friendly intentions desire of converse agreement and boasted about america's technical achievements commodore perry undertook the expedition to japan with a fleet of four ships although the letter was accepted nothing else transpired determined and returned a year later was an impressive fleet ten ships the crew of 1600 after weeks of negotiation the convention of kanagawa was signed and the two countries began trading their inventions ideas and resources wielders were now allowed to do most of their business around japanese ground thus although during its golden age the american whaling industry may appear gruesome and disturbing due to the many whales that it slaughtered its impact on both culture and society cannot be denied and the industry today still remains a largely unmatched american phenomenon that despite its flaws was instrumental in shaping the country

- Here's What President Trump had to Say About Robert Redford: Kind: captions Language: en your trip to the UK, >> your trip to the UK today. What do you hope to achieve? >> Well, my relationship is very good with the UK. And Charles, as you know, who's now king, is my friend. And it's the first time this has ever happened where somebody was honored twice. So, it's a great honor. And this one's at Windsor. They've never used Windsor Castle for this before. They use Buckingham Palace and I don't want to say one's better than the other, but they say Windsor Castle is the ultimate, right? So, it's going to be nice. But basically, I'm there also on trade. They want to see if they can refine the trade deal a little bit. We made a deal and it's a great deal. And I'm I'm into helping them. Our country is doing very well. We've never done this well. We're making We're having trillions of dollars come in because of the tariffs. They'd like to see if they could get a little bit better deal. So, we'll talk to them, but primarily it's to be with Prince Charles and Camila, the they're the friends of mine for a long time, long before he was king. And it's an honor to have him as king. And, you know, he's I think he represents the country so well. I've watched he's such an elegant gentleman and he represents the country so well. >> After Robert Redford passed away today, did you hear about that? >> Wow. He was he was fairly in his sleep at his home. >> Well, that's a good way to go, I guess. But I'll tell Robert Redford was great. He had a >> he had a series of years that he was there was nobody better. >> This just happened, I guess. Huh. Wow. >> Done. You call in sleep. Yeah. >> Man, what movie would you say you like the best in? >> Well, you have a lot of them, honestly. He made I'd say he made seven or eight great movies. They were really great. There was a period of time when he was the hottest. >> I I thought he was great. Got it.

  Top Comments:
  1. @largervoid1708 [1 likes]: HES GOING TO ENGLAND TO TALK TO PRINCE ANDREW ON HOW TO KEEP IT QUIET ABOUT THE EPSTEIN FILES....
  2. @conniecrawford5231 [1 likes]: Redford made 80 movies and Drum can’t even name one ????
  3. @alibobo2009: 😢 😢 😢  I cannot listen to his foolishness.
  4. @josephmooney7196: RIP Old Sport! 
🙏
  5. @luberdoo1950: A typical Trump response...shallow, inarticulate, and lacking any historical perspective. I'm also betting he just could not recall the names of any of Redford's films. This terrible representation of protoplasm needs to wander off into the sunset and get lost.
  6. @christopherlilly5906: Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid his best, then The Sting - even Mr. Trump praised him
  7. @luisalbertonietoduarte6794: Descanse En Paz Gran Actor Robert Redford. Vivirá Inmortal en sus Películas. Entrevistas. En toda su contribución en el Cine. Extraordinario Actor.
  8. @stevenrobert6992: Trump def never a robert redford movie
  9. @FreeSpiritinLightandLove: If we have trillions of dollars coming in from tariffs then I guess the American people scraped up trillions of dollars because that’s who pays the tariffs when they buy imported products. He did not look well under his eyes.
  10. @Edgar-s3w9c: He hasn't even seen one single movie starring Robert Redford ... 😂
  11. @MidwesternIndependent: Trumpf cannot remember the names of the movies. Memory loss is a bad thing to have.
  12. @wandakatz2260: He was neutral but ok. Surprised
  13. @hdholl9696: "He was the hottest. I think he was great."  An illustration  of the superior powers of analysis and judgment of the president.
  14. @RickSlow: I am more handsome, smarter, richer than Redford.
  15. @jasonmerrill-yv9xo: 🤢
  16. @Newellfilm: Butch Cassidy and the Sundance kid without a doubt, one of the best westerns ever produced. There are so many elements that came together that makes this movie one of the best. Rest in peace Robert Redford.
  17. @conniecrawford5231: DOJ can’t ev n name one Redford fil-appalling dementia on display!
  18. @TheWolfgangfritz: Notice that Trump skirted the question, "which Robert Redford movie did he like best". Probably never watched any of them, Narcissists usually don't watch movie actors get all the attention; they see themselves as the "actors on the world stage" and give little thought to anyone else of note.
  19. @erincasey3203: first time someone was on this flight...does he mean epstein flight?
  20. @paulgerardhosty9909: I’m surprised that Donald didn’t mention All the presidents men 😊

- Woman Claims Missing Daughter Was ‘Tortured For The Drug Adrenochrome’: Kind: captions Language: en My mom has a lot of theories on what happened to Jessie and it seems like every time I talk to her, there's a new theory, there's someone else involved. My mom's theories are, she thinks a cult kidnaps people every full moon to sacrifice them. My investigation has revealed that this is all linked to a ritual. I believe somebody in a cult was drugging my daughter, Jessie, for a year before she went missing. I believe that she was killed June 20, 2016 because it was a full moon and the summer solstice at the same time, and then the next day was the Lilith. Lilith is a holiday that the occult does celebrate, and it requires a human sacrifice. I had a person say to me that if I looked around at the environment and looked at the seasons, I would see a pattern. And as I looked and did more research, realized that it was very specific and that people went missing on very specific days throughout the whole year. My mom thinks everything's connected to other missing persons cases, like it's a big web. A lot of the times, she'll say things like, I know I sound crazy, but. It just started getting too out of control. I believe that Jessie was tortured for the drug adrenochrome. Adrenochrome is a chemical that our body produces when we are extremely fearful or have a lot of distress. It gives you strength, it gives you vitality. And the people that killed Jessie are harvesting that from other people. And when you drink it, it gives you euphoria and power. A gang member who told me later, that he had a video of her death. He told me that Jessie had been killed, that her body had been put into a barrel and set on fire. The police do have a part of that video. I believe that the police are protecting her killer. Okay, so let me see if I understand this right, you believe that there is a cult in the area and that because of the date and time and the seasons and the full moon, that whether that has any significance to anybody else or not, it does to this group. That is correct. I have talked to people that were there when Jessie was murdered. That said that there is that video and that that's the reason that they did do it. = Okay, you say you've talked to people that were there. Correct And have you turned those names over to the police? I have not cause I just recently got those names. Okay. So is it gang members, or is it a cult? It's a cult. But then you were saying that it's gang members as well. There's some people from every walk of life in there. Well I'm saying the theory, I haven't even heard this one before. This is the same theory. Well it's like, I feel like you always have a different one. That's cause you don't come and talk to me at home. There's a video of Jessie's death out running around all over town. They're showing it at parties, they think it's funny. I mean it's very, I had talked to several people. But, if you've so infiltrated this, why has everybody seen it but you? Not everybody's seen it. Very select people. You said it's all over town. It's being shown at parties, Well, yes. Cause they are showing it at parties, so. But yet you haven't seen it? No, I have not seen it myself. Now, the police captain also told us that, We have never had a case involving the drug adrenochrome. We've never even heard of it until Dr. Phil producers brought it to our attention. Now, the gang presence in Wenatchee is currently active but a very low boil. And they say there is no cult presence in Wenatchee area whatsoever.

  Top Comments:
  1. @luvbeinghiswife1148 [3 likes]: Dr Phil was the wrong person to go to in this case, he's Hollywood, he's one of THEM. 
I believe this lady and I am so sorry she lost her precious daughter 🕊️
  2. @thomas.861 [3 likes]: I wonder if everyone still thinks this lady is crazy in februari 2026.
  3. @qetiq8261 [2 likes]: Yeah, she was right
  4. @rwited9250 [2 likes]: dr phil are you acting like you've never partaken in this ???? who are u mocking exactly ????
  5. @j.tmarcil5774 [2 likes]: There's alot going on here more than people know.
  6. @MayaMaya-sj1xs [1 likes]: She was right all along
  7. @Whowantstoknow-incognegro [1 likes]: It is sad how long we have known this stuff and been ignored and called insane
  8. @Abbaswoman [1 likes]: God's coming for them and those who do wrong to others willfully
  9. @katungatu09 [1 likes]: This is it
  10. @GODisUndefeated: Dr. Phil is a mean ole Reptilian.
  11. @kafirkafiri4394: After epstien file all the theories regarding the cult evil worship seem to be true this is today world reality and i think we are ruled by satanic forces all along.
  12. @theninalady: She is speaking truth
  13. @jasminspepperpot8888: Wasn't Dr. Phil on the flight log?
  14. @jasminspepperpot8888: The daughter is the naive one.
  15. @timzstr: Funny when the daughter is younger acting like she has more knowledge of life lol she must be a actor
  16. @timzstr: This is a conspiracy theory
  17. @veeniey: We know who you are Dr Phil.
  18. @cripplermaximus: Grief is making her crazy
  19. @KantolanceDragonenthusiast: I am
  20. @YerriLoks: Daughter needs to go clearly daughter blind

- Inside The BLACK HAMPTONS...Real Estate EXCLUSIVE: Kind: captions Language: en In 1947, a Brooklyn teacher bought 64 acres of Hampton's beachfront for pocket change, only because white banks wouldn't let black families near the water. Fast forward to today, and those same modest cottages are selling for seven and eight figures, with some even topping $7.75 million. Welcome to the Black Hamptons, where families who were locked out of wealth are now sitting on some of the most valuable real estate on the eastern seabboard. Stick around because these stories of Azerest, Sag Harbor Hills, and Ninevea Beach are absolutely wild. Azerest, where it all started. Let's go back to 1947 because that's when this whole thing kicks off. And honestly, the origin story alone is worth the price of admission. A Brooklyn school teacher named Ma Terry, who went by Hunter, bought a 64 acre tract of land in Sag Harbor with her architect's sister, Amazed. They weren't just buying property for themselves. They were building something revolutionary. The first blackowned beach community in the Hamptons. And they did it at a time when Jim Crow wasn't just a southern problem. It was very much alive in New York. Quietly, but effectively, keeping black families off white beaches and out of vacation towns that didn't want them. Terry and Meredith subdivided that land and started selling lots to middle-class black professionals for about $1,000 each. That's doctors, lawyers, teachers, artists, people who had money and education but couldn't get a mortgage from a white bank to save their lives. So, the Azurist founders basically became the bank. They marketed directly to black buyers, kept the lot small and affordable, and watched as families started building modest postwar cottages along the bay. But here's the thing that gets me. Azerist wasn't trying to compete with [clears throat] the fancy Hampton's estates down the road. It wasn't about ego or status. It was about access. Black families just wanted a safe place to spend the summer, swim in the water, let their kids run around without worrying about being harassed or turned away. And Azerest gave them that. It became this refuge, this little pocket of freedom where you could breathe and just exist without constantly navigating racism. And the guest list absolutely stacked. We're talking Lena Horn, Harry Bellafonte, Duke Ellington, Tuskegee airmen like Rosco C. Brown Jr., civil rights lawyers, ambassadors, people who were shaping American culture and policy, all gathering in this quiet Bayside neighborhood to relax and connect. Azerest became more than just a summer retreat. It became a cultural hub, a place where black excellence congregated and thrived. Fast forward to today, and Azureest is still here. about a hundred cottages tucked along the bay, still overwhelmingly owned by black families, many of them third generation now. And here's where the story gets complicated in that way that real estate stories always do when money enters the chat. Sag Harbor's median household income is sitting around $154,000, which sounds nice until you realize the median home value is $1.52 million. Yeah, million with an M. And we're not talking sprawling estates here. The typical house in the Sands communities, that's Sag Harbor, Azurest, Ninevea, and Sag Harbor Hills combined, is barely 1,400 square ft. These are modest mid-century cottages sitting on land that's now worth an absolute fortune. A similar bayfront property in the area recently sold for $7.75 million. Let that sink in. 7 7 5 million for a house in a neighborhood that was specifically created because black people couldn't afford or weren't allowed to buy anywhere else. Now, here's where it gets tense. Starting in the 2000s, outside developers started circling Azureest like sharks smelling blood in the water. They began flooding the community with offers. big money, knock it down and build a McMansion kind of offers. And for families who bought lots for $1,000 back in the 40s and 50s or inherited them from parents and grandparents, those offers are tempting. We're talking life-changing money. But selling means losing the community. It means letting go of a piece of history that can't be recreated. And a lot of Azureest residents looked at those offers and said no. They organized. They fought back. And in 2019, the SAN's historic district, which includes Azurist, was placed on the National Register of Historic Places. That's a big deal. [music] It's recognition, protection, a shield against developers who want to erase the neighborhood's character and replace it with generic luxury. But let's face the brutal reality. Historic designation doesn't stop property taxes from climbing. It doesn't stop speculators from making offers. And it doesn't help the younger generations who want to inherit their family's cottage but can't afford the tax bill that comes with owning a million-doll property on a median income. Local reports say current Azurus properties won't sell for less than the mid $800,000. And most are going for well over a million. That's generational wealth, no question. Families who held on to land for 70 plus years are sitting on assets that have appreciated thousands of percent. But it's also trapped wealth for a lot of people. You can't access the equity without selling. And selling means losing the family home, the summer memories, the connections to a community that was built specifically for you when no one else would let you in. One longtime resident put it perfectly. We weathered the storm. And they did. But the storm isn't over. It's just changing shape. If Azerest is where the dream started, Sag Harbor Hills is where that dream hit its stride and where the money is now flowing so fast it's almost hard to keep up. Sag Harbor Hills, where legacy meets luxury. Sag Harbor Hills came next, platted around 1950 to 1952, right on the heels of Azeres success. Same developers, same vision, and same problem of white banks still refusing to lend to black buyers. So the Azurist syndicate, the organization managing these communities, stepped in again and provided mortgages directly. They laid out streets, maintained roads, secured private beach access, and basically built the infrastructure that made Sag Harbor Hills livable. And they did something really beautiful with the street names. They named them after African-Amean whailing pioneers and local black leaders. Paul Cuffy Drive, streets honoring the heritage that had been written out of mainstream Hampton's history. By the early 1960s, Sag Harbor Hills was filling up with families from Harlem, Brooklyn, and other urban centers who wanted that same safe summer escape. The houses were modest. Mid-century modern cottages, nothing flashy, but they were theirs, and that ownership mattered. These families were building equity, building community, building a legacy for their kids. Sag Harbor Hills also did something economically significant that doesn't get talked about enough. It helped save Sag Harbor's economy. After the whailing and ship building industries collapsed, the town was struggling. And then these black communities started generating tax revenue, supporting local businesses, keeping the village viable. It's one of those historical ironies. [music] Black families who were excluded from the broader Hampton's economy ended up propping up a town that didn't initially want them. But let's talk about what Sag Harbor Hills looks like today because the transformation is staggering. In 2017, a Bayfront house in Sag Harbor Hills sold for $7.75 million. The seller was B. Smith, legendary restaurant tour, TV host, style icon, who had filmed cooking segments there with guests like Oprah Winfrey and Artha Franklin stopping by. That sale shattered every prior record in the subdivision. It more than doubled previous sales. And brokers immediately said, "That's it. That's the new floor. You won't find anything in Sag Harbor Hills for less than $850,000 now." They were right. The typical Sag Harbor home is now valued around $2.16 million and the median listing price is over $3 million. Not sold price, listing price. That means sellers are confidently asking 3 million plus and expecting to get it. Here's where things get messy. Investors started flooding in. People with too much money and not enough respect for what Sag Harbors actually represents. They're buying up lots, combining parcels, tearing down the original cottages, and erecting multi,000 foot mansions that completely dwarf everything around them. It's the McMansion problem on steroids, and it's fundamentally altering the character of the neighborhood. CBS News did a piece on this, and the frustration from longtime residents is palpable. One local activist warned that without strict protections, you could see unlimited demolition of 300 plus homes, basically the complete eraser of the community's historic fabric. And the financial pressure is real. Property taxes are climbing. Maintenance costs are rising. Insurance is getting more expensive. Families who've been there for decades are being squeezed out, not by force, but by [music] economics. In response, local officials have been debating strict overlay rules and historic preservation measures. Surveys claim that 95% of San's residents support protections to maintain the village's character. That's an overwhelming mandate. But implementing those rules is a political fight, [music] and not everyone wants their property rights restricted, even if it means preserving history. Now, let's zoom out for a second and talk about the wealth dynamics here because they're genuinely mind-blowing. around $154,000. That's solid upper middle class money, especially outside of New York City. But the median home value is $1.52 million. That creates this weird tension where even high earners can't comfortably afford to buy into the market. You're talking about needing a 20% down payment, over $300,000 just to get in the door, plus mortgage payments that would stretch most six-f figureure incomes. Meanwhile, the original Sag Harbor Hills cottages average around 1,400 square ft. You're paying multi-million dollar prices for what is objectively a small house, but you're not paying for square footage. You're paying for location, bayfront access, private beach rights, proximity to Sag Harbor's marinas, restaurants, culture, the cache of saying you own property in the Hamptons. For the families who bought in during the ' 50s,60s, or 70s, this is generational wealth on a scale they probably never imagined. A lot of these folks are retired now and their homes, which they bought for maybe $10,000 or $15,000, are worth 200 times that amount. Their retirement nest eggs have ballooned into multi-million dollar assets. But for the younger generations trying to inherit those homes, it's brutal. Estate taxes, property taxes, maintenance costs, it all adds up. Some families are being forced to sell because they literally can't afford to keep the house even though it's worth millions on paper. And yet, despite all the pressure, despite the gentrification fears and the McMansion creep, Sag Harbor Hills is still drawing people in. The legacy matters. The history matters. Being part of one of the last remaining historically black beach communities in the nation is worth something that can't be quantified on a spreadsheet. Families are holding on. New professionals, often children or grandchildren of original residents, are buying in, determined to keep the community alive. The private beach access, the summer social scene, the fish fries and block parties, it's all still happening. Sag Harbor Hills isn't just surviving, it's thriving, even as it's changing. And that tension between preservation and evolution is what makes it so compelling. But if you think Sag Harbor Hills is exclusive, wait until you see what's happening in Nineveh Beach because this is where the story gets really intimate, really personal, and honestly, really emotional. Ninevea Beach, the last stand. Ninevea Beach is the quietest of the three, the smallest, the one that flies most under the radar. And maybe that's exactly why it matters so much. Nineveh was the third Sands development begun around 1952 just as Sag Harbor Hills was filling up. It's a collection of modest bayside bungalows tucked into a quiet corner of Sag Harbor Bay. And like its sister communities, it was created out of necessity. Black families couldn't buy anywhere else, so they built their own enclave. The Azurist Syndicate provided mortgages, laid out roads, maintained the only beach access paths. The Ninevea Beach Association managed a small private beach and boat moings for members. The streets were named after black veterans and Sag Harbor whalers, another nod to the erased history of black contributions to the region's economy and culture. By the late 1960s, Nineveh had evolved from a summer retreat into something deeper. Some families lived there year round. The neighborhood had its own church, its own social gatherings, its own rhythms. It wasn't just a place to vacation. It was home. Today, Ninevea Beach remains lower density and more residential than the areas around it. It's not flashy. There's no commercial district, no nightlife scene. It's just families, water, and quiet. But quiet doesn't mean safe from development pressure. If anything, Nineveh might be more vulnerable because it's smaller and less visible. Here's the preservation fight in a nutshell. The entire SANS area, including Nineveh, is on the National Register of Historic Places as of 2019. That's federal recognition, which is great for raising awareness and maybe unlocking some grant funding, but it doesn't provide local protection. It doesn't stop tearowns. It doesn't prevent lot mergers. And that's where the real threat lives. One local activist laid it out plainly. Without strict historic district rules at the village level, you're looking at unlimited demolition of 300 plus homes. Developers can swoop in, buy up adjacent lots, tear down the cottages, and build something massive and modern that has nothing to do with Ninevea's history or character. And once that starts happening at scale, you can't put the toothpaste back in the tube. Efforts are underway to designate Nineveh along with Azurest and Sag Harbor Hills as a local historic district with real teeth. Village reports claim over 95% of SN's homeowners support these measures. That's not a slim majority. That's near unonymity. People want to protect what they have even as they're being tempted by offers that could change their lives. Because let's be clear, the money being thrown around is obscene. Sag Harbor's median listing price is now over $3 million. Three million. For context, the median home price in the United States is around $400,000. Sag Harbor is more than 7 times that. And Ninevea's cottages, many of them under 1,500 ft, built in the 50s and 60s with basic materials, are sitting on lots worth multiple millions because of one thing, location. waterfront, bay access, deed beach rights, private moorings. In the Hamptons, that's liquid gold. Preservation Long Island has been sounding the alarm, warning that original Sands homes are demolished so their lots can be merged to build larger, more exclusive luxury properties affordable only to the wealthiest of buyers. Translation: The people moving in aren't the descendants of the families who built Nineveh. their hedge fund managers, tech executives, finance bros looking for a second or third home. And here's the painful irony. The same exclusion that created Nineveh Beach in the first place, the racism that forced black families to build their own community because they weren't welcome elsewhere, is now being replicated in reverse. The wealth required to buy into Nineveh today is so extreme that even successful black professionals are being priced out. But despite all of that, despite the pressure and the money and the existential threat, Nineveh Beach is still here. The families who've been coming back every summer for [music] 50, 60, 70 years are still showing up. The fish fries are still happening. The block parties on the sand, the family reunions, the kids splashing in the bay while grandparents watch from beach chairs. It's all still alive. For the descendants who still live or vacation in Nineveh, this place is a living link to a dream that seemed impossible in 1952. Owning waterfront property, building equity, creating a legacy, giving your kids and grandkids a place to come back to. And they're fighting like hell to protect it even as the market tries to swallow them whole. Sag Harbor Village has a population of about 2,450 people and only 3 to 5% of them are black. The rest are mostly white New Yorkers with Hampton's money. Old money, new money, finance money, real estate money. Ninevea Beach is one of the last remaining blackowned pockets in a market that has drawn global investors, celebrities, billionaires. The median household income in Sag Harbor is around $154,000, which again sounds great until you remember that homes are listed at $3 million. You can't bridge that gap with a salary. You need generational wealth. You need assets. You need to have bought in decades ago. Or you need someone in your family who did. And that's what makes Ninevea Beach so significant. The few dozen families who still own property there are sitting on multi-million dollar land. But for most of them, it's not an investment portfolio. It's not a retirement fund they plan to liquidate. It's family. It's history. It's the place where their parents or grandparents were finally able to own something when the rest of the world told them no. That emotional value doesn't show up on a Zillow listing, but it's real [music] and it's powerful and it's the reason people are still fighting to stay even when the financial logic says they should sell. Nineveh Beach represents something bigger than real estate or wealth metrics. It's a testament to resilience, to the lengths black families went to create spaces for themselves when exclusion was the default. And it's a reminder that generational wealth isn't just about money. It's about roots, identity, and the right to exist in spaces that were never meant for you. The mid 20th century dream of a black Hampton's wasn't about competing with white wealth. It was about carving out a corner of the world where black families could be safe, free, and unapologetically themselves. Azerest, Sag Harbor Hills, and Ninevea Beach did exactly that. [music] They built something that lasted, something that mattered, something worth protecting. And as land values skyrocket and developers circle and the market churns, the families still holding on are making a choice. Wealth isn't just what you own, it's what you refuse to let go of. And these were the three historic black neighborhoods of the Black Hamptons. Which one of these stories fascinated you the most? Let us know in the comments.

  Top Comments:
  1. @opalbeach9626 [16 likes]: Economics is a force!!.  No more land is being made.  Keep your land, it's been in the family for generations.  You should not give people everything they want.
  2. @kismetbridgeforth9131 [9 likes]: Equity can be accessed thru refinancing or equity lines of credit, selling isn't the only way as mentioned herein.
  3. @lab5896 [7 likes]: Oprah told us that “God isn’t making any more water front land.”  I consider myself a professional with a decent income. But, I always thought “Sag Harbor” was a clothing manufacturer. Been to Martha’s Vineyard. Never heard of the other two places or the place in Maryland until Sunni Hostin  wrote a book about it. So, let’s face reality. Most of my brothers/sisters never heard of these places, have no friends there, and cannot afford to go if a rental was available.  This sounds like “rich black people” problems to me. I appreciate the history however, like everything else, white developers want it and taxes/upkeep are pricing the average black person out.  So sad that “we” cannot have anything forever.  It is just a matter of time before it turns white as the older generation dies out and the younger generation sells..🤔
  4. @cfgrain [4 likes]: Black generational wealth should be intellectual capital as well as land and financial capital. Keep rising and open doors for others!
  5. @RacksManny [3 likes]: Peoples going to stop buying house they going to buy their property and building them self and own thei r property.
  6. @BlackStatusHQ [2 likes]: Take your seat at the table. Join the Black Status inner circle for exclusive perks, badges, and early video drops: https://bit.ly/member-BlackStatus
  7. @JeffreyChewning [2 likes]: They are always trying to find ways to force out black communities no matter where we at! We have to protect what's rightfully ours! No more
  8. @A1OFFICIALSLLC [2 likes]: 💝💝💝💝
  9. @kyrkwalters964 [1 likes]: This is amazing videos...I definitely ❤❤❤❤❤this
  10. @newmove7068 [1 likes]: I would love to visit, I hope they don't sell.  It sounds so cozy & nice, a little cottage by the sea.. hanging linenson the line to dryin the summer sun south the hint of the sea's breeze, sitting on the porch sipping on fresh batch lemonade or churning ice creamas the sun sets over the bay... sounds really nice. I would love to visit
  11. @RacksManny [1 likes]: Go into your own neighborhood and leave blacks along white are so greedy stop trying to take everything from folk all going to crash down white never get enough im so proud of them b.f hold on to what you'll has they always trying to push blacks folk as if someone died and appointed them in charge 😮
  12. @KunleSpark [1 likes]: Thank you for the video, I am a black sculptural gemstone artist.  I like these places but the houses are a bit small for me unless I am allowed to purchase multiple plots and build what appeals to me.  I maybe considered one of the 1% but I am a nice guy to have in the neighborhood😎🇳🇬🇳🇬🇳🇬
  13. @LogoSecretVvs: …🤳🏾”
  14. @jerrysimmons6436: PAYUrTAX S

- Sag Harbor Video Documentary: Kind: captions Language: en sad Harbor was a very special place this was just forest there was nothing here before blacks moved here this neighborhood was founded by professionals for african-american professionals who came out for the summer it was an escape from all the chaos and confusion that was rampant in America at the time and for successful African Americans to come out here and feel comfortable this was an oasis it was your typical resort town except we were all black the narrow black folks just partying and listening to music and sunning and I go wow that was magical coming out here for 30 years of my life I've just seen how the neighborhood's change in recent years it has changed because America's changed you want to sell money's money you want to get the best ice bitter they don't care what color you are they just want to sound like people are looking to buy everywhere why not here it's a great community some of the people have made decision that you know what you know the money is more important granted we all need money we also need our own little home living here in San Harbor if you don't fight for what you believe you'll lose everything you have Sag Harbor this is my spot this is my place my name is Bill Pickens and we're in Sag Harbor at my homestead called the red house in 1950 I stepped foot in this house and I was 13 years old this is about the tenth or twelfth home in the entire community at that time they were all dirt roads then my parents came out because my dad was a New York lawyer and he loved boating and he told this water he said that's for me and my brother and I came out and in lieu of camp this is where we came we integrate sod the attraction was we could own it we could use it we could look forward to the future for our families and grandchildren to come out you Sag Harbor was actually a whaling town is one of the first ports in New York but eventually in the 40s and 50s blacks started coming out here and building very small cottages they opened it up to African Americans because they couldn't sell it to anybody else there were places they were not allowed to go and when they found sort of their niche here in Sag Harbor well that was great because they were allowed to come here they weren't going to be discriminated against here so African American families told their friends and so the word went out that boy come out here and you can buy 10,000 square foot piece of land for you know modest amount of money when they saw this they said oh gosh this is gonna be great that was a pretty significant that african-americans could own waterfront in America basically the folks who settled out here were from Brooklyn Jersey and a few people from Philadelphia and the next thing you know bang bang whole block would be purchased and houses began to be built so it's spread and it was all african-americans and we had a great time celebrities came out here for instance in 1952 Langston Hughes came out here he would come out and read poetry Lena Horne came out Harry Belafonte built the home for his family just up the road Duke Ellington came out rented a home down here Colin Powell lived across the road Colin's been coming out here since he was 12 or 13 this place has attracted a lot of interesting people and for successful African Americans to come out here feel comfortable to be able to let their hair down to summer this was an oasis the Hamptons is an enclave of Long Island it's a place where people have come for years to get away from New York City but you still have a sophisticated eclectic diverse crowd of people the Hamptons has always been pretty much an exclusive area it's for the millionaires famous people lived here at Calvin Klein Ralph Lauren Billy Joel sort of our Beverly Hills when people think Hamptons they think East Hampton and stuff you see on TV people forget Sag Harbor actually is in the center of it all Sag Harbor sits on the base sauce you've got the town of Sag Harbor you've got the Main Street and then there's african-american communities around that you have as your rest and then you have Sag Harbor Hills and then you have Nineveh we have sort of a wone Long Beach that connects all of the communities in these communities they're very accomplished african-americans they're educators they're doctors they're writers they're artists it's really a creme de la creme of the community good boy that's right I'm B Smith and I'm Dan Gatsby how do we meet well I was in the restaurant business and this tall dark and handsome man came in oh who was that you must have got another customer we came here because we wanted a second home I didn't know this existed I mean I'm from Brooklyn I mean you know our idea of the summer was you sleep on a pallet cause it's hot that was summer so to come out here it's and there were black folks just partying and listening to music and sunning that was what I always dreamed I wanted to live like my name is Michelle Arrington and I'm from Brooklyn New York I started coming out here I think I was 12 years old this house was built in 1978 my dad said let's do a simple design I want something modern I want something airy this became sort of the landmark house my parents came here because they wanted something else for us so 37 years ago we built the house here and we thought it would be a good place for the children to grow up because we wanted them to feel comfortable in their own skin to feel proud of who they are they wanted us to you know beat an environment where we could be safe where we could play with other kids who are like us I'm Judea Elmore black I am a certified sommelier I'd like to dispel the myth of all the Hansons being just uber rich I mean we're not booger rich we're very comfortable I have two daughters Danielle and Nicole they're 15 and 11 so one of the main reasons I chose to live in this neighborhood is the proximity to the Sag Harbor community where there is a good concentration of african-american people from a dating standpoint you know want them to have the option to at least know some black guys I just don't want them to not be able to marry a black guy by default just because there are no black guys around you know I do kind of feel like it's now or never to get them into this place where they could be comfortable with their culture it was all african-american from the get-go but in recent years it has changed because America has changed and whites are moving in at some pace miss the camaraderie that I had here when everybody was same so to speak it was you know all black families and all black kids this is now you know 2014 people are mixing and melting and and that part of it I do like our coming down Hempstead and we're gonna turn into a dress I've been coming out my entire life literally since I was in the womb the property value has risen to the point now where this is a good bargain people come in and buy when I was growing up here the only boat she really saw out there were the occasional Claymore scallop er and now as you can see multi-million dollar yachts they found us we were hiding we had our own little shangri-la and now they're here so in time I'm sure with that kind of pressure economic things will change and we could sell it off but what it's gone we wish we did that I can guarantee when I first visited Sag Harbor I'd liked the fact that it was a small town I liked the fact that people would nod their head at you or say hello to you as you're walking down the street Sag Harbor was for some people an opportunity to live the good life and be able to get away so that they could recharge their batteries that's what you do out here as much as I love the house and I love being here I love being able to look out and seeing this and so this beach and this community has a certain social significance to me because I've been there I remember being denied the opportunity to go to a party a colonial Country Club I remember not being able to get into the New York Athletic Club and that's why I bought here cuz I never wanted my kids to have to worry about walking someplace where somebody's gonna tell them they didn't belong these three communities address Sag Harbor Hills and then over now part of the Hamptons suddenly become a commodity the thing I fear the most is that one day by just economic circumstances young black kids may not be able to walk down this Beach and feel that they own a part of it and they lose their history that's what I fear that that will be lost we went to the fish fry over at the Eastfield Historical Society is an amazing gathering of the elders of the community with the kids in elementary school they're lovely yeah and they are in the camp program that we have here it's important for young people to know that there's lineage and at this history and that there's continuity you have some remarkable people over the past thirty years who've attended dock can I ask you a question yeah I mean you're a hundred and two years old we can round up one third day twelfth year what was it like being out here how many years sixty years and I came from Holland can you imagine coming from Harlem and then will the bustling crowd coming into this quiet beautiful greens but a lot of friendly people growing I didn't know anything like this existed it harkens back to a time when it was a small town and you know the matriarch or the patriarch you know goes I know your father I know your father's father and your father's father was my friend and you know there's nothing like a good poet flower in a crane at wall I only here in my hand little flower but if I knew what they are all in all I would know what God and man is you're like Yoda to a mouse to it you take my breath away you seem to take my breath away you know I was asking dead some real estate stuff and trying to find out what we can do with this property of the street that I want to investigate my father is a real estate broker he started out in Brooklyn back in the 60s people knew you know Earl Arrington is in the business of real estate he can help us out I am trying to follow in my dad's footsteps my father has been perhaps my biggest advocate he has been not just my father but my teacher and my mentor I like to think he's a bit of a visionary in some ways I mean even though he's in a rehab center and he's in the late stages of Parkinson's disease I still pick up the phone and I call him and I say dad I'm thinking about doing this or I heard about this how do I do that because that knowledge and insight about real estate is something you gather over a course of years what about that one that looks kind of cool let's do that with the Carnival in Sag Harbor comes the first weekend in August and has been that way I don't know probably before I even started coming out here at 12 hold on the pan you ready to rocket it's funny now as a parent to take my daughter to the same sides that I rode on and to see the excitement in her face one of the things that you see in this particular community are the moms and dads are still together the family unit is very intact here it's a very important part of creating that stability for the next generation that's the common chord of all of the families out here you know what to put the bar over there and you know switch it off like maybe move that more over where the other seating is we're biting people from the Sag Harbor community over for our brunch and wine tasting and cocktails let's see how many we have we have just enough for the roundtable then the bar needs some flowers just doing a little informal past brunchy hors d'oeuvres and wines that are paired with the hors d'oeuvres let's see oh yeah these do the Bordeaux's it was a really great vintage and then I have some Italian ones this is kind of like my debut to Sag Harbor oh I'm really nervous that if it goes wrong I don't get another chance how are you ladies how you doing my husband's family is he's actually there from Bermuda but he's giving me permission well I'd like to move to our like Myrtle Beach so sad car but you don't want to come said oh I'm sure he I mean why would you want to get away from the Texas oh my god no all I know is I need a pool in the back but you can have that yeah it might be a challenge for me to convince my cut husband to go out this way instead of go that way you know what think about it come take a drive around take a look see see get it you know come over to our house okay honest he ought to get you in for me X please you know it's a fun thing the wine peace I always like to start with the food and then I picked the woman he doesn't go yeah because when people want variety and but they want to learn also I was in the restaurant business and it was always important to really please the people who came in and then they always came back and if they want to tell other people we had this fabulous smell and the wine is wonderful I'm so happy that you're here you really would know a model for me in more ways than one nice to have you with us you know what we all have had somebody before us who helped us to get to where we are today I'd like to talk to you some more about ok we should was really great to have B Smith here and have a chance to spend some time with her I feel like we formed a deeper bond today that I like to continue you can all go to events where we know everyone all the time but it's really fun when you can make a new friend I'm happy I feel like success Bishop come on in boy for Bishop we've got people coming how are you Candice creepy thank you for having us we have a lovely young couple just married recent guy named Hank I call him the gangster and his lovely wife Candice hello who's that and then a dear friend of ours Ron who's like a brother to me and so it's gonna be the six of us and we're gonna have a we're gonna have a good time see you guys since the wedding love everything I got I didn't tell Ron you guys will come in you - no but you got you know each other blacks in the Hamptons only about a few runs after here you know here sweeties working on a little cocktail we're gonna make this like a martini we're gonna call this a hardrock martini it's a party we don't get to do this every day thank you you guys go ahead go ahead I'm so glad that we have all of you here we're happy to be here you look beautiful oh this is amazing dig in thank you we know you we know you we didn't know you know them we didn't know them no you and at the same time being successful and being african-american we all share a common bond we live in the best of times and we live in most challenges of time that goes back to even living here in San Harbor it has change you know we came out here Memorial Day and it looked different yeah and you know it in some ways it's good to show that growth the progression for there was in some ways a sad if you don't fight for what you believe you'll lose everything you have I think today what I want to do is see what's out there I'm a real estate salesperson now in Brooklyn I am also an owner and I rent my property here in Sag Harbor I mean maybe when we're out today we might bump into people who are potentially interested in selling okay cool we got a plan yep I realized there are families that are looking to have the experience I guess that I had as a kid and so I thought well gee my dad's doing it out here I should just do the same thing there's what I have in mind your dad originally sold this so that's whole lot look at all the for sale signs over here I think in terms of real estate here in Sag Harbor many of the homes have been passed down from grandparents to parents to children and what has happened in that transfer is some of the children didn't come out here and so the properties had been paid for in full but they're not in the homes and so the homes have become rundown it's not about the house it's not about the cottage that was built in 1950s it's about the land it's about location location location you're close to the beach you're 10 minute walk to the town you're 15 minutes to the ocean so there's a demand for my hope at the broker is to obtain those properties and be able to sell them this was a fun house as a party house they were from Brooklyn originally they knew my dad when he had his office I mean I know there's some issues with it that Moss and newspapers nobody's been here peek in there like even doorknob and I remember this house this was like the hangout hat this is for my sister's group you know that's kind of sad to see this house in this condition you want to think we're going on the side this is how it is so it's four bedrooms two baths that's what people are looking for I mean it would be nice to get a family in here oh this is a good one this area has always been a community-based area that's the way the homes constructed they're more cottages and big homes they're not you know 40 acre farms you're away from anyone no matter what you do it's designed so that you could ride your bike up and down the street and pick up the local kids or go to someone's pool and enjoy those experiences this was like the spooky house I think a little bit when we were kids because it's an old house I mean no one's been over here and yes the house is probably not as valuable as the land definitely not me it's a teardown but if we could track down the owner then somebody's paying property tax on it gotta be things change people change time changes and so this community is going to change as a result that's just the the ebb and flow of life I think that's a good one cuz it's been sitting for so long I would love for this neighborhood to stay the same and when I say stay the same I don't mean necessarily all black I mean community so we're very lucky that they let us have a pool it's quite small but it's there nevertheless we just moved in this summer so we haven't been here a full summer season yet well it's not finished so here is Janice's house the woman we bought the land from so this was a piece of land it was in her family forever and this is obviously the best part of this house because we get to wake up every day to this and you can't beat it waking up here in the morning I think that's the best part of it all we didn't have this for years right and we found this and we were like this is unbelievable it's an african-american community you didn't know even when you after you bought the land you did not know he did not he owned this land and did not know I was like I don't Camilla are we allowed to be here it was weird for the first time to feel like oh my god are we gonna be accepted as like the reverse situation and some people have said like oh I don't think they'll sell it to somebody who's white and I'm I don't believe that I can't imagine that but maybe who knows but we didn't have any issue a great relationship with the woman who sold the house to us when you want to sell money's money you want to get the best eyes thinner they don't care what color you are they just want to sell it when I grew up here this is all dirt roads my family it won't point on this entire corner so this is my grandma's house and then we got older my parents built the house next door but this was it this was kind of affectionately known as Weber's corner it's up to me now my grandmother she can't manage it on her own so it's been passed on to me just by virtue of bunion on my grandmother you know you know being 101 years old we are in a transition of from one generation to another it's grandma's house all our tchotchkes are here hats up me and Grandma this is the struggle but the dilemma as the generations move forward you acquire these properties and then you have to ask yourself how important is this property to you that's really the dilemma does it have enough significance to maintain and keep it and in my particular case you know I'm not some private equity guy I'm just a hard-working sales executive and I'm out there trying to do my best so to keep a property like this is the struggle I've made that determination in my life but this property is to stay in our family I'll fight tooth and nail would keep what made you bring two both sigh poverty I've been voting out here my whole life I got it from a dead your daddy was inside Harper's my daddy's my daddy go now you this fault so weird here is my piece of paradise it's just my little slice my god his father was good baby I hope I get a little piece and this is it I still have all my friends that I grew up with here it's almost our grandfathers hung out okay our fathers hung out and now we hang it Lord hear our prayer what's going back that goes back to the dirt roads remember riding your bike down hills that's how we learn how to ride bike add a little huffy I could not get away from that doll I hated it is changing because we built a great community and that's why they want to buy it they're not trying to buy into the community to try to buy property we're not sitting here saying we we don't like white people you know we got to protect our own what we're saying is we like people that think like us and it don't matter what you are cuz if you're just looking at this as an asset then yet you sell to the highest bidder but if it means something more to you the consequences of that may mean that you can't treat it like an asset my family built that house in 1947 Wow it's never gonna go in here it's gonna get handed down generation to generation generation I may reach that point sometime in life if I get home you know I if something happens to me and I need money part of the interview process if I ever had to sell would be about making sure that whoever's coming in wants to be a part of the community their friends around the table or worth three generations deep yeah that's special starting the fourth this is our place we're all gonna be here because we're not selling out we'll die together here we go fire up this baby over here Cygnet we are here on the weekends hot room I was up on I just surfing the web sites just looked at the pictures of the house the proximity to the beach and it was in our price point and I was like I think I found our beach house there literally that day we were at the house we saw the beach and Kim was like I love it I was sold she's over listen here you go John Carrington and his wife lived next door to us and they have their daughters and sons that come out yeah and their grandkids run into a couple of weekends a year your house next door you built in what year we put that house in 1967 okay if you were a black family in the what the 50s and 60s and you wanted to build a beach house for your family this is where you would have gone you went many places where you could buy there were some restrictions there was no restriction on this this house had been on the market for a while I think the way it was decorated it still felt like 1972 in here with green shag carpeting and everything people couldn't overlook couldn't see the possibilities of the house yeah well thank always a charming place yeah we're now living in a different kind of world where you'll find people who come from all over the world we're allowed to live in this neighborhood because it is a traditionally african-american neighborhood and Anthony is African because he's from South Africa it's right born and raised yeah we're very glad to have both of you guys our neighbor thank you we participate in the neighborhoods we we tell our friends about the neighborhood but we don't go out there advertising because we actually like the way the neighborhood is now we really don't want fences and walls up between everybody and and having these perfect little Gardens and stuff like that we like the way this is it's just a sister there's nothing on steroids years were a human I wanna be teaching John Appetit what do you know about the history of this neighborhood it was a man by the name of Lynch I think who bought this whole area in here for about $25,000 Wow when was that that was back in nineteen in the 1940s and a lot like this would cost you about five hundred dollars wait is that how much you bought your lap for Wow Cheers just this took too long to happen this couple I believe is interested in selling nice lot is very nice but they be in the rain that might be in the ridge this is beachfront right here oh yes beautiful views it's a little nostalgic for me because I know all of these houses oh I bet I know all the people who live in them I don't know the addresses but I know the family a lot of history here and a lot of friendships that have been forged Michele is phenomenal she's sincere in her commitment to seeing us along this journey I have the 13 year old in the 10 year old mm-hmm they can actually walk to town themselves exact I want to make sure we act and do this while our kids are still young I think that there's a community feel here of African Americans that they need to be a part of the kids kind of do this house hopping and it frees up at least one parent so one parents watching all the kids one day and the other parents are out having cocktails at night yes I like that okay okay you'll have great friendships I think Lori and her family are wonderful candidates for this community because they have young children yeah this is a community of families you know where everything sort of revolves around the children and and the parents and this social component to it that is open to everyone people who are looking for that would love to live here at the end of the day I think that that's what Sag Harbor provides that is ripped so such type of seasoning is that the red house is just an oasis of relaxation hi dad just brought me a movie you got from whim tonight this is the celebration of the end of the season young people go back to school families get together for sort of the last hurrah the summer okay Tim that's right my brother good to see you yeah look you're three years older me but you got more hair in a few days I'm 78 years old understand either way I'm still standing beautiful thing well we have some movies my father took eight millimeter pictures and stored away so that his children and grandchildren could someday see what Sag Harbor was back in its early days oh wow salting the sand wow that's a great family phone bottoms up it's wonderful for young people to see these pictures because it represents their history through their families and what they were able to do in the 40s and 50s against some great odds in this society so I think it gets a very fine vision of the depth and commitment of their parents and grandparents to ensuring that Sag Harbor Hills would live today this is a love story we love sank Harbor when I see young african-american boys and girls little kids running on the beach playing they're not in the projects they're not thinking about whether or not they've got to duck and run because they hear gunshots makes me feel proud to know that we have a piece of this dream call America and I'm proud of that I'm proud of that Harbor this place represents freedom it represents not having to compromise or having to second-guess that's what this place represents to me and I'll do whatever I have to do to keep it I'm fine with anyone moving to this a bird you can move wherever but as long as you encompass yourself into the community my hope is that people also will come in and be a part of what's what's happened here over the years their kids will play with our kids you know it will be an intermingling the culture here is family oriented to enrich our souls and our minds

  Top Comments:
  1. @anthonynancydelarosa6781 [43 likes]: This is why I will never sell my property in South Hampton NY. In my family since 1890
  2. @edtobias81 [27 likes]: It is my prayer and dream to own property on Sag Harbor before I leave this earth!!
  3. @bella_bella85 [18 likes]: No way I would’ve sold man. Smh, land is everything
  4. @taylorwaylor8965 [9 likes]: I wonder if the people in this documentary still own their homes in Sag  Harbor
  5. @jussjess2829 [6 likes]: Im a black women watching this in 2023, I wonder how many of those families are still there. It was heartbreaking to see what happened to B. Smith and what her husband did. Sad folks will talk a good one but whens it time, do the opposite.
  6. @leonardothefabulous3490 [5 likes]: As a former Brooklyn boy/filmmaker,/artist/writer and Long Island history buff, I'm blown away; I had no idea about this. I've been to SH countless times and have never seen one single black person. Great to learn more about our island's history (especially since I'm developing a film on the Island's history :)
  7. @gloriamitchell3518 [4 likes]: Grateful to find this content.
  8. @NickiNicki25 [3 likes]: My dream place to live
  9. @nigelchamblin1405 [3 likes]: Awesome !!!!!
  10. @bojack2011 [2 likes]: So they try to keep blk Americans out of their communities, but want to be in ours too. Fkn annoying.
  11. @TanieBaker [2 likes]: Wonderful video. So inspiring.
  12. @fsanders8717 [2 likes]: Wealthy Black neighborhoods all over America - Past, present and both:



Oak Bluffs: https://www.townandcountrymag.com/society/tradition/a6668/oak-bluffs-african-american-community/



Olympia Fields: https://www.olympia-fields.com/CivicAlerts.aspx?AID=77



Sag Harbor: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sag_Harbor_Hills,_Azurest,_and_Ninevah_Beach_Subdivisions_Historic_District



https://www.nytimes.com/2020/10/01/t-magazine/sag-harbor.amp.html


Highland Beach: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Highland_Beach,_Maryland



https://www.highlandbeachmd.org/?mobile=false



https://www.nytimes.com/2009/09/04/greathomesanddestinations/04Highland.html



https://whatsupmag.com/news/highland-beach-chesapeake-bay-maryland-s-first-african-american-incorporated-town/



Sweet Auburn: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sweet_Auburn



'The Black Beverly Hills' - Ladera Heights, Baldwin Hills, View Park and Winslow Hills: https://www.google.com/amp/s/abc7.com/amp/black-beverly-hills-baldwin-ladera-heights-real-estate/7222331



https://www.latimes.com/business/realestate/hot-property/la-fi-hp-neighborhood-spotlight-ladera-heights-20180707-story.html



https://www.latimes.com/local/la-me-adv-view-park-20150719-story.html



https://www.latimes.com/business/realestate/hot-property/la-fi-hp-neighborhood-spotlight-baldwin-hills-crenshaw-20170429-story.html



DeSoto: https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.nbcdfw.com/news/local/affluent-african-americans-flocking-to-desoto/132513/%3famp



Prince George County: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prince_George%27s_County,_Maryland



Bronzeville: http://www.urbanjuncture.com/community



https://www.chicagomag.com/Chicago-Magazine/September-2015/Margo-Jefferson-Negroland/



Idlewild: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Idlewild,_Michigan



Sugar Hill, Jacksonville, FL: https://www.thejaxsonmag.com/article/americas-lost-towns-of-black-affluence/



https://www.thejaxsonmag.com/article/vintage-photos-sugar-hill/



Sugar Hill, NYC: https://above110.com/harlem-nyc/sugar-hill-nyc/

 https://www.google.com/amp/s/ephemeralnewyork.wordpress.com/2013/01/28/sugar-hill-once-harlems-most-glamorous-enclave/amp/



Durham, NC: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Black_Wall_Street_(Durham,_North_Carolina)



There are many more but these are a good start...
  13. @MakemeupMentor [2 likes]: Funny how she said he’s allowed like hunny everyone knows when they say African American who they are talking about
  14. @nadia-i1l5h [1 likes]: Made me cry happy tears and I’m not American , I think it is the nostalgia and the sense of home this evokes. Happy to see a thriving and rooted community
  15. @a.sam.2976 [1 likes]: God bless this place and others like it. We gotta protect these places against enemy attacks. They are jealous of what we can do when left alone..
  16. @CaapriceTube1 [1 likes]: Great History. 
And shame how B.Smith's ex did her in the end, in the midst of her sickness and passing.
Smdh.
  17. @AndreaPortley: To see B. Smith here makes me wanna cry! RIP Queen! 🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺
  18. @thvtsmvni: Here bcuz of Tyler The Creator. Wow...
  19. @jayd87ram: You never sell waterfront property or property near beaches = location location location $$$$$$
  20. @gretchenbray2268: Excellent video! Thanks for sharing.

- Pandemic Squatters Allegedly Trashed Hamptons Mansion: Kind: captions Language: en are some people abusing laws meant to protect people with financial troubles because of the pandemic some homeowners in the ritzy Hamptons think the answer is yes Stephen Fabian reports many New Yorkers move to the East End of Long Island when the pandemic hit and now some are allegedly refusing to pay their rent and it appears there's little they're distraught homeowners can do about it talk about squatting in style summer homes and the ritzy Hamptons can rent for $100,000 or more a month homeowners in this beachfront community outside New York City say a wave of squatters has moved in refusing to pay rent that's do since the pandemic thousands of wealthy New Yorkers have been fleeing the stricken city and many of them have headed east moving into short-term rentals in the Hamptons where they can ride out the crisis however now many of them are apparently refusing to pay the rent this has been a complete nightmare for us for our family emotionally and financially is completely devastating Paula Rosado rented her quaint three-bedroom home to a guy who she says hasn't paid rent Rosado says the alleged squatters two huge dogs have torn apart her house the dogs have ripped up the backyard the irrigation is ripped out of the yard and chewed inside the house is even worse all of our rugs and couches are eaten and urinated on paula shot this video prior to renting out her home look how beautiful it is but now the walls are filled with holes there's broken windows and she says the alleged squatter is refusing to move out it's horrific it really is this horrific she's called police but they tell her there's nothing they can do no one can be evicted for non-payment of rent New York Governor Andrew Cuomo has banned all evictions in the wake of kovat 19 mr. Davis what's up it may surprise you to learn that the alleged squatter Jonathan Davis is a prominent real estate agent who drives a Land Rover and brags about selling multimillion-dollar estates he refused to comment and his lawyer asked us to leave I got no comments except get off of the ground is completely heartbroken all we went is our house back we want him out an attorney for the alleged squatter says they're trying to work out a settlement [Music] you

  Top Comments:
  1. @robertkenney6002 [3 likes]: I got completely screwed the opposite way during pandemic. My landlord told me he was selling the house. He was always an aggressive landlord, coming in unnoticed, always coming by to check things etc. just very nosy landlord lived a mile away. Anyways told me he was selling house, ended up finding out he sold it to his son. I didn’t know these laws at the time and ended up obeying his request and moved out with a 2 month notice he sent me in mail. 

Knowing now I could have refused to move at the time since it was pandemic I was current on rent etc. 

The landlord was a real piece of work and has made me make sure I know all about property, tenant, landlord and rental laws etc. 

I was bullied by this man. He did take a big loss I’m sure selling to his son during pandemic. 2 years later that house was 150k more.  

Stay away from Dave Clements and his Wife Monica Clements in Eagle, Idaho.
  2. @fokana1 [2 likes]: Please do a separate piece on the some realtor and lawyer
  3. @haroldlee6923 [2 likes]: Gov Como would change “squatters’ rights law” in a hurry if he’s dealt the same, when did America change from protecting small businesses/home owners to protecting squatters/thieves/felons?
  4. @roncabral8911 [1 likes]: What a loser!
  5. @tooge47 [1 likes]: Have a squatter ?
Hire me, end of problem
  6. @annmcneal7804 [1 likes]: Put the squatters in prison. This is illegal!!
  7. @darikbock6771 [1 likes]: I dealt with this in CA. I hope that pos never sells another property again. Trying to work out a deal. SMH!!! So stupid people get paid to leave a home they don’t own. Cash for keys
  8. @jacobkalista6671 [1 likes]: take his restate license  to hope owner get what back for damages rude
  9. @jetnight88: Yessss go man
  10. @suzannevega2289: Laws need to be changed!
  11. @katgill7310: The only thing worse than scumbag squatters, is the scumbag lawyers that ENABLE them!!!
  12. @thepeterchannel3230: A 'squatter" is a transient  who "squats down and does a number 2  on the floor."  . Otherwise it is a weight lifting term . Doing squats.
  13. @ericab845: he has money and a job she can sue him for damages
  14. @m.scottreeder: Welcome to America 2023.
  15. @yoyo8303: throw in VENIMOUS SNAKES ALLIGATORS RATS SCORPIONS AND BLACK WINDOW SPIDERS. THEY LL MOVE QUICK.
  16. @brendahidalgo4711: I hope this guy has to PAY!!! keep takeing him to court
  17. @BlackHawkDown2: Oh wow!! The illegal alien has more rights than the homeowner!!
  18. @misc5949: Gross
  19. @jizzncookies: This is awful
  20. @anaangel3625: Shame on him!

- Cotuit and Horseshoe shoals part 3: Kind: captions Language: en Here is Cape Cod, Nantucket Sound. And Horseshoe Shaw is this horseshoe shaped shaw in the middle of horseshoe of Nantucket Sounds and it's open to the east and the weather station is located on the southeast tine corner of Horseshoe Shaw. So we literally are about halfway from Nantucket and halfway to Hyannis. Katouit Bay is over here. And we're sitting out on the tine of Horseshoe Shaw here. And we notice that the uh water towers are moving to the east because the current is pulling us to the west and we are pulled toward Falmouth and uh oak bluffs of Martha's Vineyard. Lacking an engine and with the tide taking us perpendicular to where we wish to go, we resorted to taking out from under the starboard bench a long wooden canoe paddle. We took turns with the paddle, pulling for shore while the other steered the boat. Each turn at paddling was up close and personal with a tranquil sea. Drawing the canoe paddle into the seawater, the pale brown ash blade darkens to mahogany color before disappearing into shallow depths. Brown water becomes opaque 16 in from the surface. This is disquing because this should be blue water. Instead, I am paddling offshore six miles south of Cape Cod, halfway to Nantucket Island in the middle of Nantucket Sound. And this water is mahogany brown on an ash paddle. The sea water color is the direct result of nutrients, including phosphorus and mostly nitrogen. Nutrients are taken up by algae. Benthic animals in the Antucken Sound, the bottom fauna, suffers. Slipper shells, moon snails, spider crabs, and horseshoe crabs all host slimy filamentous algae in long trails off their topsides. Nutrientfueled green slime is not a healthy environment for fish and marine life. Sea turtles pass through Nantucket Sound, but do not dwell here and are rarely seen. There are those who worry about the aesthetic of Nantucket Sound being destroyed by windmills. I now worry about Nantucket Sound destruction by nutrient overloading. The waters here are so brown that outstretched fingers disappear from sight before my elbow touches water. Nutrient overloading causes algo algae to bloom to reproduce rapidly. Sometimes the blooming algae consumes so much dissolved oxygen in seawater that organisms die. Water turns deadly brown, depleting even more oxygen when green slime decomposes into brown detritus. Devoid of oxygen, the area goes hip h devoid of oxygen, the area goes hypoxic and an ocean dead zone is created. Fortunately, I've yet to find an ocean dead zone in Massachusetts waters. However, I fear this will only be a matter of time and effort of looking for stressed out ocean areas. The loss of offshore blue began on the shore on Cape Cod in the islands. Much is being done by municipal and state governments to stem the flow of effluent from cesspools and septic systems. With each heavy rainfall, nutrients are washed directly from fields, lawns, and parking lots into waterways to the sea. More needs to be done to stem non-point source pollution with better buffer zones between lawns and pvious surfaces and waterways. Buffer zones are needed between the domestic and the wild. The coastal waters of Nantucket Sound are protected from dumping by the Massachusetts Ocean Sanctuary Act. Unfortunately, for my right hand at the paddle's throat here on Horseshoe Shoes, the waters are not protected. vessels are free to discharge effluent because these are federal waters circled by a threemile ribbon of state waters. So this is all state waters. Here in the middle, wild frontier middle vessels dump whatever they please. According to recent complaints, public ferry boats going to and fro the islands are doing just that. To their credit, some ferryboat operators such as the Steamship Authority are taking steps making the investments that will enable their vessels to cease discharging. To be in the middle of Nantucket Sound is to be in the nutrient overloaded vortex of the rich and famous, ringed by mega mcmans and traversed by overcarbonated Tupperware toys. Construction vessels will soon join the fry to build windmills on horseshoe shores. They like everyone else are free to throw their tea into this precious realm of ocean. How much nutrient loading can Nantucket Sound take? How much slimming of the sound, desecration of the deep before we act to reclaim blue waters once more? For too long, no one has spoken for the waters, for the ocean ecosystem so impacted and burdened by human waste. We can act to turn Nantucket Sound waters from brown to blue. Polluters will claim to not pollute is a hardship. They'll cry that this is government interfering with free enterprise. Great hardships are suffered by ocean users, the recreator and the worker. Yet, who is actually experiencing coastal waters when the poller is squawking of government-caused hardships? Being federal waters, Nantucket Sound belongs to everyone to desoil and to no one in particular to protect. These are our natural comments and without individuals speaking up, without environmental guardians, tragedies of the commons will continue. Being federal waters, these portions of Nantucket Sound can be protected from vessels discharging waste by legislation from Washington. And congressional representatives have told me that they would like to see Nantucket Sound so protected if only the local users can get it together. Together, we can clean the brown and bring back the blue of these ocean waters. If you would like to learn more about our efforts to improve oceans seamlessly linked to watersheds, visit us online at ocean river.org. Opt in to receive oie alerts or write to me at robot river.org. In this episode of the Ocean River Shields of Achilles, we have learned about a watershed very important to me. In the next episode, I'll be back in a different watershed talking with people who know it best. We'll discover what is being done to better and restore an ecosystem. By thinking locally and acting locally, we become more global in our stewardship of the planet. Until next time for Ocean River Shields of Achilles, thank you for sojourning with us in Kouet Bay and Nantucket Sound. I don't know. Maybe that's what they were doing. Heat. Heat.

- Nantucket Land & Water Council's 2025 State of the Harbor Forum: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Welcome to the Nantucket Atlandon Water Council's 9inth annual State of the Harbor Forum. I'm really excited to have you all here and I'm excited about what we're going to be talking about today. So just by way of a little bit of history, the state of the harbor forum started for us back in 2017 and we have held one every year remarkably by planning an educational program in a beautiful setting and offering a free drink and a raw bar at the end. You tend to have a lot of eager participants. Um no, it's been a a wonderful opportunity for us to focus on different aspects of harbor health. each each year, each summer, we have had presentations uh about the sewer main break um several years ago about water quality in the harbor in general, about harbor restoration projects, about storm water, and more. And I want to just take a few moments to make some thank yous. Thank you first to our event and annual business sponsors who helped to make all of our annual programming possible. I also want to specifically thank our partners and funders who are helping us to provide this presentation to you all this afternoon. And I also want to give a big shout out to the Nantucket Land and Water Council's water fund which really supports all of our water focused programs including our waterkeeper program which is part of our membership with the waterkeeper alliance. And it also supports our state of the harbor forums each year. And this is a list of the members of our water fund founder circle who really invested in establishing the water fund also back in 2017. and we're really grateful to their passion and commitment to Nantucket's waters. So this year, the Land and Water Council board has stepped up to initiate a new challenge grant for water fund donors throughout the end of 2025. And this group of board members is going to match any contributions to our water fund up to $75,000, which is amazing. So, if you're interested in contributing to this challenge and supporting our ongoing water programs and efforts, you can visit our website or we have some of our membership brochures out front. And I definitely want to thank those board members for participating and supporting the water fund again this year. And so then finally for this afternoon, this year's presentation is an important one and an exciting one. We're really thrilled to be supporting the presentation of Nantucket's first eel grass management plan. It has been sort of a long time coming in concept. The town has certainly been thinking about this for a while and a number of our partners have been talking about the idea of an eelgrass management plan for a while. But thanks to a great funer, the Great Harbor Yach Club Foundation, and some great collaborative effort, it has been prioritized and finalized really very swiftly. So you are going to hear from our presenters this afternoon a little more about how it came to be and where we go from here with our eelgrass. But I did just want to mention that the plan really has been built on many years of research and a strong foundation of data around changes to the health of our eelgrass over time and also research on possible restoration efforts in the harbor. So, part one of our presentation is going to include an update on the status of our eelgrass, the health of our eelgrass, and that will be by Tara Riley, the town of Nantucket shellfish and aquatic resources manager, and she is then going to hand it off to Dr. Alyssa Novak, who is a researcher from Boston University that specializes in seaggrass. Alyssa will be taking you through some of the successes and challenges that we found with our restoration efforts in Nantucket Harbor over the years. And that will probably lay a really nice foundation for part two, which will be a combination of Kimberly Starbucks, the town's uh consultant, Urban Harbors Institute. She's a senior research associate with them. She's going to be talking about the actual eel grass management plan that's been developed and Tara will come up and help her to um explain some of the goals and recommendations that are coming out of that plan. And then I will be introducing Jeff Carlson at the end to do a little um update on our town harbor plan which is also in the works. And there will definitely be some time for questions and answers at the end. So please um think about those as we go along. And with that, I would like to introduce Tara Riley to kick us off. Tara, before we present the plan, I thought that it'd be good if we went over a little bit about eel grass um and the status of the habitat within our harbors um and around the island. So, eelgrass is a species of seaggrass, underwater marine flowering plant. Um, it's a foundational species that plays an important role in Nantucket's marine ecosystem. It provides a host of ecosystem services including but not limiting limited to um it provides a three-dimensional plant structure um and a nursery for many different species. Um the roots and risomes uh stabilize the sediment and help um against erosion. uh it's able to sequester carbon and produce oxygen and it's really the key to the survival and the thriving um of the Nantucket base scallop. So most people associate I guess if you're from Nantucket you associate eelgrass with the Nantucket base scallop fishery. Um it really is an important link for this species of shellfish. Um it's part of the life cycle. Uh when the bay gobbs are young and in their laral stage and they go through metamorphosis, they are looking for something to attach to and that is eelgrass. And the eelgrass um not only helps those young juvenile uh shellfish escape predation because they're off the bottom, but the eelgrass also acts as a fence to kind of hold those scallops in the harbor. So, if we take a look back, um this graph is slightly dated. We're missing a few years, but um you can see the trend. Um the health of the fishery um was kind of at its heyday in the mid80s. Uh we are harvesting around 100,000 bushels and it's gone down since then. And last year, we harvested around 12,000. So, the fishery as it is right now um supports around 35 permits and active fishermen. Um, and that's because there's a decline in the habitat and it kind of affects the survival of the the scolops and there's also a lot of um human induced pressures going on on shore that have caused the decline of the the fishery. So, we do a benthic study every year um through the town in Nucket. And benthic really what that means is we're looking at things on the bottom. So, we're looking at shellfish, we're looking at eel grass, we're looking at sediment. Um, but it's a way for us to monitor the fishery and monitor the health of the eelgrass habitat. Uh, since we started our hatchery um shellfish production program in 2010, we've seen 130% increase in the total scallops in our surveys that we've been doing since 2006. Now 2023 was a really crazy astronomical year for Bay Scop recruitment and if we included that data into this percentage it would be 530% increase. Um so clearly you know the the restoration and shellfish enhancement program is working. Um, we just need to kind of focus on how we can help that uh, population kind of become sustainable so that we don't always have to add shellfish to our water. Can the bay sculp survive without eel grass? We know that they can. They'll recruit in sand, on golf balls, everything. But they really won't thrive. Um, they'll end up on shore. We have a lot of strandings in the winter. Um, and so we think there's, you know, a lot that we can do to help this fishery, uh, be sustainable. So, real quickly, um, we have a bunch of dives that we do every year, um, underwater. Our staff, uh, we're all certified divers. We have around 40 sites in Nantucket Harbor that we've been looking at since 2006. And we just started, um, looking at Madakut and Tucker Neck Island. So last year was the first time we surveyed that to just get a baseline of information. Um and so that kind of helps us, you know, assess everything from year to year to notice the changes. But we do have this long-term data set that's so important in seeing the trends. Um because it's hard to see the trend, you know, from year to year that the changes can be small, but over time, um you're able to to notice the big differences. So, for those of you that want to take a deep dive into what we do underwater, um we're looking at the total percentage of eelgrass coverage. Um we look at different types of macro algae, which is other types of um algae that's kind of covering the eelgrass that might affect it. Um there's several different species that we're monitoring in Nantucket Harbor. We're looking at the blade length of the eel grass and the fing scale. also fing are things that are growing on the eel grass blades. Uh we take a look at the sediment characteristics and how those are changing over time. Um a lot of Nantucket Harbor is sandy, but if we have a lot of macro algae um smothering the eelgrass, that sediment can become anorobic and it smells like sulfur and it's black. And so we're noticing some changes in the sediment as well. Uh we take pictures of the sites um each year. And then up above on the boat, we are also recording physical parameters which include cloud cover, wind, sea state, water depth, temperature, dissolved oxygen, salinity. And so this is done at the beginning of September each year so that we can be consistent with when we're doing this survey. So since 2006 in Nantucket Harbor um we measured 37% coverage of total coverage of eelgrass. And so that is you know combination of all of the 40 sites together. Some are super lush, have a lot of eelgrass, some are completely bare. And so that's what we've been tracking over time. in this year or last year in 2024 we're down to around 14% total coverage. Um so you can see you know we've lost almost half um since 2006. Um, one of the things that we're noticing though, and you know, might be a little bright spot here, is from 2020 to 2024, um, the rate of loss seems to have slowed. And so, we're hoping that that trend continues, and that could give us insight into whether our eelgrass beds are approaching stabilization. So, for Madakut Harbor, uh, we only have one year of data right now. Um we have about 12 sites total and what we found um this is based on acreage. So Tucker Island around there on the sites that we um surveyed had about 59% coverage. The eel grass is probably like four or five feet long. It's super pretty and just very lush. Um the outer part of Madakut Harbor um has a lot of water exchange. So that that yield grass is also looking fairly healthy and it has 53% coverage and then the inner harbor as you would expect um you know has challenges with nutrient inputs um that coverage is at 12%. So that's something that we're interested in you know going back to each September and seeing um how those numbers uh compare. And with that, I will uh pass this off to Alyssa to talk about the different types of eelgrass research that she's been doing on Nantucket. So now I'm going to provide you with an update on our eelgrass restoration efforts here in Nantucket Harbor. Um so we do know that eel grass has been declining since the 1990s. um there was about a 30% loss in Nantucket Harbor since 1995 and about a 24% loss in Madakut Harbor in that time period. Whereas Tucker Nuck and Mossia have been relatively stable. Um recent mapping efforts by the state of Massachusetts indicate that these declines are um the rate of decline is similar. We're seeing about a 1% decline um per year and as Tara mentioned um she's seeing declines as well. So to help compensate um or offset these losses, we've been working on um two eel grass restorations. The reason why we restore is to increase ecosystem services. As uh Tara mentioned, eelgrass um provides a number of economic services to Nantucket Harbor. Um the other reason why we restore is that it also helps to facilitate natural recovery. So you can help to jumpstart the process um es especially in an area that might be recruitment limited. Um it also raises public awareness and so people are more likely to support any efforts um to uh to protect this natural resource. However, there are a number of challenges. So even though we're restoring, we often say that you should be protecting first. And the reason for that is that eelgrass restorations are very very expensive. Um, in the state of Massachusetts, it costs anywhere between a 100,000 and 400,000 per acre. And then success rates are very variable. Most of the time, I'd say one out of 10 times you see a success. Um, and so again, you want to protect rather than restore. In Massachusetts, we use two methods. We use seeds and we also use vegetative shoots. Seeding is a new process that we're using up here. That's something that's often used down south in the Chesapeake Bay area. um down in North Carolina um even in Long Island, we usually use vegetative shoots and the reason for that is we have a lot of storm activity. Um and using vegetative shoots has been more successful historically. Um but I'll go into those methods in a few minutes. We just don't go out and restore. There's actually a process that takes place. So we just don't take seeds. We don't take vegetative plants and throw them out of sight. We actually spend a lot of time thinking about the stressors, what they are, identifying them, seeing if we can remove them at a site before we restore. We also spend time selecting a site in a system. So there might be a lot of eel grass in a system, but it doesn't mean that every little microhabitat is conducive for an eel grass restoration. So we need to figure out which locations in a system we want to restore first before going out there. We also spend time looking at donor populations and um the reason for that is you don't want to go out and take a reference bed, start harvesting seeds or shoots from it and have that bed already be declining or stressed itself. So we look for beds that have over 50% cover and we also um make sure they're greater than an acre. And then the last thing we do is we try to spread risks. And when we're transplanting, and what I mean by that is rather than transplant a half acre or quarter acre all at once, we do it over a series of years. And this is in case you have some stressor event come in such as a storm um so it doesn't wipe out everything at once. So we have two restoration sites here in Nantucket Harbor. We have one at Monoy and we have one at Fifth Bend. Um, Monoy used to have a lot of eel grass back in 2012. It was wiped out by a sholing event in 2013 and it didn't recover on its own. So in 2017 it was still devoid of eelgrass and so we started working in that area. Um the other site was Fifth Bend. Um in 2012 you can see that eelgrass extended along the shoreline. However, um 2013 145 15 it disappeared and in 2022 when we started um you can see what what the extent of the bed looked like at that point in time. So at both sites um we use the same transplant design. We laid out five transect lines which were 100 meters long and um we planted um a third of the transsect line each year. So in year 1 we did 0 through 33. Year 2 was 34-66. And then year three was um 67 to 100. Not only um did we close the exact the halfacre to um activities such as shell fishing and boating activity, we also had a buffer zone about an acre around each site. And this is what the design looks like um at both of the sites. So along the transsect line, we put out um 10 clumps of vegetative shoots. That's fully mature adult shoots. And um so there were five on one side of the transsect line and five on the other side of the transsect line. So you had about uh 50 shoots per meter. And then we put seeds in um the site as well. And so we either dispersed them putting 250 to about 500 seeds per meter. um they were either like physically dispersed or we put them in tea bags. And we use tea bags to help protect the plants from predation or the seeds. So this is just some pictures showing you what it looks like when we're working out in the field. So the top um left hand corner you can see a diver who is harvesting. Um, we use divers to harvest fully mature adult plants for transplantation. We also use divers to harvest reproductive shoots. Um, we then bring the shoots back to um the hatchery where we clean them and we prepare them to put them out in the field. Uh, for seeds we collect them in um June and July and then they go back to the hatchery where they sit until end of August, beginning of September. um when the seeds are fully released and then we bring them out to the field and you can see in the left um bottom left and right um where we're dispersing them. We put them in a test tube and you just disperse them on the transsect line or they're in the tea bags. All of our efforts have involved the community. We have them help us with harvesting. We have them help us with um cleaning the plants, processing the seeds and also putting in um helping with the transplanting efforts. This has been very important um for us as well as the volunteers. It really helps to um teach people about the value of this natural resource. They see how much effort is involved in restoration process. Um they also get to work with scientists, managers. They they just um there's a lot of benefits to everybody involved. Um in on our perspective, we like to use volunteers because it helps with project activation. And so if we need to um clean, you know, 500 shoots, that might take one individual um you know, 3 to four hours, but if you have 15 people, that can be done in about 15 minutes. And so that is, you know, one of the great benefits. So how do we assess success? Um we do it a number of ways. We look at we use drones to look at um the bed remotely and we also look at things in situ. Um so in situ the first year we go out we calculate the number of planting units that survive. So are they present or are they absent? But as soon as the bed establishes itself then we start looking at various plant parameters such as percent cover. that's the amount of area that's covered on the bottom. Uh we look at canopy height, that's how tall the shoots are. And then we also look at chute density. And then we look for reproductives. Um we want to identify reproductives in our restoration bed to make sure that the bed is actually expanding on its own. And so having seeds is very important. And so this is um monoy. So again, top is showing you in 2017 when we started what the area looked like. You can see along the five transect lines, there is nothing there. Um the yellow markers show you um the area that's closed to shell fishing and boating activity. And then on the bottom shows you what it looked like last week. So you can see that we have a lot of eel grass that's um that has been restored into the area, but we also have a lot of recruitment occurring. And we think the recruitment into the area is due to the actual closure of the site. And so if you have seeds that are naturally in the system and they're moving around, you have the area closed and the seeds can land into the area um and they can have a few years to establish themselves. And so we think this has been, you know, really the key to success at this particular location. Quantitatively, this is what it looks like. So I mentioned what percent cover looks like. Um as I mentioned we transplanted monoy over three years. Um so 0 to 33 was year 1, 34 to 66 was year 2 and 67 to 100 was year three. You can see the transc lines are all performing fairly similar. Some are doing better than others but um in general the medians are about the same. The red line uh denotes our reference bed which is Hudy Shaw and um so at Hussy Shaw we were seeing about uh 25 to 30% cover and so you can see that the restoration bed is fairly comparable. So we're we're happy with these results. Um in terms of canopy height um you can see that the transsect lines are all performing fairly similar. Again um the plants are a little bit smaller but that's okay. Okay, we're not too worried about that. Um, plants respond in height um due to light availability. If they're shorter, sometimes it means that they're getting um more than enough light. Um but again, we're happy. And then lastly, this is shootute density. So, um anything over 200 shoots per meter squared is considered excellent. Um and we have a range here at this this um in this bed um where many sections are over 200 per meter. And then this is a video just showing you what Monoy looks like. This video was taken last week as well. Um we have Caitlyn that is going down to along our transsect line. She's our eelgrass manager for this summer. And so you can see that there's a little bit of bare bottom, but then the bed becomes fairly dense. And this is what you see pretty much throughout the entire half acre and beyond. Um, you can see that there's periwinkles. Um, right there is a reproductive. So that's great. That was that long thin blade. We had some fish in there as well. And there's not a lot of macro algae at this site. So that's that's great as well. We have had some challenges and our challenges have been at Fifth Bend. Um so in 2022 we started our restoration at that site. Um we put out the same number of plants and seeds. Um and we planted 0 through 33 m on each of our transsect lines. We came back the following April and um the seeds had sprouted. That was great. They germinated. We had seedlings and about 90% of our vegetative shoots had survived which was excellent. Um May was doing the same. June there was a little bit of a decline. um July we lost everything and we lost everything due to spider crabs moving into the area. Um this was kind of like an anomaly. We don't often see this. Um usually spider crabs do not eat eel grass. We have issues with green crabs and hermit crabs but not spider crabs. So we decided to go back and we planted um 0 through 67 meters. So we tried to make up for everything that we lost. And we had the same thing happen again where by the following June, July, everything was wiped out. Um, at that site, not only did we have issues with the crabs, there were also some temperature issues. And this is not something that's um, new to Nantucket Harbor. We did a health study a couple years ago and we know that um a lot of the beds in Nantucket Harbor as well as Madakut Harbor are impaired um by um poor water quality in terms of you know excess nutrients that are coming in and causing macro algae blooms. So if you look at Nantucket Harbor or Madakut Harbor, you can see that we have um a lot of algae in the top two pictures compared to what you see out on Tucker and Moskegan. Um and then the as I had mentioned temperature being an issue um at the Fifth Ben site, you know, we were seeing temperatures um above 25° C. 25 degrees C is where um plants stop re they they're respiring. They're not photosynthesizing anymore. And then once you hit 28 degrees C um they can no longer survive. And so this is just a chart showing you from our health study that this is also common throughout Nantucket Harbor. And so um you know fortunately at Monoy we don't have this occurring but to expand into other locations this is something that we need to consider as we move forward. So what do we need to do to ensure success of our monoy site and any other potential restoration sites. Um Kim is going to go into this in further detail. But you know at our restoration site um you know it's important to keep those nutrient levels down. We don't want macro algae coming in. Um this can be done by reducing fertilizer, upgrading septic tanks. Um as I mentioned, the closure of the restoration site was very very important to helping the bed establish itself as well as grow. Um so this is something we need to consider in the future. Um conservation moorings are a concept that I think are going to be discussed a little bit more. Um, so rather than putting your boats um on traditional moorings that have the chain and tear up eel grass on the bottom, there are other alternatives out there to keep that chain off the bottom. And then lastly, I think the most important thing is um continuing outreach and education so that people appreciate the value of just eel grass in general so they're more likely to protect um what you have right now in the system. And then I know everybody always asks about um climate change. I keep on mentioning um you know temperature as an issue. Um if you start removing like the stressors that you can control you know such as closing off areas um putting in conservation moorings reducing nutrient loadings um then the plants have a better they're more able to fight you know the stressors of increasing temperatures. But I also wanted to mention that Nantucket is part of a study where we are trying to um identify populations that are thermal tolerant. And so um this is a collaboration um between Boston University, Stony Brook University, University of Maryland, and UNCC um Wilmington. And we're working in the national parks um just identifying which populations can adapt to temperature. And so hopefully at some point I can tell you whether or not we have resilient populations here and then what level of temperature we expect them to be able to deal with. So um that's all I have to say. Um you know as we all know eel grass is a very important resource. We know it's declining. We've attempted two halfacre restorations. Um one was very successful. Um we have over an acre and a half there and the other one failed. And um as we move forward, we need to continue to remember that the system is still challenged by light limitation and warming waters. And so it's going to be very important to um take appropriate actions to ensure that your populations are resilient to future stressors. And thank you. These are all the people, all of our sponsors, all of our partners. This has really been a community effort. So, I'd like to thank everybody here who's participated. All right, I'm going to be talking about the uh Nantucket Eelgrass Management Plan. Um, so this is pretty hot off the presses. I'm not sure if anybody here has read it cover to cover. It's pretty long, but um we literally just um put this out in the beginning of July. So, if you're interested afterward, you can find it on the Nantucket website. Um, so first I'll talk about some background information on the planning process and how this all happened and then Tara is going to jump into talking about some of the recommendations and really kind of the meat of the plan. First of all, um, so I work at Urban Harbors Institute just to give you some background on our organization. We're located at UMass Boston and um, we were founded in 1989. So we've been around for a while. uh mostly founded to try and help uh clean up Boston Harbor after Boston Harbor was really polluted. Um we are an applied research institute at the school for the environment and um we provide a lot of different services, research um technical assistance and then advisory services and we've worked on Nantucket quite a bit. Um so we worked on the 2009 Nantucket and Madicate Harbor's action plan. We also now are working on updating um that plan and it will be the 2025 plan update. So that should be available later this year and um we helped work on the Nantucket shellfish management plan and then um now the eelgrass management plan. So we've done quite a bit of work out here and have a good sense of the lay of the land and just wanted to talk a little bit about the team for the eelgrass management plan. Um, so we had a steering committee. We met every other week for basically from February until now. Um, so you can see the people on the steering committee. Um, Town of Nantucket employees, so Tara, Emma, Griffin, um, and Jeff. And then, uh, Nantucket Land and Water Council, Emily, who was just speaking, and R.J. here in the front row. And then, um, UMass Boston Nantucket Field Station is Yvon who's, um, in the audience as well. I saw and then we had a number of adviserss that helped us with the plan. Um so these were really eelgrass experts. Um and you can see the list of them there and obviously Dr. Novak is here um and just presented. So they really helped with reviewing the plan, making sure um all the information was accurate, providing us with um scientific reports and uh all were very helpful. just to give you a sense of um the geographic scope of what we were looking at with the plan. Uh we looked at Nantucket Harbor, Madakut Harbor and then Tucker. So our recommendations were really geared towards those different places. Um and also we looked at you know eelgrass extent and um the different conditions or the different um types of stressors that were happening in those different places for eelgrass. Uh so this is a repeat slide so I don't have to go too far into it but really I just wanted to share that eelgrass is happening in all of those different places. Looks a little bit different in all those different places as um Alyssa said uh regarding the macro algae but just kind of gives you a sense of what it looks like. So this is the cover of the um of the eelgrass management plan and I'm just going to talk a little bit about the organization of the plan. Um first we talked about the um plan purpose and then the process to it and then second we talked about just some background information on eelgrass. If somebody has never heard of eelgrass before they can pick up the plan and be able to understand what eelgrass is. We went a little bit into the historic uh conditions of eelgrass and then the existing conditions. We also uh provided general background information on the stressors that are affecting eelgrass. research that has happened. Uh also restoration efforts like Alyssa was talking about education on eelgrass and then the regulatory context. So what types of um federal, state and municipal laws and regulations are out there to try and protect eelgrass. And then really the meat of the plan is number five and that's what Terara will talk about which is the comprehensive plan where we have goals, objectives and recommendations that were all geared towards trying to um preserve and protect and then restore eelgrass. So first off just talking about what is the purpose of the plan. Um really the purpose was to gather this historic and baseline conditions and I'll in a minute I'll show you a couple um cool pictures. Uh we went way back in time and tried to see what kind of historic conditions we could find um in terms of just aerial pictures of um eelgrass in the different harbors. We also wanted to really document the stressors to eelgrass to try and figure out a way to remove those stressors so eelgrass has the best chance of surviving. And then we identified recommendations and action items. So they're divided up into those different categories. um really focusing the plan mostly on protecting what the existing population of eelgrass is and then moving second into restoring. So how can you restore what used to be here before? And then um the other categories just talk about um research that could be done, mitigation that could be done again those laws and regulations which I talked about and if anything maybe needed to be updated and then the importance of outreach and education. And we were just talking about how important that is because it's really hard to enforce every single people that every single person that is coming into this harbor and talk to them about eelgrass and what they need to do to protect it. So really um you know education and outreach is very very important and then um collaboration and implementation. So how is this plan going to be implemented? This is um our tight timeline. Um and we basically started the plan development in February. In March, we had a Harbor Health Symposium, which I'll talk about in a minute, which was where we gathered a lot of really critical information for the plan. Um throughout this entire process, you can see on the bottom, we had a steering committee meeting every other week. We were conducting research, looking at papers, doing a literature review. We reviewed other eelgrass management plans which was really interesting to see what other people were doing both on the east coast but then also on the west coast and try and figure out what we liked out of these plans what um maybe we would have changed and they did help us kind of structure the plan and then again we received that really important input from the adviserss. So then we had a draft plan that was available for public review in uh mid June and so we had that up on the website received some feedback from the public and then integrated that and the plan is now complete and it's time to begin implementation. Um and so right now um you know that's that's kind of the next step in moving forward with this. And um the plan is a living document. So there can be changes to the plan as time goes on. Obviously the population may shift, stressors may shift. So it is something that um can be changed and edited as time uh continues on. And then here um we had the Harbor Health Symposium in late March of 2025 uh which I was at and it was a really great experience to collect as much information as possible. We had about 30 experts and stakeholders including a number of people in this room that were just talking about eelgrass providing information. We had roundts talking about all these different topics. Um this was uh funded by the Great Harbor Yach Club Foundation similar to the plan being funded by them. And um it was just a really great experience to talk about how water quality is affecting eelgrass, the different stressors, the importance of protection, uh research and restoration, and then again education and outreach. I know we've talked quite a bit about what eelgrass is, but just to give you a sense as to what is in that section of the plan. Um, so we just talked about how it was a marine flowering eelgrass, the importance that it plays in Antucket's ecosystems, and then um how much eelgrass has declined. And we've had a number of percentages that we've talked about here. Um this is just another one is um it's declined about 62% in Nantucket waters between 2006 and then 2014. I talked a little bit about the um photos that uh we found and basically these photos went back to the 1920s. So the picture on the left is from um the 1920s and that's the historic um Nantucket shipyard area. And then on the right we have um Madakut and um I ended up collecting a ton of aerial photos of eelgrass and have them all in a folder if anybody wants to see them because they're actually really cool. Um so we were trying to right now we can't exactly decipher what is eelgrass, what's deeper water. Um but that's something we're going to look into a little bit more to really try and figure out how much eelrass was here back in the 1920s. How much has that changed? and um and then what type of eel grass could we expect to be restored in Nantucket. Um it was also just really interesting to see how all the sediment was shifting around. Um if you're ever interested, you can go into the Nantucket Historical Association photo library and um you can find tons and tons of photos including these aerials, but just lots and lots of photos of Nantucket in um past days. And so I'd highly recommend that. And then um looking at just more recent photos, this is a picture from Mass Mapper. Um and this is from 2023. So if you're interested in looking at um some more recent pictures of eelgrass and um its extent, you can take a look at that. And you you know, obviously there are the darker areas which are more the channels of coming into Nantucket. And then you can see the vegetation kind of sprinkled throughout. Also another way to kind of look at um the uh extent of eelgrass is uh looking at uh mass uh department of environmental environmental protection. They have a number of GIS layers that show the extent of eelgrass um anywhere from 1995 all the way to 2019. And um the dark green areas are 1995, the yellowish areas are 2015, and then the checker box is 2019. So you can see just by looking at those that there has been um quite a reduction of eelgrass in the different harbors. And then the fourth section of the plan is really the background information. So, uh, looking at what are the stressors to eel grass. And here you can see a picture of a green crab, which is one of the stressors to eel grass. Um, and it's kind of, you know, chomping away at the eel grass there. Um, but looking at what are the physical, chemical, environmental, and then contaminants that are, um, affecting eel grass. And really the importance is trying to figure those out so that hopefully those can be reduced. Uh also we um did a lot of research on um on what types of research was happening here. So that could be um mapping the extent of eelgrass also assessing um just the health of the plant and then looking at the impacts of moorings on eelgrass. We looked at what restoration projects have happened. So, what projects have happened on Nantucket, which we just talked about, and then examples of other projects and what types of restoration efforts are actually really successful that maybe we should think about bringing here. And then we looked at what education is happening on Nantucket and then again that regulatory context. So, um what are the regulations that really can protect eelgrass? Um and uh that we should and then also looking at municipal laws and regulations and if any could be beefed up to try and um provide an extra layer of of protection. So now Tara is going to get into um the actual real meat of the plan and um talk about these different categories and um take it away Tara. Thank you. Thank you. Um, as Kim mentioned, the Eelgrass work group um, came up with four main categories. I'm going to try not to, uh, repeat anything. Um, so the reason why a lot of towns don't have eelgrass is because or eelgrass management plans is because they don't have eelgrass. Um, we needed this plan a long time ago. Uh, so I'm really grateful that we have it. As a resource manager, I appreciate a plan. Um we did the shellfish management plan in 2012 and it was a wonderful guide for us um for implementing um different initiatives to help improve the uh the shellfish and so I'm I'm hopeful that this will will do the same. Um there are so many harbor and island user groups that have played a role in the current status of our eelgrass whether they realize it or not. Um the loss it didn't happen overnight. you know, it's been decades and decades of of humaninduced impact. Um, so when we got everybody in the room for the eelgrass symposium, you know, we had regional experts that have, you know, specialized in eelgrass restoration. We've had shellfish experts, water quality experts. Um, everyone coming together seem to think that, you know, protection is number one for us. We have eelgrass beds that are capable of recovery. We have eelgrass beds that are capable of reproducing and can expand and we just need to take care of them. And so that's kind of the theme of the eelgrass management plan throughout. There's a lot of, you know, there's categories, but a lot of them do overlap. Um, but as Kim said, this is a working document. Um the next steps are kind of to get the working group back together and anyone else that is interested in prioritize these recommendations that came out of the plan um so that we can you know kind of start working on them and and get things going. Um so I provided you know a few examples of the recommendations like Kim said it's a huge document. Um there are maybe like 20 plus recommendations under each heading. Um so I just pulled out a few um just to give some examples of the things that we talked about and discussed. Um so there were a lot of unknowns. You know, we've never had this plan. Um we're, you know, although we've been doing benthic surveys, we're pretty new to eelgrass research here on Nantucket. Um, so a lot of the recommendations include words like identify, monitor, research. Um, because we just there's a lot we don't know. Um so for the protection portion um we really the town needs to select and define indicators that aid um you know which eelgrass beds are considered stable um which ones are declining and degraded and kind of determine you know which ones should be prioritized for protection. Um, the next thing we need to do is look at our regulations and our laws and see how they would support eelgrass health and make sure that the language is there and the regulations can be updated um, if they're not sufficient to protect them. This was a really fun activity um, for the eelgrass weekend as we had a table where their job was to come up with every single thing that they thought would stress eelgrass on Nantucket. Um so whatever people were upset about it got listed here and we included everything. So even so we started off with um physical stressors from harbor activity um which included you know boating and ferry transportation, moorings, fishing and shell fishing impacts. Um other physical stressors that included like sedimentation and turbidity um environmental stressors a lot of which is you know beyond our control. Chemical stressors. um things that you know we've always thought about could cause a problem but maybe we haven't had time to look at them in a thorough way and then the contaminants of emerging concern. So lots of things like uh tire dust you know that most people it's not really on their mind. Um we wanted to include it so that uh you know this plan can be progressive as we move forward into the future. Um so here is an example um of one of the recommendations that you know is kind of a big picture also maybe not very feasible to implement but you know we were looking at the fact that Nantucket Harbor is a no discharge zone so you can't discharge any waste within the harbor um and this is a map that shows you know anything that is purple or you know yellow around Nantucket is also a no discharge area. But the gray area in between Nantucket and Hyannis is so we started talking about the fact that we know nothing about that. How much waste do fairies discharge waste in this area? How frequent do they do that? What amount is it? Or are they pumping out? Like we we don't know. But this is something that we're thinking about. Is this a potential impact to our harbor water quality? you know, is this waste coming in on an incoming tide? Um, you know, but this is this is going to be a hard thing to uh to implement probably, but it's some it's just an example of one of one of the uh items that we were discussing. Um some specific local recommendation examples for the recreational and comm commercial fisheries. Um we were talking about prohibiting clam raking in eelgrass beds. We all know that, you know, clams grow in eelgrass beds, but they also grow in sand. So, um, you know, clam rakes kind of, uh, rip up eelgrass. So, um, there are some towns that have prohibited raking in eelgrass beds, and maybe that's something we should consider, too. Uh, also from from the commercial standpoint, we've been talking a lot about this. Um, as we updated our shellfish regulations, um, we looked at everything and, you know, there are, you know, we are still dredging for scolops, which is, you know, something that we've done forever. Um, but just making sure that all the dredges are in compliance in the correct weight so that they can minimize any impact that they might have on the eelgrass. And so we were talking about the fact maybe we should have a pre-season inspection just to make sure that all the fishing gear is checked out and appropriate um for for the eelgrass habitat. One other thing that we were uh talking about for protection is the fact that maybe we should look at areas um that are more uh sensitive um and talk about rotational closures um and you know maybe they're this you know eelgrass beds are recovering or maybe they're being challenged but we certainly don't need to run dredges over you know eelgrass beds that are really struggling and so what does that look like to have a seasonal closure um just to see if there's improvement or something that we can monitor without it being additionally stressed. Um some boating and harbor activity recommendations. Um we were looking at uh we talked a lot about boat speeds and boat wakes. Um it seems, you know, we're right on Brandt Point at the hatchery, so we see a lot of the boats coming and going. You know, it's no secret that the fairies have increased over the past 10 years, the amount of fairies coming in, the frequency of their trips. Um, and there's also a lot of wake that gets kicked up from those fairies. Um, the no wake zone stops, you know, right as you come into the harbor at the end of the jetties, so kind of right off of the horseshed. Um, and you know, that creates a lot of turbulence to have that sort of wake right there. and it um caused turbidity that decreases the light penetration. It's affecting the eelgrass beds. So um talking about harbor speeds um you know as a as a way to you know combat the turbidity is you know something that came up as well. Um, we're also talked, you know, as an extension of boating, moorings came up, of course. Um, we've talked about conservation moorings for years, but we haven't really done a largecale investigation of it. Um, and we talked about what that would look like if we found a grant to provide conservation moings in a meaningful number that we could put in an area and then assess the eelgrass and and um how that worked out. Just So like the harbor plan um you know we talk about nutrient input and chemicals all the time. Um I think the eelgrass plan is just another lens to look at this in a different way. Um you know some people might not identify with water quality but maybe they identify with shellfish or eelgrass. So, um, you know, excess nutrients and chemicals in the harbor are a huge problem and it's one of the main reasons for the decline of of the habitat. Um, we haven't, to my knowledge, really looked at a lot of herbicides and pesticide use on Nantucket and how it is going into the harbor. Um, and so that was one thing that we were interested in, you know, starting to look at. Um, we also wanted to, you know, obviously there's been a fertilizer ongoing discussion going on with, you know, ways to limit the fertilizer going into the harbor. Um, promoting native lawns and, you know, again, prohibiting the application of pesticides. Um, you know, finding a way to reach people and educate them so that this doesn't continue to happen. and then also take a look at our regulations and our enforcement situation and see if there are other opportunities to strengthen um that that so that we can find some way to limit what is going into the harbor. Um the research and monitoring um heading examples um we really had a hard time in developing what we thought was a comprehensive picture of the historic eelgrass conditions. you know, from those pictures that were black and white, it's kind of hard to tell if stuff is sand or ice. And um you know, there weren't a lot of aerials going on in 1930. And um so what we have is, you know, just kind of piecing things together and going through records and written records of what people might have observed. Um and then, you know, the aerials really started from um the DP, the state in the 90s. And so we're really trying to kind of piece that together. We're under no illusion that Nantucket Harbor had 100% eelgrass coverage. Like it's just not realistic. So, we're trying to see, you know, really how much we've lost. We have a few starting points from when we started doing surveys, but trying to really get a handle on that um will kind of help us know like how much we need to restore where would be an ideal level for us to get back to today. education and outreach recommendation examples. Um, we really, you know, some of the easy, simple, lowhanging fruit ideas are, you know, just to educate people on the importance of eelgrass. A lot of people have no idea what eelgrass is. Um, and also letting them know where it is. You know, create a map for the public to let people know, you know, watch out for this eelgrass or just be sensitive when you're around it or boating. Um and so we're hoping to use some existing data to to do that. And um also included in the map, you know, maybe we can provide, you know, areas for safe anchoring as well. Um and additionally, you know, we had talked about having a ban um for anchoring in eelrass. So maybe those can go hand in hand and you know, no, letting people know where they can anchor and where they can't. Um this is something that the town of Tisbury has also done. Um and then we were talking about trying to find ways to incentivize um boat owners or people that have a commercial business on the water. Um just you know maybe we can develop some best management practices for Boers um to abide by in and around eelgrass beds and you know come up with some sort of like eelgrass steward certification you know where you can proudly display a sticker on your boat or you know on your website to let people know that you know you have environmentally friendly practices for Nantucket Harbor and maybe you should choose my charter over this one because I'm I'm thinking about the future of Nantkch at Harbor. So, there's a lot of a lot of good ideas that came out of it. And lastly, we talked about restoration. Um, and for restoration, that was kind of a little bit last on the plate as far as the categories because of, you know, the success rate and the expense um of restoration. Um, but also because there, like I said in the beginning, there's so much that we don't know that we need to find out about our eelgrass beds and we need to do some monitoring. We need to do some test plots to see where stuff grows. We have buoys and um water quality sons out there that monitor, you know, different parameters um so that we can have the best chance of success for restoration. Um, you know, I think restoration in small scale right now is certainly appropriate and, you know, hopefully as we gain more information, um, you know, if it seems appropriate again, we can move in towards maybe a larger scale discussion of of what that looks like. Um, and with that, we have the eelgrass management plan final available on the town of Nantucket's natural resources department website. Um, you can, you know, right under where where it says click here, you can get the the full version and then off to the right on the page as well, we have our benthic surveys that have um, you know, an executive summary. So, if you want to read like 80 pages of really cool data, um, you can read just a summary and then you'll be up to date in no time on everything related to eelgrass on Nantucket. Um, and with that, I want to say thank you to everyone that helped work on this plan, for everyone that came and listened tonight, and um, if you have any questions, feel free to uh, ask. [Applause] >> Great. Thank you so much, Tara and Kim and Alyssa. Um, I think there's it's probably clear that there are a lot of different entities and organizations, town departments that have been focusing on water quality in the harbor, the Great Harbor Yacht Club with their foundation. And I think to build off of what Tara spoke to, one of the real true values of this plan is that it helps to align us all. And I think it helps us to work more collectively and collaboratively towards the same goals and objectives which is going to be really important moving forward into the future. One of the events that kind of stimulated I think uh kicking this plan off was actually the ongoing effort to update the town's harbor plan. and through the discussions that the harbor plan update committee has been having over the last couple of years, uh, this was one that I think really was prioritized. So, that is another effort that is ongoing and I wanted to just ask Jeff Carlson to provide everyone with a bit of an update before we move into a question and answer phase. Jeff. >> All right. Good afternoon everybody. Thanks everyone for coming. Um, I'll try to be as brief as I can. I know we're probably all itchy for questions, but more importantly to get outside and socialize and have some fun. So, um, I like to be interactive when when I talk. So, I'm just going to ask a quick question. Who in this room was with us in 2022 at the Nantucket Yach Club when we had the state of the harbor forum? All right, a lot of hands that are up again. How many people that were at that event remember filling out a little tiny note card that had some questions on there? Does anyone? So, why that note card was important? That was the start of the Nantucket and Matad Harbors action plan. That was our first public engagement piece. We were still working on putting urban harbors under contract and navigating the ever fun system of municipal procurement to get them under contract, but this was a chance where people that are are somewhat interested in the harbor and the harbor health to get together and to give some first feedback on what people that are users of the harbor cared about and what they were interested in. Because at the end of the day, you know, we we work for the town and we work for the municipality and we have plans for plans and plans for those plans and plans for those plans. And really what those do is they either make incredible paper weights and are great at holding down desks and bookshelves or they have action items that people can engage with and set that road map for what we're going to do as a municipality and what we're going to ask you to do as the citizens and visitors of the town to engage in our harbors to engage in our you know just our our land and our land management practices. But it gives us all a common language to turn to and be a part of and be interactive. So, it's a little bit of a challenge to everybody to hold our feet to the fire as a town to get as much done as we can, but it's also when we look at things that are cultural change to be a part of it. So, the Nantucket Harbor's plan is a bit of an interactive process where we went through we had a number of public meetings um at the Nantucket Hotel. We had one uh one or two at the the public safety facility and really a big engagement piece to go through it took in feedback. Um there was a committee that's appointed that's been meeting really bi-weekly for the better part of almost oh geez two two and a half years at this point. It's been kind of a long slog. Um and we're finally to the end. There's a draft plan that is is imminent. It was sent today to um what were identified by the committee as responsible parties for every goal and objective has responsible parties that go with it. Um, so when you're wondering about what's happening with the goal in the plan, you know who to call, whether it's natural resources or the land and water council or the DPW or whoever's involved. Um, those went out today to all of them. And early next week, if you follow the QR code that takes us to the general web page, the draft plan will be up for public review. Um, we say that because we wanted to give everyone enough time to take a look at it. Much like the eelgrass plan, it's long. There's lots of goals. Um, and I'll be the first to say you're probably not going to care about all of them, and that's totally okay, right? The ones that you care about are the ones that are important to you and the ones you should focus on. We're shooting to have a public forum in the middle of August that everyone is invited to to come participate. You can say, "Hey, I think the plan is wonderful. I would like to see these things." Or, "I think this is a really bad idea." That's okay to say, too. We're we're we're happy for all feedback. uh but please come participate through that. Um and then the final step of that is to go through getting adopted by the select board and then this plan is ultimately adopted by the commonwealth um and essentially becomes kind of law. So it's something where the goals and objectives identified in this plan also fuel permitting processes like chapter 91 process. So public benefit has to be in accordance with our harbor plan and not what state goals are. So, it's a chance for us to tell the state what we want for our water bodies and we want for the land around our water bodies, not what they think we should have. So, it's really important and all we're asking is participate. And with that, I won't take up any more time and I'll turn it over to Emily and I think we're going to take some questions. >> Go ahead, Graham. >> Hi, Emily. Um, quick question. The last couple of years we've we I don't want to tell my secret sculping spots, but we went behind Second Point and we always had beautiful eel grass, tall, thick, and the scallops were fantastic. This last fall, we went back there and that kind of green cottony algae had kind of moved in out there. Um, and the scalloping was nowhere near as good and the eel grass was a lot less healthy. Um, I assume that's one of the allergies that you're talking about. I guess my question is, are you tracking the growth of of some of those harmful allergies as they seem to be moving down the harbor? >> That's a great question. I will pass the mic over to Tara to start. >> Hi. Um, so yes, we look at macro algae as part of our benthic surveys. Um, and we are tracking that on a yearly basis. Um the problem is is that it changes you know from month to month. So um you know we used to do our surveys the end of September we moved them up to the beginning and even just that small change affected some of the macro algae that we were recording. um with that second bend area, I think the sholing has changed too and it's becoming a little more of a hook and enclosed. And so I think that the water flow has been uh compromised and changed there and that certainly will affect um you know the way the eel grasses and and the macro algae there because it's just kind of retained. But yeah, we usually have um two different types of macro algae. One's um hydrocolium which is kind of like a black wool. um we haven't really been seeing that quite as much. We see that a lot in Madakut. And then there's another one um that they call the slime called like ectoarpus and that's kind of more like a yellowy type slimy macro algae that we see a lot. So once >> so with that and and I think Terara brings up a good point, right? Is when we look at macro algae, it's really dynamic, right? But I think we're also really starting to dial in to just how dynamic the harbor is. And I think that's one of the reasons why and and she just mentioned it briefly, we've undertaken things like the sediment transport study in the harbor to understand how sand is moving within the harbor. And I think we're learning a lot about how our harbor is moving that sediment and creating shos and creating new spots where where water is eding around but understanding how currents and bath imagery are changing as well and trying to find ways to you know regular regularly I can't talk anymore regularly monitor that and try to really round out just our knowledge of what's going on in the harbor on an annual basis if not smaller and smaller. So, um again, it's like trying to build a puzzle of infinite pieces and trying to get as many of those pieces as you can together. Just takes some time and effort. >> And I think the other thing I would just say about the macro algae is it's obviously indicative of nutrient levels also. And um certainly it's more mobile. It's not rooted the way eel grass is, so it may move around. But I know in some of the research that Alyssa has done at actually looking at the nutrient levels and the type of nitrogen and where its source is from in our eelgrass plants and surrounding sediment, it is certainly possible that a lot of the macro algae is taking up a lot of the nutrients that are coming into the harbor from the surrounding watershed. And then that is of course a factor for impacting illgrass health. Lucy. >> Hi. Um, thank you all for all the work that you do. This is just so important. Um, what is the impact of the green crab up um population overall on on the eel grass? If you can characterize it and if we were to wipe out every green crab in the harbor, would that make a a difference? I'm going to pass the microphone to Alyssa, but just by way of a funny story, Alyssa and I actually met each other back in 2017 when we were doing some initial research on the green crab population in the harbor. And um the Inquir and Mirror did a lovely article about the research we were doing, but in writing the headline for the article, I think they may have misled readers into thinking that we knew that eel grass was def or that green crabs were definitive definitively harming our eelgrass. Alyssa had been researching green crabs up on the Northshore and she called me up one day and said, "Can I see your research? How have you guys figured this out?" Of course, we hadn't. But then one thing led to another and we brought her out here to help us with the eel grass. >> I have >> um I think on Nucket green crabs are not much of an issue. Um >> a little closer. >> They they can be a stressor but you know on the northshore Maine um so north shore of Massachusetts, Maine, New Hampshire um they get very hyper abundant and so um we will get like 500 in a trap. But when you have 500 in a trap that is very detrimental to eel grass um both establishment and then also just a a population that's already established, you know, they'll come in and easily wipe out, you know, an acre um in no time at all. Here you don't see those numbers. Um I think that the system is, you know, um we say that it's challenged, but you still have a lot of components in it that keep it balanced. Um, and so, you know, you have stripe bass, you have, you know, other organisms that feed on it, um, and competitors. Um, the fact that you have blue crabs in here, that's great. That kind of keeps the population down. And so, I don't see green crabs being a major issue um, in the future. If if things don't continue to decline, you know, if you you improve this the health of the system or it stays where it is, then green crabs should should be okay here. that and that's just you know based on my experience working in other systems. >> Oh yes, go go go. Yeah, go ahead. Turn it into fertilizer. You know that's inc. It's an invasive so there's no reason why um it's not providing Yeah. any great services. >> It's not as much of a priority for us as it is in some other systems. >> Yes. >> Okay, I'll take a walk here. Um, kind of piggybacking off of that, and sorry if I missed it. Um, how did you directly attribute some of the loss of the seaggrass in Fifth Bend to the spider crabs? Did you just see more of them? >> We Yes, we saw them. They were everywhere. >> They were everywhere at Fifth Bend. >> Got it. >> So, and that was I said it's it's very unique. Um, we went through the literature and there's only like one line in one paper back 30 years ago where somebody said we had some issues with spider crabs and this was not even in Nantucket. So, um, I we found that to be very interesting behavior. Thank you. >> Yeah, we have GoPro footage of that. It's very upsetting. >> R.J., right behind you, actually, there's a woman who's had her hand. >> All right, Alan, I'll come to you next. I know you raise your hand every time. I'm wondering if all of the dead eel grass that washes up along the shore has any value. I mean, as far as is the quantity correlating with some health in that region, or is there anything about the dead eel grass that could help determine the health of the eelgrass in that geographical area? So, you know, I can speak to the ill grass that's washing up that. Um, so you're saying it's dead. Are you If it's still green, it doesn't mean it's dead. Are you, you're seeing that it's brown? Um, so that's interesting. So, I was just going to say that anything that's green, we do try to utilize it and put it back into the system. So that's um you know if it's still alive, it looks healthy, it's been there a few days after a storm, then you can re-transplant it. Um in terms of the dead seagrass, um it depends on what time of year you're seeing it. And so it it does decline over time. Um it never completely disappears up here. And so we have peak biomass June, July, August, and then September it starts to die back a little bit. Is that is that when you're seeing it? Okay. Okay. So, that's a natural part of the cycle and that's okay. And actually having the rack up um wash up on the shoreline is great. That's great for the shore birds that are trying to um travel north I mean travel yeah north or south depending on what they're doing. Um they feed in it. Um and so that's not something that's a you know a major concern. Oh, I was just going to say it was interesting when we were doing a little bit of research on, you know, the the dead eel grass in the rack is that, you know, back in the the early 1900s, they were actually collecting it and using it for insulation. So, I thought that was kind of cool. And just to expand on what Alyssa started with, when we have been scheduling a illgrass transplant, we have regularly, especially if there's been a bit of a blow or a storm, sent volunteers out with coolers and literally filled them with the live eelgrass that still has its roots and ryomes attached on the beach. And we've taken that and we've actually used it in our transplanting efforts. Hi, thank you for putting on this uh seminar. It's very educational. Um why is the town not taking um restriction on fertilizer especially on the water front um more serious and at the state level what's going on and as far as title five and septic I know that it got to the cape but it didn't get to the islands when when will that happen >> I feel like that's a lot of questions for me all right so I'll try to go in reverse order to your questions there because they're a little bit simpler. So, um, title 5 is in effect on ant on Nucket. Um, so you do have to comply with that state regulation related to your septic system. One of the things that's gone a little bit further for both, um, Nantucket and Madakut Harbors in particular, uh, our board of health locally has determined those to be nitrogen sensitive areas and there are additional requirements in addition to Title 5 that need to be met. So, if you're within one of those areas, um, if you need to upgrade your septic system, and there are a number of triggers for those, I won't try to go through all of them because one I won't remember. Um, but I would encourage you to speak to our our local health department. They'd be able to answer that. You're required to go to an innovative alternative system or I system just for short. Um, and those when utilized correctly uh do reduce or have been shown to reduce nitrogen from uh the waste water that comes out of those systems and goes into your leech field. So, uh we could probably talk for 2 hours just about the functionality of IIA systems and septic systems. Uh so I won't bore you with that today. Uh but would definitely encourage you to reach out there. As far as fertilizer goes, um fertilizer is kind of the the the fly that we've never been able to really swat for for us at the town level. And um you know, I I'll say to this crowd that, you know, I I think the town and really all of us um could have done a better job to date in dealing with that and need to do a better job to date. I think that's a not only a town issue, but also a islandwide cultural issue for how people are managing their properties and engaging with their landscapers. Um, does the town have a a large slice of the pie in that? 100%. And it's something that we need to do better on. And I um don't want to give away stuff that's coming in the future here, but it's um major recommendations of both the harbor plan um the eelgrass management plan. it goes back to the shelfish management plan. Um, and some of those are there. There's been a lot of things around it with uh town meeting did request a islandwide fertilizer ban uh and sent that home petition up to the state. It's still sitting there with a lot of our other home rule petitions. Um, those go very quickly or very slowly. Um, and I think there's also a belief that a home rule petition to prohibit fertilizers on Nantucket uh will have a great difficulty in passing the state house for a a myriad of reasons. So, I won't go go through all of those as well, but um that is something where, you know, we we've had different levels of educational programs and outreach. They've worked to varying degrees. They haven't worked to varying degrees. Um, and again, to be frank, they they have not been good enough from our end. So, um, that's something that we are looking in the next, you know, 12 to 24 months to kind of revitalize and get back going. Um, but again, I know this is the wrong crowd to ask this to because you're here today. It will not work again if the people that live here and the residents that are here and the people that own properties and the people that do landscaping are not willing to participate in a meaningful way. You know, we can develop programs till we're blue in the face and roll them out, but the last thing anyone wants is to have the big bad town be telling you what you can do on your own property. That change will start with you and it will end with you and that's the hard part and that's really the hard nut to crack there. >> Yeah, thanks Jeff for speaking to that. I think um absolutely there needs to be a two-pronged approach and we definitely do need the town to step up and uh work on the educational component and the licensing component for our fertilizer regulations and our best management practices and working with landscapers um and doing a better job of that. And I agree, I think that there's great opportunities to revitalize that and try to rebuild that program in a better, stronger way. I also do agree that we certainly need to continue with the outreach and education to property owners as well uh so that there is better clearer directive from them uh to their landscapers and the Net Land and Water Council has been moving in that direction with our new grow native for Nantucket initiative where we really are trying to promote the use of more native plants on properties uh which is a great way to reduce the need for irrigation and fertilizer and chemical inputs. Uh, and I think a lot of that is about, as Jeff said, changing the culture to some extent, changing our idea of what is beautiful, wanting our Nantucket landscapes to actually look like Nantucket. And um, there's a lot of certainly a lot of power in that. And, um, so I agree. I I think it does need to be a two-pronged approach. And I'm definitely pleased to hear that the town is um really interested in rebuilding that program because we definitely need that as well. >> Hi, thanks. um you didn't really talk too much about uh shellfish and I was curious whether there is a um relationship between the amount of shellfish eggs that we release into the harbor based on the amount of eelgrass that they can actually hatch on and have we reached the level where we're producing more eggs or could we produce many many more eggs based on the eelgrass that we have? >> I mean that's an a very interesting question. Um, I think you know we can look at the year 2023 and I wish I would have included some pictures in it because that was a really huge recruitment year um where we had uh base sculps just recruiting everywhere. They were in the sand like all over Winnit. There were like 50 on one eel grass blade um on golf balls on horseshoe crabs that were traveling by us while we were underwater. It was insane. Um, so I think you know this the harbor certainly can support a lot of shellfish. The problem was with that year is that they recruited everywhere in the shallow waters and there was not eel grass there to support them and keep them in the water. So as soon as October rolled around and the wind started blowing, they ended up on shore. And so we ended up rescuing 14 million seed that year either from shore or in the shallows. Um the shellfish association got all the scolopers out there helping um and we moved and relocated stuff you know all over Nantucket Harbor to deeper water not necessarily even ill grass beds just to keep it out of harm's way with risk. So I think that you know we can hand the harbor can handle recruitment and scolops. They provide filtration for the water. They help improve it. Um, we don't have enough fishermen anymore though to harvest what is out there. So, you know, this year we got 12,000 bushels. Our surveys told us that there were probably around more like 20,000 bushels out there that could have come out of the water. We just don't have that, you know, um, fishing pressure anymore like we did before. So, it's kind of like an interesting area to be in right now to know how much we need to put into our shellfish production. Um, because space sculps do die after 2 years and there are other shellfish that live and continue to filter. So, you know, we're trying to match our production with what, you know, the harbor can handle, but also with, you know, what the fishery can handle because there there's lots of other good work to be doing on the harbor for improvements besides bay scolops. And so we're having to diversify a bit with that. So hopefully that answered your question. I just have one um additional question. U when we're you were talking about selecting sites for um either res restoration or protection. Um, it looked like there were a lot of eelgrass beds off CO2 on the south side and that those have really diminished. Are they gone or are you planning to work in that area or what's what's the plan for that part? We have one site outside of the cut of that east jetty right there that we um we survey every year. And also we used to put spat lines out there because there are a certain number of scallops that get washed out there. Um so yeah, there used to be a lot more eelgrass out there and now it's not. I think it's a very dynamic area. I think there's a lot of sand moving around. Um, you know, I don't I don't know as much about that area as we do inside of the harbor, but I if I were to guess, I would say that it's probably related to sedimentation. Anyone else? >> I I think that's a really good question for another reason, too, is I think as we're moving into the future and we're looking at areas especially like CO2, right? CO2 is is critical because it it it's what makes our harbor, right? Is it's the barrier beach that's there. And I think I would encourage everyone here to get a hold of some of the public resources that are there for some of the work that uh the conservation foundation and the trustees of reservations have done looking at the resiliency primarily of those areas and how that dune system is migrating and those areas are changing because they're they're moving and they're moving quite a bit. I mean, if you look at Great Point, Great Point has moved to the east pretty substantially in a pretty short amount of time. And I think those are going to be really interesting questions that we're looking at. And I know, you know, from some public presentations that have been done and some other information that's been made available where, you know, we're we're looking at how we're going to be looking at the inside of CO2 in a more resilient way, how we're going to look at areas like the holdover in a more resilient way, and whether we're going to see, you know, the potential for breaching in those areas through the Hallover and Cascada Pond could be really instantly transformative to a lot of work that's happening in the harbor for for what's going on. So again, it's one of those systems where there's a lot of moving parts and a lot of competing interests and getting all of those things to align and work together is really critical. Um especially when it comes to protecting our I can't emphasize how critical the barrier beaches and salt marshes and those immediately fronting areas are for not only our harbor health but for the health of our upland areas too. I mean they are our best defense for for all of those things for coastal flooding for sea level rise. Um they mitigate a lot of nutrients that come in from from our inputs. Those areas are our best buffer and our best protection and cannot be invested in enough. Personal opinion, I'll say that too. But um I I think those discussions are happening, but definitely encourage all of you to, you know, get together with those groups and find out what's happening on some of those important properties, too. >> Thanks, Jeeoff. There's another question back there, R.J. I might send you for that walk. This was touched on a moment ago, but I'm wondering about storm water runoff, but not including fertilizer. What beyond fertilizer is uh a problem and how much of a problem start. >> All right, >> I'll get started on that one. So, when we look at our our nutrient inputs into the harbor and uh Tara or I know our water quality specialist Emma is here too, she can correct me when I when I get this totally wrong. But when we talk about managing our nutrient inputs to the harbor, we're really looking at three major pieces that we have kind of direct influence over. And we've talked about all of them. Now, we've gotten to storm water. So, we're typically looking at waste water. So, that's our septics and our sewers and how those are managing nutrients. um fertilizers and how they're contributing. But then also just overland runoff and storm water where you know when you really think about what happens when it rains, you know, you get a significant rain event, it hits the roads, it hits lawns, and whatever's on top of those roads, what'sever on top of those lawns is ultimately getting into our surface water bodies, it's getting into our groundwater, it's getting in in into the harbor. Um, and it's another area where frankly there's just we've started to the land and water council with our our storm water division of our sewer department has started to collect information on what the constituents of that storm water are and looking at it in more detail. Um, but working to manage those better. I think we're starting to see islandwide kind of a narrative shift in how we're managing those. I think we've seen a number of interesting little I know we always call them rain gardens and other parks, but they're they're essentially storm water filters that go in. There's a really great one on the corner of uh Eastn Street um used to be two North Beach Street. on East and Beach Street there uh that the land bank put in and its purpose is to take in that roadway runoff, put it in, let vegetated wetlands do what they do and take things out, put them into the plants and hopefully get cleaner water to either leave that area or filter down and get into groundwater a better product than what it went in. So, um we're seeing that. I think we're seeing that, you know, the local conservation commission started to address storm water a bit more on properties uh for how they're managing, but I also think it's something that with the town's commitment to storm water um really in the last couple years to inspect and maintain all those systems. I know we're actively working on developing a set of storm water regulations. Yes, I know it's just more rules and regulations to follow, but it will at least set a standard for everyone to hopefully follow so we can reduce that input as well because that's kind of the the third piece that needs to get tackled u as far as our major inputs. So hopefully I got that pretty close. One more thing that I wanted to share with everyone before we wrap up um is something that I know we're pretty excited about and has been brought up uh a couple times this afternoon, which is our moorings um out in the harbor. And we have been having conversations with our harbor master, as the town has, for quite a long time. Um, we managed to convince her a couple of years ago to, um, put some experimental alternative gear on our water keeper boat, which is mored out in Monoy, in an effort to see how well it would do at holding our boat during a storm and also uh, hopefully alleviate some of that damage and pressure to the surrounding eelgrass. And I might kick this over to R.J. just to talk a little bit more about what that gear looks like. But after 2 years and um surviving some good storms and and strong winds um it seems as though Sheila is Sheila Lucy the Nantk at harbor master is o very open to the idea of initiating some form of pilot program to expand that with a number of other vessels and we're just in the very early stages of discussing that. Um and we'll certainly be doing so with the town and and figure out what the best way is to move forward. But it's exciting to see the potential for some improvement with the types of mooring gear that we use because it really is such lowhanging fruit as far as uh preventing that damage and allowing eelgrass to restore in those scarred areas. So RJ, I don't know if you want to give just a quick overview of what the gear actually consists of that we've been using. >> Yeah. So um Sheila's very old school Coast Guard. So the traditional eco-friendly eelrass friendly mooring is a spiral anchor that goes a helix anchor it's called that goes into the bottom and then it's a big elastic band a big bungee cord to the moing ball. Sheila doesn't like the helix anchor. She doesn't think they'll get taken out. She thinks they'll stay in the bottom um over the course of scoloping season. A scolop dredge will snag it. That skull bow will go down. Somebody could get hurt. Somebody could die. So we have been working with her for two years now to find an alternative design. And the design that we are happy with is a pyramid anchor which then goes to the bungee which then goes to the moing ball and it has held well for a couple of years now. Uh our boat went on an adventure last October but it was for the traditional tackle on top. It had nothing to do with what's below. We care about eliminating the chain. We don't want the chain when the tide gets low to scour in circles and circles. And if you think about how many moorings there are, that adds up in square footage for eel grass that was going to grow there that will not be there because we scout it out. The good news is we get to keep our boats. So, we are really, really close to starting that pilot program Emily was referring to and I'd love to talk your ear off if you have a moing and are interested. Uh, but we're trending that direction and we're really happy with it. So, um, I just want to make sure there's no more other burning questions and then I think we'll probably wrap this up. Um, there are a few materials on your chair in addition to your your program. There's a little card about our grow native for Nucket initiative with a QR code that will take you to that website. And there's also a really wonderful brochure that we printed a number of years ago with the Nantucket Conservation Foundation and the Nantucket Biodiversity Initiative, which is a pretty comprehensive list of Nantucket native plants. Um, and it also provides some information on um location for them and the types of plants that they are. And this is a really useful tool if you're talking to your landscaper, if you're going to a nursery on island. There's a number uh Morsen Farm, Surfing Hydrangeanger. Uh there's a quite a few places that stock some of our native plants, but you can bring this with you. You can talk to them about what they have if you're looking to supplement some of your garden beds or other parts of your landscape. Hang on to this as a reference. It's also available online on our website. Um so with that, I thank you all so much for coming. Thanks again to our speakers and um please join us outside on the lawn.

- Nantucket Land Council's State of the Harbor 2021 Forum: Green Boating for a Healthy Harbor: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] okay hello everyone good evening thanks so much for joining us tonight welcome to the nantucket land council's fifth annual state of the harbor forum a special thank you to the land council's water fund and water fund supporters who make all of our water programs including these educational programs possible as well as our sponsors tonight anderson stillwater moorings the nantucket shellfish association as well as steve visco and visco pumping i want to thank all of you for coming and also recognize that we have an audience out there in zoom land and i want to thank all of them for tuning in this afternoon as well i am going to take a minute just to walk you through what our program's going to be for the afternoon when i'm done with the introduction i will introduce our harbor master to talk a little bit about boat use and the work that she does with her department in our harbors r.j turcotte the nantucket water keeper is going to talk a little bit more about the land council's recent green boating campaign and also the marine resources that we're all working so hard to protect out there we'll just touch a little bit on policy and regulations and then focus in on some more specific issues of concern that sheila our harbour master will walk us through we'll talk a little bit about what we can all continue to do to contribute to protecting the health of our harbor and i'm also going to invite the town's coastal resilience coordinator to come up at the end to share an update on the town's coastal resilience planning process before we get to our questions and answers i will ask everyone to hold their questions to the end and just a note for the folks who are out there on zoom you all will have a q a box on your screen you're welcome to enter questions into that at any time and we'll have rj looking through those at the end of the program so we'll be able to take some live questions as well as some over zoom as well so just a little bit of background most of you may be familiar with the land council we primarily have worked as an environmental advocacy organization on the island since 1974 and while we really have increased our water focus the last 10 years or so we had a pretty big emphasis on preserving the island's waters from the very beginning and that included looking at our sole source aquifer taking groundwater level measurements for the u.s geologic survey starting in the 80s we also back around 1990 contracted with a consulting firm horsley whitten and hegman to look at and evaluate our island's watersheds and the watershed delineations that they created and mapped out in 1990 are the ones primarily that our island is still using today for a lot of our policies and decision making so that may have been one of the more influential projects that the land council had worked on we also worked in the late 80s and 90s with the town health department and marine department and scientists from the woods hole oceanographic institution including brian howes to do one of the primary baseline studies looking quantitatively at the health of the harbor in order to formulate a nutrient management plan going forward and brian house as many of you may know became pretty instrumental through his work with the state estuaries program at evaluating our harbors and estuaries and helping us establish nutrient management plans for many of them going forward the lane council has also been really supportive and involved in the town's policies on the harbor health all along and we began these state of the harbor forums back in 2017. i thought since this is our fifth year i would just take a quick look back at where we've been the first one was more of an overview of all of the different uh factors influencing the health of our harbor resources we looked at general water quality with the town natural resources department as well as storm water influences and boat use we took a close look in 2018 with david gray at the sewer main failure which was a pretty hot topic at the time if you all recall in 2019 we had a few presentations on restoration projects taking place in the harbor and last year we focused a little bit more broadly on climate change and sea level rise impacts and we did that one remotely so this year we're experimenting with a new hybrid program offering people the option to tune in from home as well i know we have a number of folks out there listening but thanks to all of you for being here in person today so our speakers besides myself as i mentioned will be the nantucket water keeper uh with the nantucket land council rj turcotte as well as sheila lucy who is the town of nantucket's harbour master and then as i mentioned vince murphy the coastal resilience coordinator for the town will give us a little bit of an update on his work at the end of the presentation so with that i am going to turn it over to sheila to talk to us a little bit about boat use and the work that her department does okay um so i'm going to start out with uh the boat use nantucket starts ramping up in mid-may although it's been it was earlier last year and this year i think mostly because of covid people were working remotely and working different hours so they wanted to put their boats in earlier and also because it's a it was a socially distance safe activity to do so we saw a big increase in boating last year and this year earlier like people were starting to call me in april um asking me where the buoys were and where things were so um we have approximately 40 ferry trips per day and we get three cruise ships per week that um the launch their launch is offload at uh towncare um we have 12 charter boats in nantucket we have two tour boats two major boat clubs with approximately 15 boats and we have one boat rental that's located at the bolt basin with uh six to eight boats we have uh 240 slips at the boat basin 10 at the white elephant 88 recreational slips of the town pierre 125 rental moorings and by the army corps of engineers we are permitted to have 1800 um private moorings we are not at that number right now we're lower than that right now um things typically wind down mid october but again last year it extended longer and i have a feeling the same thing is going to happen this year commercial scalping starts on november 1st mornings are required to be out of the water in scalloping areas on october 15th it's one of our regulations that we enforce we've made some improvements because of all the water use and some of our improvements are that we are really encouraging use of four-stroke engines because they're more environmentally friendly we have extended the no wake zone we've moved the no wake zone out so it's further from the horseshed we have also been enforcing the no wake zone especially with the ferries in commercial traffic um year-round instead of just seasonally and it seems to have been working well we also have put on no wake louie right by brandt point we also have another one up by first point so there should be no wake or speeding through the harbor once you get to first point if you're coming down from up harbor or once you get inside the zone from just by the cutting the jetties all the way into the harbor six miles an hour is maximum speed limit and uh no wake is acceptable okay then we'll talk a little bit about uh the heart master's office and myself i was in the coast guard for 25 years i retired as the officer in charge of coast guard station brandt point in 2007. i came to nantucket in 2002 this is my 20th summer on nantucket both in the coast guard in my current position i have over 20 years of training and experience in environmental protection and pollution response heart masters office has four times four full-time personnel and 70 seasonal employees we manage three harbors 11 morning fields two anchorages five navigable channels three ramps in town landings the lifeguard program inshore search and rescue and some other things that i'll get into in a minute we are charged with the management and physical labor for beaches we provide the beach maintenance plant we clean all town-owned beaches and assist the land bank and conservation foundation with their respective beaches in and off season we maintain a beach hotline where people can call and report uh any types of pollution or debris or something that needs to be cleaned up we maintain the beach access signs um for public safety so there's signs on the beach if somebody was to have an accident on the beach there's a sign on the beach and assign on the roadway for first responders to know exactly where they need to go to send either an ambulance a fire truck a police car or whatever it may be i've also put gps positions on all of those in case we need a helicopter to land out there from the coast guard or if somebody is responding by boat um it gives them the closest access to um we provide safety advisories to the public about beaches through our media through um inky alerts and social media we're in charge of the lifeguard programs we have 55 lifeguards and we lifeguard five guarded beaches nine garter beaches excuse me um we provide we have two year-round lifeguards on staff so that if something comes up in the time we have those two guys are available they do the first aid and cpr emergency medical responder training to lifeguards doc staff police community service officers and dispatch personnel we perform maintenance on six buildings and 10 floating docks throughout the throughout the island we manage and maintain 100 slip marina we managed to maintain the only dinghy docks on the island tylen pier hosts hundreds of transient vessels and is loading an unloading dock for the through three cruise ships per week we maintain the oil pollution response plan for the island work with the coast guard the dep the epa and local parties for oil pollution prevention and response we conduct drills semi-annually with harbor fuel and our local partners we made two oil pollution response trailers boom equipment and anything else that's required by state local or federal agencies we're closely with the coast guard we perform inshore search and rescue missions in tuckernut muskege nantucket up harbor we do the inshore stuff so that they can save their assets to respond to the bigger incidents that happen offshore although we are co we train with them regularly so we can ask act as a force multiplier to them should we have a significant event with a ferry or some other catastrophic event out in nantucket sound maintain the pump up program we maintain the boat and equipment we operate 12 hours a day seven days a week from may 15th to september 15th we document the pump outs and the program for grant opportunities and record keeping we maintain and commission decommission all the aids navigation in the head of the harbor pulpis harbor eel point great harbor yacht club channel lawrence landing hither creek responsible from 96 aids to navigation they have to be registered with the coast guard and noaa we mark our we mark all hazards rocks in no wake zones uh we have 10 no anchoring buoys around hussey shoal that we maintain as well we participate in state and federal waterways acts and register and license everything that we have with the coast guard we enforce nantucket by lost massachusetts general laws pertaining to harvest docks piers wars pollution and anything else that's applicable to the harbor masters authority we manage ensure compliance with eighteen hundred private markets 125 rental moorings we put we perform mooring inspections approximately 250 annually and we coordinate and train with eight separate mooring handling companies we do public education we conduct recreational safe boarding classes to the public and we license junior operators for the state of massachusetts we conduct regular uh recreational safe boating patrols and that's it i think that's everything you sure is it first of all congratulations on your 20th year sheila that's awesome okay so i am rg tarkov the nantucket water keeper uh that's a program under the nantucket land council as of 2020 so as a little background on the waterkeeper movement this started on the hudson river um when there was serious serious industrial pollution a group of blue-collar fishermen got together and formed what was then the first riverkeeper ever and their job was to be an advocate so the state didn't want to help out with these issues and these water quality issues these fishery issues the federal government didn't want to help out the local government didn't want to help out so a group of fishermen got together and basically acted as their own attorney general and brought cases forward and helped bring the hudson river back and that was the first one it led to what is now over 300 non-profit organizations from right here in nantucket all the way to the himalayas and the rivers that are flowing out of there so a keeper can be a riverkeeper a bay keeper a lake keeper really any body of water the thing that the alliance is created for is to have non-profits that work together to protect one thing and one thing only and that's clean water that's swimmable fishable drinkable water for everyone not just a few not just the people who can afford to live somewhere else everyone and it's really taken off as you can see on the slide we were the 354th waterkeeper group in 2020 there's over 45 countries i think every continent now except for the one way south uh over two and three quarter million miles of waterways protected and the north atlantic region now has 27 water keeper groups including ourselves over the nine states and 53 000 miles of waterways protected and we all these water keeper groups work together we meet every month and talk about these issues in our region every region has different issues the northeast has a lot of old infrastructure and a lot of legacy pollution they call it so our that little red rectangle on the slide is technically our jurisdiction the other light blue ones are cad render or gis renderings of the other watersheds that are protected ours isn't on the map yet so i just put a red rectangle with an arrow on it so you can see nantucket if you weren't familiar with where you are right now the next slide please okay so water keepers uh it sounds really fancy i don't have a badge i don't have a cool pair of aviator sunglasses i don't have any authority like sheila does or like a police officer what i am is the eyes and ears for the community so if you see an issue that you think needs to be addressed feel free to reach out give me a call send me an email and we'll find a way to address it they you just heard sheila rattle off all of the things that she has to do and all of the things she has to keep track of every year and she's great it's really amazing to be part of a water keeper group that doesn't have to have an adversarial relationship with the local government but she can't get to everything she can't see everything so that's where we come in we try to be eyes and ears out on the water and we can't do it without you we can't do it without members of the community who care and are out there and want to address some of the issues that are are going on all right so there's a few things that we are focusing on and specifically in nantucket harbor we're looking at eelgrass decline so eelgrass is a very very critical species a keystone species a nursery for almost all of our beloved fish crustaceans shellfish in our waters they are a carbon sink they can take wave energy and wave action away during storms and they are pretty critical and unfortunately up and down the east coast as well as all over the world we're losing seagrass so the water keeper program is focusing on the eelgrass and nantucket harbor as well as madikat harbor and trying to a monitor it and be trying to bring it back where we can and where it's possible invasive species are another one we have a very robust species of green crabs european green crabs here on nantucket they're very aggressive they compete not only with each other but with the local species they love to eat baby scallops they love soft shells clams and they love ripping eelgrass out of the bottom literally just ripping it straight out of the bottom so we're working to try to find a market for them and trying to find a use for them so that we can start to bring that population down and help out our local species another thing that we're focusing on is harmful algal blooms so this is something that seems to every year be getting worse and worse and every year we learn more and more about so 20 years ago there weren't too many people talking about harmful algal blooms on ponds or in marine ecosystems but now as the waters are getting warmer due to climate change and as we're learning more and more about these cyanobacteria species we're learning that they produce toxins we're learning that they out compete eel grass and other local species and they're a problem so we've been really focused on trying to address those issues and of course like every environmental group we are grappling with climate change and sea level rise and there are few places where it's more difficult to deal with than a community that is surrounded by the atlantic ocean so that is forefront on our minds and lastly on the slide we are addressing plastics as well so plastics were a great idea we invented them 100 years ago and we didn't really think about what was going to happen to them when we were finished with them and every single piece of plastic we made since then is still with us and we are working with the dpw nantucket dpw as well as umass boston to monitor our beaches take samples and figure out exactly how much plastic we're dealing with in our waters and on the beaches and that's sort of just the tip of the iceberg for a small non-profit but those are some things that this program is focusing on so this next slide is actually our jurisdiction so it's kind of hard to see but that blue outline which extends five nautical miles off of nantucket and goes all the way to hyannis that's our extra territorial jurisdiction as a water keeper group so any water resource issues or projects or anything like that that comes within that blue umbrella which is about 700 square miles we are the ones that the national water keeper alliance looks to to take the lead on it doesn't mean that we'll necessarily speak on every single thing going on in hyannis but as the group that is a nantucket water keeper we can our main jurisdiction is 131 square miles it consists of all the land nantucket has muskeget tuckernuck and one nautical mile extending offshore so that's our main jurisdiction that's where we do most of our restoration work our monitoring work um in our advocacy work so why do we care why do we spend so much time out on the water pulling green crabs out in pots and planting eelgrass a community like this our whole identity really is based on boats when unless you're flying here which good for you if you're not flying here you're taking a boat you're taking a ferry and nantucket harbor is the first thing you see when you come in and it's the last thing you see when you leave and most of the big events every year go on out there people from all over the world to anchor here and to come and explore downtown and see the whaling museum but it all starts on the water it all starts with our water resources and without them nantucket would be like any other town in massachusetts so we are working really hard to try and preserve our number one resource here and keep it for not only the economy but for future generations just to be able to enjoy and just be able to go fishing or wakeboarding or whatever it is that you're into take it away all right thanks rj so i just want to take a few minutes now to talk a little bit more about one of the primary aspects of our harbor resources that we've been focusing a lot on both the land council and the town i think the island as a whole which is our our eelgrass and eelgrass as rj mentioned is really a critical resource for a number of different reasons the list of ecosystem services that eelgrass provides to us is pretty long as he mentioned it really provides the structure out there for that habitat and for that environment i like to talk about it in reference to the trees of a rain forest if you think about all of the diversity the biodiversity that you have in a rainforest and then you imagine taking away the trees taking away that structure and habitat there's not a whole lot left of that ecosystem as far as support and that's really the role that eelgrass plays for us in our harbors it provides habitat for the nursery nursery for the fin fish also obviously for our shellfish certainly for our base scallops it also is a great resource for wave attenuation as rj mentioned during storms it really helps to buffer the shoreline from erosion and wave impacts and also when you have a healthy eelgrass meadow it helps to hold the sediment in place and really stabilize the harbor bottom similar to how beech grass does coastal dune it really has a similar impact on the bottom of our harbors and then finally there's more and more research going on that indicates that it's an incredibly important carbon sink for us these days and that's another thing that everyone's getting pretty excited about as far as trying to maintain the health of these habitats so we're really concerned about eelgrass because there are also an equally long list of threats to its ongoing health and stability some of these are natural threats that are beyond our control mother nature storms significant storms i'm sure we've all seen piles of healthy looking eelgrass washed up on the beach after a strong blow or some big waves and a big storm surge we also are dealing as rj said with climate change and warming water temperatures that's something that the land council's research has documented at this point that the eelgrass in nantucket harbor is thermally stressed and that's not likely to improve anytime soon so these are factors that are not necessarily directly in our control but there are others that that are in our control and that's really why we're here today in addition to nutrient pollution some of our land use practices which is something that this island and community has really gotten behind and focused on boating activities can also impact eelgrass and we talk a lot about water quality and the importance of water quality but there's also kind of a secondary impact of degraded water quality which is that the overall health of the eelgrass starts to decline so when you have activities such as fishing or anchoring or mooring that has a tendency to create a physical disturbance at one point in time that yield grass may have been very resilient to those disturbances and maybe could regenerate and grow back pretty easily but when you have a population of eelgrass that's really struggling to get enough light to photosynthesize it's not going to be as resilient anymore so water quality is important but we're also starting to look at some of these other physical impacts from boating activities and invasive species such as green crabs so we have been working a lot with the town in a pretty coordinated effort to monitor our eelgrass back in 2015 the land council worked to support the town's aerial flyover to do some monitoring of eelgrass and sort of a big picture approach looking at the distribution of the eelgrass beds and that's when we were able to document up to a 30 loss of the extent of the eelgrass in nantucket harbor we also have been working with some researchers out of boston university on a health assessment throughout nantucket at more of a regional look of the health of the eelgrass meadows and we moved that work over to madiket harbor last year as well the town has been continuing some long-term research on the harbor health looking at some different shellfish resources as well as the eelgrass and the vegetation in the harbor bottom looking a little bit more site-specific and localized and monitoring the health of these specific areas over time so it creates this three-tiered approach that really complements each other and long-term we're working to carry that forward so we can really document the health of the eelgrass into the future many of you are aware that the land council began a yale grass restoration project back in 2018 as an attempt to see if we could re-establish about a half acre of eelgrass off of second pier and monomoy this is an area where we know eelgrass had once existed and had been a pretty healthy meadow out there but we could see through aerial footage and also anecdotally had heard from some fishermen that after some significant nor'easters there really seemed to be some shoaling events that buried that area with sand and the eelgrass just never really recovered so we have been working to physically transplant eelgrass to that location the harbour masters helped us out a lot there by helping to close it off to anchoring and to shell fishing while we've been doing the restoration work it's been a pretty big collaborative effort we've had a lot of support from the town of nantucket natural resources department from anderson stillwater moorings the sunken ship and a whole lot of community volunteers who've come out to dive with us to physically do some underwater gardening so this process is basically removing some shoots of eelgrass from a really healthy eelgrass meadow hussey shoal out in the middle of the harbor and we really just break it off at the rhizome without disturbing the parent plant and we take those shoots and we bundle them together and we bring them over to monomoy to our transplant site and we literally work along transects and we dig holes and we plant bunches of these eelgrass shoots to let them re-establish over the years we've been looking at monitoring this area with survival in general things like shoot density percent cover the canopy height of the eelgrass that's there and the results have really been quite good 50 to 60 percent survival might not sound great but when it comes to this type of eelgrass transplant and restoration it's about as good as you can expect so we're really pretty pleased to see this level of success six and 12 months out one of the reasons that we suspect we're getting and achieving the success is because the area has been closed to anchoring and shellfishing and we think that it's helped to just enable it to recover both vegetatively and allowing seeds seed production restoration in there as well so i actually pulled a few stills from a monitoring video we have this white disc was used with a gopro camera under a boat in order to take a look at eelgrass density you can see just on the other side of the transect line just some small clumps of eelgrass that had just been planted this season and there's a couple more that's sort of what the area looks like right after we've been down there planting some eelgrass and then farther along the transect you start to get into areas that were planted 6 months 12 months 18 months before where these areas are starting to actually coalesce and vegetatively grow fill in with seed as well from the surrounding area and this is eventually what we want to happen to this entire half acre area and beyond so we are really pleased we're seeing a lot of this success and we're going to continue to work on that into the future we also are working with the town's natural resources department now to experiment with some seeding options as well we've been out and harvested some reproductive plants with seeds that the natural resources department is storing for us in a flow-through tank at the hatchery and when those are mature later in the season we'll be putting them out using a variety of techniques in the same area to experiment with actual seeding and it's important for us to play around with some of these different methods as tools in the toolbox so when we think about eelgrass impacts in different parts of the harbor we have a sense of what is available to us as a means to help to restore these areas in the future so with that i'm going to turn it back over to rj to talk a little bit more about our green boating campaign that the land council is working on this year all right awesome thank you emily so there were some drone shots in the beginning of the presentation showing basically winter when the harbor's empty right into summer right into this time of year and into august where we have you could almost walk across the harbor the number of boats that are anchored or moored in there and fortunately boats have come an extraordinary way in the last 20 30 40 years they are not the black smoke belching oil leaking breaking down sinking scuttling old boats that we imagine that you see in jaws and movies like that these are very efficient very well made new machines that follow pretty strict regulations one of the biggest ones which i think sheila will touch on later is is switching to a four-stroke instead of a two-stroke motor for the outboards which is the majority of the motors out here and they've come a long way they really have but with so many in the harbor we still see environmental impacts and at this point it's getting down to the nitty-gritty it's getting down to the detail work it's getting down to properly maintaining your boat and making sure that it's running the way it was intended to when they built it because that's when you start to run into some of the environmental issues that cause problems for eelgrass and some of our other species so we started a campaign the water keeper program this spring through june just basically going over some of these really basic things that basically come with your owner's manual if you still have it so the first one is when you're cleaning it especially if it's on the water avoid using harsh solvents you can use vinegar and you be surprised how much you can get off just using a good old scrub brush and some water you can even use baking soda but you don't need to use anything too harsh or too stringent because that just runs straight off your boat into the harbor the next ones are paint for both the bottom and top sides of your boat so the old bottom paints used to be really toxic they used to have metals in them they're moving away from that they're coming up with formulas that do their job without actually being as toxic and they're a lot slicker and they prevent marine growth to grow on there so those are options they are expensive but it's pretty complex chemistry and they are worth it and then painting your top sides as well using a non-oil-based polyurethane paints that can hold up to uv damage is really helpful and it'll actually improve the longevity of your own boat this one basically if you're a sailor or even if you have a motorboat if you do not keep your boat bottom clean you are really really really going to kill the performance of your boat you're going to use more fuel and that's bad for the environment as well so keeping that bottom clean and keeping growth barnacles algae all that good stuff off it really helps not only for you to get where you're going and have a good time but to use less fuel which is good for the environment keeping your engine well tuned this one again these are very basic tune-ups every year allow you to use less fuel and run more effectively and make sure you don't have any leaks and gear oil going into the harbor things like that number six i believe so this is another one that unfortunately we have to tell people pretty frequently it's the fall of no wake zones so when you come into a constricted channel your wake can not only rock boats that are moored and sometimes cause them to break free but it can also cause calving of salt marshes and eroding of the shoreline so slowing down once you're into these no wake zones is pretty critical environmentally anchor responsibly this is a pretty easy one as well if you have the proper ground tackle on your boat and your anchor is heavy enough and you have the proper scope of line and chain your anchor won't drag your boat will stay in place and especially as sheila mentioned earlier hussey troll in our restoration areas do not anchor those in those areas those are areas that have good eelgrass and that we're trying to bring back and anchoring properly and using the proper equipment will really go a long way in the other areas where you are allowed don't dump into the harbor that one's an old one that's pretty well enforced we do our best to keep the trash and harvard to a minimum but definitely clean up after yourselves keep greying blackwater out so modern boats now they're moving away from having a separate gray water tank but any sewage or anything you use to wash your dishes on board things like should be pumped out and there are many pump out options which shield will cover later that don't cost you anything all you have to do is hand them on the radio bilgewater is another one so you can put in a build stock like this one and it'll absorb any of the fluids that your boat's leaking before you pump it out into the harbor so that's another easy one great thanks rj i think now we're just going to ask sheila to briefly mention some of the regulations that are applicable to us here on nantucket and then just move into a few specific topics of concern okay so like we said before we uh we enforced uh no dis it's a federal no discharge zone and uh we enforce that on we also enforce the nantucket bylaws for moorings anchorages pollution response anything like that as well as the massachusetts state laws so if we do have some type of an event we will involve the coast guard so they will get ticketed federally we will ticket them through the state and we will ticket them locally um if we do have a pollution event we have had two so far this summer both of them have been gasoline which evaporates very quickly and you're not supposed to boom gasoline off you're supposed to let it dissipate with the tide which is which is what happened um but we have taken enforcement action along with the coast guard on both of those vessels um okay i'm talking anchoring first okay so anchoring so as i said we set the 10 no anchor buoys around hussey shoal we enforce it in their uh restoration you cannot anchor past first point in a vessel that's greater than 30 feet and no vessel can anchor past first point overnight um we do let people go up inside the bends and day trip and uh have lunch have a picnic do whatever they do they can anchor then but if they're over 30 feet we tell them they cannot they cannot be in there um we have advertised our no anchor zones with noah uh the coast guard um it's in the it's in and it's in the coast pilot in all kinds of sailing magazines i've reached out to everybody we can think of to tell them if they see those no anchor uh buoys that we we mean business and that is it is not acceptable for them to anchor in those areas the anchorage usually doesn't get stupid until august um so we're still a little bit ahead of schedule but we end up getting a lot of big boats and a lot of um that's when we really have to work at it to keep everybody in the areas that we want to keep them if you've noticed lately a lot of the huge huge mega yachts are now anchoring outside um by you know off the north shore and there's a lot of north shore residents that are not happy with that we are because they're not in farmer so that's anchoring okay i'm gonna talk about pump out okay we're on the water as i said twelve hours a day from seven a.m to seven pm from may 15 to september 15th unless the weather is absolutely horrifying we pump annually pump between 25 000 and 30 000 gallons of black and gray water combined with the nantucket boat basin we pump between 75 000 and 100 000 gallons annually the nantucket boat basin has a system where the big boats can just uh pipe right in to the system they also have a cart that rides around and provides pump outs we have up the head hunter which is our pump up bolt we have just ordered a second pump up bolt and we have a portable pump that we could put onto a third boat should should we need to we also have a side pump there's a dark side pump at maticate marine and there's a dark side pump down at um well it's a portable one down at the great harbor yacht club uh one thing that we've done this year that we have never done before but we used to do it i guess during big um big events but we just purchased 8 000 dye tabs um for the nantucket boat basin to give to their customers and also for us to give to the people on their moorings and on in in the anchorages so and what that what will happen there is if they pump illegally over their side we'll see it and we'll know exactly where to go as i said the head hunters out there every single day every boat's going to be issued one of those and we'll be keeping a look out for them so i feel like that's a a big improvement um for this year yep there was a headhunter and then was next completion response morning oh ones okay well i'll just talk about we do that i already talked about it a little bit we do the pollution response we maintain the pollution plan and um if we have a report like i said we contact dep the coast guard and we ourselves will go out and take a look at next topic is moorings by the army corps of engineers we are authorized to have 1800 moorings as i said we have not ish we didn't currently do not have 1800 in we did not issue any moorings we have not issued any more since 2019 um we didn't issue any during covid and we just haven't had time to issue any so we're taking a good look at it and where we're gonna let them go and what they're gonna do we're testing several environmentally friendly moorings um currently our you know everybody thought the answer was helix moorings the helix moorings that we've used on nantucket are not the answer you still have the chain scour it's just uh the helix is down and it has chain attached to it so it's just like having an anchor the only difference is you can't pull a helix so in my opinion it's a huge safety concern for our scalpers um if they get you know pulling their dredges along and they get hooked up into a helix that doesn't have a cap on it it could pull him down by the stern swamp them and cause some significant issues for him so what we're working on is a um it's a dyneema type of a line that floats has no chain attached to a pyramid anchor pyramid anchor has incredible holding power that's what the coast guard in we use for our buoys because the holding power is so much greater than than a mushroom maker or a concrete block or something like that so we're working with that and we're going to uh a couple of them i'm gonna put a town board on them they're gonna put their boat on it and we're gonna see see how we do but um we we're we're constantly talking to people just to get some guarantees on on the right way to do this great thank you sheila welcome really appreciate all those comments and thoughts on those issues those are some of the big ones i think and maybe we'll get to talk some more about those a little bit later on so i just wanted to recognize some of the organizations here on island that are particularly involved with our harbor resources obviously the harbor masters department and the town of nantucket's natural also the harbor and shellfish advisory board which i'll talk a little bit more about in a moment our water keeper program and the nantucket shellfish association who's particularly focused on the health of the harbor resources and the shellfish as well as supporting the local fishermen so i just wanted to take a moment to point out the work that the harbor and shellfish advisory board is doing and that they are out there they're not necessarily a resource that everyone is aware of they're not regulatory in nature they were established more as an advisory board and their focus or their mission is really to try to help ensure appropriate access as well as balanced uses and the preservation of our water and the health of our marine resources they their purpose is really to support and make recommendations to town officials in policy and regulatory matters or planning processes that are relevant to the harbor they have regular meetings there's a lot of expertise on their board so they're another resource for the public i think as far as raising issues for further discussion and deliberation that could then lead to potential recommendations for policy changes in the future i know a couple of their members are here so maybe we'll we can hear from them if anyone has questions about their work and then i would be remiss if i didn't talk a little bit about some of our local harbor policy the nantucket and maticat harbors action plan was approved by the state in 2009 and this is a document that took inventory of all of our harbor resources as well as the important uses that the community has for our harbors the purpose was really to help to establish goals and to make recommendations around policy and regulation that addressed all interests in the harbor boat use environmental protection and that the result of that harbor plan was then the production and implementation of the shellfish management plan there was a harbor plan implementation committee who worked over many years to try to see that a lot of these recommendations were implemented and there certainly were some policy and regulatory changes that came about as a result so this plan now that it's more than 10 years old is due to be updated and the town is looking to begin that process i believe next year and i think it will be a great opportunity for members of the community and the public to get involved in discussions around how we're managing our harbor resources and any potential recommendations or changes so i know the land council is looking forward to participating in the process and i just think it's something that the community should be aware of i think it'll be a great opportunity for us to just take a closer look at how we're managing our harbors and with that i will just turn it back over to rj to throw out a few reminders about what we can all do all right thank you emily so there are a lot of issues that we're dealing with and there's a lot of people out here but we're optimistic we can have our cake and eat it too as funny of a saying as that is we can have all these boating activities we can go fishing we can go shell fishing and also have good water quality and have eel grass and have scallops and all those good things so we are always looking for volunteers to help us out with the eelgrass project with the water quality projects all that stuff pictured here is sensors that we have set up around both harbors they're in the water this one's a control sensor so it's actually on a marsh and they monitor light and temperature and we can figure out exactly what the is experiencing and we know exactly what they can tolerate so that's one practice green boating so not to plug our own campaign from the spring but keep your boat well tuned keep the bottom clean use environmentally friendly products these are the details that will really help if we're all pulling in the same direction especially when there are so many boats in the harbor they are efficient they run clean but you do need to maintain and as a water keeper program if you guys are out there and you see something say something it has been said a million times before for a lot of issues um a few weeks ago we had someone sent us an email with this photo they were concerned that some sort of petroleum was leaking into the harbor uh i went out it turned out to be benign it was just a seep but we'd rather hear from you if you have a concern then let it go unchecked so if you do see an issue let us know and we'll work to address it so another thing is to stay engaged in the community there are public meetings going on almost every week we're working on updating the wetlands regulations working on the harbor plan there's a coastal resilience plan which we'll get to in a little bit there are so many ways for you guys to get involved and have control over how our water resources are managed and are being used and we want to hear from you we want to hear your voices the more the merrier because we're all stakeholders and we're all using these resources so it's important to hear from you and if you can't make it you can write a letter let us know we're at these emily myself we're at these meetings and we can comment as well so really in any way you can advocate for preserving our marine resources and water quality do so every little bit helps to get us over the line thanks rj okay so before we actually get to question and answer time i just wanted to take this opportunity to introduce vince murphy who's the town's coastal resilience coordinator it's hard not to it's hard to talk about the harbor and not bring up the coastal resilience planning work that the town is doing right now so i've just asked vince to provide a little update on where the planning process is at and also a little reminder of how the community can have some input and be involved thank you very much emily can everyone hear me okay is this all right okay i'll speak as loudly as i can and i might have to go a little bit lower than normal towards the microphone so obviously uh for those that don't know me i'm irish i do have a bit of a problem with an accent if you have any questions or can't understand me just raise a hand and i'll try and make myself clear we've had a lot of discussion about uh water appreciation so far so let's keep it going and let's not be scared by the ideas of sea level rise we can adapt last year i gave an outline of how the crp might unfold and this year i've been asked to come back and say what we have done in the last nine-ish months of working to develop a crp for the county so at the start of almost every meeting i always read the project mission statement as we have up here and if you don't mind i'll just take a moment to say that it draws on the cherish built and natural heritage of nantucket to create a community supported road map to implementation for a series of layered flood controls and adaptions and adapted adaption approaches and coordinate with ongoing adaptions and sustainability initiatives to address the whole island and county that's important it's not just the uh nantucket it's whole county while rep respecting the unique characteristics of each neighborhood driven by the inclusive and equitable engagement of all the plan aspires to create social environmental and economic benefits and values to everyone who will share in nantucket's future so this coast resilience plan uh is being undertaken by a group of consultants uh namely arcadis are the main consultants with uh sub-consultants stas one architecture and the craig group and we also have to acknowledge and and fully thank um that the the fact that the town uh this town project has been also overseen by uh the coaster resiliency advisory committee with the acronym crack and i have to give particular thanks to the chair of that committee mary longer who has done exceptional and diligent work over the last year next slide thank you so we have to look at what the coastal resilience plan might cover the goal of the crp is to develop a comprehensive plan for the whole island that addresses coastal erosion coastal flooding and sea level rise sea level fries will make both erosion and flooding coastal flooding worse over time if it's bad now it'll be worse in 10 years and worse again in 40. next slide please we have to look at where we are in the timeline of the development of a coast resilience plan before the last state of the harbor we were just in the process of hiring consultants the consultants began work in september 2020 and they had a project kickoff and project initiation there was a very large community engagement approach and at the time they also began a coastal risk assessment the coastal risk assessment culminated in the development of a mid-project report in april from there they were able to use what risk we know about to start developing adaption strategies and then from there look how they might it be implemented so we've about two and a half months left in the development of the crp the mid project report gave us some particularly clear insights that i'd like to very quickly and briefly go through there were three and a half thousand or nearly three and a half thousand structures that were identified to be at risk between now and 2070. it identified 1.2 billion billion with a b 1.2 billion dollars in cumulative expected damages that is everything from repetitive loss losses in catastrophic events they also identify that 86 of the buildings at risk are residential and about seven percent of the buildings at risk are commercial 41 percent of the buildings at risk are historic we have to bear in mind that one of the reasons why nantucket is famous not only for water but it's for the historic character and historic charm that the island has and they must also remember that the nantucket is a national historic landmark so we now know the risks and what's at risk it's now it's time to start looking at solutions we on june 24th we had the second of our virtual open house events where consultants and members of the came together to start that conversation how would that look so we looked at solutions along the lines of raising roads for access to critical infrastructure such as the um steamboat wharf for the steamship authority which is the single most at-risk structure on ireland we also looked at how beach nourishment might increase longevity and how other types of erosion control such as planting beach grass and other types of green infrastructure might work towards slowing erosion rates we don't know that we can never stop them fully but we can certainly start to slow them down one of the projects um that has recently been undertaken out of milly's bridge where with many people who volunteered i think we had something in the order of 27 people who volunteered on the day we planted 0.7 of an acre of beech grass and that area is now stabilized so that once the doom starts to erode it'll erode more slowly the plan has a general emphasis on green so we have traditional hard infrastructure you might just think concrete something that we kind of we heard from the public that most people want to avoid where possible particularly in the downtown area some of the things that came up while talking to the public were looking at ideas for uh hybrid infrastructure such as some maybe some element of green infrastructure with uh of sorry traditional structure with green infrastructure on top of it that can look more in keeping with nantucket's aesthetics one of the final things we were talking about at the most recent set of solutions was a tool kit for homeowners this could be a myriad of measures but one of the most basic ideas is to raise homes where needed particularly in flood zones so we had a very large look at what can be done what can be done legally and also we also have to understand for the crp to be successful we have to be this all has to be done in mind with what is acceptable to the community thank you thanks vince i definitely appreciate taking the time for the update there uh certainly is still an opportunity for public input and community input i think if anyone has any specific concerns relative to the coasters lanes planning reach out to vince you can find his contact on the town's website and at this point in time i just want to open it up to some questions discussion comments from the public we can certainly take some questions here in person and then i'll also have rj looking on zoom to see if there are any that come in there meg's got a an extra microphone up here does anyone have any questions or comments that they want to make meg there's um uh we'll we'll just get you the microphone for the the recording if you don't mind or maybe we'll steal one from the front table um okay is it working okay uh i'm buzz goodall i just had uh a question over the years we've heard a lot about the damage that stormwater runoff does and i haven't seen anything here about that are we making progress we given up what's going on so the question i think everyone probably heard that just fine but the question is about stormwater runoff as a source of pollution to nantucket harbor and yes thank you for bringing that up that's definitely something that we raised as a real topic of concern at our first state of the harbor forum back in 2017 and no i would say that we definitely haven't given up on that the process for improving and the infrastructure that we have down around town in the is a long one it's the town is definitely creating some priorities as far as beginning to look at some of the outfall pipes and areas and i know at the town pier near the washington street parking lot where some reconstruction has already been done of the outfall as the town pier was rebuilt to bring the outfall farther back to a place where it won't get so buried and inundated constantly and where there in the future will hopefully be room for some more infiltration and bioremediation up gradient of that outfall the process is just quite slow down at children's beach there has been some work design work being done with the pump station down there that has experienced some inundation during flooding events some of you might be quite familiar with and so there are also the town's also in the process of working with some engineers to look at options for redesigning the pump station and how to build it with capacity and in a location that will still be functional in 20 to 50 years or beyond with sea level rise and storm surges that we're anticipating so it definitely is still a concern the land council is looking at and has been having discussions with the dpw on what which outfalls downtown we can move forward with trying to put in some automatic sampling equipment so that we can start to look a little bit more closely at the quality of the water that's leaving these outfall pipes some of the challenges we ran into with that infrastructure and even sampling it was access because of where the outfalls are located so it's definitely still on our radar it is on the town's radar but it's just very slow moving but it's a great topic that i think is something we should talk more about and maybe include as a focus point in the future thank you any others hi my name is andy lowell i'm just entering my seventh year on the harbor shellfish advisory board my third term like to thank the voters in nantucket for trusting me with the third term this is our secretary of the harbor and shellfish advisory board peter brace he's been the longest member of the harbor shellfish advisory board uh on your 11th year i believe mr brace um i'd just like to mention that we at the harbor shellfish advisory board are a well-rounded board i'm very proud of our board members there's seven of us they all have bring in their unique uh approach to things and they're they're unique uh uh just uh the way we talk about things it all kind of comes together and melds very well we maintain a very good relationship with the harbour master with the the natural resources and the uh shellfish hatchery and we have a list of accomplishments and things that we're working on uh that we're proud of as well we're here for the fishermen we're here for the public and we're here for our environment and we're here for the island i feel all of us accumulatively we love the island and we love our harbor and without the harbor it's probably hard to imagine loving the island so it's very important the the issues that the harbor faces i believe as uh natural resources director jeff or jeff carlson mentioned i think two years ago he mentioned this there is no silver bullet the problems that we face are cumulative uh multi-faceted so i i really would like to thank the decades of service that the land council has provided to the island for its uh i have to say growing up here as kind of a rebel native son when the land council first came came on board in 1974 it was kind of difficult for somebody who is used to simple freedoms to accept now as i've somewhat matured with age i'd look at them today and i think how proactive they've been and just what a wonderful contribution they've been to this island how lucky we are to have them and thank you to all the supporters who have brought them here today especially the shellfish association which i'm also a member of and the moorings and whoever else you saw who the uh the sponsors were and thank them all for helping the land council get here mr brace is going to share with you some of our accomplishments over the past few years thank you thanks andy okay so um can you guys hear me when i just talk like this no okay okay um i just got a really deep voice so i'm gonna drown myself out uh so primarily we are about uh protecting shellfish you may have heard of us as called shab that's incorrect we are the harbor and when we are not uh advocating for the protection of shellfish directly um some of the things that we've worked on and things that we are still working on uh we collaborated with the nantucket shellfish association to produce a uh i think it's around by 10 sticker that will be on all dumpsters around the island sort of warning people not to dump toxic materials into the dumpsters which of course leak the material into the ground and possibly into storm drains we're exploring an idea of micro dredging of eelgrass beds to try and remove some of the sand from the harbor um we are working with our harbor master sheila lucy modifying the liveaboard regulations to make the liver board owners more accountable so when their boats fall apart and spread themselves around the harbor we'll have someone to come and pick it up we are trying to get the town to uh build a house hazardous material contained containment building we are i think didn't we andy get more hazardous material collection days no we did get the town to add two collection dates but they have not added those to the calendar yet so there are still only six collection dates per year for hazardous material collection we would like to actually see a building where hazardous waste can be brought to at least three days a week okay and we are also supporting uh the oyster farmers out here as some of you may know oysters process quite a bit of water i think up to 50 gallons of water each a day um and they process a lot of the pollution out of the water we support also the pulpus oyster reef in front of madui creek and we are in like with sheila advocating for violent friendly moorings and then we worked a lot with sheila this summer i'm sorry this winter she helped us reach out to the uh fast ferry companies to get them to slow down as they go by the horse shed and if you don't know where that is directly across brant point if you're looking right at co2 that's called the horseshed it's a eelgrass bed scallops over there and when the ferries pull out of the harbor really fast and come in really fast their water jets the fast ferries spread sand and and fill that in we're trying to get them to slow down and then the only other thing i wanted to say is that the anti-gut land council myself and a few other people produced a document a few years ago called the nantucket blue pages it's a water quality protection document about 60 pages long the land council has them on the way out you should all get one okay thanks thank you thanks andy thanks pete does anyone have any other questions here or rj do you want to take a look at zoom and let us know steelshield is mike here yes we have one question so this gentleman said you talked about the rising temperatures in the harbor when we think about sea level rise and climate change we often talk more about the impacts on historic buildings structures roads and shorelines but what do we need to consider regarding the health of the harbor in relation to sea level rise and climate change you want me to take that one okay so i think initially when folks who come out here thought of sea level rising climate change it was really easy when you step down the gangway off the ferry to see all these buildings that are right up against the water but we really have been pushing for folks as i'm sure vince could speak to you with the coastal resilience plan to focus on green infrastructure when we're looking at coastal resilience rather than typical hardening and gray and restoring things like eelgrass beds that can attenuate wave energy and prevent you from needing to put as aggressive a structure in front of your home so considering the health of the harbor temperature unfortunately is sort of out of our hands um it's one thing that we really don't have any control over it's not like we can put chillers like you can an aquarium in the harbor it's just too big so we're focusing on other things the sensors i showed earlier in the slide show those are light and temperature sensors and if we see that there isn't enough light getting down we know that the water column has too much in it and it's typically algae and that's something we can address through addressing stormwater runoff like we already talked about addressing harmful algal blooms and making sure that the community is meeting the state mandated total maximum daily loads tmdls that are coming into the harbor so we are working on those things and i think the structures like downtown especially in those historic structures do get a lot of the headlines it's been a pretty comprehensive look at how all of nantucket is going to have to handle rising temperatures and rising seas thanks r.j um so i think just to sort of reiterate something that andy said quoting jeff carlson from a couple of years ago that there is no silver bullet one of the reasons that we're here today talking about boat use is because as we mentioned previously there are so many different factors affecting the health of our harbor of our eelgrass of the resources that are out there and we're really looking to hone in on some of those factors that are under our control where we can really contribute to the ongoing protection of these resources and one of those is certainly boat use um are there any other questions if not maybe we will wrap up and i know i'm sure rj and sheila and i will stick around for a little while if anybody wants to to chat afterwards but just want to thank again the land council's water fund and water fund founder circle our town departments the harbor master and natural resources department that the land council works really closely with on these issues we also had a great anonymous contribution that supported a lot of the drone photography that you saw in the presentation today we've been able to document what's going on in the harbor seasonally throughout the course of the year with a couple of local drone photographers gretchen callahan and preston harmon of gray lady aerials and then the nantucket yacht club of course and nctv and our sponsors anderson the shellfish association and steve visco and visco pumping so just want to thank everybody for being here with us today and we look forward to continuing the conversation

- Boating Safety around Cape Cod & Nantucket Sound: Kind: captions Language: en foreign [Music] welcome to a celebration of Nantucket Sound our monthly webinar series thanks for joining us tonight I'm Audra Parker I'm the president and CEO of the alliance to protect Nantucket Sound and for those of you who don't know us we're a non-profit Environmental Group on Cape Cod based in Hyannis and our mission is the long-term preservation of Nantucket Sound and this is critical because the jurisdiction between state and federal waters is is unique in Nantucket Sound as you can see from this map you have state waters that extend out three miles from the shorelines of Cape Cod Martha's Vineyard and Nantucket and those are protected under state law called the Massachusetts ocean sanctuaries Act while the federal waters in the center are unprotected despite the fact that Nantucket Sound is one ecosystem so the alliance along with a large group of stakeholders is seeking protection for Nantucket Sound by designating it as a National Historic Landmark so we're pursuing two tracks to do that um Federal legislation and administrative action through the U.S department of the interior the federal legislation would not only designate Nantucket Sound as a National Historic Landmark but it would also ensure that the protections that exist under state law apply to the federal waters it would protect traditional uses such as fishing and Recreation and it would address water quality habitat degradation and other environmental threats and just to give you an idea of what a National Historic Landmark is or does as it is the highest level of historic protection and the entire island of Nantucket is a National Historic Landmark as is uh Wesleyan Grove and Oaks on Oak Bluffs on on the vineyard and the Kennedy Compound in Hyannis Park in Hyannis Port there's about 2 000 National historic landmarks while there are a hundred thousand Properties or places that are on the national register of historic places so it would be very important designation or Nantucket Sound that would protect the environmental resource and really leverage its Rich tribal and Maritime history um as I mentioned it's the alliance of spearheading this effort but we have a broad Coalition of support we have many towns on the cape and islands all the towns facing Nantucket Sound on Cape Cod Martha's Vineyard Nantucket historic preservation groups fishing groups environmental organizations and many many others representing you know tens of thousands of people that understand why Nantucket Sound is such an important resource and why it is worthy of protection and needs protection um I also wanted to mention that we've been doing these monthly webinars we've got 20 plus that we've done ranging from environmental issues history tribal um economic impact of Nantucket Sound to the capan islands and I'm happy to say that we're going to be hosting our first in-person event uh later in September on the cape and I'll give you details on how to register if you're interested in that at the end of this after we welcome and listen to tonight's speaker so tonight's speaker Pat Cassidy will speak about boating safety and specifically boating in and around Nantucket Sound and some of the unique challenges in ticket sound presents a few words about Pat um Pat has been fishing the waters around Cape Cod for over 30 years he's the owner of New England Maritime which provides boating safety launch tender and captains courses and testing he also owns Cape Cod on the fly a fishing guide service and he previously worked for 15 years as a reporter at the Cape Cod Times so I'm very excited to hear your presentation tonight Pat and I welcome you thank you Roger I really appreciate the intro thanks uh to the alliance for having me and thanks to Peter for helping set this up and and get me organized um I appreciate it and Audrey I assume at this point I can go forward with myself you can go forward I will get off the screen um so you have full attention and then I'll come back to take um any questions that we might have from the audience before we wrap up tonight okay so thank you my presentation of that again thanks a lot for having me and I will try and get through this with some alacrity I uh had said that I could do it in well under a half hour and then as I was looking at my notes I'm going to set a timer to make sure that that's the case and and we'll hold myself to it um so again as as Audra mentioned uh I own New England Maritime and I think about boating safety in uh general terms quite a bit and then in specificity as it relates to uh what I also do which is operate on the waters um of town I operate on the Waters of Cape Cod Bay too and other waters and so some of this might be applicable to other places but I'll try and keep it as specific to the sound as possible because I know that's why everybody's here um yeah and again uh the the applicability uh though will will transfer to to other waters hopefully for you if you're in other areas I also tend to operate in the Eastern section of Nantucket sounds so if you notice a bias in terms of the presentation or the images to that side of the sound and you're from the western side don't take it personally I I try to include uh something from everywhere um uh and specific to other parts of the sound but it just so happens that I'm on uh Monomoy and and off in the waters off Monomoy quite a bit so that's where a lot of my personal experience uh takes place I do get West every once in a while but just not as much as I spend in the Eastern section of the sound um that being said uh in terms of the general applicability of some of this the sound is obviously unique uh as as we were hearing there in a lot of ways environmentally and ecologically but it's also unique from a boating safety standpoint and that has to do with kind of this dense and Broad set of often simultaneous challenges that are taking place for Mariners including shoaling Marx changes in depth strong currents varied in often demanding weather conditions as well as significant concentrations of various Maritime traffic so again all of that might be happening in other places pieces of that might be happening in other water bodies but on the sound it seems like you could be running into all of that at the same time that's really one of the uh reasons why it's such a challenging and interesting place to uh to have a boat and to operate on I'll look at this through the lens of three primary topics kind of navigation on the sound weather on the sound and then interactions with other vessels on the sound just to kind of kind of paint that picture overall um one thing that again one of the reasons I do this the instruction at New England Maritime and owning the school is because when I decided to uh go from the very lucrative business of Journalism um and that is facetious to the very lucrative business of fishing also facetious um I decided that I wanted to kind of uh just put myself in the boating safety mindset and one of the ways I did that was becoming an instructor uh and then again uh buying the school off the former owners um but with that in mind I'm always looking at what's happening around us and and in the last month if you looked around uh the amount of uh incidents that take place uh during the summer time and in our area and in areas uh around uh the sound is is pretty astounding uh of course there was the unfortunate uh fatality in Dennis a terrible incident the the depth of the stand-up paddle border on Martha's Vineyard uh a collision in the fog uh off of the south side of the islands um at sakur tuck and harbor where I go out of uh I in far less serious in many respects but a boat sunk at the ramp just last week a boat on fire outside of outside of Sacramento Harbor um at least a half dozen collisions and an illusion is a moving vessel colliding with something that's not moving in this case rocks outside of Hyannis Harbor uh certainly this summer there have been a number of those that are pretty common including areas like Collier ledge and southwest rock and not local but something to think about the uh wake caused fatality down in South Carolina that was a Massachusetts girl who had died in that incident I I mentioned all those just to put this all in context and to to kind of get it why it's important all of these types of things uh could happen on anti sound if people aren't watching out and thinking about boating safety um in terms of navigating on the sound uh it can largely be done uh through piloting through use of landmarks and the Very nature of the sound of being surrounded by land masses that makes it sometimes challenging in terms of currents in terms of traffic uh also makes it uh is a benefit when it comes to navigating because you can see different shorelines you can see landmarks and use that to navigate through the sound there's a immense number of AIDS to navigation within the sound that are that you can use and and that's really a good thing um but it also again leads to some of those challenges being surrounded by land masses um uh and and again navigating through the sound can largely be done using aids to navigation and um landmarks I'll I'll talk about Ace to navigation resources that you can use to find information about its navigation in Nantucket Sound I'll talk about local knowledge uh again somewhat General but also applying it specifically to Nantucket Sound and I'll talk about Shoals and other obstructions uh certainly Nantucket Sound has its fair share of those and I spend a lot of my time in and among uh those areas so it's something that I have an intimate knowledge of and and uh certainly some of you may as well uh and then I'll also talk about currents and tides and currents especially in Nantucket Sound are something that everybody should be thinking about this is an image uh from some of the shows that I operated on on Monomoy and certainly the currents flowing over those Shoals uh can be challenging at times and and uh it's not that you can't and and shouldn't be in them with the right vessel and the right experience but it's not something you should take lightly and certainly that's a big part of uh operating uh on the sound is thinking about those currents um so I'll touch on uh a lot of that um that changing uh depths which causes uh these uh rips to form and and can cause some of these currents to become uh more problematic for uh voters in terms of navigational resources and again this is generally applicable but I specifically point to the areas here where you can find information about an Nantucket Sound uh if you are a boater on Nantucket Sound you are operating on Nantucket Sound and you haven't looked at the light list volume one for the Atlantic coast and looked through it to see what the AIDS to navigation are on Nantucket Sound that's uh one place I would start um you know you go buy a buoy and you see a number what is that buoy what are the characteristics of that buoy and and what can that tell you about where you are and how you should be operating in that area um more of a narrative for those who don't know the coast pilot and specifically cos pilot 2 chapter 4 gives you uh information about specific areas uh in Nantucket Sound and we'll give you I'll show some examples in a little bit some specific information that could be useful as you're operating in those areas so definitely a place that I would look for more information and then the local notice to Mariners is is something that is put out frequently by the Coast Guard you may have heard it on your radio if you don't subscribe uh to the emails for the district uh the Northeast District you can sign up for those and we'll talk about that a little and I'll show you an example of one of those as well but those local notice to Mariners can tell you things and update um uh things that might not be updated in the uh volume of the light list or the coach pilot uh I get you know these emails frequently that tell us that an aid to navigation is the lights out for example it's moved or something along those lines so that's always something to remember that those aids to navigation are certainly helpful and useful but you can't rely on them wholly to to pinpoint your exact location and certainly with the currents and the shifting Sands of uh Nantucket Sound uh some of those aids to navigation May indeed be off station if you will and then that local notice demera nurse is broadcast every day a couple times day on VHF Channel 22 they start you on 16. so that volume one of the of the uh light list where you can start Pages 122 to 147 cover Nantucket Sound and and the immediate area around the Nantucket Sound uh the light list it's important to understand uh presents geographically and it presents in a clockwise Direction around the country so as you're looking through the light list in this section you can Google light list volume one and get this light list right up in front of you and you're looking for information about a particular Aid to navigation on Nantucket Sound uh that uh conventional well the clockwise movement around the country as far as the geography listed in the light list goes from east to west in Nantucket Sound followed by Nantucket Martha's Vineyard Woods Hole Elizabeth the Elizabeth islands and Vineyard sound so as you're looking through it you can geographically uh look through it along a route or something that you might be following um so it's just a explanation of how that's set up this is just an example of of one that might be well known to folks and and uh the type of information that you can find uh in the light list uh it may not be you know easy to to see that uh example on the right hand side but essentially those are uh several columns uh set up and each column will give you a specific type of information each light has a light list number uh in this case the bishoping clerk's Light number is one four four nine zero and then a name and location is given in the second column in this case they just say light for the light list these aren't perfect in every case in terms of uh presenting you with all information there may be some lights that they don't give you a Latin launch for but if they do it's going to be under that third column for position and then they'll give you characteristics of the light itself in this case splashing white six seconds uh height and and a range for the light in terms of how far it can be seen and then some additional comments in this case uh the bishop and clerk slide is a white and red cylinder um so this is just an example of one of the uh entries for an aid to navigation in Nantucket Sound that you could then look up and know a little bit about um I mentioned local knowledge and certainly there's a lot of different ways to gain local knowledge charts um you know there's charts up behind me on my wall there are charts in on my desk there's charts seemingly everywhere I'm sure a lot of you have charts in your homes um some that are very beautiful and aesthetically pleasing but others that you may use on a regular basis hopefully certainly charts would be a good way for nanotech sound uh to gain local knowledge you could get a broad scale chart like the one on the screen um but it but it can get into quite a bit of detail for the areas and we'll zero in on some of the these areas in the anti the sound and talk about some of the challenges of boating in those areas um your electronics again this is more generally applicable of course but your electronics can certainly be helpful I I like to think about the paper charts and uh the electronics as working hand in hand or me working uh with both of them um so I look at charts at home all the time I might have charts with me I do look at my electronics and look at the GPS charting on my electronics the depth sound or the radar we'll talk about later can all be very useful when navigating within Nantucket Sound but I don't rely wholly on my electronics for understanding the area because there's a lot of information on these charts as it relates to uh Nantucket Sound that you can find we're surrounded by a community of boaters you're in that Community obviously and so uh talking to other Mariners uh talking to people at the dock at the ramp um you know at events like uh Audrey was just talking about coming up in September talking to people about where they vote and what they see there uh the number of conversations I've had at a ramp uh with people that have given me insight into boating and Nantucket Sound has been uh immeasurable um and I'm always you know looking for more information so certainly uh happy to talk to any of you and and pick your brains for information as well and the other thing about Nantucket Sound is we're surrounded by harbors and harbor Masters and and many of you may know uh different harm Masters assistant Harvard Masters and they are happy to have somebody come in and ask them uh for information about uh boating in their particular area and they have a really intimate working knowledge of of how to do that safely so they'd be happy to hear from you the Coast Guard is well in the same way and in reality none of it replaces time on the water going out there are some really nice days on Nantucket Sound we'll talk about weather in a little bit um uh going out on a nice day boating or in an area that you know you want to operate in a lot maybe going with somebody who has that that information and local knowledge that they can share with you again this is somewhat generally applicable in terms of uh specific navigational hazards in Antica sound I already mentioned Shoals and some of you may be very familiar with the Monomoy Shoals further to the southeast The Nantucket shoals but really the Monomoy Shoals are kind of the uh starting point on the east side of Nantucket Sound um I spend uh a lot of my time I was there this morning floating around in a foot and a half of water uh you know a half mile a mile off of Monomoy point and uh there is there are some very very shallow areas on those Shoals uh I would not uh suggest anybody who hasn't spent time out there take it lightly I would suggest going with somebody who knows what they're doing I would suggest going on nice days versus uh kind of the blow your days if you will um and the reason is because again as I mentioned the current flowing over these Shoals can stand up uh some fairly significant waves for fishing that's great for boating it can sometimes be uh challenging yeah to say the least and we'll talk about current a little more in a little bit but knowing your draft and knowing uh your experience level and knowing uh how comfortable you are operating in areas like this is important um this is just an example of a local notice to Mariners uh that was just issued uh in July uh but in reality this looks like it's one that's repeated quite frequently about severe shoaling um east of pollock rip light in Bowie 4 um and this warning that Mariners should uh not attempt to Transit the area without local knowledge we've been talking about that um they they suggest you know transiting if they do at a slow speed it's slow as safe speed and proceeding with Extreme Caution you could say that about all those shows there's a channel going through there we'll talk about shortly or a couple of channels but really when you're on the shoals or near the shoals you should be navigating with Extreme Caution they are just areas that uh can stand up waves that can cause Your Vessel the capsize and that's certainly a very uh significant concern in those areas or you ground and get tossed by waves and certainly uh that's something to think about on those shows um a little closer to uh Shore and closer to the alliance's uh headquarters there um I I get to operate off Monomoy and uh there's a lot of sand and my skeg is pretty shiny uh because of that I spend a lot of time in shallow water whether it's on the flats or on the Shoals and again have the experience know what I'm doing enough where I know when to get out of an area and when I'm I'm feeling comfortable I don't like rocks uh the fact is closer to Hyannis Harbor and Centerville Harbor uh there are a lot of rocks I get down there every once in a while and every time I do I I slow down and I take my time and I look at the charts and I think about what rocks are where um and and this is something that really can uh cause some significant damage to your to your whole to your prop to all sorts of uh parts of your boat so I personally don't like rocks Collier ledge southwest rock those in particular I guess recently um have been problems for people running around on those on those areas so if you're gonna operate and it's a very highly transited area obviously ferries and and small vessels coming going I would just you know be cautious and look at the charts look at where these locations are use your electronics but also talk to people about approaches and the best way to get through a particular area if you're going in and out of Hyannis Harbor for example um this is an example of somebody up on Collier ledge after fireworks on Labor Day um uh and this was at night obviously running at night in Nantucket Sound because of all these uh depth uh changes and and showing that we've talked about the rocks and Ledges I was just referring to uh requires Extreme Caution running at a safe speed safe speed is a rule in the rules of the road um the navigation rules of the road takes into account a lot of different factors and certainly visibility is one of those uh conditions at Sea um uh things of that nature at night time you should be slowing down in order to be running at a safe speed in almost all instances and using aids to navigation at night um using the lights of other vessels as communication and a lot of what I'll refer to when I talk about other vessels and and lights is communication um being aware of the uh possible confusion from the Backscatter of Shoreline lights and then using your radar at night is also something important to think on um this is uh the coast pilot entry for bishoping clerks and again just a a example of what you might find in an entry like that it talks about its location South South where to point Gannon Gammon in an extensive Shoal area uh marked by a light and then it tells you about a bunch of other different uh instant navigation in the area so if you were going to be operating uh near there I would be looking at this uh Coast pilot entry and thinking about it and uh finding out more about this but it just as an example again it'll depend on where you're operating exactly as to what obstructions you're going to be worried about and you're going to be researching uh the middle of the sound shows I I don't again spend too much time uh in this area but it's certainly worth noting uh that there is uh there are Shoals that can have some of the same challenges as uh the shows where I do spend most of my time one of the things that I know in the middle of uh uh horseshoe for example I'm gonna said handkerchief because that's what I'm used to uh there's an area where it can be a foot of water and there's a wreck and and I would be you know very cautious in in those sorts of areas so looking at the chart looking at the symbols on these charts and really getting a sense of what's in an area like this going to the coast pilot and then talking to locals who spend a lot more time out there I'd be doing a lot of that if I was going to be down there throwing a length of time um just in terms of AIDS to navigation it's important to note the uh conventional direction of buoyage everybody is kind of probably familiar hopefully familiar with the uh red right returning uh uh saying you're coming back in the shore you're coming into a harbor you're going to keep red buoys on your right but the conventional direction of buoyage for larger aids to navigation uh as you're operating around the country again much like the geography laid out in the light list operates in a clockwise Direction around the country so it's as if you're returning to shore um as you're moving clockwise around a land mass in the United States and so Woods Hole is a good example of this where if you were coming from the west from Buzzards Bay and into this area and you decided that you were going to keep the red buoys here on the starboard side of your vessel you'd be putting yourself closer to Shore and closer to rocks and you'd be actually operating under a miscalculation within that channel because that actually travels from uh east to west and you can see the the quote from the coast pilot the navigational AIDS are colored and numbered for passing through the sound from the Eastward to the West so you keep red on your right as you're traveling through this area to the West you'd get green on your on your starboard side as you're traveling to the east something to think about um currents and Tides again I've already talked about how important it is to consider these uh the ebb tide uh is is Flowing um uh to the west and south and the flood tide is Flowing to the north through the Muskegon Channel and and to the east uh and and that can be important to know especially when it comes to kind of wind against tide and knowing that the predictions for Seas may change based on kind of the way that the wind and the tide are setting up and certainly that can be the case in Nantucket Sound On A lot of these Shoals where you have these standing waves Tides uh they're not as uh maybe maybe as big of an issue in some places uh on the sound they're not it's not a dramatic title range like we have on Cape Cod Bay where it's a 9 to 12 foot tidal range which is very uh significant it's one and a half to three feet uh in areas in Nantucket Sound but what happens when again you're on the Shoals and it's low tide versus high tide or you're running an inlet and it's low tide versus high tide it can change the conditions dramatically and so it's important to think about and again there can be um some more significant problems when you're closer to shore operating in channels this is the uh cut through um from stage Harbor going uh up to Chatham and towards um the Atlantic and and again it's a cut that will change over time and has closed and opened and and can show quite a bit and that showing can become an issue also for Harbors uh and you'll notice a lot of dredging activities and harbor that are to the west of Monomoy and a lot of that is because sand is being pushed down in front of those harbors and they've had to do a lot of dredging there noting that when you're operating in and out of a harbor but also being aware of the dredge operations themselves and that you should stay clear of those operations is an important thing to think about and this is just another example from uh the tip of Monomoy and again there's my bias kicking in but the channel leading between beerus uh show and polygrip they talk about um a lot of large vessel traffic uh being encountered in this channel so fishing vessels and small crafts should avoid the area during thick or foggy weather guess who's out there in a lot of thick and foggy weather uh fishing vessels and small crafts so it's an area where again we'll talk about uh radar uh briefly coming up and it's important to have weather um so certainly uh Nantucket Sound can be beautiful uh as far as weather it can also be rough and our weather uh bad weather tends to come from the West the Southwest uh having a good sense of how to predict that weather is important I use all sorts of apps I look at the National Weather Service I talk to people I look out the window I go to bed thinking about whether I wake up at 3 30 in the morning thinking about weather um and on Nantucket Sound uh bad weather can can mean very bad things I don't like lightning myself up to you but I don't like lightning I also don't like Gale warnings um small craft advisories I I certainly uh take seriously but my only concern about small craft advisory is sometimes there's a uh not a small craft advisory issued and you go out and you can get really beat up so I don't I don't assume that just because there's no small craft advisory that everything's hunky-dory but thinking about why they think about whether an anti would sound when the storm rolls through uh it really can can uh dump on you lightning that sort of thing and there was a storm a couple years ago that everybody up and down the Coast Guard whether everybody predicted was going to go south of the islands and I'm sitting there off Monomoy and it's heading straight across the sound straight at me so I had to make decisions based on that ended up having to run through the weather uh to get back to the harbor but going to shore at that point was the right move and and should be something we can consider great thing about Nantucket Sound is you have a lot of safe harboring around that you can get to so it's something to uh really uh think about when you're going out and think about when it's time to come in when the weather turns um part of weather is fog and Nantucket Sound is certainly known for its fog uh this happens to be a humpback whale carcass that I stumbled upon in the fog a couple years ago and that is a uh White uh shark uh fin coming up right beside it I think there are about three of them on it I'm not going to talk about sharks my role on the boat is stay in the boat it's more because I don't want people drowning than than getting eaten by great whites but fog uh is really a problem more for uh vessels interacting with each other and potential colliding with each other which is something that we're always trying to avoid slowing down lights on navigational lights on fog signals and making sure that you have radar I would not operate uh where I operate without radar um and if you you're thinking about going out to somewhere where there might be fog and you don't have radar think again you'll get radar this is an image taken just today uh from my radar just turned it on it's a beautiful day I didn't have the need for radar but it shows a lot of back scatter from the shore on the on the returns those five uh pieces right there are actually uh vessels and it and this is the entrance to Sacramento Harbor and and that's what it was so understanding uh how your radar works and really having a sense for how to use it on Nantucket Sound incredibly important uh in in the foggy conditions that Nantucket Sound presents use your radar understand it but again use your your eyes to uh look around you may be glued to your radar and missed something else that's going on around you um again radar is is very important and can be very useful and I mentioned the usefulness of it is primarily to avoid collisions with other vessels the rules of the road uh as written that's the point of the rules of the road avoid collisions without the vessels avoid danger um so this is an interesting example from not too long ago going into Stage Harbor and you have a sailing vessel a vessel that could be a sailing vessel but they don't appear to have their sales up and then another sailing vessel so you have a head-on situation with what is essentially a power driven vessel and another sailing vessel and then potentially an overtaking situation with the sailing vessel and the power driven vessel that's sailing this on the middle without its sales up but it's not that simple it's not that black and white it's important to understand especially in congested areas like how There are rules in this case about operating in the narrow channels and those those rules May dictate something different in this case sailing vessels in general have to stay out of the way of vessels that can only operate within the narrow channel possible that that vessel in the middle of this picture can only operate within the narrow channel I don't think that's the case here but there's some assumptions that you have to make if you're in those situations as I mentioned avoiding collisions is tantamount to success um and certainly on the sound as I said before there's any number of different types of vessels that are interacting with each other and it's important to to understand how heavily trafficked and Waterway Nantucket Sound is you've got fairies you've got commercial fishing vessels you've got recreational fishing vessels you've got sailing vessels you've got all sorts of uh vessels operating in uh this area and recognizing uh especially when you're near Harbors channels other areas where traffic may be more concentrated that you need to again make sure you're going at a safe speed so you can take action to avoid collision and knowing your place in the pecking water again some of this is General generally applicable but in Nantucket Sound especially with the amount of uh um concentration of traffic I'll say it's important to know your place in the pecking order if you don't know about the pecking order then you should pick up a rules of the road book and start reading up um this is the navigation rule rules and regulations handbook I'm referring to and again the whole point of it is to avoid collisions rule of responsibility you have to follow these rules that's what it says except you can not follow the rules if following the rules would put you in danger or in a risk of collision that that's kind of the underlying theme I always try to impart to my students is think about the situation will you get will you end up in danger or in danger of collision then you should choose the course that that doesn't put you in that danger um action to avoid Collision should be made in ample time and be large enough to be readily apparent to another vessel on the sound I am always in situations where I see a vessel off in the distance we're both operating on a course that will take us into a risk of collision if we just both kept going I like to be the guy who decides I'm going to Veer off and I'm going to make it dramatic and by by doing that without even getting on the radio or sounding a signal I'm communicating with that other vessel that about what I'm doing some people really want to stay on the course they're worried about gas they're worried about whatever um I'm somebody who wants to avoid collisions basically and taking these actions with ample time large enough to be readily apparent will help and I'm almost at the end here and I know I'm about a half hour in knowing the rules of the road I always I already mentioned that so uh that's that's pretty much it blew through a lot of information and there's a lot more um certainly uh you can get more information uh by by joining us at New England Maritime in any one of our classes we have a captain's class starting September 25th even if you just want to call and talk about something if I'm not at the school I usually return phone calls pretty quickly uh boating safety classes are two-day courses I can talk to you about that I can talk to you about any specific situation that you've been in that you're wondering what the rules are um and happy to talk about anything as it relates to Nantucket Sound uh and I appreciate uh the time and happy to answer any questions you have that was great Patrick very very helpful I have a couple of questions here for um first one is what safety equipment is required or what should you have on board sure um so at a base level um there's Massachusetts law for for safety equipment and there's federal laws for safety equipment there's some uh significant overlap there at a base level there should be a life jacket on board for every person on board um those life jackets should be there the correct size for the intended wear they should be in good condition and uh they should be readily accessible and that really means that you're able to get to it quickly can't be stowed away somewhere where you can't get it even if you pull it out and it's in the original packaging and you say look you're talking to the Coast Guard and you say look it's brand new it's not unused they're going to say that's not readily accessible because you have to take it out of packaging life jackets fire extinguisher um for uh most recreational small recreational vessels a type B fire extinguisher 5B plier extinguisher it's a small fire extinguisher would be uh enough I think I have one somewhere around here this is one that I don't use anymore but we're talking about one of these small fire extinguishers would be enough if you get into larger vessels you're going to need more capacity in terms of Fire extinguishing Equipment but that would be required uh equipment and then visual distress signals uh for both night and day some vessels there's some exceptions in terms of uh being required to carry uh day signals but generally speaking having visual distress seamless we're talking about flares we're talking about strobe lights those sorts of things are important and then for the vessel itself making sure that your navigation lights are in working order all of that being said I I am a Belton suspenders person so I think I have like three first aid kits on board I have a Personal Locator Beacon I have a strobe light I have flares I have extra life jackets I have an AED on board so I really uh can't encourage you enough you're gonna you're gonna say oh I gotta spend the money on XYZ that's a lot of money but when you have to use it and you need it you're gonna be happy you spent that money but but at a baseline level we're talking life jackets fire extinguisher uh and then visual distress signals required great um uh Joseph is asking how we can get in touch with you directly sure um so New England Maritime uh again we're located in Hyannis you're welcome to stop by either myself or my assistant or there um most days Monday through Saturday or Tuesday through Saturday at least you can call the school 508-790-3400 you can go to our website anymaritime.com we're going to revamp that shortly so forgive me for for what it looks like right now it's fine but it's it's it's going to be my internet might have just gone unstable yeah uh but you can go to the website anymaritime.com email info anymaritime.com um and again if I'm not readily available my assistant can answer certain questions or he'll take a message and I'll call you back right away okay and Joe clarifies that that question was from Susan the commander America's Boating Club of Cape Cod great um okay ARA is asking what is the current edition of rules of the road so that's a good question I was just looking at it and well I believe I may have pulled that image from the current edition but I'm going to double check I I'd have to take a look here in terms of the date on it uh I can take a look and and get back to somebody with that information again I probably have one in the other room um well our can get in touch with you directly I guess okay and it's a good question because there are changes that occur there's a location within the rules of the road for you to note those changes um and the regulations will change from time to time they've been pretty stable you know recently but but they will change from time to time okay another question is on the area around Collier's ledge seems to be dangerous how is it marked so Collier's ledge uh does have a buoy on it and what I'm gonna do if it's okay is I'm gonna pull up the uh Graphics the um uh the uh the chart for that area um and see if I can show you exactly how it's marked and again this is where charts will certainly come into play one of the things that and it's I like that somebody's asking that question um the uh thing to note and I was just told this today that the southwest rock uh is not marked in a great way uh so that's something to be aware of um and I'm just trying to get too much yeah I've heard is it only marked from one side yeah that's what I heard today and again I don't spend a ton of time down there but I was talking to somebody about it today and they said it they're they're trying to fix it in some way so it's marked better um because it's pretty big right yes well and it sneaks up on people apparently um in terms of where it's located uh is it totally submerged or it's visible I I I don't know about Southwest uh Rock um but it is we're gonna pull something up right now if I can share the screen again with everybody and if I zero it in this is a this is ocean graphics.com which is actually great for being able to zoom in on these areas so if I went to Collier ledge right here I can see uh that there's a uh lighted buoy there uh on on the west side there there's a number of buoys for channel Rock uh and uh Gallatin rocket looks like um southwest rock does have uh a buoy uh there uh but again it looks like what the issue is I think is that as folks come in from um one side like you said it's not as well marked on that side that they might be coming in from so can you zoom out to land like what is it what is it off of is it off of like Long Beach or what's so there's Centerville Harbor okay nice point right there it's straight off of that so again I think a lot of people run this line inside here and uh again get a little close to that as they're coming in towards uh the Breakwater in Hyannis Harbor and and may run into trouble how far out is that from the from Hyannis Port uh uh so my yes and that's not that far out I'd say an eighth of a mile if that how much an eighth of Mile I'm guessing Okay so okay um okay another question there's a buoy on on uh Collier ledge and it looks to be lighted um in that way um another question uh what is the best way to deal with sudden adverse weather changes or conditions that's a great question and uh unexpected whether uh certainly on Nantucket Sound is almost the norm uh as far as I'm concerned um the the best way to deal with it uh for one thing is to to keep your eyes to the sky and and it sounds simple uh but I'll give an example uh that that time I was talking about where everybody predicted the weather was going to go south of the islands and I'm sitting on the point and I looked off to the to the to the west and I saw this storm coming straight out um and so what I decided to do at that point was think about running out because I thought maybe I could outrun it I decided that at that point that wasn't a good idea because then it then it really did start to turn South and follow me and I had to turn back and run straight through uh that weather that was a judgment uh it worked out we got back to the harbor of course the sun came out and everything looked great once you got back to the harbor but the best way to deal with adverse weather conditions is uh to get to Safe Harbor as quickly as possible um when when you have seized that increase because of those adverse weather conditions you probably are going to have to slow down and and quarter those seas and and start operating in a different way um you want to make sure as the weather's approaching uh that you're you're closing any seacocks or anything that might cause water to ship and and making sure at that point likely that everybody has their life jacket on because you never know what's going to happen and if all of a sudden you decide to reach for it and and everything's getting a little crazy uh it's going to be too late so making sure everybody's uh getting their life jacket on that everybody's centered on the vessel and that you're taking it you know slow you know I always I always talk about patience and urgency when it comes to fly casting and other things I think that's the same uh response to bad weather you want to you know not go too fast not get yourself into trouble because of that but head for sure the head for safety um and again the good thing about Nancy could sound is there's lots of options there so if there's a storm coming in uh to Nantucket Sound and you're cut off from the harbor that you came out of heading to another Harbor to one of the islands might be the answer if you're if you you can get there instead and you realize what's going on is going to allow you to do that great okay another question uh what is a reliable communication system to use during emergencies the VHF radio um and and again everybody has cell phones now um certainly uh a lot of times you'll hear the Coast Guard asking for cell phone numbers and you can communicate within a certain distance on those cell phones some people who are going further out or using satellite phones and and more uh sophisticated uh Communications but if we're talking about Nantucket Sound again the VHF radio will allow you to communicate with Coast Guard it'll allow you to communicate with other vessels in the area yes we may be using your cell phone with your your friends for non-emergency situations it may work fine in most places there's actually good signal uh in quite a lot of places because the cell companies have to put these signals out in a certain area and some of that covers water uh thankfully for us Mariners but the VHF radio should be your your go-to uh for emergencies and most communication on the water and you should have that VHF radio if it has an emergency button uh that's DSC digital selected polling that should be set up so that it can be used and all you do is flip that button up and push it and that would send out an emergency uh communication to the postcard that would tell them if it's properly hooked up to your GPS unit where you are and potentially the nature of your emergency and who you are because you'll be registered through and what's called an mmsi number um and and that'll be a place where you provide all that information so pushing that one button uh can can give the Coast Guard a lot of important information but the kind of standby is communicating on the VHF radio okay very helpful um a couple more questions for you Chris asks how long are your Captain's courses and are they on site or remote sure so the Captain's Course depending on if you're going for the oupb which is the operator uninspected passenger vessel the classic six-pack or the master license are between seven and nine nine and a half weeks for the master um it's three nights a week three and a half hours a night um and we are doing all the courses uh still on Zoom um quite honestly I think we're gonna probably stick with that more or less that that was something that was coveted based at first and uh what I found is after making some uh tweaks it's been working pretty well our pass rate has remained pretty consistent with what it was um the chart plotting is one of the places where some people get a little uh tripped up with a zoom we're able to show what we're doing as instructors but kind of looking over your shoulders a little trickier we've adjusted and we provide an in-person day for that on top of the zoom sessions and then I'm always available and I Stay spend a lot of my days tutoring people I have instructors who have an immense amount of experience in all of this who are showing up to tutor people as well on a one-on-one basis typically speaking that is um not an additional cost it's part of what you're paying for with the course uh is this extra tutoring as long as you make an appointment with us and as long as you don't you know take advantage of us we're not going to re-teach the entire course through tutoring sessions but we're going to work with everybody as much as possible to make them put them in the best position to not only pass the exams but but become a better marriage great okay and the last question is from me so um we have a 17-foot Boston Whaler and my kids are asking so depending on your answer I may tell them it or not is it safe is it safe to take that from Centerville from the cape to Martha's Vineyard is it 17 foot Boston Whaler yep and who's who's operating uh um my children who have been using it sort of in The Bays up to Hyannis Harbor they're you know well into their 20s and again this is to Martha's Vineyard yep yep yeah so Mom is my daughter who's 27 that I would ask this question the hesitation gives you the answer Audrey yeah I mean I would I would not you know necessarily do that again on a beautiful day it's you know glass you can run over and run back and and no harm no foul uh but things happen and weather changes and and uh um you know Martha's Vineyards if you had said Nantucket then I would say no don't let them do that right no this is like Centerville to Oak Bluffs was that the path and I I recommend it against it but you know I would recommend against it as well if you recommend it against it uh Audra but you know there are people who I'm sure uh do that again I operate at 20-foot you know center console it's not a large vessel and I run to Nantucket and then I run to um so you know three more feet uh but the the shape of the vessel can have a lot to do with its stability and and see worthiness and how it travels all that plays into it a little bit and and I do it every day so uh but I don't I don't I don't even run that far out most of the time so it's it's a probably a personal decision on your part as you're the owner of the vessel you have the last say you know I'd say yes but I wanted some expert advice it seemed to me a bad idea but you know just you're the expert so well I mean again then I say no I say they should okay perfect I'm definitely gonna relay relay your answer to them then anyway um thank you for that and thank you for I mean I learned a lot that was that was really really helpful um I think our audience learned a lot as well and um again Patrick maybe you want to say how to get a get a hold of you if people are interested in your courses and then when you're done with that I'll I'll wrap up absolutely thank you and and thank you again for having me and and again apologies I I kind of am a fast talker so if there's anything I said or any any question that didn't get answered uh I'm happy to to follow up with anybody who who needs those answers and I'm gonna try and figure out what the latest rules of the road book is for example the latest edition is um uh New England Maritime again is located at 232 Main Street across from Bradford's next to the train station there in town um if you if you want to meet with me anytime feel free to call the school and you can set up an appointment uh by just asking my assistant to get in touch with me 508-790-3400 info at anymaritime.com or going to anymaritime.com the website uh will get you all that information as well and again I'm I am more than happy to talk to anybody about uh voting safety on the sound or anywhere and one last thing the ram this is one thing I will say is you're going to the ramp be prepared don't park in front of the ramp when you back down at the ramp at five o'clock in the morning turn on your parking lights because the other guy trying to back down at the ramp is gonna be blinded that's just a good tip yeah thank you good well thank you Patrick it was great to see you um thank you to everyone for joining us if you have any questions about what the alliance is doing our mission or anything for Patrick please don't hesitate to get a hold of me I'm Audra save oursound.org um you can follow us on social media and join our mailing lists um I hope to see you on September 21st as I mentioned it's going to be our first in person conference it's going to be held at the beach club on Long Beach Road in Centerville from 1 to 6 p.m so far we have six or seven different speakers talking about the rich environment of Nantucket sounds and historical aspects we have Karen dordville from Mass Audubon well Fleet Bay Wildlife Sanctuary Seth Engelberg from the Linda Lauren nature Foundation Greg ketchen from the Coast Guard heritage heritage museum Zach Mertz from the birdseed Cape Wildlife Center Wendy Northcross from JFK Hyannis Museum Elizabeth York from the Cape Cod Maritime Museum and our keynote speaker will be former state senator Rob O'Leary who is also a history and government professor at Mass Maritime and it will be followed by a networking and cocktail hour with sea shanties and stories by Mark Allen lovewell and Molly canole and it's being sponsored by Crosby yacht yard the black dog Keller company and Aiken dump if anyone's interested in coming or sponsoring you know please reach out to us and we hope to see you there so thank you and have a good evening

- 2025 Nantucket Climate Change Summit 09.10.25: Kind: captions Language: en Good evening and welcome everyone. Welcome to the third annual climate change summit here on Nantucket. We're very excited that you are all here with us this evening. Uh we were hoping for some spectacular summer nice weather to be outside for our reception this evening but uh unfortunately it is Nantucket in September so we will be inside today. Um our theme this year is understanding local change and really getting a good community understanding of what is climate change here on Nantucket locally, regionally and and what does that mean for us. Um, we're really excited that this is the third year that we have done this program and it has sold out every single year that we've done it. So, we appreciate the fact that the community here on Nantucket is still willing and interested to show up and listen to this really important topic and and learn what we're talking about here today. Um, we have support from our funders from the Great Harbor Yach Club Foundation as well as the Community Foundation for Nantucket's Remain Nantucket Fund. Uh, and this program wouldn't be possible without uh that support and continued support into the future, which we're really excited about. Um, this program has been designed and hosted and put on by the Nantucket Conservation Foundation and by the Linda Nature Foundation. And our collaboration on this event is part of why it's so successful and why both of these organizations are really excited not just to be doing this for the third year but to be committing to cons continuing this conversation about climate change into the future. Uh our hosts today might as well introduce ourselves and we will be um speaking first this evening before being followed by our our guest speaker today. Um but I am Dr. Dr. Jen Carberg working with the Nantucket Conservation Foundation. And >> sorry. Hi everyone. Um I'm Dr. Sarah Boyce. I'm the director of research and conservation at the Lindauring Nature Foundation. So I echo Jen's welcome and thank you to our sponsors today. So why are we doing this for the third year and why are we committing to doing a summit like this into the future? Um, the purpose of this climate change summit that we're hosting is really to bring our community together to talk about the reality of what climate change is already here on island, the change that we've been seeing and what the impacts are, but also how we as a community can get together and respond to change. So, as an island in New England, we are uniquely positioned where we very dramatically feel the effects of a changing climate. We see it already in our dayto-day. Um, but as a community, we are also then positioned to be able to figure out how to adapt to these impacts of climate change and to be an example for other communities about how you respond and be resilient in the face of change. Nantucket is a place that has, whether we were doing it intentionally or knowing we were responding to changes on climate, has always adapted to change around us. It's part of the resiliency of this island, the sand spit that's out in the Atlantic Ocean. Um, and so getting together as a community to have a common language and discussion around understanding what climate change is because when we understand it as a community, we can then get together to discuss how do we respond to it? How do we adapt to it? It's a change that's coming. It's an inevitable change, but how we respond to it is not inevitable. We have that choice as a community. Um, and having this common understanding as a community means that we have a voice in being able to advocate for what we think are the adaptations that we should be doing. So, that's really kind of our driver in having this conversation um with everyone here. So, we again are excited and welcome you to join us in this conversation. So, I always like to start with seating everyone in the same language of what is climate change. And I'm going to preface this with saying this beginning part that I do about what is climate change, I'm going to shorten it down a little bit because our guest speaker today is also going to go into even more detail in depth um in ways that Sarah and I haven't before. So, we're really excited for that conversation. But climate change is long-term change and average weather patterns. you know what's happening globally, regionally, locally, temperature, precipitation, all these things that are driving this big global weather system. The change that happens over time is climate change. There's natural cycles of climate change that occur, but there's also anthropogenic climate change. And often when you hear the term climate change, that's what's being referred to is how us as humans are impacting what's going on in the world and causing systems to change in ways they wouldn't um except from our behaviors. And that's really directly linked to fossil fuel burning. Um you know, but also how we alter the land and use the land around us. This is a graph that I like to put up. It is the concentrations of carbon dioxide levels in the atmosphere. And the last time I showed this graph last year, um that red line was shorter. We have had average changes based on the past few years of what that concentration of CO2 is in our atmosphere. Um that has increased. There are, as you can see, natural fluctuations and variations, but it has increased as a direct result of the burning of fossil fuels releasing carbon dioxide into our atmosphere. And as that happens, we get a change in how our system can handle that CO2 and what that does to the weather systems within the world. And you can see on one side normal CO2 versus the accelerated CO2 levels in the atmosphere that we're dealing with now. It's changing patterns of of heat and causing global warming to the system. and prefacing that with saying global warming doesn't mean it's always going to be hotter where you are. And that's what we'll get into some of those details both locally and on a broader scale. As you get a change in climate, as things as that global mean temperatures are changing on average levels, you get changes in all of your systems on Earth. And some of these impacts are what we're starting to see locally. Um, we might not have glaciers and ice sheets, but we're seeing changes in our sea level rise as there's changes um elsewhere within our ocean systems. We're getting changes in ocean temperatures, changes in rainfall patterns, drought patterns, seasonality. Uh, we're getting changes in temperature and the extremity of temperature. Not just things are warmer all the time, but we're having extremes in what those temperatures are. And then that has cascading impacts on all of the systems around us. on Nantucket and Sarah and I will get into a little bit of the specifics on a very local scale. climate change that we're seeing on island are these temperature changes in seasonality, precipitation, amount of timing, ocean warming, but the impacts that we're seeing day-to-day, storminess and flooding, erosion, which has always been an issue on island, but we're seeing acceleration in rates of erosion, sea level rise and associated flooding, groundwater rise and flooding, um changes in plant and wildlife ranges, changes in phenology, changes in how our ecosystem is functioning out here. Those are the details that we're going to get into for you. So when we talk about, you know, Jen set it set us up really well thinking of global change and global warming. And when we look at temperature, we know that while the we can look at global averages, we're really interested in our hyper local, right? So, like what's happening on Nantucket and I just like to think about um I want everyone to be thinking about what you're um reading, absorbing, listening to on the radio or watching on television, thinking about the numbers are going to always be, you know, you hear lots of different numbers and it's dependent on scale. also sometimes we're talking globally, sometimes we're talking nationally, we might be having state averages. And so kind of keeping that in your mindset too is really important for um you know kind of some of the information that we're digesting about this. So we know when we look nationally just looking at this map you can see there's a a heat map of colors and basically what this map is showing is the change um in relative air temperature since 1901. So the darker colors are where there is um a higher rate of temperature change in the warming realm. And so even without knowing the numbers, if you just look really quickly at this map, you can see in New England, we are warming at an accelerated rate. And in fact, you know, since the late 1970s, the US has warmed um more quickly than the planet as a whole. But then when we drill down into certain states and specifically New England, we see that air temperature has warmed by about 1.7 degrees CC. So that's roughly about 3° Fahrenheit. And so we're in New England specifically, but in Massachusetts, we are, you know, seeing a lot of these accelerated changes. And so it's a I hate to say it's a great place to study some of these effects, but it's, you know, we're scientists. It's always great to study things. Um, so, but we can see these effects um in our in real time. And this is what we're seeing already on Nucket. But of course, not only is it not uniform across the re the state and um and the region, it's not uniform seasonally either. So there's seasonal changes to these temperature differences. And so this is looking at um seasonal temperature anomalies by state. And um kind of the the quick and dirty of this is looking at our winter and summer temperatures because in Massachusetts um this is when we're seeing the higher temperatures seasonally. So, um, while we're warming, you know, kind of at a faster rate than other places in the country, our wintertime temperatures are getting that much warmer and our summers are getting hotter. And we really see that in, you know, um, less snowfall, less um, you know, um, not so much ice. I mean, how many how many times has the harbor frozen in the last couple of decades? Um, and so that we are actually seeing the effects of that those warming winters, but we're also seeing extended growing seasons. So there's lots of different changes that come about um as a result of these temperatures. And also we like to think about how does that feel to us, right? It's like maybe it's extended growing seasons, maybe it's um you know a milder winter. Um but I like this um infographic which came from the Massachusetts climate report. So of course it's you know Massachusetts centric. It uses really similar data, but it's showing that what our summertime temperatures feel like um the historic norm, which was maybe 81 degrees Fahrenheit. Our summer temperatures are starting to feel more and more like our southern states. So, by 2030, which isn't that far off, we're going to be more similar to New York. I'm really sorry, go Red Sox. But we are going to be more similar to New York. Um I mean, we already know that the Nucket ecosystems are really similar to Long Island, more specifically. um we have more similar ecotypes um to Long Island. Um and so we're going to be getting warmer and warmer. It's just another way of thinking about how we communicate about this and how we think about what those temperatures will mean to us in our everyday lives. But of course, as an ecologist, I think of, you know, how I'll feel like, you know, North Carolina's pretty nice. Maybe by 2070 I'll feel like I live in North Carolina. But as an ecologist, I think about how does that affect our flora and fauna, our ecosystems, our migratory species? Are we going to have new pests, you know, new species coming in? Are we going to lose species? Um, and what about the seasonal changes? We're not going to go into all of that today, and we um we have in other times talked about some of these impacts, but these are the kinds of things that we think about in our different organizations in our day-to-day jobs. And in in addition to um our temperature, as Jen mentioned, precipitation is also changing. um it's a little bit more difficult to predict precipitation changes, but what we're seeing in our area of Massachusetts is about a 15% increase in precipitation. Um and now when I say that increase, you know, after the summer we've had, it's not like the precipitation will uniformly increase throughout the whole year, right? So we're not getting more snow, more spring rain and and and that kind of thing. We're getting more episodic events. Um and so, you know, that really can impact where does the water want to go. We know um there have been significant flooding in other parts of New England and Massachusetts for sure. And I I'm curious what will happen of our in our next significant rain event with the um significant drought we've had. So we'd be remiss if we didn't mention um our drought status in Nantucket. Um we've been in a drought level one since June and then yesterday we were upgraded to a drought level two. And what I really think is interesting is when you notice our nearest neighbor, Martha's Vineyard. Um, go Whalers, you know. Um, but, um, Martha's Vineyard has been in under normal um, precipitation conditions. I mean, talking to our colleagues, it's been very dry. But this is where we think about what are those hyper local impacts. If we're only looking at state level, regional level, or national level, we're not going to get that. This like we have been in a drought. We have not had significant rain since June. This is um a photo of raised pond and we've have many other um coastal plane ponds um kettle hole ponds that have um had a draw a significant draw down. We've had uh plants go into early dormcancy. Lots of fall color happened in August and deciduous trees and and shrubs are losing their leaves. Um fall wildflower show has really diminished and and fl many flowers might not be reproducing this year. Um and at Linda Luring we collect precipitation data um and have since 2014 where we submit to Noah and we also um are part of the collaborative rain hail and snow network. Um these data are things that we collected on the western end of the island. So once again hyperlocal data. Um this figure just shows the gray bars are the 30-year average or the 30-year norm from Prism and the green bars are what we actually measured. Uh purple are snow. So that looks a little bit different, but basically you can see from up until May, we've had about normal precipitation and the um the three bars on the right hand side are June, July, and August. And we've been well below 40%. In fact, the in June we only had 23% of average. Um and so this is the kind of data that we, you know, directly collect um and have that, you know, hyper local focus where we can see the effects and we're, you know, recording the effects of the drought on the landscape. In addition to temperature and precipitation, we know that affects sea surface um temperatures, which you know, as a maritime climate, as an island, obviously that affects many different aspects of life. Um the I, you know, put this larger map in that shows um the global the global sea surface temperature anomalies. But basically what we're showing with that yellow arrow is that the heat that heat map again the dark red shows that in our area specifically the Gulf of Maine is warming at a faster rate than 99 99% of the world's oceans. So it's warming at a seven times faster than other parts of the of the world. So um and then also this is a seasonal change. So this um picture is from the Gulf of Maine Research Institute where they do a lot of work on sea surface temperatures and the effects on our fisheries in particular. Um, and this is just for one year, but it does show that in that area, how that seasonal variation is really significant. And so that April, June is where it's a lot more there's, you know, a lot more warming. Um, and so I think about our fishery migration and what fish are available and many other aspects of, I'm sure, marine and island life that are affected by these um, anomalies. Now I get to talk about sea level rise and as an island this is one of those impacts that we're all aware of on some level. Uh what is sea level rise? Again seating everyone in the same language as we talk about it broadly generally sea sea level rise is an increase in the average reach of the ocean of how much the ocean comes onto the land at your highest tides. This can be a natural process of changing sea levels depending on water that's stored in glaciers, but it's being accelerated by climate change. So, we're seeing changes in that rate globally. And then again, there's a local focus. So, global sea level rise is the average change across the whole planet. Oh, across the whole planet. So, looking everywhere. And in 2024, global sea level was 11.1 meters higher than in 1993. And I still remember 1993. To me, I think it's only like 10 years ago, but you know, it's not that long in a scope of time. That rate of global sea level rise was 2.1 meters in 1993. And two, >> what did I say? >> Millimeters. Sorry, what's on the screen? millimeters. That rate I know that would be that rate has increased by 2024 to 4.5 millimeters. That's a significant incre and that's that rate of change that's happening. So not only is sea level rising, but the rate that that rise is happening has been increasing over time. >> Is that rate? They do an average as they create it and it's usually a 30-year span of what that rate is. So as you gain more time and look at that, it's that rate. But that's the rate we're seeing today that's changing when you compare back is millimeters per that 30year cycle of time. So when we were looking at it back in 1993, they would average out that rate at 2.1. Now that we have all this data of change, they've averaged out and that's the rate going forward. So then on a local level, we have very local data from our local tide gauges that can tell Nantucket what it looks like, what is changing with sea level rise. And that's influenced what that number is is influenced by local landforms, local land use, what's actually happening here on the land where that water is going to move and go. And we'll look at some flood maps as we go through. So this is the very local data for Nantucket. Um this is the Noah sea level rise projections. This was updated in 2022 a couple of years ago when we gave this presentation. We were using this graph from about seven years before that. Uh we had new data that that was in um averaged into this. So these models are more accurate over time as we're measuring more sea level rise over time. what you're seeing here that it's um in meters of change, but then the numbers on the side here are actually in feet because, you know, sometimes that's easier for us to to grasp and and understand. There are multiple lines here because it's based on what the um scenarios are and projections for climate change that's driving sea level. So, as we think about what's going to happen into the future, we look at different rates of that climate change estimate. How much carbon dioxide is going into the atmosphere? Do we really do really well as a community and change our behavior so we reduce the amount of carbon dioxide that's going in or do we just burn all the fossil fuels and go to that high level that's up here? So, that's why there's multiple lines. We have the historic line of what's changed and then looking forward to the future, what are those impacts going to be? Um the 6.6 feet is the highest scenario. We go down to the lower scenarios, we're at 2.49. That's by 2100. So you can see the change over time. Takeaway from this is that we're going to have change no matter what. We've reached a point where we are going to continue to see change no matter what our behaviors are. But thinking about a community, what can we do locally that can help us influence what happens here? It's also information that can help us adapt. And the sea level rise numbers deal with this isn't storms with amount of water that we're talking about. It's that um mean high tide every day. So we have a graph here of the Whailing Museum in 2100 using the intermediate high scenario, a projection of what that water level would look like on an average day during a high tide. And you can see that it would certainly impact how we move around the island to have those kind of high tides every single day. Um, what are we seeing with storminess? So, there's a perception that we are seeing a lot more increased storms, hurricanes particularly, but also here norers are one of our bigger storms that we see impacts on the island. And what the data is showing us is that there's not necessarily more storms that are forming, but there's more storms of note. Storms that leave an impact that we remember as a community. And so this picture here is of the Landbank Park down on Easy Street. There's actually a graph that shows the height that water was in town on different storm events that happened. And these were storms of note and things that we remembered. We are having more of those storms of note where we see impacts where we have kids that are out canoeing down, you know, during a middle of a storm in winter where we're seeing this water and it's having an impact on how we function as an island. This map comes from the island's um coastal resilience plan which is on the town of Nantucket's website. I encourage everyone to check it out. There's a lot of amazing data in there and also solutions for things that we're planning for to adapt our island to be more resilient. This is a map of flooding and these are the areas on island and how they the chance of them flooding um in a 100redyear storm. Dark blue is in 2030 and then the lighter the blue the the farther we move in time. The thing to point out is that this initial map is where things flood potentially in a hundred-year storm. When you add sea level rise on top of that and you look at this graphic at the bottom, it's we have coastal hazards. We live in a coastal area. You add sea level rise on top of that and the impacts that we feel are going to be even stronger. That reach is stronger and wider. We don't just have sea level rise with water coming up, but those daily high tides. We combine those tides and we combine storms together and you get a wider impact. And so you can see over time 2030 which is only 5 years from now 2050 2070 what that change is in areas that are impacted across the island the percentage of structures uh roadway service protected open space and you might look at this and say okay well in 2030 it's you know 15% of our roadway is impacted but think about what roadways those are easy street to get to the steamship wararf um Pulpus Road at Fulers Marsh out in Madakut near the dump Milliey's Bridge like these are roadways that are extremely important for access and movement around our island. So yeah, it's only 15% of the roads that are on island, but there are roads that are key to how our island operates. Another thing that we're really just starting to talk about and honestly haven't actually modeled out for the island yet is that we're going to see an increase in the reach of our wetlands on land potentially in places that we don't expect and that's due to rising groundwater. So I apologize that this is Cape Cod but we have a very similar system out here and I don't have a great graphic for an Nucket. Someone can make one for me that would be amazing. Um but we have our fresh water, our aquafer and our groundwater underneath our island. Under that is sea level or is um salt water. Salt water is denser than fresh water. But as that sea level rise happens, as we're getting pinching near the coast, as that salt water pushes up, it's also going to push that groundwater up from underneath. And so if you look at this diagram, you can kind of see the lake. We've got a water table here. Water table is the distance um of groundwater below the soil surface. As that groundwater rises, it means those areas adjacent to your lakes, your wetland areas, will spread out. More areas will be wet than had been before as that groundwater rises over time. This is not the best map, but it's the only one that I have. Um, the darkest oranges show groundwater depth and this is 2021. Groundwater depth below the soil surface. So you have your soil and then you have your groundwater somewhere below it. Where it's at zero, you have a wetland or an open water body. The darkest orange is, you know, 0 feet below. So that's where we have open water. Um, as you get to kind of the light orange that's there, that's groundwater that's 2 feet below the soil surface right now or a few years ago. What we expect in the next 30 to 50 years is a two-foot rise in that groundwater. So places where groundwater is currently 2 feet below the soil surface will be wet, will be open water, will be a wetland in 30 to 50 years. And again, we don't have enough data to be able to track exactly what's going to happen. The other key point is that groundwater rise is actually predicted three times farther inland than sea level rise. So, if you're looking at your sea level rise maps and saying, "This is where water's going to come." There are farther places inland that we need to pay attention to for where the water's going to go. And the last bit I have here is on erosion. We know erosion is a huge issue on this island. Always has been because we're an island made of sand. Um, I want to point you to the town's erosion monitoring program that they've had in place. You can see the website there if you want to go look at this data for yourself. Um, but there's monitoring that's been happening. These gra this graph just goes up to 2024 because that's the data I already had pulled. Uh, we're looking at Tom Nevers here on the Southshore. And from 2021 to 2024, there's been an average loss in 28 feet of that shoreline. That's the erosion that's happening over time. Um, you can see that there's occasional pulses or places where monitoring stations originated that have disappeared because that erosion has occurred. This one here is um the sewer beds and we know that the sewer beds have been a hot spot in recent years. Same time frame, there are more stations here, but the you know change over time is 99 ft of erosion from 21 to 2024. And then if we go um to the northshore, much less much less change, a loss of three feet over that time. We know that our northshore is less dynamic in that, you know, we don't get the same storms, but when we do get them, we can potentially have um larger loss. So, this is a map that comes from um the coastal zone management program of Massachusetts, and they look at aerial photos um and mapping going back to the 1840s. This is 1840 to 2018. And you can see that pattern that we're collecting with very local data backs up what's happening um in this mapping that we've seen over time. The red is loss. The green is growth. So areas of deposition, so erosion, deposition. Yellow is where things kind of stay the same, erode, accrete back and forth over time. So our southshore is obviously the place that we are losing the most. We still have it on the Northshore even if that degree of erosion is not as great. Um, we do have areas that we are accumulating sediment where sand is being deposited and we're growing space. You know, Brandt Point, Eelp Point has places the Hullover um, uh, within the harbor itself. But the thing that I want to point out is those areas may be growing, but they're growing with unconsolidated sand with nothing holding it in place. So areas that have vegetation in place, you can see back in the foreground here, those are extremely resilient shorelines where you have shrubs, where you have grass growing, where they're holding those dune systems in place that gets eroded and deposited somewhere else on island, but it's deposited as loose sand, which means the next storm that comes through is just going to take that away again. It's more easily moved, more easily eroded. So thinking about that map and that change across the island, those are the erosion patterns that we're seeing on island and figuring out what are the ways that we can adapt that through capturing sand, innovative techniques, through planting grasses. Like there's ways to mitigate this when we know where to look for restoration. So, we don't like, you know, if you've heard Jen and I talk before, we don't like to just all be like everything is terrible, it's gloom and doom and then just, you know, leave the podium. So, um we just want to ensure everyone that we we the big we as a community, we are um doing many things about um addressing climate change impacts. And that's as Jen led with when we first started, one of the reasons we hold this um climate change summit is to have everyone in conversation. It's not just us, although we love to take all the credit, but it's um you know, everyone in the community at many different levels, many different organizations doing different things. Um, and so, you know, we both work for conservation land-based organizations, the conservation foundation being the largest land owner. Um, Linda Luring being out on the western end, but both lots of different diverse habitat types. Um, and so this isn't specific just to us, but many land trusts in general work towards resiliency in many different ways. So, first off, we we record and um research the effects of climate change. So, how are these, you know, temperature and water anomalies affecting our flora and fauna? Um, are, you know, our both organizations and many others on um on island have been protecting rare species for a very long time, but how we protect those rare species might change with impacts of climate change. Um, we have always been about protecting biodiversity and we know that um more biodiverse and more diverse habitats are more resilient to change. So, it just puts another lens on that increasing biodiversity effort. um we can reduce further stressors. So we might not be able to do something very directly about sea surface temperatures or um you know springtime or wintertime temperatures but we can reduce other threats reducing um inputs to our waterways to help reduce harmful algo blooms. We can remove non-native invasive species. We can reduce further impacts to our properties. Um and then we can our open space can be space for mitigation. So whether it's our freshwater or saltwater wetlands that are functioning and holding water um and releasing water after um storm surges or just our open space that can take on some of this um the impacts and be a buffer between uh you know built environment and um important roadways for example. So we can think about um our conservation spaces in many different ways. Um, and then events like this, we can provide education and outreach so that we can be a more resilient community together. And it's not just us. There's many different organizations, including, you know, our municipality as well that are working on these issues. And I'm not going to go through this list, but these were just some of the things that we were um talking about where our um many different organizations are working somewhat some very obvious kind of climate resiliency or coastal um projects that are directly dealing with impacts. But many of our projects and the work that we do are still within this lens of cl of climate change and coastal resiliency and you know kind of dealing with um the stressors that come with the impacts that we're seeing with coastal change and so you know a lot of it is just communication about all these things and so you might hear this over and over again with many of our different organizations um but I think lots of the things that we do are about addressing climate change impacts um and I you know also wanted to say at this slide side um that we have some posters in the back from um our organizations and our colleague organizations that are highlighting specific projects that people are working on. So I encourage you especially afterwards during our um kind of social hour to um take a look at some of the projects, ask questions. A lot of things are in process and in progress and we might not hear about them until things are completely done, but there's lots of things that are in action, I will say. And people always ask us whenever we give talks like what can we do about that? So first of all attending events like this helps make an educated public. We can share this information about what are impacts uh what impacts are happening um on the island. Um participating in conversations whether it's at the neighborhood scale, the the islandwide scale. Um participate in these discussions. um adapt your own properties, businesses if you're um you know or if you're a land owner. There's many different you know local options whether it's on the coastal resilience website um the coastal resilency plan or at the state level there's you know the coastal hazards handbook um and I think mass.gov has this great everyone can take climate action so different ways that we can all maybe change some behaviors or do small or big things um to help combat the problem. So, I encourage people um to to kind of look at all these different um things that are available. And with that, Jen and I would love to thank everyone again for coming here. Um our contact information is up here if you have specific questions for us. We're going to hold questions right now for us um before we introduce Bernardet. Um but I also want to point out um the um climate summit website which is um aclimatesummit.com. Um, we have some information for our previous summits as well. And I know on both of our organizations, we have last year's summit that was um, recorded too. So, if you want some more in-depth information on specific impacts or ways that um, we are adapting, there's more information too from both of our organizations and on the climate summit website. >> And we are recording this today and it will be posted on this website in the future. And um, in a in a few weeks we're having NCTV record it. So once they process it, you can go back and share it with your friends as well. Absolutely. >> All right. Thank you. [Applause] Thank you everyone. Um well now is for you know I'm very excited to introduce um Bernardet. Uh this year we are very honored to have Bernardet Woods Placky of Climate Central join us. Uh, Climate Central is a policyneutral nonprofit that whose mission is to communicate climate change science effects and solutions to the public and to decision makers. Bernardet is climate central's vice president for engagement, the chief meteor meteorologist and directs the climate matters program where she helps the public understand the importance of climate change science, impacts and solutions. And so please everyone help um me welcome Bernardet um as she talks about from storms to shorelines connecting water, weather and climate change. Thank you. >> Thank you ladies and thank you everyone. I mean look at this packed room for our climate change conversation. I love it. Um this is my first time in Nantucket so thank you for having me. It's been wonderful and I get a little more time tomorrow, too, to explore. So, thank you. All right, so I'm going to cover some of what they did, but in some different ways and we're going to go a little more in depth on the weather side of things here, too. And a little more about Climate Central. We really do our science for communication purposes. We take on various projects and programs with the goal of trying to help people understand what's going on and moving that forward. And so I've been with Climate Central about 12 years now. First half of my career I did uh television and operational forecasting. So I've been with Climate Central 12 years now. And I've had a real great opportunity to connect with so many people and and really have these conversations. And this is what gives me energy. So, thank you very much for coming because sometimes it's a hard subject, right? It's it can be pretty depressing when you're talking about how crazy the weather's getting. So, this gives a lot of hope here. So, we're going to get through changing weather, rising sea. So, a little bit more on what they were talking about attribution science and for those who aren't aware of this really new cutting edge science diving into specific weather events. And from the science side, it's really fun and the power of communication. And this is a solution that all of us can take with us as we leave today. So just to ground the conversation here too, most of you know this, but it's so important to start from this level. The reason we know the climate is changing is because of science from the 1800s, the greenhouse effect, the blanket that's wrapped around our atmosphere that traps heat because of specific gases. And we know that we're adding more of those. We already saw that in their graphic. Now, where's it coming from? Now, I do break this down. This is from the EPA breaking down the US version versus a global version because, as they were saying, we hear a lot of different numbers. And one of the reasons you see different numbers is because it's a little different in the US versus the rest of the world. So, our leading form of greenhouse gas emissions in the US is transportation. We drive really big things really far in our country. Most of the world doesn't do that quite the same way. Now on the reverse we have managed agriculture in our land slightly different than the rest of the world where we're taking down Amazon and Indonesia big rainforests. So that's some of the difference you see there in the numbers but these are the sources and sometimes people know some of the sources but not the full picture. So it's really good to see it put together of this is what leads to our warming. Now, as we add more of these gases, primarily carbon dioxide, but also methane and others, there's a direct correlation with temperature as we know, and I highlighted this because it's in Celsius only because it's global. Um, but we know we speak in Fahrenheit here, 2.7 Fahrenheit. And this is notable because for those who follow along with the global conversation, the Paris Agreement has a goal of limiting warming to 1.5 degrees C. Now, that's an average over 20 years or so. This was a one-year snapshot, but last year we hit 1.5 Celsius, and we saw what that meant around the world. There's a lot of damage, a lot of big storms, a lot of sorrow and heartache. And so that's what happens when we add that warming. Now, what is a degree? Right? A lot of people, so it's a degree, right? Here's this bell curve. And let's take you through this. For those who don't look at bell curves all the time, it's our distribution of temperatures under that curve. And you see initially, you know, cold and hot. A slight shift in the average. Look how much more red we get. Now, you still get cold. And we're all we're still going to get cold. We're still going to get weather, but look at how much more red there is. So, that's what we're shifting. And it's putting us into a whole new climate zone. And this is how it plays out here in Nantucket. We are seeing those temperatures rise, our highs, our lows, our averages. And I did a snapshot of some other ways to look at that around the region. Now, at our program, Climate Matters, we have all of these resources. I'll have the link at the end. Anyone can sign up. They are free. You're welcome to use them any way you want or just get them because it's a weekly package of communication resources that we put out. So, you know, have at it. Hot days, they're getting hotter. And when you're looking at those extreme heat days, that's when you have to rethink life, right? That's when cooling centers have to open, camps might have to change, sports practices, all of that. Nights, they're not cooling down like they used to. That plays into energy bills and that actually plays into health too. More risky humid heat. So it's not just the pure temperature, but that overall moisture level that's coming up too that doesn't allow your body to sweat and cool down. And another way of looking at this too is records. Again, still cold records. That's the blue on the bottom that you see there. And on the top, those are the record highs. So yes, we still get record cold, just not as much. And the reason you see it in the news when it happens, it just doesn't happen that much. There was an event couple of winters ago, huge outbreak of cold. People all along the shore in Chicago, record cold, record cold. And it was it was record cold. Everyone was gone four days later when it hit a record high. So that's the thing is we just don't get it as much. So that's why it pops up in your news. another way of looking at this and they tapped into this but we did an analysis that looked at cities because sometimes some of the western states it's harder to get a full growth of that change. So when we broke it down by cities looking forward in time a couple of degrees would put a Boston summer feeling like a Philadelphia summer and I know it gets into the baseball thing which I have coming up too. So that's the temperature side of things, but it's also supercharging our water cycle. And this is something that gets confused because people say, "Well, how can it get drier and wetter at the same time?" That that that can take a minute to process, right? Well, this is how when you look at the water cycle, you have the evaporation side, then you have the precipitation side right here. It can also be snow. And remembering that most of our globe is water. It's easier for people here to remember that when we're doing conversations in the middle country. Sometimes people get disconnected with that. But we have so much more moisture being evaporated into our atmosphere. So when there is a trigger for it to come down, a storm, a front, whatever it might be, it's coming down in bigger buckets and that's overwhelming our systems, our infrastructure, our roads, our bridges, our sewer systems, the way we've created our societies based on a different climate. So this increase in how we experience it isn't landing well. I mean we've seen the pictures from New York City with the subways just rushing water down. So with rain they hit a lot of the stats for the northeast. I'll show you a few more here too is just that more evaporation that more moisture in the air on general and again this was a global one but in Fahrenheit about a degree Fahrenheit is about 4% more moisture that's actually available in our atmosphere to come back down when it does. This is a snapshot from the country and this was from the most recent national climate assessment which was a congressionallymandated report that was put out. You see the biggest increases are in the northeast. Now even in places that are getting drier overall the way we're experiencing rain is changing and you see that across the southwest. It's headed to drier but when it happens it's coming in these bigger downpours that again are overwhelming systems. And if it's drier to start, then that does not get absorbed and it creates flash flooding and then it's not always usable water too. So here's a snapshot. We didn't have the specific data for Nantucket. So all these numbers are slightly different. You see Hartford, Springfield, Mass, Albany, Conquer, New Hampshire, but they're all going up. What you're looking at is those highest rainfall days in those hourly rainfall data when it just comes at you. And I live in New Jersey, Ida, few years ago, old hurricane that moved up that many of us experienced, right? There were over 3 to four inches in an hour of rainfall. So again, that may not come up in your averages, but that led to a lot of deaths on the road. So that's how it's being experienced. So on the other side, the evaporation side, right, that hotter air forces more evaporation. So when it does start to dry out, it dries out more and faster. And that sets the stage for a lot of different things we see, including wildfires. And the biggest increase we're seeing for those fire weather days, and these are those days where it has the this doesn't mean all fire days, but when the conditions are there, it's the hot, dry, windy days when all of those pieces in the recipe come together. And there's a huge increase across the West. There is an increase across parts of the east, too. It's not as big, but we've all seen firsthand over the past couple of years that wildfire smoke does not stay where the fires are and then it travels across the country and that is a health hazard. Thunderstorms. Now, severe thunderstorms has a specific definition in our meteorological world. It means a thunderstorm of you know very specific though 58 mileph winds or higher hail 1 inch or larger and or a tornado and the way we're experiencing severe weather still earlier research for the tornado side it's more that tornado outbreak days when we had multiple tornadoes on a day seem to be shifting and increasing. It doesn't mean more tornadoes overall, but when those conditions come together, they go. And also the seasonality and the geographic distribution. So, what used to be tornado alley is migrating east across the country. And what was tornado season in some of those areas, it's creeping in more into the spring and into the winter and into the fall. And so this is a changing risk conversation because if you're in Iowa or if you're in Oklahoma and you are used to a thunderstorm in May, you know what to do. You just intuitively react. If that happens in January, you do not react the same way. You do not go to the storm cellar the same way. And that's what we're starting to see. Now, also with the rest of the severe thunderstorm, some earlier research on the wind portion of it, and it seems to be that there's evidence that when we have a severe thunderstorm, wind gust, those damaging winds from severe storms, that there is an increase with a higher temperature. It's hard to get the data on hail right now. All signs are pointing to that there is more and larger hail. This is one of those where data, you know, is public or private. There's a lot of data out there in the insurance companies and we're seeing more and more insurance claims with hail, but we don't really have an analysis on that quite yet. So, that's just the atmosphere. The vast majority of the heat is going into our oceans. This the first time I saw this years ago, I was just blown away. 93% of our extra heat's going into the oceans. Only 7% in our air and all of those changes. So, this is playing out in some big ways, right? One being the hurricane side of this. Warmer water fuels storms. It leads to a storm growing to a higher intensity. It also leads to rapid intensification and that is another changing risk conversation because if you're in North Carolina and you've got a category 2 there, there are certain areas that you evacuate. If overnight that two becomes a five, your evacuation is very different. And some of those barrier islands take 72 hours to evacuate. So you can't just change that. So we're seeing more intense storms when they happen, not necessarily more storms and also that intensification happening more rapidly. When they do make landfall, they're coming with more rain as we saw with Helen and a higher storm surge. and they got into that piece of the sea level rise just going that much farther inland and that much more damage. And this is really building up the number of billion dollar disasters which is a high bar and this was well was all Noah data and it was adjusted for inflation. This data set was shut down. We actually at Climate Central I have to say we were able to just hire Adam Smith who ran this data set and so we are bringing it back which is really exciting. Thank you. We're excited, too. Um, but this was the latest complete data set and it was through 2024 and you're seeing that there are just more of these and they're happening more frequently. So, this is the time in between disasters. When this data set was started in 1980, look at those. On average, we took a a chunk of I guess it was maybe five 10 years. On average, it was 80 days between. Now, it's about a dozen. So again, how that stresses our systems, our emergency management, our FEMA, our Red Cross, all of the systems we put in place to respond to these events are just being overwhelmed. So it's constant response, no preparation, and that's where we are now. This is playing out in so many different ways. I just put a couple other slides out here. Our health is a big impact from our changing climate. We're getting more mosquitoes. They're spreading pard and new kinds are creeping into new areas and so that's a concern. Our allergy seasons, yes, we have longer growing seasons, but that comes with allergies. And we're also seeing new types of pollen migrate into new areas, more and more pard. You know what loves carbon dioxide? It's poison ivy exploding. And then all of the the air quality issues, one being wildfires, but also when we have more heat, it creates in stagnant air masses, it creates more ground level ozone. And that's also another air quality issue that we're seeing now. Our back to school cooling demand is on the rise. A lot of schools were not set up for air conditioning, so we're seeing that around the country. More power outages, weather related power outages. some of our nearest and dearest things, wine, beer, these are being influenced. And then I didn't want to get into the Red Sox Yankees thing. So, I put the Phillies since that's my team. Um, but it's affecting a lot of our sports, too, from our football seasons and to our youth sports. There's a really interesting group of people trying to bring some logic and reason to when we have World Cups, the time of day that we have some of these games or with these Olympics trying to shift maybe marathon start times, triathlon start times. I mean, it's really taking a big toll from the big all the way down to our kids. So, back to our oceans here. We've been pushing records the past couple of years. Like it's really extreme with how warm our oceans have been overall and we already covered a lot of this. So I I'll move through some of these quicker but rising seas for Nucket. This gauge and this was data I got from the website they showed you 8.7 ines already from 1950 to 2023. This also is just incredibly notable, right? sunny day flooding when it creeps up on the easy street outside of any storm from 1965 to 72 and again these years were on that nantucket.mma-mma.gov gov site if you want to explore this. But it was six days on average. It's a nuisance, right? Fast forward 2013 to 20 37 days and in 2023 a record of 75 days. That's two and a half months, right? It's a lot. And if you want to explore some of the maps they were showing, I'll just step through here. Climate Central has a really robust sea level program. If you go to our website coastal riskfinder, you can explore a lot of data of what will be underwater, different years, different scenarios. And a lot of the scenarios, the reason that climate models have a range is because we can predict our atmosphere and our climate better than we can predict human behavior. And so you have to take this range of scenarios. And quite honestly, the lowest level there are scientists who don't even want to represent that anymore because we're just running so far above it. So just when you look at these consider that and so if we take an example here and I kept the the left hand side so if you want to explore later can kind of take you through that just I'll step you through 2050 and 2100. This would be sea level rise, you know, and and and a general moderate sort of current commitments where we are right now, well, where we were last year, and you add an annual flood, just on average what would be a normal flood every year statistically, you start to see the reds where that's popping up. Take you out to 2100. They go in a little bit more. You know, it's hard to see on the zoomed out version like that. So that's why I just wanted to give you the info so you could go explore it yourself and you can look where you live. Take you in a little bit closer here. And I couldn't go through the whole island, but this is the same thing at 2050. Then 2100. That's annual flood plus sea level rise. And again, there's so many different things you can play around with this site. It's like it's kind of overwhelming sometimes. There's a lot of stuff on there. So you can go, you can explore a lot of visualizations, mapping tools and data. So that's a summary of that part. Now I'm going to shift a little bit to not just the general trends we know with our our changing weather, but some more specifics. And this is fun sciency, so we're going to get a little geeky here. Extreme event attribution science. Now general attribution is what developed in the 80s and 90s of how we could make those connections of climate change is is connected to these general trends. In 2003 there was a heat wave in Europe and the estimates really range from between 50 to 90,000 deaths. big one, really big. Um, and there were some scientists, Scott, Stone, Allen at Oxford that went in and analyzed this event and were able to tease out the role of climate change in that specific event. It has to do with our climate models, our historical data. And you can go in also in the models and play around with different layers and levels of carbon dioxide and how much can you recreate this? Can you recreate this? What does that look like? And you put all of this together and this is how you can tease out how much climate change affected an individual event. And the narrative used to be you can't attribute any one event. Well, that changed in 2004 when this came out. Um, so it was a 2003 heatwave change in 2004. And so since then, this has been a really rapidly advancing branch of science. The Bulletin of the American Meteorological Society was putting out special issues on this and they started in 2011 and they were doing annual issues, a collection of all these attribution reports that were popping up. World weather attribution still active today. We helped started a climate central. We've shifted our role and I'll get to that in a moment. But a a group of scientists that go into individual events they are putting out so many attribution analysis is is really amazing. You can go to their site and explore and they're global and they don't just get into made this event more likely this much stronger whatever it might be but they are also getting into the vulnerability the exposure of what is at risk. And then the national academy for those who don't follow along they put out this consensus report which is is big for the national academy is when science gets to a certain point they do this consensus report of where are we in the science what can we say where is it and sort of give that gold stamp they put this out in 2016 they said yes we can contribute these in these ways and this has actually continued to advance so quickly that they are doing a new consensus report right now because where this is playing out is not just in weather, not just in communication. It's also playing out in a lot of the litigation you're seeing with all the climate lawsuits that are popping up. This is one of the reasons. It's also playing out in the loss and damage conversation globally. And so, it's a really fascinating area to study. So, at Climate Essential, we don't do the litigation side, but there are some amazing people doing this. And Colombia has a law center that does a ton on this, too. really trying to bring together the scientists and the legal minds in moving this forward. The other thing too is there's this impacts attribution we're right on the early days of of methodologies of how much economic impact that caused or health metrics specifically from an event. So it's really advancing rapidly. So climate central one of the things oh this is a quick summary of our confidence level two. So on the bottom, these are the two things that go into where we can go with some of these attribution statements, right? So on the bottom, reliability of observations. We need good data. We need good data. And when you get to thunderstorms and tornadoes, the data just isn't as comprehensive and it doesn't go back as far. Also, we've updated how we report tornadoes several times over the past uh 40, 50 years. Fun fact, like we couldn't even say tornado in a forecast in the 1950s because it was assume that we didn't know enough and we were just scaring the public. Like that's how far tornado forecasting has come in that time. Um knowledge of causes on the left. That's also that how much do we understand? So that's why you see heat and lack of cold super high. There's a lot of data, a lot of knowledge. When you put more heat into the system, you get more heat, you get less cold. Pretty simple. um precipitation. It really comes back to what we showed you and then it starts to drop off a little bit, but still this has gone up somewhat on the hurricane side, the hurricane intensity side that has increased over the last couple of years. And the flood and drought piece, the drought one has gone up considerably. the flood piece there. There's that human component too of we can assess the water coming down, but the engineering component of where the water goes when and how isn't always pulled into an attribution report. So that's why it's a little bit down there, but this is again I'm going to take you through another bell curve just to show you how we've approached it. At Climate Central, we now have this climate shift index. It's on our site. I'll show you. And we've shifted some of the methodologies and applied them so that we can look at temperature everywhere every day. Not just those absolute extremes because this is where we're working with world weather attribution. They're going deep into those absolute extremes. That random 80 degree day in April that's not going to get a report but we know something's weird. We have that now in our system. And so you can go to check is this normal and really get that answer. And so what you're seeing here is like we've warmed generally about 1.3 since the pre-industrial area. So that's already shifted us a little from if we took down to I mean we're not going to get rid of all carbon dioxide but you can shift it a little bit in those climate models just to play around with these scenarios. And so that would give you a zero if it was just kind of an average day even from earlier times. But then you start to see on this scale a one, a two, a three, a four, a five, the more on the right showing that climate change played a role in events that are on the scale that two times, three times, four times, five times more likely. We also did it on the other side and I'll show you this map from today. Today is actually less likely. So you're not going to get days like this very much in the future with our warming planet. And so we really brought this in. And what we see over time is there's just not as much of that gray and there's a lot more of the red when you look at this map. And so I'll take you to a snapshot of today. And again, I showed you this view so that you can go, you can play around, you can click on things. It's all on the left there. And this just snapshot today around the world where we're seeing things more and less likely. Then I brought us in a little bit here to to show in the United States on the east coast right now these days. Enjoy them because we're just not we're just not going to get as many at this temperature range in the future. Now out west you see that well LA has gone back down after the front went through. But you're seeing over the southern Rockies and down into Mexico. And there's a lot that we always see around that equator belt that is just so much more likely because of climate change. This is a direct fingerprint because of all the calculations and all the data in that daily temperature. Now, we've done it for ocean, too. The crazy thing you might notice is that scale is so much higher because there's so much more warming in our oceans. It's kind of blew my mind a little bit when we were pulling this together. And this is a snapshot uh from a couple of days ago. And you see the oceans are just really hurting right now. We're pushing them. And so just to bring in a little closer, this isn't the long term that they show, but this is the looking in early September, the role of climate change in what we're seeing out there right now. There's still an influence. So that plays into hurricanes, right, is one of the things. And Aaron, we were just talking about Aaron. Um, and it experienced rapid intensification, really rapidly, pretty wild. Fortunately, it was far out to see, but we all saw the effects come up and down the entire east coast. And you see, it was at least the water that had moved over was at least 90 times it the climate change influence was at least 90 times likely, more likely. So, that was the direct role of climate change in those water temperatures that moved over to cause that explosive intensification. And it was still so far offshore. And look what it did up and down the east coast. And then this was one from last year with Helen. It moved over water when it exploded. It was 300 to 500 times more likely because of climate change. I mean that is just wild. That's why it captured so much water and did so much damage inland. So all of that like them don't want to just be like sorry. Um how do we move this forward? Right? And so they covered so much amazing stuff going on here way more in depth than I can. I've been so impressed by what this island is doing and how collaborative you all are in working together because it's so critical. I mean, we have to move forward. We don't have time to waste. So, it's so amazing to see people working together in such smart ways. Another thing though that we can all take with us is communication. Use your voice. Have conversation. Ask questions. And I'll show you a couple of things here. You know, this is for those who don't know this. This is pretty fundamental research on climate communication and it goes back to 2008 from our friends at Yale and George Mason. They've been taking a survey twice a year of the American public. It's actually expanded to many different countries. It's climate change of the American mind and they've broken down the category of where people are on this issue across the United States. And what you see is there's so much more on the left hand side there. alarmed, concerned, cautious. The dismissive, this 10% has been allowed to drive the narrative a little bit too long. This is the group that aligns with a lot of political conspiracy theories they found in their research. You're not going to change the mind of that 10%. But if you let that drive the narrative and your conversations, you're missing 90% of the population. And I see so often to me the biggest piece of misinformation in climate change is the communication on this. We think more people don't care. They actually do. So if we engage in our conversations thinking and knowing people actually have questions and care even when they come at you with that like is it real? They're engaging in a conversation. So a lot of people just really want to learn about this. So that's how we should start those conversations. Now this is how it's broken down across the country. And they put these in the Yale climate opinion maps. Again, you can go to them. You can explore. Across the top, that bar has 28 questions. Really cool stuff. You can get into detail. It's from they use the word beliefs. I don't like to use the word beliefs with science, but different views on climate change. Then they get into policy issues. I mean, it's overwhelming how many people want wind and solar. I mean, it's 70 80% across this map. And so this is a real snapshot updated twice a year across the country. And so you can go deep on this. On the right hand side, once you drop below the yellows, you get into the blues. That's 50% or lower. And if you look at that, it's it's hard to see all the different counties. Yes, there are very few blues. Very few. So this isn't just a red versus blue. People know the climate is changing. So that is how you need to engage in conversations, questions, things like that is knowing people actually are interested. This one I always love to show it is estimated percent of adults who somewhat or strongly agree that schools should teach causes, consequences, and potential solutions to global warming. 77%. all of these wars we're having with school right now and books and everything. This was from late fall right after the election and still see that to me and I and I've talked to Ed and Tony who run this research many times. They I've been lucky enough that they've been my collaborators since I've been at Climate Central. This shows you that people know something's happening but they don't know what and they have questions. But percent of adults who discuss global warming occasionally with friends or family and in their research the most trusted messenger is your friends or family. Climate scientists are right up there. Most people don't know a climate scientist. TV meteorologists are right up there. This is why we've worked with them to help them understand and bring it in in ways that make sense in their broadcasts and online and all their digital work too. um 36%. So, how have we ever changed anything as a society if we don't even talk about it? Right? You don't get movements, you don't get progress. And this could be from talking to your friends and family. This could be asking questions to businesses, corporations, simple things. Where does my food come from? Where does it go? Where does my energy come from? Where does it go? There's so many conversations we can have or questions that we can ask to just raise our voice and start talking about this. And this is something everybody can do when you go out here today. And to get started, here's some of what we have learned in our experience at climate central to guide this process. Know your audience. Golden rule of communication. That means topic, tone, timing, you know, just you want to engage with people that way. Meet people where they are. Connect on shared values. We've gotten into baseball. Lots of people like lots of people like sports. Lots of people. There's a lot of things that we do like together. We keep focusing on what divides us. But there's actually a lot of stuff that brings us together. Our kids, our communities. So meet people where they are. Personalize, localize when you can. And the more you get to learn, I mean, not everyone's coming to something like this, but not everyone wants the jargon, not everyone wants the scientific terms. This is something I have to tell our community and we train a lot of journalists. Um, they do a beautiful job of learning, but then I'm like, don't use those words in your actual story. Like, no, nobody cares. No, you're going to lose them. You're going to lose them in that process. So, simplify, drop the jargon. When you can tell stories, this brings people in. Now, that's not for everyone and not every situation, but the biggest one is don't be afraid and don't overthink it. You have science. You have public opinion on your site and people actually want to have these conversations. So, here is the QR code or you can go to that URL climate central.org/climate-matters. There's my email. Reach out at any point. And this is a way you can sign up for I mean it's weekly stuff or you could just go to our website under our resources tab. We have a lot of stuff. It's actually kind of overwhelming and we're working on trying to update the website. So, it can be hard to find some things sometime, but you know, you can always reach out to me and I can help you with that. These are things just to build knowledge, build communication, figure out how things are being affected in your lives by our changing climate. So, I'll leave this up for one more second here um because I still see people taking pictures. Okay. And I just wanted to wrap up with this that this is our atmosphere. This is it. There's a little sliver. That's it. Right. That's it. It feels so big from down here, but it's not. And this is what determines human life on Earth. And we have a choice going forward. We can still keep things in levels that we can adapt to. That is really up to us. So our future really is our choice. So thank you so much for coming, for having this conversation. I really appreciate it. Bernardet, thank you so so much. That was wonderful. Um, part of our purpose here is not just to learn from the people that are up on the stage, but to start to have this conversation together. So, we have time now before we move to our open session in the back, but we have time for questions. Questions for Bernardet, for Sarah and I, things that, you know, anyone has been thinking about that we here as a a community can talk about. Um, I have an extra mic that I'm going to pass to Gson here. So, if you have a question, please just raise your hand. Shelley's got a question. >> Hi. So, I've been to a few of these and I've heard numbers of times about the Gulf of Maine, right? And and how dramatic the temperature is rising in that particular area. So, between New England and that water, why why there is there is there a specific reason? And I know the Gulfream come anyway I don't want to confuse the answer but the Gulf of Maine comes up all the time and New England comes up a lot and do you do you know why? Well some of it is where is the data who is collecting it who is analyzing it. Um the Gulf of Maine Research Institute um is a wonderful organization that does a lot of work in that space. So there's a lot of um and you can completely correct me Bernardet but um we like Jen and I tend to talk a lot about the Gulf of Maine because there's research very specific to that region and it we are in you know Nantucket is part of their um study region and so that is I would say kind of like the local as local as we can get for all the different ways they are looking at those data. Um I am not an oceanographer and I do not and so I have not made those infographics and designs myself but there are data that are more localized just I think that's where the scient the science is right now and again I can't go super deep is a great question but it also has to do with currents and where the water is moving how and when and there's actually for if you're if you're going that deep with data right now you might be following the AOCH Who's following the AOCH here? The Merid Meridional overturning current. Um, which is up in that region and that is a huge area of research right now because well for many reasons, but there is concern that we could be hitting some tipping points on that and it's not going to turn over the same way. They got into salt water versus fresh water. Also got into what's melting and how that's interfering. Well, not interfering, how it's mixing or not mixing. And so that's playing into our currents and how that's happening. The huge concern if the AOCH flips or shuts down is that regulates a lot of what happens in Europe. And so that's a lot of their weather and their temperate weather because they the reason it's further north latitudes they have similar temperatures is because of these currents. And so that could play into some huge things for Europe. So that's like really active crazy fun research. um depends on who you talk to, what answer you're going to get, but there's a lot going into that right now. >> Anyone else? We have plenty of time for >> Um not really a question, sort of a comment if that's okay. Um I uh spend my summers here, but I live in California where I'm active in climate politics. Uh you guys are all C3 by the look of it and I'm from the C4 world. We we make noise and are mean. Um and uh on the topic of communications uh there's an opportunity here in Nantucket and a problem here in Nantucket uh uh regarding the the wind farm being built offshore and the other wind farms proposed uh for the area. Uh those wind farms to me are beautiful and amazing. Uh you know, I've the whole time I've been involved in climate politics, I've been looking for something with some leverage. I don't feel like I changed the world a lot when I bought a Tesla or decided not to eat a steak one time. Uh but that offshore which is in danger of being you know shut down or dismantled with the cooperation of the federal government uh could take 400,000 homes off fossil fuels in one go and nobody here is advocating for it vocally. Uh it is definitely something that you can get into with a very local conversation. I do because I love to fish and I've been out to it fishing and it's full of fish. So, I talk to a lot of people I know who are skeptical about the wind farm and advocate as strong as I can for it. So, I would urge people here to uh you know, find a yard sign uh or I'll try and do yard signs or something, wear a button. um be willing to quietly um indicate but publicly indicate that there are people willing to take the risks of wind farms being built off our shore and recognize our responsibility. Uh you know I come from Southern California. We have a beautiful stretch of water there too. The Santa Barbara Channel. It's full of a host, a forest of oil rigs going day and night. And we'd love to get rid of them. If we don't build wind farms here, we have to keep drilling oil all around California. The the these energy markets flow one into another. So, I I would advocate everybody pipe up about that and give the impression that Nantucket is not 95% against there being a wind farm. Thank I want to say thank you for your comment and you've made such an important point that these are conversations as a community that we should be willing to have even if they feel like complicated or hard conversations or if it seems like a majority of the people that you encounter might have a different opinion of of you. That's that's that piece. It's if we're not having those conversations together and talking through, we're not moving ahead in any in any way. So, if anyone wants to talk about wind farms, I think we we we have a convenor here that would certainly be interested in making that happen. >> Yard signs. >> Thank you. >> All right. >> Thank you. Uh so when the harbor development occurred up in Boston, there was a big concern that that didn't properly mitigate against sea level rise. Now we face or not faced but there's this opportunity for development in the U Harbor area here. I I think it's called Harbor Square. I'm not sure what that development moniker is, but are is the town and are those developers adequately recognizing the risks of sea level rise and mitigating for that development? >> Great question, Leah. I don't know if you if there's anything you want to say, and I'm happy to have Jason pass you the mic. I do want to point out that um we have a lot of data here in the town that is focusing on the projects that are happening on our harbor and on our shoreline is using this data through our coastal resilience plan and through the work of people like Leah who work for the town that this is their job to make sure that those projects are using the most accurate data that we're able to use and then realistically able to plan for. >> Yeah, thanks Jen. Hi everyone. Um, so I don't know particularly about that development, but any town projects, especially that are within the coastal resilience plan, we have 40 recommendations in order to mitigate flooding and erosion out to 2070 for critical infrastructure. All incorporate sea level rise and you know probabilities and and all of that stuff. So in addition, if it's a private property, there's building codes and those also take into the base flood elevation actually just got increased to incorporate sea level rise and you know more intense storms and all of that. >> Hi, thank you all. Uh this has been wonderful. Um, my question is for any of you. It's more of I think it's pretty jarring to see how many of Americans think that climate change is something that we should be worried about, but our governments don't really represent the interests. And so I guess my question is how do you would you navigate a conversation between the public and their elected representatives when the actions being taken seem to be completely against the interests of the public because there's there can be a lot of conversations between communities and like the municipal government but the federal government has a lot of power and a lot of money and like the EPA protects a lot of the public the Noah funds a lot of the research being done NSF. Um so it's very disheartening to see that because it seems like the American people all have a consensus in one way or another but our interests are not being represented. So how can we reach to those levels that are making the decisions that are directly affecting us? So you ask a question that's way bigger than climate change. Um this is a lot of big issues right now. Guns, abortion, a lot of things. Um so it is a much bigger question. One thing I would say is other than the president, every election is local and they have to listen or they're not going to get elected. And that comes in many different ways, right? So climate change really wasn't brought into the last election. So we can't assume I mean we know what's going on the federal government with one particular person too, but this wasn't an anti-climate change election really like it just wasn't brought out there. So I don't want people to just totally cower on that side either and just assume that everyone's against it because they're not. There's a lot of things people vote for, how they prioritize, a lot of different reasons, right? But every election is local other than the president, and they have to listen to their people. One, it it can be tough. I'm not I'm not going to lie, it can be tough. Um especially since we've known this stuff since the 1980s and more. And so the longer we wait, the more it's going to cost, the more lives it's going to take. So, you're right. One thing I do have to say for some positivity, right, is look at this room, right? Look at this room. this many people came for this and we can be force multipliers when we go out there and that change comes from people. We can't necessarily always just wait, right? It has to come from people who are involved in an issue. It's how all change has always happened in the world. So Greta Tunberg was one person. She didn't even talk. She sat outside with a sign, right? And so look what she created. An entire youth movement. So we can do things. We really can if we decide to do them. It's not going to be easy. I'm not saying it is. I'm not trying to be naive in any of this. But I know that. Another thing too is one example of the push back was for those who follow the ins and outs because a lot going on in federal government right now. There was that DOE report, climate report that came out that really challenged the climate science and it's the foundation for the EPA endangerment binding that they want to overturn and they just today there was breaking news before I got here that they're disbanding that climate team because there was such a push back from the scientists. Like I don't know if you followed but like so many people in my office, so many people literally connected on blue sky and created this group of 80 plus scientists who sadly had to spend a lot of their time rehashing misinformation from the 1980s, but put together this massive report that challenged everything that was in that report. And right now they're disbanding that group and that's their foundation for the endangerment finding. So Yeah. >> Can I >> uh just a brief response uh is uh a cousin organization of the one that I'm part of, the Massachusetts Conservation Voters. Uh their whole job, their whole staff is to uh be on top of who are Massachusetts politicians and what do they do and are they paying attention to this? We don't always win. We don't always do things right. But, uh, you know, they know all the candidates in all the state legislative elections. Uh, and, uh, that and, you know, calling Bill Keading on the phone, that's a start, uh, to making sure public officials reflect what the public wants, should want uh, done. I >> um I was just going to say that grassroots efforts are historically one of the most effective ways to make eventual change in government. And one of the things that we do here and what we talk about is this idea of having an informed community and an informed public that has this common mindset of what's happening so that you can then advocate for this is the change we need to see in our community. And us as an island as Nantucket, we are sitting at that cusp of the possibility of being an example for how a community can respond together. We have a coastal resilience plan. And we have people in our government that are actually working on these issues. We have a coast resilience advisory committee that both Sarah and I and others are on. It's like we are having these conversations all the time and we're pushing things forward. So how do we take it farther and be that example of a community is Nantucket is a you know a place that you look to for how you respond to these kinds of issues. And I that's that's at least one way that I feel hopeful about how to respond to um those bigger levels. And I think Sarah had >> Sarah did. And another thing is you also businesses, right? They listen to their consumers. So that's another place you can use your voice, what you buy, how you buy, and let them know. Years ago when I'd rent cards, I'm like, "Do you have an EV?" They're like, "No." I'm like, "Okay, well I want an EV." And they like it's just that raising your voice and getting that out there starts to build that. >> Yeah. And I would just piggyback on what Bernardet was saying um in addition to businesses and you're asking for certain things. It's like um you know we work a lot in the plant space. So it's like um at the very small local level it's like asking for native plants and increasing biodiversity in your yard and like asking to um you know for like lowwater plants and you know like so that at the very local level you can um you know make small changes if you have that ability. Um but then I do as Jen was saying our community is you know the next level I would say you know your local community and then we are really fortunate I find um I mean we're we're unique because we're a town and a county so like we kind of skip over that next step but but then as a state you know we feel um you know our government has and our state has been really um I would say vocal about their support of biodiversity and climate change funding and you know putting their money with their mouth where their mouth is in those aspects. And so I think um you know to be the example both as an island as a and as a community hopefully there's a trickle up. I mean maybe that's a little more hopeful than than reality but um that's kind of what we work towards. >> U firstly uh great talk really enjoyed. Thank you. Um, most humans really don't change until something really bad happens and particularly with climate change because it's such a slowmoving beast. Um, I guess I'm not sure if this is a question or a challenge. Why can't you model the date or the the approximate point in time where things are so bad that we actually all wake up and start doing something? It seems to me you have that data and you could generate some sort of forecast where there's enough of these giant storms and people like decide, oh gosh, we perhaps we should do something about it. Can could you do that? >> People have we're we are in a really weird space where one person's dominating a lot of this right now. Um, and this this is where not just science but storytelling is really fascinating. So, there's this group working with the entertainment industry from scripted to non-scripted to drama to all of it. And I mean, Day after tomorrow like there's there's a lot there's books out there like there's a lot of this out there that has done this and but even there was um what was it? Don't look up, right? >> Don't look up. Um some of them it's it's fascinating. I was at a meeting with them and they do this like impact roll out. So like when they put it out they also have a whole campaign on information and how the public can find that information and they do they do open talks in different places and bring it on the road. And so they they're trying to there's this lady that runs a group called good media I mean sorry good energy and what I've been working on with the journalism and media community she's done a lot of with Hollywood and so she does training she because they want to represent it they want to bring it they want to normalize Netflix has gone there too they have a strong sustainability lead and just to normalize things like seeing an EV seeing um different ways of using energy seeing solar panels so it becomes part of the fabric and the background. So, there's a few different ways people are going there. People have done it with big storms. People they actually people have also tried to use the storms that have happened that are insane, the Sandies, the Helen. I mean, we're getting so many of these every year and it's still playing out in very weird ways. Um, so I wish I had a better answer for you, but I mean people people have tried that. That's a great question. Um, once you go there, there's there's little you can do to go back. Um, there was a really interesting campaign on that uh the year of the Paris agreement. So, we worked with the World Meteorological Organization and we worked with TV weather presenters or meteorologists around the world and they did a 2050 forecast and they each did it for their country and it was really fun to watch too cuz like the type of media you get like in Japan there was like anime on the bottom and they like they bow and then and then in uh Bulgaria our friend there it was like boom boom boom and it was the world was ending in her her video. Um the weather channel did one here. One of our friends who's a meteorologist down in Miami, Spanish language. So like there was a whole series of those that went out there and they did some testing around it but didn't you know not enough to get a sense of what the impact was on people. But it's one of the things they just did a cool kids campaign last year. And again, a lot of more of this was international than US, but they had kids do a forecast in that sense of like the worst of what's coming. And basically, kids were calling out adults like this is what you've given me. And so there was that. You can go find some of those online, too. That was a UN campaign. I mean to add to that, we've we've had forecasting that has been if this level is reached, we cannot backtrack. We've reached those tipping points. You know, we're we're reaching that 1.5 degrees Celsius change in in global temperature. And that was forecast a while ago is the piece we didn't want to reach. We didn't want to past 400 parts, you know, of carbon in the atmosphere. like we didn't want to pass that and and then we have and it's those those have gone out there those numbers are there but what do people react to you know you can show a movie like the day after tomorrow and people see it and was like that's extreme but I'm looking outside and it's sunny right now you know it's it's where the the change that you're seeing in our daily lives is so slow until it's not but that idea of if we could tell people and people are only going to react when we get those highest craziest storms we've passed a point of no return on that. We we can't back out. So, it's like we have to figure out what is the storytelling that gets people to care and react without that extreme piece. And I agree that that's that's one of the challenges. >> Hi. Uh this is following on to your question and I had a recent conversation with an elected official in Rhode Island and they brought to light somebody who is doing that calculation and that is the mortgage insuranceing >> industry. So they in essence are fast forwarding what does it look like in 30 40 years and no you don't get mortgage insurance. So coastal properties are going to see that happen sooner than anybody else. And it's that will awaken people if they can't sell or buy a home in a coastal region. >> We've been working with insurance companies for years with their catastrophe modeling. And that's a very good point. It still hasn't hit the tipping points you're looking for. And I agree because already in California with wildfires, there's people who can't. Already in Florida right now, there's people who can't. And we're in a weird space right now that that's already happening and it hasn't driven some of the change we like. But it's really important because that's where we're going. I think the other story we need to tell is the incredibly positive story by doing wind energy where it's great jobs and you know Rhode Island is doing a lot of this now to say you know talking about 400,000 jobs or how whatever it is. So we we need to do positive because people really don't like telling miserable stories. >> You're so right. There's a whole branch called Solutions Journalism that we work with for this exact reason because there's amazing stuff going on. Like really cool stuff. There's a group um what are they called? The the tower climbing grease monkeys. They're mainly guys, but they work on wind turbines and they have like a whole social media campaign of them up on turbines. It's a lot of people from like out west that are rock climbers and they they're so cool. We've had them on webinars. There's also there's there's like community colleges in Iowa right now that can't graduate people from some program because all of the technician they're being brought in to be technicians. Like this is such amazing news that's going on. Um Bill McKibben has a new book coming out and he's calling it he's calling a whole campaign in September 20 some I forget the date but sun day not like Sunday in the week but sun day for solar and all these amazing stories. And one thing I wanted to do, but we haven't gotten the data to do it is like what's identified as more American, right? Then you can't touch my energy, right? And I would love to do like campaigns of different towns, like put Ann Arbor Mission again against Columbus, Ohio, and see who could generate more power. Like there's really cool things we can do with this. And I'm glad you brought that up because this went negative with some of the our conversation, but there's really cool amazing stuff going on out there. >> You mentioned that um there was collaboration between science and the legal system regarding legal cases uh and that were related to climate change. Could you give a couple of uh examples of what that looks like? >> I can't as much but there is Colombia's law school has is one of the intersections. Georgetown is doing a lot with this too of bringing attribution science into climate policy. Um I think his name is Michael Gerard is leading some of that work. There's also the Center for Climate Integrity. Um my old boss went and started that and so he's the behind the scenes kind of helping to drive and organize some of this. So they're popping up in different ways. I haven't been in it as much, but I did go to one of the conferences last year and you could probably even find that agenda. It was Colombia's online of all the speakers they had because these are the people doing it. So, that would be a place to go and I can help you find >> Do we have any Oh, we've got one more in the back. >> Hi. So, I was just wondering from the fellow's question there. I think I heard that there's a group in California that's suing the power company for the fire it started, >> right? Is that that kind of thing? >> Some of it also that that K what was it? The kids gosh, I'm going to get the legal language wrong. But it was the kid was it Oregon? It was the kids trust that was behind that one. It was kids suing. Was it was it Oregon or Washington? It was in the Pacific Northwest of um for a fair future. And again, I'm gonna I'm totally going to mess this up. >> Mutton Bont, thank you. Thank you. and the kids >> and they won. >> They won. >> Yeah, they won. They had to go through a lot to get there, but thank you. Um, I'm also gonna butcher this. I should probably >> individual. Let me add one more thing. the children's trust. I think it was >> uh I thought it was like it was they went to an environmental uh organ they went to an environmental organization but they went as individuals and a number of these kids had been homeschooled and really had a chance to educate themselves on things they were passionate about like the outdoors and became aware of the changes around them and they were 13 14 15 years old six or seven of Fascinating story that they were the ones that the the Greta Thornbergs of Montana. >> Yes. >> There was a group of older ladies in Switzerland that had one go through also and the big international court just had a case go through. Again, I'm totally gonna butcher this, but it was one of the small island states. think of is Vanuatu maybe you know um who brought this forward and actually won for as we know it's not legally binding but it sets the tone for all international cooperation that this is a fundamental right to a safe and healthy future. On that positive note, uh we are going to wrap up our question portion, but we do have a reception that we invite you all to stay for. You can continue to ask your questions and have conversations with each other. Please visit the posters that we have out from our different organizations. We would like to again thank our sponsors for this. Um the great harbor Yacht Club foundation as well as the community foundation for Nantucket's remain Nantucket fund. Going to get that right. Um and then thanking our organizations as well for supporting this event. The Nantucket Conservation Foundation and the Lindeloring Nature Foundation. Um we are happy to bring this event to you guys. Thank you.

- How does our Fort Lauderdale yacht service team relax?: Kind: captions Language: en Yeah, down Woohoo! Heat. Heat. Hey, hey, hey.

- Beluga Yacht Services | Fort Lauderdale Yacht Detailing, Ceramic Coating & Marine Electronics: Kind: captions Language: en Heat. Heat. [Music] heat. Hey

- Mike Scalisi - HMY Yacht Sales Professional - Fort Lauderdale Yacht Broker: Kind: captions Language: en hi my name is mike scalisi with hmy yacht sales down here in south florida my region of focus is the east coast of the united states but i've delivered yachts all over the world i was fortunate enough to grow up in my father's boat yard in massachusetts so boats and boating lifestyle is very much in my blood i've worked in every facet of the marine business from sanding boat bottoms to detailing yachts had a successful yacht captain career and have been a yacht broker for the last decade my knowledge and experience carries through a large segment of the yacht market from high-end center consoles to mid-size sport fish mid-size express cruisers all the way up through 100-foot mega-yachts my favorite boat right now would have to be the 52 viking sport tower it's fast it's a monstrous sea boat and it's a great express sport fisherman but it also has the comfort and amenities that lend itself well towards family cruising that boat just happens to be the first custom-built viking from scratch that i did for a customer so it also holds a special place in my heart when i'm not in the office i'm usually out on the water either fishing or family boating with my wife and my three little girls i love fishing with the kids nothing beats that for me if you're in the market to buy sell or trade your yacht let me put my skills together with the power of hmy to work for you i appreciate the opportunity to earn your trust and business

- Best Yacht Detailing Company in South Florida | Mega Yacht Polishing to a Mirror Finish: Kind: captions Language: en Freedom Yacht, the trusted [music] authority in yacht detailing and maintenance for over two decades. Based in Fort Lauderdale, we proudly [music] serve South Beach through Palm Beach, partnering with the world's most prestigious yacht [music] brands. Our highly skilled professionals, seamless workflow, and elevated luxury [music] approach deliver craftsmanship without compromise. We specialize in deep gloss finishes, advanced paint [music] protection systems, long-term shine, expert te deck replacement, and monthly clean [music] and care packages for owners and dealerships using only the highest quality products [music] and finishes. Nanoane, 3M, Fesol, and other trusted marine grade systems. From fast consultations and detailed project proposals [music] to efficient scheduling, comprehensive quality control and flawless execution, our [music] process is built for efficiency, precision and exceptional client experience. Audience.

- Everything a Buyer Needs to Know About Yacht Financing: Interview With Noelle Norvell: Kind: captions Language: en hi everybody we're here today at the luxury Finance Group with Noel norm Bell how are you Noel I am well thank you well today we're going to be talking about a very interesting subject which is yes financing and Noel here is going to answer some questions for us I will so first Noel would you mind telling us a little bit about yourself and your background in financing sure so I got into financing through banking back in 1993 and my first loan was a luxury yacht loan and from there I spent about a decade in the banking industry and then was recruited to go into marine finance for about the next 15 years before coming here to luxury Financial Group where I am the president and our main office is here on Las Olas in Fort Lauderdale yes it's that very very beautiful thank you thank you okay so let's go into our questions first question how is the process of financing and yet different than financing at home great question so a yacht is a luxury item and it is a want versus a need a home as you know is a need similar to a car so our financing requirements are a stringent we do require verification of income and verification of the liquid assets so very similar to a mortgage not similar to a car because you can sign on the dotted line and be out the door so we do let you know up front what is required and the verification process is very simple once the approval is obtained and we do that by bank statements and also tax returns and w-2s which of course we keep very confidential ok great now are there restrictions as to which kinds of gas can be financed for example the model year they use or the location yeah yes there are so most banks in this day and age one of finance vessels that are 15 years or newer we can do up to 30 years age of the vessel based on the survey and the survey is really important in that type of a scenario to make sure that the boat is in proper running order there's no safety issues and there's no mechanical issues we also can do loans for charter and limited charter which we do verify through the application process so that is a requirement that we can finance as well yes and what about location aren't there certain locations where the yacht is restricted from financing for example if someone buys a yacht but they're gonna keep it in Bahamas if that okay so it is okay to do that and keep it in the Bahamas what we cannot do is what's called live-aboard financing the lenders do not want clients to live aboard the vessel that creates more risk for them because they don't know where the vessel is going to be and also creates more wear and tear on the vessel most of the yachts we finance are located here in the US but can travel to the Med can travel to the Bahamas can travel to the VV is we can also do financing for yachts that are purchased overseas and either stay overseas and/or come to the US but we are very informative with our lenders where the boat is where it's going to be more and the address of the mooring okay now should buyers apply for financing before making an offer on a gap or in which stage of the value process should this occur ideally for you the borrower it would be best if you apply it this way you know how much you can borrow you also have to leverage when you're making your offer that you have the financing backing behind you so those are two good things the third thing is that what we're noticing in this environment is that the contract period is very short and if the contract period is short it doesn't give us a lot of time to get your financing in order and what we mean by short is we've seen as short as two weeks so not that the financing takes a long time but you also have to do the survey any repairs and things like that so ideally we'd like to get you approved in advance but certainly once you make the offer we would like to get called on that same day and certainly I can run numbers for you in advance over the phone and let you know you know if your debt-to-income falls in line or if you know there's some questions there that we would definitely want to get them approved prior to the offer because someone might be committing to buy a yes and signing an offer for a certain amount and then realize they don't have the financing for that that is correct and we wouldn't want anybody to lose their deposit which would be required upon the offer we're very client focused and want to make sure that their money is not at risk unnecessarily great okay next question how is yet insurance related to get financing so your insurance is required on the out financing there are two aspects of insurance you have the whole value and then you also have the protection and and then that the portion which is the liability portion so that is one protects the vessel and one protects the liability portion which is something we were to run into you for example you also have what's called hurricane coverage so we need to make sure here in South Florida that you do have hurricane coverage as well we here at luxury Financial Group do have our insurance license so we can be a one-stop shop if you will and advise on insurance here as to the coverage that you're looking at with your current insurer that's amazing yes yes okay and what are the requirements for coroner's to think yet financing us a great question so in the u.s. foreign nationals have a hard time getting yacht financing and that is primarily because in their own countries they're very wealthy but in the United States they don't have u.s. income and they don't have u.s. credit we do have lenders that with a larger down payment and very little verification they can't get financing but the interest rate is higher and like I said the down payment is up to 50 percent now while that seems a lot the interest rate in their own country is probably higher and the tax consequence to bring over the mine into the u.s. can be more expensive than the rate we are charging here at luxury Financial Group we're also working on a program for foreign residents where we can do a loan for them if they meet certain qualifications and we can get into that more on their next podcast that will be in place by the middle of 2019 and that's the product we can actively market to foreign nationals that's great yes it's something that we're working on and what we're talking about with private lenders what do they require anyways the year do they require for people to have credit history to have a property here to have a social security number or like the minimum requirements that someone would mean to get the financing right so for for national ideally they would have five years in the credit bureau they would have a social security number he would have a permanent resident alien card and they would have a home here in the US or in South Florida that's where you were keeping the boat if none of those things apply we would have to look at you know private lending at that at that juncture which would necessitate the entire interest rate and the larger down payment but with the private lending it is possible to get financing without the property here and without the residency the source of that is correct yes and that's something where you know we we invest the time with the borrower to talk about what they're looking at and can make the determination quickly over the phone if they're able to qualify based on the boat that they are buying and that's where if they don't have the credit and they don't have the u.s. income we would request more of a down payment okay okay sounds good and approximately how much of a down payment I guess it depends on the case right but if there's no you as verification the minimum down payment would be 50% okay it would be okay and if there is verification what is the standard 30% okay yes okay so sort of like in that house sort of like in a house depending on the value of the vote because 30% lot there 30% down still gives you 70 percent loan to value on an asset that can move and is something that is a want versus a need so that's still a very good loan to value yeah absolutely okay now how do we get financing companies protect the confidentiality of their clients so as a recently elected board member of the National marine lenders Association this is a very hot topic and what we do is we have our clients send us documents password-protected we also have them send its share file and then lastly we also have them send it via Dropbox and at that point in time if we get the documents here we upload them to the cloud under their particular client name if you will and then once we're done with the file we permanently you know store it password-protected so there's no issues there and the other thing that not only do we do that but when we upload documents to banks that they have portals that we have to log in to and then upload the documents that way so it's everybody has caught on to cybersecurity wire transfers we do two times verification so it will send in the wire transfer and then we'll call to verify the wire instructions as well so very important cybersecurity right now and making sure that you know when we do receive documents we send an email back documents received and it's all about communication you know you just cannot continue to work off of email alone we are big on picking up the phone and talking to our clients talking to their CPAs talking to the chief financial operators of their company and making sure we know that they're sending the documents it's from them and that yes we are receiving them and we're categorizing them appropriately in our security storage online Wow yes very important but is it important it is it is it's one of the things that we mentioned to our clients in the initial consultation yes absolutely of mine yes okay now how do the interest rates in gas financing compared to the interest rates in mortgages they can be comfortable so right now they're about a quarter to a half a percent more than regular mortgage rates which is great because again it's a 1 and it's something that can float away and your home is affixed to land and is something that is permanent so our rates that we offer our fixed can be variable but not in this rising interest rate environment you would want that and also as long as 20 years fixed-rate financing which is very attractive to borrowers most of our loans have no prepayment penalty or maximum of a year and as far as comparable I mean mortgages can go another 10 years up to 30 years so having up to 20 years on a boat is extremely attractive yeah very good and talking about their rising interest rates would you recommend people now to buy a yacht cash or to finance what do you think is going to give them a better result right well being in luxury finance we definitely want them to finance however what we have seen before interest rates rising is our entrepreneurial buyers do go ahead finance and here's the reason why they want to use the leverage from the lenders they also want to keep their cash in case they have a buying opportunity within the company that they own an investment property that they want to buy in a moment's notice they don't have to worry about the cash and then in a rising interest rate environment you have the availability to finance lock in the rate and a low rate now because as rates continue to rise the borrowing just becomes more and more expensive so that's what we're seeing our clients who actually have paid cash for their boats in the past are financing now and locking in that rate and with things going on in the government today it's good to have money on the side where you can pay it off you know two years from now when things are a little bit different just keeping your cash on the sidelines because the monthly payment is it's not that expensive and it's it's less of a cash outlay then you know paying for everything upfront yeah yeah I agree yes now last question I have for you now could you please tell us a story something interesting that has happened with your clients with within your years of experience that you would like to share i I can and I've carried this through my business since I have started back in or and it's one of the things is listening and making sure that the client's needs are met while we have lots of programs that are out there and lots of banks that want to lend our clients money your profile is different from my profile so I may go to a different bank than you would go to a different thing but both banks won't lend us money so we had a gentleman give us a call he was a hockey player and a professional hockey player to say the least and he was Warren and he could not get anybody to help him because the minute he said foreign nobody would speak to him so I asked a few more questions over the phone and once we got into it after listening to his story and seeing exactly what he needed we were able to talk through it and we do have to ask that you're open and willing to give us the information again confidentially that's how we handle it and once we were able to obtain the information from him we were able to get him his book that he wanted good rate good long to value and he was able to go boating with his wife his two kids at the time and then they had twins on the way so it was very exciting to see them take delivery of the boat and he's very happy he still has the boat to this day and it just took the time to listen to what it was you know it's different than what it sounds like on the phone if you just give people an opportunity to tell you their story then we can make it happen for them that's really the difference between us and it's from years of experience and fortunately you know I've had some good mentors along the way that have shared with me yep early on in life when I was at the bed it's not you don't need to know the answer in a while but we do expect you to find the answer so if I don't know something I'll be very transparent with our clients and let them know that I don't know the answer to the questions but it is my obligation to find it for them if it's good and or bad news but let them know what the answer is what the alternatives are and what we can and can't do for them the good news is is that we've made many relationships not only here but Atlanta New York to get lenders to finance for our clients and that is the opportunity that we provide in the marine lending space Wow amazing and again that's also the advantage of having a boutique financing firm versus going to the big lenders right you have more flexibility more space to to you know explore different possibilities right to help your clients in different ways definitely so we use the resources that are out there I was at dinner last night with a private equity gentleman who wants to lend money and it's unconventional money whereas a big bank says ok you fit in this box right here and if you don't fit in that box we can't help you and our concern is you know the client and the end goal of what they want so we're very protective of people's credit when we talk about pulling credit we don't want to pull credit half a dozen times we want to pull it maybe a couple three times and then present you the offers of marine financing that we have available and if clients go to big bank a and big bank B you're pulling credit here you're pulling credit here and and that's I feel so yes as from a we look for alternative financing options every day and we looked for banks locally to partner with us which we just did a big deal with one of the local banks that one of the marine lenders couldn't do because it just had so many nuances to it it was just so outside the marina box and then we approached the local lender and they did it for us and then like the foreign national program that we're working on we do we can do them but this one program that we're working on once we get it it will be just a great opportunity for our friends abroad yeah I'll definitely call you we could talk about it yes absolutely thank you so much no thank you so if any of you have questions for Noel you can reach her at Noel at l FG got money yes dot money that six yes and our phone number here at the office is nine five four three three to nine eight six four and my email is noel noe ll e at lfg money yes and for those of you listening to our podcast all the information will be on the episode notes okay thank you very much you're welcome yes thank you

- How To Become A Yacht Broker – My favorite work ever!: Kind: captions Language: en how to become a yacht broker hi my name is Jerry it's a really good question I was yacht broker for several years and I really enjoyed it I've got a few tips here that may help you in your quest to become a yacht broker now I find sales as in life the number one key ingredient is integrity honesty and that is what's going to drive customers to you time and time again and get that repeat customer going on I've been into so many sales places where the number one concern was making the Commission if that's going to be the way that you're looking maybe another kind of business would search you would serve you better because this is the kind of business that is strictly referral and in a short amount of time you're going to have people coming back giving you repeat business so number one key is being really really honest now I just come back from crossing the Pacific in my 30-foot yacht with my wife and yeah I've been boating you know most of my life and I love boats I've been on the water a lot and so you figured be a real advantage right well not necessarily there was a couple advantages I knew you know some boats pretty well the biggest thing that they were looking for is somebody to take over the new brokerage office and there was a competitor in there so they asked me to go in there and so what I did is I renovated the office it would work best for us and I charged them a nominal amount to do that to cover all my expenses and so it was a good deal for them now they kind of lost my mind when I started negotiating wages and I told them I didn't want any wages because generally they'll give you a small wage package plus commissions but I said no not interested in a wage at all what I am interested is a higher percentage of the Commission so for them it was a kind of a no-brainer they went yeah we don't have to any no pay any money upfront and for me it was a real no-brainer because I knew that I could sell boats and make more commissions and a higher Commission you know base so it was gonna be a win-win for everybody and sure enough it was so they were pretty thrilled with that and I was thrilled of that and you know I really worked well now they wanted to get the company in the black or profitable within two years and through a lot of really hard work on my behalf and working every day working evenings weekends I was able to turn that two-year projection into a six month so in six months they were making they were in the black and I was pretty happy too because I was making a lot of sales a lot of commissions now I work every single day of the summer from beginning of May till basically the end of September after Labor Day things started to slow down so the downside of this I didn't get to spend any time with my wife and my friends I worked every single day and that's the way you have to get established in the business and I had no time to go boating which really sucked but you know I decided I want to build this business up and I did that and so that was really great now the winners came along and all of a sudden was dead and what it means dead it means you have no income coming in so that was kind of a rural drawback now I'd been in sales business positions before in my life and one thing that I really like doing is I really liked helping people thing I didn't like was working every day not having time to myself and having limited income you know through the slow months so recently I took that same passion and the principles in business that I have and I went into an online business and it's been fantastic I've got my time back I've got a yield beautiful sunny day I can get out in the gunner I've got I'm into kayaking and bicycling right now and I can get on my bike or throw my boat in the water go for a paddle it is just amazing and it has instead of the kind of cash that's coming in a little hits like this it's a residual income because that's always coming in so even when I'm sleeping I run out paddling my boat I've got income coming in so it's really changed things up for me that's made things a whole lot easier a lot more relaxing and although I really love being a yacht broker I sure enjoy being out on the water more if you'd like to have it look at what I'm doing now online just click the link on this page or go to work with Gerry calm that's W or K WI th g e ry calm have a look at it it I don't know it might just be the fit you're looking for and you might just get it as excited as I am about it this is Gerry hoping you having an awesome day dr you

  Top Comments:
  1. @gerrymendria66 [5 likes]: First pick a coast other wise you are just fishing.
Then pick an area you want to be in then zero in
Cheers Gerry
  2. @Soso0408 [3 likes]: I’m looking to make an extra income to help my husband. I just want to know how much am I looking at making once I’m licensed? And which one will make me more money realestate broker ? Or yacht  broker
  3. @bsing6767 [2 likes]: Hello Jerry,


I've been interested in yachts for years and thought about getting into the yacht brokerage businesses.One problem.I live in the Salt lake Area so a lot of the business would have to be performed online.Is that possible to do? Let me know on the first steps on getting started.thank you

Bryan
  4. @max77vvxf5yvh [1 likes]: Yachteria platform is going to replace yacht brokers...
  5. @JS-xr9ri [1 likes]: The link to your website is broken, are you still in business?
  6. @sfjwr [1 likes]: Hey Gerry, great video, very informative. I have a question for you. I will be leaving the military in close to a year. I’m very Intrigued and would like to get into the business of selling yachts and eventually become a broker. I need to make sure I have a smooth transition out of the military with already being hired by a yacht industry. Can you please give me the breakdown on how to simply get hired as a sales representative for a yacht company?
  7. @douw-steynlessing2783 [1 likes]: Hi Gerry

I don't see your email so I might as well ask the questions I have here. I want to become a yacht broker within the next 4 years and I want you to give me short some brief suggestions to get there. I believe I should study the SOLAS regs, yacht construction, sales principles and people very well. Are the anything else I should focus on? 

I'm currently a deckie on a hospital shop where I have loads of free time to study. Any advice on where to begin and what you believe is the most important aspects of selling yachts would mean the world to me.

Take care
Douw-Steyn
  8. @waitingforwar: Your links are hacked
  9. @yasminb_JesusistheLord: ❤🎉
  10. @darioxbrow9223: How much did you make as a yacht broker
  11. @wak1349: This is awesome
  12. @deanbadger7573: Great video
  13. @artonthemind: Gerry, can you recommend a good ethical broker on both the East and west coasts? I'm looking for a boat!
  14. @Jason_Movie-TV_Actor: Your website isn't working, Gerry.
  15. @prolod5294: How did you originally get into yacht broking
  16. @RichSadlerInternational: Interested in what you are doing now... I'm cranking up our involvement in the Yacht / Marine industry... Please PM me here or richyomd g male
  17. @damianmarley8174: Hello how are you doing today? great video. I have a couple of questions. I'm in the process of becoming a yacht broker in Miami. I currently live in Orlando Florida. this beautiful journey starts next month on the 15th for me with an internship opportunity that was given to me I'm more then excited. now I have no idea what to expect now I have years of experience in sales and I feel I'm quite good. I've never had the pleasure of being apart of an industry like this so I don't know what to expect. in preparation I've been reading and studying every piece of material regarding yachts boating and things of that nature. I basically give my self 3-4 hours a day to read and study.. I wanted to ask am I on the right path reading and studying like this and what else would you recommend me do to better prepare. thank you very much

- How To Buy Your Own Yacht: "Yacht Zero" Explained! - Yacht Purchasing 101: Kind: captions Language: en hey guys the yacht hunter here and welcome to yacht zero the most transparent unbiased and efficient way for you to go about purchasing your yet under the traditional yacht purchasing model too often the focus becomes on the yacht when in reality it should be you the buyer my two biggest gripes with the way that people have bought you out in the past are as follows sellers have an inventory or an affiliation that they push what's more convenient or what they know for them on you instead of pushing you towards what works best for you the example I use is as follows if you have an investment advisor and they put you into the house fund that gives a return of 10% but every other advisor on the market is putting their clients into a fund that returns 16% wouldn't you be pretty upset if they were just putting you into that fund so they can make an additional bit of cash and then the second factor is the biggest contradiction that's the fact that the more you spend on your yacht the more your broker or yacht sales professional stands to make on the transaction so you have to ask yourself the question what's this person's real incentive to make sure I buy the best yacht at the lowest price each time these issues the answer is pretty simple it's time to stop selling yachts the answer is strictly buying them on behalf of your clients is why don't we take a page out of what the cloud has done to technology no sellers to appease or any manufacturer to meet their hidden agenda there's nothing to worry about besides taking care of you the client and I'll be there to do so when it's time to go up a size when it's time to go down a size change style yachts buy your 2nd 3rd 4th yacht I'll be there to help you through that process all under yacht 0 so it raises the question is yacht 0 different absolutely is it unconventional sure no doubt about it but if you did things the way everyone else was doing them chances are you wouldn't be watching this video right now about how to go about purchasing yacht in the first place so I think we're kind of on to something here so if you want to find out how Yacht 0 could work for you in purchasing your yacht do me a favor and head on over to my website at www.visaplace.com content and fun out on the water thanks so much for watching it's greatly appreciated as always and until next time happy yachting my friends you [Music]

- YES! You CAN be a Yacht Broker!: Kind: captions Language: en If you work as crew on a yacht and see yourself in a land-based position at some point in your future, you may have considered yacht brokerage as an attractive opportunity. If that is the case, then this message is for you, and I'm calling it yes, you can. I'm saying yes, you can because there's a misconception that yacht brokerage is a sales job, and some believe that they're just not sales people. They don't have the gift of the gab. They aren't outgoing enough. It always makes me smile when I hear usually crew saying, "I could never be a broker. I'm too honest." Well, I'll come back to the too honest comment in a moment, but let me start by saying that if you think you can sell a yacht to an ultra-high-net-worth individual in the same way that a car salesman persuades an 18-year-old to buy a Ford Mustang with go-fast stripes and low-profile tires, you won't be surprised to hear that you are mistaken. The kind of super-wealthy individuals that we deal with have a high degree of wealth, high intelligence, high ambitions, high drive, but a very low on how much time they have. And your job as a broker is to help them find the right yacht for them. It's really not to sell them a yacht. Your job is to listen and understand what they want. What will make them happy? What will be suitable for their family? To go out and find it, provide them with all the details they need to make a decision, everything from the engine hours to the history of the yacht. Is it in class? How much will it cost to add zero speed stabilizers or register it commercially? Will it fit under the bridge close to their home in Fort Lauderdale? The list goes on and on because your role is to be a problem-solver and resolving the problem of which yacht they should buy that's just the start of the challenges that you'll need to overcome. You will need to overcome so that you can save them the one thing they don't have a lot of and that is time. Now I know yacht brokers all over the world and honestly there is no one single personality that they have. Some are extroverts, some are very shy. Some spend a lot of time on the golf course with their clients. Some are first in the office and last out every day and yes some are very honest and some sadly are not. One thing is for sure there's plenty of space in the yacht brokerage industry for honest, hard working individuals of all personality types. So if you think you can't do it because of your personality type I'm here to tell you yes you can.

  Top Comments:
  1. @bestdiycarcustomization941: What is the best way to get started on learning what needs to be learned to be qualified to actually work as a broker
  2. @kurtnelle: So, buying a yacht, especially for a novice, freshly minted ultra-high net worth person, definitely requires a broker? And is doing so without a broker is a dangerous undertaking?

- Yacht Charter Business Rakes Huge Profits! (INSANE Margins) Pt. 1: Kind: captions Language: en-US - Chartering yachts and planes for LA's rich and famous. Doesn't that sound like a fun way to make a living? On today's episode, we're gonna find out how to attract all the bling by starting a charter business that doubles its revenue every year. (bright upbeat music) Dmitry Lyubimov bought his first boat just for fun. Everything seemed great, until he lost his business a year later. Which made him realize that, maybe I could use my boat as a lucrative source of income. And that's when Uniq came to be. Fast forward today, Dmitry, turned into a one-stop shop for luxurious travelers. Offering everything from limo service, exotic car rental to chartered helicopters and planes. - So the same amount of time you spend, but I prefer to do it for a bigger commissions. That's how you create a successful business. Last year, I met and become a friends with three billionaires. - Break the cost down for us. What costs what? And how did all that add up? Luckily, we've got a hold of him. And in today's talk, we're gonna talk about how much it costs him to get the business going, how he runs it and how he's built on that investment to almost triple his revenue just in the last year. On average, what does every client spend? What's the most profitable, in terms of profit margins? And what's the least profitable? I'll also ask him to take us backstage, so he can share with us how he acquires new customers, builds his client base, which as you might expect, comes with some high profile names. So make sure you take a second to like this video, subscribe to our channel and let's go meet Dmitry. Tell us a little bit about you, your background, when you bought your first boat? And how you turned that into a lucrative business? - You know, it's been a long journey. I'm in United States for last 10 years. Started from having no job, no English and no money. - Wow. - Finding a job in McDonald's and I lost this job I was working in moving company. I was working in a restaurant. Then it was a few more unsuccessful businesses, but each one of them gave me some experience. So because of that, I had my first successful business after, maybe six or seven years in United States. Which was advertising company. I started making money. I bought my first boat. - What did you pay for it? - I paid back in the time 80,000. - Wow, okay. - Yeah. - So, it's not a lower end boat. Okay, so that turned into a business at which point? After about a year? - Yeah, after my other business went down. So I start thinking, why is my boat only eating my money and not making any money? - That's a good point. - So I started thinking how to make it happen. I started searching the online how to get all the licenses. And at the point, there was no commercial docks available for pick up. I started calling the County and asking them what is the way? And they say, "There is no way. "You cannot do it." I called them for half a year, asking them questions and I said, "I couldn't believe, it's a miracle. "I wanna make a legal business and pay taxes. "And you guys does not given me any opportunity." And they say, "Okay, hold on. "Maybe we're gonna get a money and build a commercial dock." - What an incredible story. I mean, where you started, to get the County to build a dock. - Yeah, - For Dmitry to have a successful business. - I wouldn't say it was only for me. - Right. - I think it was few more people, who are calling them all the time. - Yup. - And yeah, they probably just get tired of it and say, "Okay, whatever." (both chuckling) - "Have it done, do what you will." - Yeah, yeah. - Okay. - Dmitry, tell us a little bit about when you got started? Break the cost down for us, what costs what? - Yeah, well, let's say the boat was 80,000, there is a sales tax of 10% on the top. There is a maintenance, that unexpectedly, I spent over 30,000 just to repair everything that was breaking constantly. Besides that, all the licenses is another few thousand, preparation for all the inspections. Website is another, you'll spend maybe three to 8,000 in general for a website, - Creating a website, okay. - Advertising expenses is another, maybe thousand dollars a month. That's about it. You can rent an office, you can hire an employees, but not in the beginning. In the beginning you can do everything yourself. - Stay small. - Yeah and stay small. Yes, and you have to know everything, every side of your job yourself. So when you do it the best, you can teach your employees to do it just like you or even better. What is your target audience? - First, I was trying to target on any client, all right? Especially with my boat, it's not that expensive. But there's a time I started focusing only on the luxurious boats. The most expensive one, the possibly I could find, and then target those 5% of people who can afford it. - So you went for the ultimate, knowing that ultimate is gonna attract? - Exactly. - The luxury? - What made that switch? Just curious, what was going through your mind? - Basically, you have to do the same amount of job. Meeting clients, booking the client first, talking to them, asking what they need, how they want to be delivered. Then you meet them, you organize everything. So the same amount of time you spend, With regards to different charters, you've got planes, helicopters, exotic cars, boats. What's the most profitable? In terms of profit margins. - So, the boat is definitely more profitable. And that's what I do the most. We are the yacht rental company first off. But for other things, like the private jets or cars, well, I have a few cars also that we rent. But I was doing everything myself and I realize it's too much time and too much energy you spend on it with not too much of a profit. So I got all my cars and I gave it to my friend's management company. So they do all the rentals now. - Gotcha. - I don't do anything. - So because of the headache that comes with it? - Yes, a headache is too much, too much and not worth your time. - What's the profit margin on the boats? Since you're focusing mainly on them. - Depends if it's my boat or depends on the agreements with the owners. Because each boat is separate, but I will say from 30 to 70%. - 30 to 70? - I'm guessing 70 is if it's your boat? - Is 30% still a pretty good profit margin? - It's still good, yeah. - Yeah, industry-wise. It's Blitx Time with Dmitry. Dmitry, we got a couple of questions for you just for fun. 10 seconds to answer. - Let's start with the first one. What's the biggest thing you struggle with on a daily basis? - Stress and responsibility. Try not to stress too much for responsibility. It's not a struggle, but it's something you feel seven days a week. Do you believe there's some sort of pattern or formula to becoming a successful entrepreneur? - Yes, never be afraid of anything. Just jump into opportunities and you'll solve it on a way. - I love it. How do you manage all of your clients and stay in touch with them? - Well, we have a sales person, we have customer service, who just make sure that they're following up and making sure the customers get the best experience. My goal is for every client to become a returning client. What's the biggest purchase you've ever made? - Probably my Maserati that I paid a little bit over a hundred thousand. And I'm buying a yacht right now, the one in Miami, for over 300,000. - Wow, so any books really helped you in your world is? When I wanted to do business, but I didn't know anything about it. I kind of had some ideas, but it was all messed up in my mind. So I read at one book that really helped me to kind of sorted out everything I already knew, just to make it in the right order. The book calls... So it's a Kiyosaki's and the book calls, the "Cashflow Quadrant," I believe. - Okay, yep, I think you're right. - That's the name. - Okay, what did your parents say when you left Russia to the United States? - First of all, they never knew I'm leaving for so long. Yeah, I told them I'm leaving for a year just to see if there is any opportunities or not. Then they were trying to get me back, all the way until they get here as a tourist. I showed them around and they said, "You know what? "I see where you live." - Staying. - Yeah, "You don't wanna come back, now we understand." - How do you attract customers? Like what tools are you using to gain new customers and retain them? Social media? - What's most effective? - To be honest, I use all possible tools that exist. - Walk us through a couple of those. - Let's say, what ring the most is Google, I will say. Because Google have all the clients from all over the world, right? International clients as well. The second place will be Yelp, but Yelp have mostly people from United States. - Interesting. - People all over the world, they don't know about Yelp at all. So, as well as Instagram, advertising on Google and advertising on Instagram, on Facebook platform. There is many, many things you can do with Facebook advertisement. You can find exactly the client that you need, because my client is not, sometimes is not a regular person. I'm trying to focus only on the luxury yachts right now. Which not everyone can afford. So I will say my client is that 5% of the people, who can actually afford this type of boat. Some boats, they're most expensive one that we have, starts from $3,500 an hour and that's for our minimum. - So, it's very, very specific people. - It's a big commitment. - A good thing about it, that I get to know these people. Like last year, I met and become a friends with 3 billionaires. - For one year, so... It's not like I am trying to become a friend with them, they're trying to speak with me because they need something from me. So let's take your typical client. Really eager to know, on average, what does every client spend? - Yeah, it depends if you get a boat or you get a jet. So for the boats, it's in a range between 3,500 and 7,000-- - In average. For jets, it's 8,500 to maybe 12,000. Helicopters is maybe a five to 8,000 in average. - And you mentioned previously, that in total you're chartering about 50 boats per month. - Yeah, 50 is just the boats. - Plus the jets, plus the helicopters and plus cars. And we're started renting the mansions right now too. We're just starting, so we don't have any statistics about it yet. But it's going to be a big. - Awesome. Yeah, you've got a pretty great website. - Thank you. - A place to start and then... - So we're gonna see mansions there? - I think they're actually... Oh, they're already. - Maybe by the time this whole work is gonna be ready, mansions are already gonna be there. - Nice. Do you have any tips and tricks for our audience when it comes to Google AdWords, Yelp and all the other platforms? Anything as a tip-bit. - To be honest, I wouldn't say I can have a tip, because for each platform I have a different person who does the advertising. One person for Google, one for Facebook and Instagram and... Yeah, it's not me personally doing it. But it's a good thing about starting a business, the business owner doesn't need to know everything. Because to know something, you have to be the best in it. But the business owner needs to find a best person in each segment and gather them all together. - Boom! I love it, guys. It's not about what you know, it's about finding the right expert-- - Yes, exactly, the right team. - To be on your team. - Yeah, and not only team, but the best team. - I hope you guys enjoyed this video. I hope you were inspired and educated someone, on this industry in this business. Living the high life. Dmitry has done it and so can you. Make sure you like this video, and thank you so much for watching. And don't forget to check out all our other videos.

  Top Comments:
  1. @UpFlip [9 likes]: Make sure to watch Part 2: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NLjEeJvfnsI
What do you think about Dmitry’s journey? Are you ready to build your own charter fleet? Let us know in the comments!
  2. @amerikanviking [3 likes]: This is what I am doing with my money. I am tired of working and working and working like a slave and getting nowhere. You want to get somewhere, you start a business.
  3. @emmanuellandombeson6610 [2 likes]: Thanks for sharing such useful and informative videos. Be Blessed
  4. @mattski1543 [2 likes]: We never seen his yacht. Yins just moved room to room roof top to roof top 😐
  5. @lawrence.centinales [2 likes]: im an immigrant my self this is inspirational
  6. @lennygalindo [2 likes]: This was an amazing episode, thank you for sharing this type of content.
  7. @QUATTRO4XKP [1 likes]: Wow... He  spent his first 6 years in the US working low paying jobs like McDonald's restaurants etc ... got tired of that and decided to be his own boss and bought 80k boat plus spent 30k on "unexpected repairs"???  Made the City build him a dock... Payed bunch of people for managing website & advertising on different social platforms.  And billionaires need him and not other way around ??? Even Jeff Bezos is jealous of him since he had to start selling books from his garage for first 10 years.
Sounds like another Russian successful story tale for dumb people.
  8. @sophiez666 [1 likes]: Not true, we do know yelp
  9. @tomneverdal3921: Does Dimitri have his business in Oxnard?
  10. @renegabriel8852: I spend the same amount of time doing it, but with bigger Commisions.
  11. @starttofinishmediaco.2520: Does anyone know the name of the book he mentioned? I couldn’t quite hear it
  12. @darioxbrow9223: Can you pls make more vids about this industry
  13. @AccountantFPD: Awesome information! Dimitri made in 10 years!
  14. @BREIKO_1: I want to become a sex 6:52
  15. @Bjornlronside: Yacht chartering, different parts,catchy brand name
  16. @Usmanali-yj1ol: I will do this insallah ❤️
  17. @miamitopcharters9754: What was the name of the book again
  18. @emilywalker1446: useful advice
  19. @charterdocka: Awesome Channel. Keep it up *** rated.
  20. @minutescouldsaveyoupercentormo: So he delivers the hatch’s to the destination or how does it work?

- The Captain's Character: CBS12 News dives into hiring practices of yacht industry: Kind: captions Language: en Exclusively on CBS2 News. Come with us into the lifestyles of the rich and famous. The yaching industry. Yeah. Being the captain of a yacht is a powerful position, but as we found out, background checks may not be telling the entire story of who's hired to be at the helm. CBS 12's Stephanie Verama is on assignment for the IT team. A recent case of battery in Palm Beach County led the CBS 12 News team into the world of mega yachts. The same world you see on reality TV show Below Deck, which has popularized the behind-the-scenes actions of the skippers, the servers, and deck hands. A captain named Jack McGrder has faced criminal charges. He plead guilty in Colorado after sharing intimate pictures of a former girlfriend. And more recently, he served 100 days behind bars in Florida pleading guilty to felony battery. In that case, a woman who matched with McGrder through a dating app told Palm Beach police an intimate night included choking. Details of the incident were discussed in a recorded phone call between the woman and McGrder with Palm Beach Police listening in. Today's date is November 21st, 2024. My name is Palm Beach Police Department. We will be conducting a controlled call to suspect James Jack McGrder. In the recorded call, McGrder says the rough touching was miscommunication. I I misread you. I I just didn't understand. As part of his sentencing in Palm Beach County, McGrder was ordered to provide samples of DNA, have no access to dating apps or social media, undergo a mental and psychosexual evaluation, and surrender his passport. McGrder's lawyer says, quote, "Any sexual encounter between the two parties was consensual, and this is not the situation that has been portrayed through the charges and through the media." There's a podcast on YouTube. I survived Jack James McGrder. And a West Palm Beach law firm has this on their website. The search for victims of Jack McGrder. Brian Pquette, McGrder's attorney, is fighting back. In a statement to CBS2 News, he told me, quote, "They can look all they want. They won't find any victims. My client is a professional and he is truly a good man. He is in no way a predator and any civil council seeking to discover things that don't exist will be shown that their efforts are futile. We've had a number of people that have reached out to us that um are alleged victims of this perpetrator and we're vetting those cases now. Spencer Kovven is the chief legal officer at Gold Law. He explains the McGrder case is an indication there's a bigger issue. He says the hiring practices of the yawning industry are negligent. Uh the problem is that there is very little very little vetting process for these individuals. Kovven says captains with criminal histories and questionable behavior continue to land jobs. The best charter captain you will ever meet in the IT team found multiple cases of captains in trouble with the law. This viral video please bro landed charter boat captain Brock her in hot water. In the video, he is seen yelling, cursing, and threatening a fisherman. Puna Gorda police say her pulled over his boat and without permission boarded another fisherman's boat and proceeded to argue. His trial is now pending. He's charged with burglary, assault, and battery and nonforced entry. In 2013, Captain John Paul Cenbader was accused of smuggling hundreds of pounds of cocaine worth millions into the US at least twice, including a case at the Palm Beach Harbor Marina on Flaggler Drive in West Palm Beach. He plead guilty to conspiring to import cocaine. Amy Ira has more than three decades of experience in the yaching industry. She says in some cases, drugs and alcohol flow freely on board. I think a lot of the um sexual assaults, a lot of the harassment, a lot of the complaints that crew have about captains and other crew member is alcoholrelated or drugreated. And both of them should be not allowed when you're at work, period. And you're at work as long as you're on the boat. Ira, the president and owner of Blue Oceans Yaching, explains the best practice is for owners to use a reputable hiring agency that conducts deep background checks on the captains looking for work. But ultimately, hiring a captain is at the discretion of the owner of a vessel or the vessel's management company. So, even if a captain has a criminal history, she explains that might not disqualify them. Somebody's making a decision at the end of the day as to how lenient they want to be. And while underway, the captain is the boss of the boat. So if there is an issue on board, wouldn't the captain be the person that the crew members can go to to report the issue? Yes. So what happens if the captain is the issue? Then they take it to the management company or to the owner directly or both. And that's only if the boat has a management company. If it's not used for charter, it may not have a management company. So there may not be anybody to report it to besides the owner who may not want to hear it. Kovven believes yacht owners and management companies should be sued when their captain's behavior is called into question. If you made a financial penalty, then maybe people would be a little bit more responsible in who they're hiring. I'm Stephanie Worama for CBS12 News.

  Top Comments:
  1. @JonHathaway-x3t: Money buys the best pirate captains, 'round the world, sea, air, and land

Money runs 'most' of the world (not all)

- Palm Beach XI Christened in Sydney: A Legend Reborn for The 80th Rolex Sydney Hobart Yacht Race: Kind: captions Language: en Hey, [music] hey, hey. >> [music]

- Man shocked at Rybovich Marina while working on yacht: Kind: captions Language: en want to get to some breaking news just coming into the newsroom yeah we're being told that a person has been taken to the hospital as a trauma patient there in serious condition after being shot this channel 5's Katie Johnson is live in west palm beach at the scene right now with the very latest Katie well this all happening within the past hour were actually right outside of ribavirin ax according to West Palm Beach Fire Rescue that person that was shocked is a 20 year old man he was working on a yacht here 200-foot yacht called podium here at the marina and that's when he was shocked while doing some electrical work on board that boat West Palm Beach Fire Rescue firefighters working very quickly to transport him to st. Mary's Medical Center where we're told he is in serious condition we also saw a crime scene van with West Palm Beach police coming out here within the just just the past couple of minutes so it appears West Palm Beach Fire Rescue working on this as well as the West Palm Beach Police Department we're still working to gather more details as soon as we get them will be sure to bring them to you that's lace from here in West Palm Beach Katie Johnson WPTV newsChannel 5

- How to Own a Yacht for Free! | Miami Boat Charter Business Insights: Kind: captions Language: en my worst nightmare is when somebody buys a yacht or a boat which is my passion and they go into it and they don't know what to expect and and they end up hating it to me it breaks my heart it breaks my heart [Music] all right hey guys it's nick carlos with mr yachts i get a lot of frequently asked questions in my business from all over the world um and a lot of people are worried about depreciation of boats rightfully so how much am i going to lose on this boat if i buy it how much am i gonna lose in one year two years five years ten years so i came up with this funny concept you know there's gonna be haters out there but i call it owning a boat for free i might have mentioned this in another video before but i really think it's not about how much the boat costs to buy but it's how much it costs to sell the boat at the end which includes all of your expenses right you you buy a car for a hundred thousand dollars but you also got to do your tires and your maintenance and your blah blah same with a boat so how do we get a yacht for free well it's all about putting your asset to work if you buy the right boat the things are practically money printers they're they're cash machines and so i want to explain to you a little bit how that works how you can not only offset your costs but make a profit and hopefully in the end you can sell the boat and get not only the money you paid into it but more and roll it into the next boat all right so look there's an average of 220 sunny days in south florida obviously this doesn't apply to places like europe where they have shorter seasons and specifically i'm talking about the miami market because that's what i know best and that's where there's the most day charters we can get into term charters later but the math all works out the same in the end which is the beautiful part of this so let's take a worst case scenario uh and cut that number in half we get down on 110. let's call it 120 to make numbers even because there's 12 months 120 days that's 10 days a month so if you really break it down weekly it's two and a half charters that's like two full days and a half day but it doesn't really matter as long as you get 10 days a month it adds up so if you have a competitively priced boat in this market i can tell you that you're probably going to get more than than 10 charters a month um you know i'm not going to say how many but you know we've seen some boats charter in the high teens per month so i'm gonna give you a very uh you know brute example um of a million dollars just to make math easy and then we'll work the numbers backwards so that you know that it makes sense right okay nick so how are you gonna sell me a boat for free well first let's talk about the cost of the boat i'll tell you about the running cost how much it costs to run the boat and how to offset those costs i have an entire excel sheet and and whole whole outline of this uh so if you'd like some information just let me know happy to go over it with you um but i'll try to explain as much of it as i can in this video so first of all let me give you an example of a million dollar boat that you're gonna finance first of all you don't buy a million dollar boat for a million dollars you buy a 1.3 to 1.5 million dollar boat for a million dollars if you can whatever is the the point is if you buy something for a million dollars you're going to put down 20 you'll finance it over 20 or 30 years if you do it for 20 four and a half percent interest you're gonna be around the 5 000 a month mark right great so now that's how much your boat costs for 20 years but you got to keep it somewhere so you've got dockage you've got crew you've got maintenance costs daily monthly annually and that's pretty much what boats cost i mean there's some fuel costs in there but i find them to be quite negligible at least in the day charter market and then when you do term charters um the guests pay for the fuel so again it's not really a cost so we'll keep fuel out um and again in in my in my deck that i have i include a lot of other costs like crew uniforms soft drinks snacks you know laundry every little thing adds up on these things and that's why a lot of people get into boats and they regret it uh and you have the you know you have the naysayers that the happiest day your life is today you bought it and the day you sold it and it's just not true but i'm glad i'm there for both days if you're happiest day of your life let's get into the uh the the running costs okay i'll break those down for you now the crew biggest cost in the boat grow almost 50 every time uh you know your captain they're gonna want you know the rule of thumb in the industry at least when i was a captain was a thousand dollars per foot per year so if you've got a 50 foot boat you're gonna be looking at around fifty thousand dollars for this guy to run the boat now if you're chartering it out heavily he'll make tips so maybe you can negotiate a lower price captains don't shoot me but it's true you will make more money and uh you know it's tip money it's better money um but if it's going to be for private use it'll be a little bit more expensive but that's not what we're talking about in this video so we'll take like a 50 55 foot boat a million bucks 200 000 down you're 5 000 a month in um mortgage you get your you know your captain for 50 000 a year uh you know it's like you know foreign change a month um and then you've got your dockage depending on where you keep it you can get cheaper dockage more expensive i like to be in better marinas because it's more presentable to the client and therefore you know you can get more money for the boat um and then what else we got insurance on a boat like that's probably and i'm not advising or or telling anybody what insurance is but i've seen it as low as 10 000 a year up to 15 maybe a little bit higher let's go with the worst case scenario it's 15. and so you're a little over a thousand and change on that um and then we've got to pay for you know your annual maintenance i think you pull it out of the water you do do the bottom you know we're going to repaint the bottom uh yeah that's i made some stuff it's probably probably another 10 grand a year so that kind of evens out it's about the same as the insurance okay so now you want to get your total cost of all that stuff so you get your 5 000 a month for your mortgage you got your crews like foreign change you got uh you know the the marina the insurance you break down the the haul out at the end of the year you're just over a hundred thousand dollars a year uh maybe a little bit more call it you know maximum 150 000 a year just to again be on the safe side you know yeah worst case scenario so worst case scenario 10 days a month worst case scenario your million dollar boat costs uh 150 000 a year and this million dollar boat should be a boat that you can charter out for about five thousand dollars a day you got to pay the charter fees which are 20 so you're ending up with four thousand dollars forty thousand dollars a month at the minimum of ten ten charters a month uh you know and then you divide the the 150 by 12. you're like twelve thousand and change a month forty thousand about twenty seven thousand 000 profit just on that alone multiply that by 12 and boom you got a boat that you're generating revenue on that after about three to four years if you're consistent with that pays off the boat itself so then by the time you're done with it you can sell the boat and you actually recoup all the money that you paid for the boat and so you take all the money from the asset and roll it into the next boat and that's when you call me again [Applause] really really really they're really rough numbers obviously interest rates change all the time people have different credit marinas have different quotes and there's just a lot going on but i tried to make it as average as possible with the most worst case scenarios possible so that you don't come after me someday and say would you do to me right because i'm actually pretty good at my job what i want you to do is is to feel comfortable buying boats so that you call me and i can help consult you at least because my worst nightmare is when somebody buys a yacht or a boat which is my passion and they go into it and they don't know what to expect and and and they end up hating it to me it breaks my heart it breaks my heart so look i have an entire business model based around specifically this type of acquisition where you you know charter it out and and that we know we can even get into the depreciation of the boats later on in another video because that's totally separate but uh yeah there is that too but um but yeah just you know get me in the comments you know my email any way you want to contact me instagram everything so i hope this video helps because you know i it is something people ask me a lot about and i'd love to just send them this video because it's pretty spot-on and i tell people this all the time um and i believe in it and and i do it i live it so look i hope you enjoyed the video i hope it was educational uh drop me a line comment like dislike if i missed anything let me know and uh give me some more ideas about what else i can shoot because i know a lot of people have questions and and may be afraid to ask or don't know how to reach out i'm right here thanks guys for watching again subscribe add all that stuff and looking forward to seeing you on the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @MrYachts [30 likes]: Hopefully this knowledge is helpful to you guys! Let me know if there's anything I missed or any questions you have 👇🏽 thanks for the support!
  2. @Manny415Fresco [1 likes]: Those interest rates were gold not the case anymore
  3. @fluffi8161 [1 likes]: 32.000 for one week on a million yacht, on which drugs are u?
  4. @wlewis8336: "Ghost listings"—often referred to as "phantom listings"—in the yacht world are fraudulent or non-existent advertisements for yachts that appear on Multiple Listing Service (MLS) websites and brokerage portals. They are a form of phishing used by unscrupulous brokers to attract potential buyers with artificially low prices for vessels they do not actually have the authority to sell. 
YachtBuyer
YachtBuyer
 +1
Here is a breakdown of what ghost listings are and how they work:
The Tactic: A broker posts a listing for a desirable yacht at an incredibly competitive or "too good to be true" price.
The Bait-and-Switch: When a buyer inquires about the yacht, the broker informs them it is sold, under contract, or taken off the market. The broker then pivots to offering the buyer a different, legitimate, and often more expensive listing.
Misleading the Market: Ghost listings distort the market, making genuine, appropriately priced boats seem overvalued. They also make inventory look larger than it actually is.
Data Theft: Sometimes, these listings are used to secure personal contact information from buyers for future solicitation.
Stale Listings: In a more innocent—but still frustrating—scenario, a "ghost listing" is simply an old, expired listing for a boat that was sold long ago but never removed by the broker, often resulting from non-exclusive "open" listings. 
Reddit
Reddit
 +4
These listings are common on many brokerage sites, causing frustration for buyers and damaging the reputations of honest brokers. 
YachtBuyer
YachtBuyer
How to Identify Ghost Listings:
Price is too low: The vessel is priced significantly lower than similar models.
Stock Photos: The listing uses generic manufacturer photos rather than real, current photos of the boat.
No Central Agent: The boat is not listed with a reputable, single Central Agent.
Broker Unwillingness: The broker is vague about when the boat can be viewed or quickly pushes you to look at a different vesse
  5. @doniyorrustamov996: thanks for free info
  6. @Pipeliner-y9h: Do you still provide consulting/guidance for newbies to the charter business.
  7. @superboardder: Good video. 👍 I want to learn more about yatchs. You explained the sales aspect well enough. I understood.
  8. @t0xyg3n: 👋 love to see your numbers. looking to get into boats as investments. are the returns really there to generate cashflow?
  9. @PeacefulReflectionsWagwan: Still selling Yachts?  Chartering still viable?
  10. @alanhale5505: What are the lenders requirements if you have 200k to put down on 1 mill? Income/debt ?  Do they count the income from the business? Or do you already have to have 200-300k annual income? I flip properties have 200k down,
  11. @richardalcedo4711: Hello I’m extremely interested in getting that charter business plan I would love to have my boat making money or me
  12. @savchuktaras: I am not into boats but I was curious how the business if ran. Thank for sharing these insights; now when I watch Boat Zone I now know a little more.
  13. @misfitsCUE: I want that spreadsheet and a consult, Sirena 78 on ii's way.
  14. @xvgwhalevvs.diamonds3281: Unless you're keeping it for 20 years, if you count mortgage as cost, more accurate to say monthly cost is $40,000, because the mortgage of $5k is the min - based on 20 years of payment, so for this to work in 3-5 years, really have to pay $32k a month on mortgage, and aim to just keep making maximum mortgage payments until it's paid(the only way to pay it off in a few years).

Your true profit is $32k a month in boat equity, until paid off fully, as should include the $5k based paid into the mortgage as profit(sort of) since it's not just an expense, each payment is gaining you equity in asset of the boat(I mean yes you technically own it and have full equity, but you know what I mean, as it's paid off it's converted from a debt liability to an actual liquid asset). Which, may translate to really like $20k a month profit in the end in real dollars(really profit after it's paid off and the boat is sold, I would look at it as working without profit until it is fully paid, the sooner it's paid the better, then the boat value is pure profit), as that $32k equity value is proportionate to the loan/purchase price so brand new price plus interest to gain the final asset of a few years used boat(which, isn't bad, not what I call "free", as requires years of work and upfront financial commitment, still $1m, just making it back). So yeah, in my eyes, $40k a month expenses, and a few years of break even, for maybe $600k at the end of 3 and half years, which really aint too bad, but still a grind/hustle to make it happen.

It's a good idea, though many people watching would get excited with the $40k coming in, pay the $5k mins, and pretend to already be reach, and really need to be paying on the boat for a full 20 years because they're spending $27k a month on bad bishes and blow with the "profit" instead of paying off the mortgage faster(which is why you have to be careful with calling that $27k "profit", since it's only profit if either you're happy with making those $5k payment for the full 20 years, or you're putting the $27k into the mortgage so you can realize that profit minus depreciation via sale of the boat when fully paid)

Doing that with 20 of these at the same time would be real nice, just need a $20m line of credit :P
  15. @redredred1: Financing a boat for 20 years at 4%.... Umm.... is this real life?
  16. @scottcoachlife5443: Excellent! Question- charter fee of $1K on a $5K a day charter- what is that? For the captain?
  17. @choco.es.secret: It's hard to get 5k a charter. You need a mega boat for that price.  Then are we talking about bareboat charter?
  18. @peto813: Nice video, I just purchased a 1976 53 ft Hatteras and did a complete makeover. 
I live in the venezuelan Caribbean region and hopefully get a profit otherwise I can sell
  19. @michaelanastos18: I would love more info on your spread sheet
  20. @timinfla2: What if you bought an older but larger boat for less money.  Could you still day-charter something like that out or would that be more of a term charter opportunity?

- Miami: The Don'ts of Visiting Miami, Florida: Kind: captions Language: es ¡Hola, viajeros! Soy Mark, de Wolters World. Hoy estamos en South Beach, en Miami Beach. Y hoy te diremos lo que no debes hacer al visitar Miami, porque no importa si vienes por un fin de semana, una despedida de soltero, o en un crucero, hay cosas que debes y no debes hacer cuando vienes a Miami. Y el primer "no" para cualquier persona que venga aquí NO TE OLVIDES DE VER LA CUENTA ANTES DE DAR PROPINA es "no te olvides de ver la cuenta cuando vas a un restaurante". ¿Por qué? Bueno, los costos de servicio ya pueden estar incluidos en tu cuenta. Cada lugar al que fuimos aquí en South Beach ya tenía incluido el veinte o el veintiuno por ciento, ya sea en bebidas, en un bar, en restaurantes, donde sea. Por eso, presta atención porque aun así, hay un lugar en la cuenta para que incluyas más propinas y tal vez agregues un cuarenta por ciento de propina sin darte cuenta. Así que presta atención. No pasa en todos lados, bueno, aquí en South Beach sí, pero estábamos en Downtown Miami en este genial restaurante peruano que no tenía costo de servicio incluido y tuvimos que agregarlo. Así que estate atento, ¿está bien? Y otra cosa importante cuando busques un servicio, NO ESPERES UN BUEN SERVICIO no esperes un gran servicio aquí. No voy a mentirte, algunas personas se me acercaron me encontré con dos estudiantes, Maggie, que se casará y Tiffany, y ambas me dijeron "Mark, por favor, menciona lo malo que es el servicio aquí en Miami" Tendrás que esperar, y no les importará si estás feliz o no con el servicio. No, no es así en todos lados, sucede mucho en South Beach. No sucede en todo Miami, pero debes saber que el servicio no va a sorprenderte aquí y quizás sea porque saben que el 20% de costo de servicio ya está incluido, pero es una cosa por la que debes estar alerta. Así que ten paciencia con el mesero, probablemente demorará en traer tu comida y tu bebida. Es Miami ¿qué otra cosa vas a hacer? Estamos aquí por la playa, por el sol, estamos aquí para relajarnos. Simplemente presta atención. Y como estoy en South Beach, creo que debería hablar sobre los otros "noes" que no debes hacer cuando sales, Primero, no reserves el servicio de mesa, (bottle service). En las fiestas y bares, NO RESERVES EL BOTTLE SERVICE ahorrarás mucho dinero pidiendo bebida por bebida en vez de pedir el servicio de mesa. Otra cosa que puede suceder es ir a un restaurante de South Beach o a un bar, y pedir una cerveza mediana, a lo que te responderán "hay promoción de dos por una en cerveza grande, o tres por una en estas de aquí" Y tú piensas "ah, puede ser un buen negocio, aceptaré" pero notarás que no dicen el precio. Así que mi "no" para ti es: No aceptes las promociones de dos por uno ni de tres por uno sin mirar el precio. NO CAIGAS EN PROMOCIONES DOS POR UNO Siempre miro el precio para estar seguro, porque una vez pedí una cerveza mediana y el mesero dijo "hay un especial de dos por una en cerveza grande" y pensé "tengo que probarlo". Y no estoy bromeando, por dos cervezas grandes, y eran grandes, reconoceré eso, aún con la promoción de dos por una pagué 45 dólares por dos cervezas con propinas e impuestos incluidos. Pero lo que es genial de esas promociones es que suelen traerte la cuenta y decir "¡mira cuánto has ahorrado, podrían haber sido 90 dólares y sólo pagaste 45!" Por dos cervezas... debes estar bromeando. No creas en promociones dos o tres por uno, asegúrate de mirar el menú para ver el precio real. Y otra cosa que sucede mucho aquí en South Beach durante la noche es que mucha gente piensa "no quiero gastar tanto en bebida, iré al almacén, a Wallgreens y compraré algunas bebidas y beberemos aquí" Mi "no" para eso es: NO INTENTES ENCONTRAR BEBIDAS EN SOUTH BEACH DESPUÉS DE 8PM No esperes comprar alcohol en South Beach después de las ocho de la noche. Quieren que gastes tu dinero en restaurantes y bares, A MENOS QUE SEA EN UN BAR O RESTAURANTE. y por eso cierran todo. Hay un almacén justo ahí en donde muchas personas me preguntaron: "¿dónde están las bebidas?" y respondí "mira, no venden bebidas en este almacén de South Beach, si continúas por ahí y doblas a la derecha hay un Walgreens con un anexo de bebidas pero está separado". Así que prepárate para eso, compra tus bebidas si quieres ahorrar dinero, pero hazlo antes de las ocho. El próximo "no" es algo que seguramente toda la gente de Miami quiere que diga y es: no creas que South Beach está realmente en Miami, está en el sudeste de Miami Beach. Tienes que atravesar este puente de Miami a Miami Beach para llegar a South Beach. No pienses que South Beach está técnicamente en Miami, si bien está en el área metropolitana de Miami, no te olvides de eso. Y también es importante que no creas que Miami es sólo South Beach, NO CREAS QUE SOUTH BEACH ES MIAMI esta ciudad tiene un montón de áreas diferentes para explorar como Little Havana, de la cual hablaremos más tarde, Calle Ocho, donde puedes ir a las fábricas y tiendas de cigarros, o a comer muy buena comida y beber y disfrutar mientras estés ahí. Pero hay mucho más que eso. Puedes ir a Coral Gables a hacer compras y comer, o a Key Biscayne, puedes alquilar un auto e ir a Everglades y hacer una excursión allí. Hay muchas cosas para hacer en Miami además de South Beach. Y creo que es muy importante mencionar que no pienses que Miami es un lugar alocado, con fiestas las 24 horas. NO CREAS QUE EN MIAMI HAY FIESTAS TODO EL TIEMPO No lo es, de hecho, es bastante relajado por la mañana en South Beach, esta parte de South Beach y Ocean Drive de noche es una locura, pero generalmente es en el fin de semana. Durante la semana, fuera de temporada es bastante tranquilo aquí, y de hecho si vas al sur, a 5th Street, encontrarás restaurantes muy tranquilos. Es como el día y la noche, Ocean Drive y la 5th Street. Y mientras paseas verás que Miami es una ciudad de verdad, y no sólo un destino turístico. En el centro de Miami encontrarás museos muy interesantes como el Museo de Ciencias Frost, el Museo de Arte Perez de Miami y Dade County, hay muchos lugares para visitar, como el planetario. Hay muchas cosas para hacer en el centro, y puedes ir a Brickell, a pasar un buen rato en uno de sus bares. No todo es fiesta, fiesta, fiesta, hay personas reales viviendo vidas reales y puedes verlo cuando sales de South Beach así que no te quedes sólo en South Beach, sal y explora más. Al pensar en fechas para venir a Miami, te lo diré ahora: No vengas en julio o agosto. El calor y la humedad son simplemente... NO VENGAS EN JULIO O AGOSTO ¡Es Florida! Everglades no está lejos, es como si estuvieras derritiéndote, y te sentirás así en julio o agosto. Y luego está la temporada de huracanes que va de julio a octubre o noviembre, algo por el estilo, es decir, hay épocas en las que no conviene venir, puedes planear tu viaje de diciembre a mayo, que es fantástico y el clima es genial, los restaurantes funcionan, hay cosas para hacer. Esa sería mi fecha favorita para venir, porque soy el tipo de hombre que puede llegar a morir con 40 grados allá afuera, así que estate atento. Otro "no" que tengo para ti, y que mi amigo Adrian, que es de aquí me dijo "Mark, por favor diles: no conduzcan en Miami NO CONDUZCAS EN MIAMI si no tienen que hacerlo, porque realmente apesta, y encontrar estacionamiento no es muy divertido, y verás que hay turistas paseando, lugareños yendo a trabajar, embotellamientos todo el tiempo, se vuelve muy frustrante. Puedes usar Uber y Lyft en toda la ciudad, es super simple. y son bastante rápidos no importa en qué parte estés, lo que me parece maravilloso. Otra cosa que sucede es que verás gente que llega aquí y alquila una Ferrari o un Muscle Car y presumen diciendo "¡mira, soy genial!" y conducen, algunos saben cómo, para otros es más complicado, así que mejor no conduzcas si no lo necesitas. Y si estás conduciendo hacia Miami, el siguiente "no" es: NO CREAS QUE EL VALET DEJARÁ TU AUTO EN UN LUGAR ELEGANTE No creas que el valet parking dejará tu auto en un lugar super especial. Porque la mayoría de las veces estacionarán tu auto en un estacionamiento normal. No irás a un estacionamiento secreto, irás a un estacionamiento municipal y te cobrarán el triple por el privilegio de estacionarte el auto. No diré que no uses el servicio de valet porque puede salvarte, pero mantente alerta. Y esto me lleva a otro "no": NO TE OLVIDES DE TOMAR MEDIDAS DE SEGURIDAD No te olvides de tus medidas de seguridad cuando estés en Miami, no dejes nada de valor dentro del auto, no dejes tus cosas sueltas en la playa, porque pueden desaparecer. Y si vas a salir de noche, no creas que puedes caminar veinte cuadras y que estará todo bien, toma un Uber, toma un Lyft, toma un taxi, así estás seguro. Y otro "no" sobre seguridad es: NO TE OLVIDES DE USAR BLOQUEADOR Y PROTECTOR SOLAR No te olvides de tu bloqueador y de tu protector solar todo el año. Y no solamente cuando vas a South Beach a las playas, si vas a pasear por Little Havana para comer, beber y disfrutar, también te quemarás, entonces asegúrate de usar mucho bloqueador, aplicarlo a menudo, usar sombrero, mantenerte a salvo del sol. El calor y la humedad se pueden soportar, pero el sol puede ser muy peligroso aquí. Y hablando de Little Havana, el próximo "no" es: NO TE PIERDAS LA CULTURA CUBANA No te pierdas la cultura cubana cuando estés aquí en Miami. Hay tantos restaurantes cubanos a los que puedes ir, SANDWICH DE CROQUETA tienen un sándwich de croqueta de Versailles con jamón, queso, mostaza, pepinillos, cerdo, pan cubano, ¡es fantástico, debes probarlo! SANDWICH CUBANO DE VERSAILLES Hay muchas otras comidas geniales aquí, y el sándwich de croqueta está bien, pero mi favorito es el lechón asado que es cerdo asado. ¡Oh, Dios mío, es fenomenal! Otra cosa que amo es vaca frita, que es una carne muy fina y muy buena. También puedes pedir tostones, o plátanos, ¡hay tanta comida aquí, no te la pierdas! ¿Hay comida cubana en toda la ciudad? Sí, puedes comprar en South Beach, probablemente más cara, pero buena pero te sugiero que vayas a Little Havana y come allí. Cuando estés en Little Havana, camina por la Calle Ocho y verás el Paseo de la Fama, verás personas jugando dominó como en la televisión y pensarás "es como en la televisión con Miami" y verás restaurantes, bares, verás el memorial de Bahía de los Cochinos y te recomiendo leer todas las placas para entender mejor a la comunidad. Hay un montón de lugares que te ayudarán a conocer más sobre la comunidad, visita las fábricas y tiendas de cigarros, aunque no fumes cigarros, como yo, que igual disfruto yendo porque aprendo cosas. Hay muchas cosas que puedes aprovechar de la cultura cubana aquí. Habiendo dicho todas las cosas cubanas que puedes hacer aquí, otro "no" es: NO CREAS QUE HAY SOLAMENTE CULTURA CUBANA no creas que todo es cultura cubana en Miami, hay mucha población haitiana y de Puerto Rico aquí, y hay muchas cosas para hacer. Puedes comer mofongos, puedes comer comida haitiana fantástica. Comí las mejores comidas tailandesas de mi vida aquí en Miami, en Coral Gables. ¡Comida vegana! Fui a Full Bloom Vegan y Chris, el chef ¡es fantástico! ¡hizo volar mi cabeza! Puedes comer muy bien y no creas que es sólo comida cubana, es comida muy buena de todas partes. El siguiente "no" en Miami es: NO TE PREOCUPES POR ENCAJAR. MIAMI ACEPTA A TODO EL MUNDO no te preocupes por encajar en Miami, Miami está hecho para todos. Tienes a las chicas doradas, las despedidas de solteros, los hombres gordos de mediana edad, que vienen a comer, beber y disfrutar, todo el mundo está en Miami, y puedes relajarte de verdad aquí. ¡Y eso lo que la hace genial! Es una ciudad grande donde puedes relajar, y eso es algo que me gusta mucho de aquí. Son felices recibiendo a cualquier persona que venga, y esa es una de las cosas lindas de Miami. Es muy acogedora, excepto por el atendimiento, lo cual suena tonto, pero lo entenderás cuando estés aquí. Y quiero terminar con una cosa que para muchas ciudades de Estados Unidos no es de mucha ayuda: NO OLVIDES QUE HAY TRANSPORTE PÚBLICO no olvides que en Miami hay mucho transporte público que puedes usar. Puedes tomar el tren en varios lugares pero si estás en diferentes barrios verás estos trolebuses en los que puedes recorrer el vecindario. Y muchas veces el transporte público ¡es gratis! entonces no necesitas pagar y puedes explorar un poco, porque si estás aquí en verano y el calor te está matando, ¿por qué no te subes al trolebús en Coral Gables, paseas un poco y te ahorras el sudor en las axilas? Así podrás disfrutar algunos mojitos más, más opciones fantásticas de comida mientras estés aquí. Ya sea que vengas aquí en un crucero, o de fiesta, o por trabajo, espero que esto te sirva para conocer algunas cosas que debes y no debes hacer en Miami. Les deseo lo mejor, y me despido desde South Beach.

  Top Comments:
  1. @samratspeaks [1 likes]: Another pro tip I learnt the hard way: DONT BUY BUS TOUR OR ANYTHING WITH CASH. These are all scams.
  2. @sleepmanual43: Yeah don't GO
  3. @Toby-oq8cg: Just got back from Miami. We walked around one evening in Southbeach/ ocean drive area, it’s a cesspool. Never going back
  4. @9178-d5h: The tipping culture in this country is one big rip off , Americans love boasting how great their country is yet still count on people's generosity or in other words hand outs , I thought American workers hated people getting hand outs isn't that socialism ,you should hassle for better salaries than tips,  the bill is expensive as it is
  5. @TimelessNostalgic: Your video saved me 2 years ago. Thank You! I stayed on Collins Ave and would frequent Ocean Drive and just like you said they added the tip in the bill.
  6. @MarinaFont-q6l: Don't tell people there that Cuban culture is the same as Puerto Rican, Dominican, Colombian, or other Latin American culture. They are all different cultures and you may insult a local there.
  7. @Ava2969ny: It should be the person's decision at to whether they give 15%, 18%, etc. The audacity of these restaurants. While I understand that the wait staff don't earn as much as they should, it still should be the decision of individual diners as to how much tip should be added.
  8. @farzanasworld6109: Hello Wolter. Thank you for the tips. What would be a good beach to go to near Miami? Hoping for some aqua blue water unlike our Massachusetts beaches with dark sand and almost black water with sea moss 😂. Any suggestions?
  9. @howardroth3700: Just don’t……..
  10. @lyleroberts6006: The don’t s are just don’t go there.  The lodging there is a scam and it has the highest crime rate in all of Florida.  We were supposed to stay there for a week; we showed up, read the area and left within hours.  Look up the crime stats and you will see that it is not a place to be; especially for women.
  11. @stuartlee6622: Don't think anyone understands English.
Only few speak English anymore.
  12. @maryvought9244: Thanks so much!  Wonderful tips.  Also thanks for mentioning vegan foods.   That’s a tough one sometimes.❤
  13. @TenantRepGuru: Love your videos.
  14. @fraerot: south beach ocean drive including Lincoln road is history.
Tip. Wynwood in Miami
  15. @imadnakhleh: What's the weather in August?Rain and hurricanes?
  16. @Skeeders: I lived in Miami for 5 years.  The biggest don't is visiting in the first place.  The people are horrendously despicable...  I unfortunately have to go down there for work often, but I would never go there on my own time.
  17. @Spacee_RC: hahaha i am built the same way friend. i will die there in July or august. great tips man thank you for the video!
  18. @GlobalCostCompass: People say ‘you earn more in the US’ — but do you actually save more? My video answers that question with real data
  19. @schlenbea: Loved my time in south beach last April, but man as an Ohio boy I thought spf 30 would suffice as long as I wasn't in the sun too long..  NOPE. Got the worst sun burn in recent memory just standing in and out of an umbrella. Be careful during peak sun times no matter the time of year!
  20. @agibbs61: Why pay a tip for poor service? Surely that is the point of a tip? This really proves the point that it is really just a tax.  Pay these people properly and don't expect me to reward poor service.

- Boats, Yachts, Art & More Across Miami This Weekend: Kind: captions Language: en HE IS FACING NUMEROUS CHARGES INCLUDING ABDUCTION AND FELONY HIT-AND-RUN. POLICE IN RICHMOND ARE STILL LOOKING FOR THE DRIVER OF THE CAR WHO ORIGINALLY REAR-ENDED THE WOBURN. IT'S ONE OF THE BUSIEST AND BIGGEST BEACONS ON SOUTH FLORIDA'S CALENDAR WAS SO MUCH HAPPENING ALL AT ONCE. SOME OF IT GOT GOING TODAY. AMBER DIAZ IS LIVE MIAMI WITH A PEEK AT THE FRONT IN STORE FOR US. AMBER? Reporter: GOOD EVENING. THE PERFECT MIAMI WEEKEND. FILLED WITH ALL DIFFERENT TYPES OF BOATS AND YACHTS AND FOOD AND LOTS OF ART. YOU HAVE TO DECIDE DO YOU WANT TO BE ON LAND OR BY SEA. 380 ARTIST AND 12 CHEFS AND LIVE MUSIC ALL YOUR FOR THE ANNUAL COCONUT GROVE ART SHOW. MARKING ITS 57th YEAR ON SATURDAY. YOU CAN CRUISE DOWNTOWN IF YOU ARE NOT AN ART LOVER. THE MIAMI YACHT SHOW SHOWING OFF LAVISH YACHTS AT ONE HERALD PLAZA. FOR MANY IT'S A YEARLY BOAT SHOW DRYING HUNDREDS OF THOUSANDS TO VIRGINIA KEY BEACH PARK. THIS YEAR THEY ARE GOING GREEN. TAKE THE 60 FOOT SOLAR POWERED YACHT. TRYING TO PUSH THE YACHTING INDUSTRY INTO RENEWABLE ENERGY. Reporter: YOU CAN ALWAYS SAY YOU DID YOUR PART BY INVESTING IN A PAIR OF SHADES. FEELING THIRSTY AFTER A HOT DAY IN THE SUN YOU MIGHT WANT TO TAKE ONE OF THESE REUSABLE BOTTLES TO A HYDRATION STATION. YOU CAN SWING BY CELEBRITY CHEF ALAN SASSER AND SAY HELLO. LIVE FISH ARE TAKING OVER THE REEFS FROM FLORIDA. IF WE DO NOT EAT THESE FISH THEY WILL EAT MORE OF THE FISH OUT THERE. AND THEY BECOME A MONSTER PROBLEM. DAY OR NIGHT THERE IS SOMETHING FOR EVERYONE. EITHER ON LAND OR BY SEA. BACK OUT HERE IN MIAMI. IF YOU'RE THINKING ABOUT HEADING OUT TO THE BOULDER NATIONAL YOU CAN DRIVE OR RIDESHARE.

- Inside Miami's Luxury Boat Scene: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] miami is the mecca for power boating it always was phenomenal boating 365 days a year technology's taking the the boats and the speeds to ridiculous numbers and everybody wants a boat everybody wants to be on the water it's the boating cabin we're on the bow of the lamborghini inspired raging bull in miami florida the offshore powerboat capital of the world all right here we go that's 100 130. these million dollar performance machines are built for offshore racing drug smuggling and sandbar partying we came here on a mission to learn about the technology and culture surrounding this insistence to travel as fast as possible on water there's a 38 foot cigarette yep pair of horse uh mercury engines and uh this boat should be capable of doing over 110 miles an hour plus larry goldman has been inside this evolving world solidifying his place in the powerboat hall of fame as a stunt driver for miami vice i've been a boat racer since the early 80s won national and world championship titles so i've been gener you know generally racing for over 25 years after the 80s larry transitioned into the boat manufacturing industry and has since become a south beach mainstay selling brightly colored million dollar boats to everyone from retired jersey doctors to playboy russian mega rich what is it about miami that made it the mecca i mean miami still today is the mecca power boating originated from the people that that ran these boats for smuggling operations the drug dealers were out here literally just running to the bahamas and back the islands being 53 miles away they were doing it in boats that can get there so the object was getting there and getting there fast and that's how it all evolved and from there boats became faster and faster and faster just a few years later miami's glitzy lawlessness penetrated pop culture to the delight of millions of viewers my advice did a lot for south beach because it showed the flair and the colors and the architecture and the whole lifestyle one of the episodes the great mccarthy is still today very popular memory of the past of miami vice its portrayal of go fast boats brought a new image to the scene clean cut well to do's like lawyers and bankers could get behind the wheel of a go fast boat and feel like a badass as miami became a playground for the rich the speedboating world found itself flooded with cash the result was a nautical craft as technologically advanced as it was ostentatious without the limitations of money boat builders began reaching new heights of performance today i'm running boats with over 3000 horsepower how fast is the fastest boat in here uh i would say the fastest boat in here is the lamborghini marine technology boat at probably 165 miles an hour did you work with lamborghini on it yeah they actually gave us an authorization and everything they were involved they were they improved throughout all the drawings they actually sent us a lot of the parts those are authentic mirrors from lambeau everything is the same as its land-based counterpart save for the motor designed specifically for the water the engines in this boat alone are about three hundred thousand dollars that's an oil sump tank almost like you see on a dragster where the oil's not in the motor but it's in the tank and then the motor takes the oil and it lubricates the motor as it needs it and keeps cycling it back into the tank this is working off the exhaust okay but we still need ventilation to keep this compartment cool this is where the intake is to bring air in we're keeping the motor area cool here and making sure the ventilation goes around okay and and gets the exhaust out the back the gold man sensed i was itching to take this creature out into its natural habitat so we headed to the bay where he apprehensively offered me the driver's seat here we go but when i if i reach for that wheel what are you doing i'm letting go oh don't like it like that just loosen it push it up and then i'm gonna go like that you're gonna grab it again okay just don't over if i grab it you tighten up i'm going to go like this okay okay that might do a little harder than that i understand larry's going to slap him relax okay all right here we go straight nope nope quick move left and now you're racing all right we're racing one of the most popular contemporary power boats is the center console massive and fast this species is a product of a new generation of boat lovers those who combine speed with good old stationary partying to gain a closer look at the technology behind the center console we met with young boat builder mike aragon of full throttle marine we're at fourth auto marine in miami and we've been doing it for about nine years there's there's many different ways to approach a situation on a motor on an electrical problem you know today a boat runs good tomorrow you might have an issue you know it's they're they're finicky machines very finicky are you looking towards things have been done in the past are you constantly looking towards what you can do in the future from an innovation standpoint it's changed a lot technology has taken the the boats and the speeds to ridiculous numbers nowadays the way you set up a boat is totally different props engine heights setbacks it's all computerized we can plug up to the motor we can actually plug up to the rigging if there's a rigging problem and it'll tell you everything it's like you don't have a boater miami it's like you're carles there's so much access there's so much water everywhere mike offered to take us out on the water so we could experience the center console design in action and like that we found ourselves floating in the center of a miami easter weekend party in all its glory this is the other side we've been studying production this entire time now we're moving to consumption uh we're now aboard the ss young muddy with a bunch of young money people who are all parked their boats here in key biscayne bay the idea is basically pull up drink a bunch of bud light hang out and enjoy your easter weekend or die trying the constellation of folks we met helped articulate why miami's role as the home for this eccentric form of speed is entirely inevitable 30 years into the future what do you see i keep thinking how many more motors they're going to put and how bigger the center consoles are getting nine years ago you had one or two motors and nine years later you got guys with four or five motors 60 foot boats 57 foot center consoles there's speed records now of 245 miles an hour it gets to the point that what's too fast so i don't know where that's going to end but i think the capabilities are going faster and faster is going to keep going there is no denying that this town's love affair with power boats will keep on careening on into the future [Applause] you

  Top Comments:
  1. @javianjohnson8746 [1 likes]: Miami looks like a DREAM on the water. Might have to take a speedboat tour the next time I’m out there lol 🔥
  2. @clear4261 [1 likes]: As a norwegian, please never use words as æ, ø or å in your name, for example how monster uses the letter ø instead of o, it makes it look goofy and makes for great norwegian memes lol
  3. @randomjackson574: i think its funny that go fast offshore boats are still associated with drug smuggling. yes, they were used, but they couldnt haul the 30 to 50k lbs the trawlers and shrimp boats brought in each trip.
  4. @phoenixburr9580: The lamest Miami boat show I’ve ever seen wtf could this have been anymore bored non eye opening or mind numbing
  5. @Elijah4372: Too much plastic boats what’s up with the wooden boats?
  6. @cryptohonesty7662: nice teeth... jeez
  7. @Andresout: more money than brains
  8. @rubengarcia5208: Vice city gta
  9. @boydcochran4692: Bust
Out
Another 
Thousand
  10. @awesomeandre1757: Fast boats to out run the police 👮‍♀️ when drug running
  11. @juanbarberis7192: Ridiculous! 😂
  12. @nobutsaboutit: Need to check out Michigan's boat scene. Sterling Performance in particular.
  13. @jacobtelford1995: Miami Coast Guard is constantly broadcasting ridiculous accidents/mishaps, many dread boating into the area 😅
  14. @blockminingsolutions: Can anybody take a guess of which camera gear they’re shooting with for this documentary?
  15. @ciankeane6485: Sonny crockets boat started all this
  16. @richierich1835: Pablo Escobar  wishes he could buy 50 of these all in white!
  17. @Sandro_Set: Kiss Fail at 7:17
  18. @Turk1984: Thirty years into the future and #Miami is an underwater dive site, as a direct consequence of this kind of shallow, pissing contest, dick measuring, obnoxiously #FloridaMan #Reality of #Excess and #Consumerism. #EmptyInside #FloridaIsAScam #LivinTheLie #AmericanDream #Florida #DesantisVariant #DefundGreed
  19. @jca8251: Team Seahawk
  20. @aldriquesjacobs892: Buying a yacht is stupid

- Boat Florida to Bahamas - Episode 54 - Lady K Sailing: Kind: captions Language: en hey guys welcome to episode 54 of lady Kay sailing today we're gonna talk about how to get your boat from Florida to the Bahamas we're gonna cover the Gulf Stream the win is staging in Florida and landing in the Bahamas customs and immigration shopping and fuel and what stuff you can expect to be doing when you finally get here the first thing we need to talk about is of course the Gulf Stream you're gonna need to be crossing the Gulf Stream it is going to heavily impact how you get from Florida the Bahamas so we're just gonna get that out of the way right now looking at this picture here you can see this is Florida on the left and you have some bohemian islands over on the right pretty straightforward except we have to cross the Gulf Stream to get from Florida to the Bahamas now you can see the Gulf Stream and this is sort of a heat map so the red area is the very very strong current and you can see by the arrows that it flows to the north this is an extremely important thing to remember it's a very powerful stream of current 3 or 4 knots in some places it doesn't take up the whole crossing but it is a big part of it sometimes it's only a few miles off the coast of Florida sometimes it's 10 miles off the coast of Florida you can actually check online before you leave to see how far out it is but most importantly you have to get across it and it is going to push you north very aggressively now with that in mind when we do cross the Gulf Stream we have to look at weather now this is a shot of wind finder we use wind finder and predict wind and windy and all sorts of different things but wind finder is the easiest one to talk about on camera so what we're looking at right now is the coast of Florida and then over to the Bahamas you may be knee down here and you got Freeport and the Grand Bahama Island at the top now when you're crossing the Gulf Stream in the middle here it's extremely important to consider how the wind is going to impact the Gulf Stream you have a three or four knot current going to the north and in this particular day you have a 10 or so knot wind going to the south now they are going to fight each other and they're gonna fight each other horrendously the northern current and the southern wind will actually create five or six foot Whitecaps out on the Gulf Stream and it'll be like a washing machine this particular day we're looking at is not a day that you want to be crossing from Miami to the Bahamas what you're looking for is a day that actually has no northerly component to the wind at all a southerly a Southwest a southeast any of that is fine and you need two of those days the first day you want a gentle wind from the south or Southwest or southeast so that the Gulf Stream can calm down if there's been a big northerly it's going to be chewed up so give it one full day of sort of gentle southerly winds to calm down on day two of those gentle southerly winds that's when you make your crossing that way the Gulf Stream is calm it's got in itself nice and collected it's not all choppy and you're not gonna have a heck of a ride so two days known northerly component to the wind go on day two we crossed with a south-southwest wind at about 10 to 15 knots after giving it a whole day with no northerly to calm down and we had a great time no problems it was a bit Rolly but I mean it's the Gulf Stream once you've figured out the Gulf Stream and the weather you'll be able to plan your window but the next big question is which route do we take there's sort of two schools of thought on that and we chose the route that we wanted to take based on the safest and easiest way and also the shortest way that would make a little bit of use of the Gulf Stream let me show you what I mean we're going to jump over to the iPad right now and of course look at Navionics if you want to see a video on how to use Navionics click up in the corner right now to check out our video on that okay so here we are in Navionics and the first school of thought is to start from a northern place in Florida Fort Pierce West Palm Beach that kind of thing and when you're leaving from there you're probably going to go over here to the Grand Bahama Island on this side and typically Freeport that's a good place to check in it's got lots of amenities all that stuff's there and if you look at our our actual numbers here at 74 miles from the west palm outlet to Freeport there might be a little Anchorage a little bit closer on the Freeport side but generally you're going to Freeport to check in or something like that and this is a pretty a way to do things it saves you from having to go down the Florida coast more toward Miami or Fort Lauderdale and it's nice and easy straight shot across but it is 74 miles and there is a shorter way the other thing that we don't really like about this is you notice it isn't straight across to the east it actually goes to the south a little bit there is directly east and you'd have to go a little bit south now you have this roaring Gulf Stream coming up the middle and it's gonna be pushing you to the north so you're actually fighting the Gulf Stream a little bit if you choose to go this route it's fine if you have a fast enough boat or if you don't care about fighting the Gulf Stream it's all good the other thing to consider here is if you're leaving from somewhere like West Palm Beach the outlet into the ocean tends to not have any really great Anchorage's around it for you to stage and wait for that good weather window and if you do choose to leave in the dark which we did leave at five o'clock in the morning just before sunrise you buy yourself more hours of daylight this outlet right here is quite busy it has a lot of shipping and fishing traffic going in and out of it and I don't know if I'd want to do all this navigation at night so that's why we chose not to leave from West Palm or anywhere like that okay so that's the northerly option we actually chose to go with the southerly option and bring the boat all the way down here to Miami and cross directly over to Bimini now the first thing you'll notice here is this is less than 50 miles which is much better than the 70 some-odd miles of the northerly Road shorter tends to be safer which is also faster so it was all the right things for us the other great thing about this is you'll notice it doesn't have a little southerly tilt to it it actually is a little bit of a northerly tilt to it so that Gulf Stream ripping up in the middle here will actually push us up north and we can actually just head due east and hit Bimini with the help of the Gulf Stream so you're not fighting the Gulf Stream and we're actually gonna talk about that in a second the other great thing about leaving from Miami is you have No Name Harbor right here now No Name Harbor is a little hurricane hole completely protected on all angles a great place to hang out while you're waiting for that perfect weather window and if you choose to leave at night like we did you can come right out this ocean Inlet and there's no traffic there's nothing to run into it's very easy to navigate it in the dark okay now we're gonna talk about our route remember that really nasty Gulf Stream that's gonna be pushing you north we're actually gonna make some plan changes to our route instead of going straight from Miami to Bimini we're gonna make use of the Gulf Stream and we're actually going to do that faster than flat-out just pointing east and going so let's get started we're gonna come out of noname Harbor which we know is here out through the inlet and let's start our route about here outside the inlet nice and safe and far from everything now we could be line it straight across to Bimini but we're not going to what we're actually gonna do is we're gonna go south to about here and that's usually about where the Gulf Stream starts you'll notice when it starts because you'll be doing hull speed six knots or what-have-you until you get to the Gulf Stream and then all of a sudden you'll be doing three knots or three and a half knots then you know you're in the Gulf Stream so once we get into the Gulf Stream what we're actually gonna do is we're gonna turn north and we're gonna ride that Gulf Stream up to the north and we went from six knots to eight or eight and a half knots for this whole stretch because the Gulf Stream was sort of at our back very very very fast you're a rocket ship across this part and when it starts to slow down you know that you're over here at the other end of the Gulf Stream and it's no longer pushing you so you turn the bow a little bit south and you go straight into the Bimini Harbor without any influence from the Gulf Stream anymore so you're actually making really good use of it I've actually exaggerated these points a little bit just to make my point but you'll had a little bit south rocket ship to the north and then a little bit self right into the mini so you're making use of the Gulf Stream you're in the Gulf Stream for less time because you're doing much more speed and you're running with it instead of against it now we picked our course we staged we waited for that perfect weather window and we've made our crossing if you want to watch us make the crossing click right here to watch that episode it's pretty good we do exactly what I just described and raid into Bimini but our next topic is what to do when you get to Bimini you gotta clear customs you got a whole bunch of stuff you have to consider so here is the self Bimini and North Bimini Islands and the harbor you're going to enter is right here now in our last episode you saw us coming around this red marker here you keep it to starboard but it really doesn't matter these charts are so accurate on Navionics right now that you just stay in the deep water and you'll be fine it's important to note that this green marker is not there anymore but it doesn't really matter you're all in ten or twelve feet of water the whole time we're gonna go up the channel and into the Bimini Harbor this is a very well protected Harbor you're not gonna get a lot of wind or waves or anything in here pretty sweet place to be there's a bunch of marinas on your left as you enter and we're gonna talk about those in a minute but I want to cover Anchorage's first after the big game Club which is this marina here there's actually an anchorage right on the left now it is downwind from the diesel power plant which is here so you are gonna get diesel smoke coming toward your boat whenever the trade winds are blowing from the north or east which they usually are it's also very shallow in here and it gets very poor reviews the only other Anchorage in this Harbor is up at the north end of the harbour a long way from the city a long way from everything but in here you can see this big man-made Harbor these rock walls are actually stone they're man-made there are no waves in this Harbor it's 15 feet deep it's a really great place to be if you got to ride out a blow you'll need a hard bottom fast dinghy if you want to get all the way back to town but it is kind of what it is the next thing I want to talk about are the marinas and let you know why you should stay in a marina instead of anchoring and I want to tell you about one marina specifically the Bimini blue water marina so we're gonna shoot back here and you can see we're actually here right now at the Bimini Blue Water marina here's our boat sitting in a slip so we actually have first-hand knowledge and we'll be able to give you a tour of the marina right when we're done talking now but this is why we stay at Bimini blue they have two docks they have lots and lots of depth lots and lots of slips they can accommodate catamarans and things like that they've got RO water they've got a grocery store nearby customs is down the street everything is within walking distance all for just a buck a foot so this marina is actually a steal considering where you are above the foot is amazing the first thing you'll notice when you step off your boat onto the dock at Bimini blue water marina are the excellent docks everything is very well taken care of the pilings are all new they have rubber guards on the boat side of the piling the cleats are all very new very well fastened and very secure [Music] next you'll find relatively new power pedestals with proper breakers 50 amp and 30 amp plugs and even metered water right at the dock of course the most important part is the gin clear blue water you can actually see the shadow of your boat cast across the sand at the bottom the only downside you'll be able to tell how dirty the bottom paint actually is walking down the main dock past the office you'll come to the on-site fuel pump this is diesel and gasoline and right now it's about four dollars and 80 cents a gallon for diesel in the middle we've got some bathrooms and showers and the main office where you will go to check in they will actually give you customs documents that you can fill out and bring to customs with you so that you're one step ahead of the game and if they rent golf carts for twenty bucks pretty sweet next up is the freshwater pool which is just amazing on the super hot days and the next building over is the last building in the entire complex and that is the good showers so if you stay here go to this one and use the back right corner shower it is the best the last stop on Marina property is the RO water treatment plant these guys actually turn salt sea water into fresh drinking water with a reverse osmosis system 25 cents a gallon and you can walk your jerrycans right over here and fill them up you leave the gated marina with 24-hour security you'll be turning right for the first time and you'll be headed for the customs office which is just a few minutes walk up the road here you'll find the closest grocery store to the Bluewater marina an easy 2-minute walk now I'm very well stocked what it does have the bare essentials and we arrive next door at the big game Club this is a major marina facility and the first door on the left is actually the customs office this is where you're gonna go and pay $300 to let your boat be in the Bahamas for a year they're gonna ask you if you have any guns or anything like that and then you'll be on your way it takes about an hour to get in and out when you leave the customs office and the big game Club you'll turn right and walk up the road another minute and look to your left for the big pink police and administration building where you have the actual immigration office to check yourself and whoever else is on your boat into the country if we turn left out of the marina we're on to one of the best traditions with staying at Bimini Bluewater marina and the thing you'll probably remember the most make sure you stop and grab a couple of cold calyx on the way it'll save you a couple bucks in a few minutes so that's left out of the marina grab a couple calyx and turn right at the first Street and walk up the hill for the most breathtaking thing you'll see while you're in Bimini make sure you stop here at CJ's for lunch some conch fritters and fries excellent stuff and then you can actually walk down and eat it on one of the most beautiful beaches in the world hey guys so that's it from us for episode 54 we are in Bimini right now we're headed back to Florida to restock resupply refit and repair just want to let you guys know I hit subscribe hit the like button that helps our videos show up more on YouTube and it sort of helps motivate us to keep going with the videos also lady Kay sailings completely brought to you by patreon ins that are a part of our they wanted to be in the video anyway patrons that are part of our team kay if you go to Lady Kay sailing calm for / team - Kay you can see what that's all about that helps us keep going and you know keeps the diesel in the tank in the beer in the fridge that said there's a thank you shout out and here's Candace thank you so much to our newest patron Rob this one's for you ya buddy we'll see you guys in a week for episode 55 holy moly we should be in Miami by then ciao hi guys

  Top Comments:
  1. @dgojanov [9 likes]: Probably the VERY BEST OVERVIEW HOW TO GET TO BAHAMAS AND WAYS AROUND!!!
  2. @ileanelee9963: Thanks
  3. @feralmale1517: I lived on AUTEC for about 5 years, great folks and gorgeous swimming,
  4. @TheBowen747: when they get a new president voted in and they drop their boat cruiser fees, im all happy in south florida.. i hear they lost a lot of boat traffic now...
  5. @harrycash8713: Got any price updates
  6. @Breezeoffshore: That was some really good information thanks!
  7. @Anymouse6457: Ka-LEEK not KA-lick.
  8. @michaelbandeko3519: Autopilot and GPS compensates for the drift now days :)
  9. @beardedbiker333: 300.00 a year? What if you only want to stay a couple of weeks?
  10. @alfred2453: sending on patreon when i arrive in bimini for sure
  11. @mahawadugeperera.999: how much cost is the Bahamas to Florida West
  12. @tonyzorc8488: Great video!
  13. @goldengoat1737: Wow there is so much I don’t know ! I need to crew for someone before I do this by myself!
  14. @jimminniehan2548: Thank YOU!!!  Easy to understand.
  15. @SeaWindandNaia: One of the best explanation video for this route. Well done and thank you. We will check out more  videos from the Bahamas from your channel.
  16. @seanhartman6496: Awesome video, thanks!
  17. @dgojanov: This should be a primer how to create videos to help to sailors.
  18. @GeronimoGonzalezggonzalezd: Thank you, very good video.
  19. @mamjack6134: I always wondered, when sailing to a new place how do you find marinas and fuel supplies ?
With modern electronics are the listed in the charts?
  20. @GoofyLifeAdventures: one of the most useful video's out there

- Secret tunnels, party boats and opium dens: Tahoe’s Thunderbird stories | Bartell's Backroads: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] It's probably the most eye-catching yacht on Lake Tahoe, and it was built to take passengers to a little known place called the Castle in the Sky. This is the Thunderbird Lodge. Part boat, part plane, this historic wooden yacht has been the symbol of high status living on Lake Tahoe since 1940. >> Boating on Lake Tahoe is a magical experience. Doing it on the Thunderbird brings that Great Gatsby experience to it and uh people are just over the moon to be on the boat. >> Celebrity and political figures like Frank Sinatra, Tony Bennett, John F. Kennedy and Gerald Boore have all graced the deck of the Thunderbird yacht, a vessel that takes an entire crew to maneuver and a literal aircraft engine to power. >> Said he designed this after his DC2 Douglas airplane. Call it the hybrid. She's half plane, half boat. >> The Thunderbird is a custom luxury yacht built for millionaire George Wattell Jr. and its main purpose was to shuttle him and his guests to the Thunderbird Lodge, an east edge Tahoe mansion dubbed the castle in the sky. >> George would tell in the early30s bought from the California Nevada border all the way to Zephr Cove. It's 27 miles of lakefront property. Nearly all of Whatell's 40,000 acre property has since been sold or parcled out, but a crew of historians with the nonprofit Thunderbird Lake Tahoe Preservation Society now maintains the lakeside estate and retells all the wild stories. So, we're going to go down a staircase. If you take a tour of the property, you'll learn about George Jr., the eclectic Bay Area millionaire who inherited his family's fortune. So, the family made the money and and old Georgie, he uh he just spent it. >> Yes. Yes. >> Like a kid with a blank check, George added extravagant luxuries to his Tahoe estate, including waterfalls, fine furniture, an animal sanctuary, hidden tunnels, and a private poker cabin to gamble with other wealthy men of the era. >> Howard Hughes had a home across uh Crystal Bay, and Howard Hughes came over to play the game so he could match George Battel's bankroll. The Thunderbird yacht was purchased by George, but he didn't use it that often. Eventually, he sold it to casino owner Bill Hera, who apparently did have some good times with it. >> This boat has always been uh from the stories, a party boat. There's been a lot of consumption, food, and alcohol on board the motor vessel Thunderbird. One boat party that got out of hand involved some kids playing with the boat's controls, >> and they actually crashed into a dock, damaging the dock and uh and the vessel. >> Wild stories surrounding the Thunderbird Lodge continued well after George's death. >> There's an opium den. >> When's it? >> Now, we don't know who used it or how they used it. We just know it was an opium den. And today, the Preservation Society is always unearthing new stories to tell its guests. Riding the historic Thunderbird at Lake Tahoe. I'm John Bartell. Hope to see you on the back roads.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TedKnecht [4 likes]: My family owned The Margus at lake Tahoe.
  2. @fubarsnafu4994 [3 likes]: Entire video is supposed to be about the boat. Do we ever get to see the boat? Did I hit the pay wall or something?
  3. @la897 [2 likes]: So no info on the boat? Horsepower, speed, capacity. Phenomenal reporting. My 8th grader could have produced a better video with more info.
  4. @FreedomAtRisk [2 likes]: The Thunderbird Lodge tours -- highly recommended
  5. @johnhoover3345 [1 likes]: We had a cabin at Meeks Bay from the 60's into the 80's. When I was a kid running around the bay with neighbor buddies, the Thunderbird would swing by and tie up on the old pier Meeks had at the time. It was always an event to run out there and marvel at it. I asked the skipper once to pull me skiing. He gave me a blank stare that still haunts me to this day. Lol
  6. @mach179 [1 likes]: If you want a thrill kayak by the Thunderbird Lodge.
  7. @cushcastle: I love that they have a Preservation Society to save the Historic Homes from the past ❤ Thank you! I love Bonanza and I’m glad you helped save it. 🏰 Preservation Societies Rock 🪨 🤘 😊
  8. @cushcastle: Wow this is hilarious and not surprising at all 😂🎉 🥂
  9. @aa-zf4yk: Rumour was in the 80s and 90s, a plane from Mexico flew in the coke once a week.
  10. @Christopherthomas123: Anyone know tour pricing? Website has ‘contact us.’
  11. @tube-vt4hl: hideous 430 PPM
  12. @MoveoverAndbark: I wish there were opium dens….
  13. @Need_a_trailboss: The people have the truth you push narrative

- LAKE TAHOE TRAVEL GUIDE: 7 Things to Know Before You Go: Kind: captions Language: en this is everything you need to know to go to Lake Tahoe all right let's go the first thing to know is just some general information about Lake Tahoe first I want to start with the lake itself and then we'll talk a little bit about the region so Lake Tahoe is the largest Alpine Lake in the USA it's famous for its Crystal Clear Blue Waters it's located right on the border between California and Nevada actually the Border runs right down the middle of it Lake Tahoe is 22 Mi long and 11 Mi wide it is also the the second deepest lake in the USA now the Lake Tahoe region itself gets about 3 million visitors annually and it has been named by US News and World Report the second best destination to visit in all of California in the summertime people come to Lake Tahoe to go out on the water to go hiking to go golfing to experience nature in the winter Lake Tahoe is a really popular skiing and snowboarding destination as there are over 20 ski resorts around the lake second thing to know is some information to help you get oriented to Lake Tahoe and by the way I'm going to be shooting each one of these scenes at a different part of Tahoe right now I'm at the top of Eagle Rock this is a really neat 15minute hike to get on top of this rock where you can get some of the best views of Lake Tahoe but the first thing you need to know about to help you get oriented is that Lake Tahoe the state line runs right down the middle of the river roughly onethird of the coastline is in Nevada and 2/3 of the coastline is in California but really it's not the states that divide it as much as it is north and south so the north part of Tahoe uh between the I80 and the shore is the more rustic outdoorsy Vibe part uh you'll find a lot of big ski resorts that are up here the South part of Lake Tahoe along the Southshore this is definitely the more developed more urban part of Tahoe you'll find all of the big casinos just on the Nevada state line by the way the town right there is actually called state line but related to this division you'll find when you're going around like if you go into tourist information centers you may pick up a map and it's only of North Lake Tahoe towns or of South Lake Tahoe towns because they really seem to run as two separate entities what's on the east and west side mostly outdoorsy Park Forest sort of stuff but if you're looking for nature then you're definitely going to find it on the East and West Shores now some of the major areas that you'll probably want to check out along the lake starting in the north side is is Incline Village Incline Village is located on the Eastern side of North Lake Tahoe and it features some of the most relaxing beaches and in the winter Diamond Peak ski area is a great familyfriendly ski resort next heading over to the West Kings Beach features kind of like a signature old downtown Vibe public beach hip shops and restaurants is right at the intersection of Highway 267 and 28 making it a perfect spot to start your Lake Tahoe Journey if you're coming in from the Interstate 80 now over in this area there are two big ski resorts North Star is one big all-encompassing ski resort the other one is in Olympic squa Valley this is where the Olympics were held in 1960 really the event that put like Lake Tahoe on the map for the world stage for winter sports uh and a big Resort over here is the everline resort that we'll talk more about in the hotel section now just south of Olympic Valley Tahoe City is the only Outlet of Lake Tahoe that's actually where I started the first part of this video and if you're looking for a place to pick up maps like that North Lake Tahoe map that I showed you the North Lake Tahoe Visitor Center is just right there on the trucky River where it meets the lake and then down in the south in addition to state line and the whole area that's just around that border the other place that you'll might want to head if you're hiking is called Emerald Bay it is definitely the most popular hike in the Lake Tahoe area though this one that I'm at right now Eagle Rock is pretty good too quick note if you are hiking because the elevation here is pretty high uh a hike that seems short might seem a lot longer if you're not used to the High Altitude hiking oh and if you're looking to ski or snowboard in South Lake Tahoe the biggest ski resort down there is Heavenly Valley in addition to ski and snowboarding the gondola Heavenly Valley operates in the summer as a sightseeing gondle to take you up the top of the mountain to see the views or do some hikes but it only operates on the summer on weekends another great Viewpoint if you don't want to do any hiking is off of Route 41 between Incline Village and Reno just a couple miles up the hill like amazing views of Lake Tahoe here you can see like the whole thing and Incline Village down below the third thing to know before you go is about how to get into Lake Tahoe and if you're flying in here the closest airport is going to be Reno Tahoe Airport in Reno Nevada it's about a 45 minute drive from that airport to get to the closest part of Lake Tahoe the northern part it's not a really big airport so there's not a ton of airlines that go in there but if you can that's the closest place to go Southwest Airline tend to be some of the big ones that go there coming in from Las Vegas is the biggest route coming into that airport that's how I got in here and then how do you get from there into Lake Tahoe you can either pick up a rental car or there are some shuttle companies that offer shuttle service from the airport into the Lake Tahoe area the second closest airport is Sacramento International Airport that's a bigger airport so you'll find more flights that go into there it is about a 2hour drive from Sacramento into Lake Tahoe the next close airport is going to be the airports around San Francisco Bay so San Francisco International Oakland and San Jose it is about a 3 and 1/2 hour drive from the San Francisco Bay area and if you're coming in from Los Angeles or Los Vegas expect the drive to take about 8 hours many people also tend to connect Lake Tahoe with a trip to yosity National Park the drive between the two is about 5 hours now if you're coming to Lake Tahoe in the winter there are some special Provisions you'll need to know about driving because if it's snowed recently or it's currently snowing in a snowstorm you're going to need snow chains on your tires in order to drive into to and around Lake Tahoe if you want to know more about driving in the winter or driving in the snow I have a whole video about driving in the winter in the Lake Tahoe all about chain how do you do them when do you need them uh I'll put a little card up here and a link in the description and at the end of this video so you can check that out if winter is your plan to visit because if you're coming in the summer then you really don't care the fourth thing to know is about getting around and most people get around Lake Tahoe by driving around there is one road that'll take you all around Lake Tahoe and I mean it changes names and numbers a few different times but for all intensive purposes if you just stay in the right lane and keep going counterclockwise you will drive a circle around the lake if you were just to drive it non-stop it would take you about 3 hours to go around the whole thing I did say it was a pretty big lake right it is pretty big now if you're coming in the summer you can expect that drive to take even longer cuz it's is a popular place there's going to be traffic when they do construction cuz it's only one lane on either side they've got to close one lane off so plan to spend more time if you're doing a lap around the lake I would plan for a whole day honestly and just kind of stop whenever I see a cool thing by the way where am I right now this is the Taho Vista Recreation Area Little Sandy Beach back there there's a boat launch this is a great place to take a selfie with the lake have a seat uh and even use the public restroom if you need one now if you're going to be doing any hiking I would try to get to your hikes by 10:00 in the morning because the parking lots are very small and they do fill up also do be prepared to pay for parking in many areas most of the hiking parking lots do cost some money to park in the resorts charge exorbitant fees uh so do be aware like if you're going to a resort for dinner or something and you're not staying there check to see if they validate parking somehow with the restaurant because otherwise you might be pigged through the nose hourly to park at the major Resorts around here it's also worth noting that in nighttime there are pretty much no street lights on the streets around here they like to be able to see the nighttime guy and so if driving in kind of total darkness is worrisome to you you might want to try to get to destination before the sun goes down and you'll probably also want to gas up before you get to Lake Tahoe I found gas prices up here to be 15 to 20% more than off the mountain now you might find that in some parts of the drive your cell phone won't have any reception and in that case Google Maps or Apple Maps is not very useful to you unless you've downloaded the offline maps so do download the offline maps before you come so that it can work if you spotty cell phone coverage and it's probably worthwhile carrying a paper map with you as well that you can pick up from one of those tourist information places now another good option to driving is actually cycling there are 50 m of dedicated cycling paths around Lake Tahoe and when I say dedicated I don't mean like they're just part of the road and you ride next to the cars I mean they're completely separate off the road bike lanes and many of them just run right next to the lake beautiful views good way to get around you'll find uh plenty of bike rental plac is scattered all around the lake and surprisingly there actually are some decent public transportation options in Lake Tahoe uh particularly in the north you can take Tahoe Area Regional Transit this is a free bus service that'll take you basically from Incline Village to trucky and then down the South to Meeks Bay connecting to some of the Olympic Valley stuff The Hub of it is the Tahoe City Transit Center right here and also the trucky Mobility Hub over around the Amtrak station and speaking of the Amtrak yes you can actually take the train into Lake Tahoe well into trucky at least where the Amtrak station is on the California zepher line it makes one stop daily in each Direction at the trucky Amtrak station oh and if you're driving around here you should know they definitely love their traffic circles in the Tahoe area if you're not familiar with driving in traffic circles or roundabouts uh the way that they go is you yield to everybody else that's in the circle so if you get to the circle and there's somebody else driving driving around you wait until they're done driving around and then you go in in theory everybody else waits for you it's not a bad idea to slow down when you get up to those other cars but don't stop cuz that might confuse them that you want them to go you don't stop in the in the traffic circle in the traffic circle you keep going you got the right away and you just get out when you're ready or if you don't know where to go just uh just make a few laps in the traffic circle traffic circles roundabouts are also a great way to make a easy legal U-turn the fifth thing to know is about the weather and when to go and a great part about Lake Tahoe is that it is often Sunny there are on average 278 sunny days per year so yes even sunny when you're hitting the ski slopes so let's talk about skiing ski season in Lake Tahoe usually starts in mid November and goes through about mid April I am actually here right now on May 1st there is still snow on the mountains and some of the ski resorts are still open there are 20 ski resorts in total and so you can pick the one that you want to go to but in that winter season from November through about February uh the daytime highs range in about the 30s the nighttime lows are generally in the teens the busiest time of year to come the summer June July August where the daytime Highs are in the high 7s the nighttime lows still cold often in the ' 50s or the 40s so coming in summer you're still even if you're shorts and t-shirt in the day you're going to want to bring some long sleeves and some long pants due to the high Alpine altitude here the night times tend to get very cold all year round now the best seasons to come if you want to avoid the crowds and get the cheapest hotel rates are going to be uh April and May and then October and November why do I say that like hotel rates and we're going to talk about that coming up in the hotel section A little bit more but they can easily be uh four times the price that they are in the shoulder season or the shoulder season can be you know 75% off the reason why is because if you are here in April or May or October and November you can't be too sure exactly what activi is going to be open is there going to be snow is there not going to be snow are the trails going to open are they not going to be open but uh if you're okay with a little bit of a roll of dice and let me see what my vacation is save some money by coming in those shoulder times you should also know being in the mountains it can get really quite windy here and so even though it's like 70° and sunny right now I feel like the wind chill is adding probably another -20 so take that into account when you're deciding whether you need sleeves or not sixth thing to know is about where to stay and the good news is that there are tons of hotels in the Lake Tahoe region from every personal preference whether you want something that's just a small cabin to something that's a high-end luxurious Mega Resort so on the note of high-end luxurious Mega Resorts the one I'm standing at right now is the everline resort this one used to be the Valley Resort but was rebranded in the past year it's now a Hyatt affiliate like a property like this has everything you could want uh a whole bunch of restaurants swimming pools it has its own chairlift to go up the mountain in the summer it has its own big Golf Course lots of swimming pools and if their uh actual skis are closed cuz they are right now when I'm here in May 1st their skis aren't closed the chair lifts are closed uh they provide shuttle service to other ski lifts in the area some other luxurious Resorts that I've enjoyed staying at the Hyatt and Incline Village is where we stayed uh when OC girl and I were here last time that's another great everything Resort that one is right on Lake Tahoe uh and they were really nice we didn't really know how to put the snow chains on our car but the staff at the hotel in the winter when it was snowing they put the snow chains on our car so that's pretty nice uh also nearby in that same area the Ritz Carlton Lake Tahoe is a great luxury resort as well now where I'm staying on this trip actually to save a little bit of money is at the Spring Hill suit in trucky trucky is about 12 mi from Lake Tahoe itself and you get some cheaper hotels over there Spring Hill Suite right now is running about a third of the price of the everline resort uh and I could use some Marriot points actually to stay over there I'll have a full review of that Spring Hill Suites if you want to check it out and if you're looking for one of lug Tahoe's big Casino Resorts you're going to find all of those down in South Lake Tahoe on the Nevada side remember no gambling in California gambling in Nevada so on the south side of Lake Tahoe just on the Nevada side of it you'll find harz B these big casino hotels that have everything that you would expect from a great Nevada style Casino oh now you might also be asking yourself Chris why are you at the everline resort if you're not staying there turns out I was actually here for a conference the California state parks trails and Greenways conference talking on a panel about tech infused trails in particular doing audio guides for Trails uh one of the audio guides we did for this conference was actually an audio tour of this Resort showing the people who are at this conference what the cool things they could see around this place are uh and uh so that's why I'm here so while I didn't stay here I did talk to a lot of people who did and they all really enjoyed it the seven thing to know is about food and food in Lake Tahoe can be pretty expensive particularly if you're eating at the resort areas now if you want something a little bit cheaper the good news is there's a lot of restaurants outside of the resorts and there's a lot of restaurants that have great views uh tons of restaurants situated right on the lake with lake views or for even cheaper and to get off the beaten tourist path a little bit consider a restaurant with a river view this is the trucky river right here I am at Front Street Station Pizza these gigantic slices of pizza were $5.50 each $3 for the drink 14 bucks right here overall a pretty decent pizza but with an even more amazing view oh you'll find the tap water here the water that comes out of the faucet to be really good it's some of the best in the USA you don't need to buy bottled water here but uh but whereare the water fountains generally don't work in the winter they turn them off cuz the pipes freeze and the last thing to know is that I've got even more videos on the area if you're considering a day trip to Reno you might want to watch my Reno guide as soon as it's out I'll put it right here you might want to know about driving in the winter what the Spring Hill Suite in trucky looks like or some of my other videos from the San Francisco Bay area which which is just 3 hours away well fellow explorers as usual I won't say goodbye cuz I'll see you in the next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @YellowProductions [7 likes]: ✅ You might enjoy watching my travel guide on Reno, Nevada: https://youtu.be/6nf8EJngXGc
✅ Or how to drive in the winter: https://youtu.be/HnXy77D4Uwk
✅ Or more of my travel guides on nearby San Francisco: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLOVadUHX1B-Ld9Pj94hS8laRJW50pS9ZJ
  2. @nikkix3993 [1 likes]: A wonderful, upbeat, very informative video. I would love to drive around that entire Lake, and bike partially. And hike. Lovely video!! 😊👍
  3. @OGkush69x [1 likes]: Ive seen many lake tahoe videos and none were as good as this one. Found this channel when looking at vegas reviews. Love all the actual useful details and tips thank you 💯
  4. @alynettegsu [1 likes]: Wow, this is a great video, with useful info!
  5. @schwaggybammer968 [1 likes]: 1:22 right down the middle of the river!?!?  What TF!?
  6. @philweaver5943: Plz stop luring ppl to our area,,,the crowds are big enough,,,
  7. @manifeststation5354: Lived in my van in South Lake Tahoe for a few years there and North San Juan very beautiful area probably my favorite part of California. It feels the closest to my home town in Tennessee. The people here aren't as rude/disrespect/overall shitty as the folks in The Bay Area
  8. @DamienStanley-i3u: What time tomorrow morning
  9. @DamienStanley-i3u: Morris Jenkins storm you hoe ten 40 million
  10. @DamienStanley-i3u: What happened
  11. @albertvalentincic9928: What about Edgewood Tahoe resort?
  12. @re8746: Do not go to Lake Tahoe when the kids in CA are out of school.    The traffic around LT during the summertime can be maddening.
  13. @Clankaverse: Winter tahoe is a big prepare for it. Donners will close down on the slightest bit of weather, you absolutely need to be prepared for it. It usually clears up quickly but some nights can be very rough
  14. @azbrown821: Besides the video Nice G-Shock
  15. @Janine-q3b8t: Maggie and Seth city of Angels Tahoe where the movie was mad library California Tahoe
  16. @bingram5645: Fredo Corleone is in Lake Tahoe!
  17. @Tahoe2Time: You said the state line runs down the middle of the river, we call it a creek
  18. @toyac9731: THANK YOU.. Your info given is extremely detailed and helpful.
  19. @abnormalusername: Great starting video for planning a trip! Thanks!
  20. @FullsendLLC: So I need chains if I go on Xmas day with travel trailer?

- DeepFlight in Lake Tahoe: underwater cliffs exploration with GoPro: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] m oh

  Top Comments:
  1. @kennethramey170 [154 likes]: Where are all the fish?
  2. @cancatssurf [70 likes]: no frozen dead bodies? lol
  3. @felix290492 [62 likes]: this is magnificent! such a lucky guy for being able to do this
  4. @christopherlee4809 [58 likes]: where are the fish
  5. @andylannister5071 [49 likes]: So, where are the dead bodies?
  6. @NevadaWPFan [24 likes]: This is incredibly beautiful. I am wondering if you offer tours.
  7. @DarkDays167 [24 likes]: I heard there's lots of dead bodies all the way at the bottom of the lake cause people used to dump them on the lake
  8. @bcnelson8166 [23 likes]: Sweet elevator music!! !
  9. @artyfarty3 [19 likes]: Oh , never mind  , I found another video that answers my previous question  , and it's $1.7  million    ....   well  , thus blows another one of my possible Christmas present dreams  "out of the water"  (lol , no pun intended )  ...   ;)
  10. @MyCatInABox [18 likes]: Wow...THAT would be an awesome trip. It looks so peaceful down there...
Music goes well with it, too.
  11. @norcal06warrior [12 likes]: How deep can it go?
  12. @SandShrewdGaming [12 likes]: This is cool please do more of these videos.
  13. @SamoanLeatherNeck [5 likes]: awsome! i would like to know on how i could get a ride one day!
  14. @InterestingTed [1 likes]: This is awesome
  15. @artyfarty3 [1 likes]: kewl sub   :)   I wonder how much it costs to buy   ...   would be a grate fun to drive (operate)  i'll bet   :)
  16. @justincook3: Hi Richard, are you an underwater camera operator? Or was this just a fun project using GoPro's? Please let me know! Thanks
  17. @Penguinsrock124: Wow!
  18. @peterj754: Thanks for sharing...

- 2023 Annapolis Sailboat Show - Pro Tips for Surviving.: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hi it's Wy sharp with catamaran Central and it's early October which means one thing time for cataman Central to pack up head to Annapolis for the US sailboat show affectionally referred to as the Annapolis boat show this is going to be our third year attending as catamaran Central and um we love it I've been going to this show for over 15 years I've got a link in the description as well as one that's going to pop up right about here with a couple of Insider tips that uh that I think are worth checking out if you're planning on attending the show but we're going to be with our friends from and Beyond yach Charters hanging out at Booth d05 d06 which is right next to Fleet Reserve Club overlooking uh what's known as Ego Alley so definitely come by see us we've got some really really cool swag that uh we'd love to give you guys we'd love to talk about not just buying a cataman but also chartering a cataman or your existing cataman so if you're planning on coming to the Annapolis Ro show definitely shoot us an email leave a comment down below and I can't wait to see you all this coming week thanks and have a good day

  Top Comments:
  1. @neilmellberg3094 [3 likes]: We’ll be there Thursday and Friday. 1st timers
  2. @bill2292 [3 likes]: Best tip to survive the show: Avoid painkillers at Pusser's!
  3. @nothingtoseaheardammit [2 likes]: Gonna make a lot of "friends" in Annapolis wearing those t-shirts :P
  4. @chrismiller4704 [1 likes]: Will be there Thursday and Friday to see the Moon 60 and some equipment. See you out there.
  5. @Goathead85 [1 likes]: Whiley, give me your favorite restaurants in Annapolis please!  Need to make reservations now before we get there!!  Appreciate it sir.
  6. @HeidiandFranny [1 likes]: We will stop by.
  7. @jollygoodpubs8624: First time over looking forward to meeting y’all!

- Boat driving tips for the new boater & Trip to Annapolis in our old boat!: Kind: captions Language: en so you've bought your first boat congratulations of course the first thing you want to do is take it out hi i'm wayne the boat guy and i want to talk to you about your first few trips out on your boat as a new boater [Music] so this is it it's your big day you're finally getting to take your very own boat out for the first time ever your boat is registered you've passed a safety course you've watched some youtube videos maybe you've even watched some of my youtube videos like how to drive a boat and now you're finally taking your boat out on its maiden voyage but wait are you really prepared for your first time out on the water chances are you're not completely ready but that's okay i'll walk you through this so that you'll be much better prepared and keep watching because later on in this video i'll share my first long boat trip down to annapolis so let's start by assuming that you're ready with all of your pre-trip preparations you have all of your safety gear your boat engine has been checked out and is fueled up you've got water you've got sunblock hats and stuff and your drain plug is definitely in your boat the most difficult place to operate your boat is at the marina or boat ramp currents tides breezes all those dang obstacles that you have to try to avoid banging into but once you get past there what else is there to know you see all these other people just cruising away in their boats it looks very easy but they've probably done this before maybe hundreds of times before we all think we can just zoom off in a boat but we wouldn't try that with a hand glider so what's a good plan when i bought my first boat a friend gave me some really good advice they told me to just do really short trips at slow speeds my first few times out and avoid water that's less than three feet deep like literally just go out for a 15-minute ride and then come back so that's exactly what i did i found a depth chart of the area i was going to be boating i plotted a rough idea of where i would go and what landmarks and markers i would use to help me i allowed for a little time to learn the controls and get a feel for how the boat operated and then i headed back now that might sound super lame and if you just plan to hang out on the lake all day in your new this might not completely apply to you but stick with me here i realized with that trip out that not only did i have some difficulty leaving the marina i got a bit confused recognizing right of way with other boaters and i learned that if i let go of the wheel the boat wouldn't even attempt to stay heading straight and coming back into the marina was even harder i took a similar approach to the way i did my first trip for my next several trips each time i might go out for a little longer or a little farther away i learned about the draft of my boat and how sometimes the charts can be misleading because of tides and shifting sands finding something like a submerged piling can severely damage your boat or your engine and suddenly put you in a situation where you have to remember how to signal for help on one of these early trips i shut my boat off just to relax a little bit float and drift i learned two huge things that day first i found out that my old two-stroke motor would flood if you started it incorrectly second i found out i knew nothing about how to drop an anchor so there i was cranking on my engine the wrong way smelling the gas fumes and drifting towards waters that i did not want to be boating in luckily i did end up getting it started and i got out of there and it wasn't a disaster but i realized that day that i still had an awful lot to learn before i should be venturing out very far with my boat so the reason to take short trips and stay close to the marina is to get more comfortable with operating your boat after about a dozen trips i actually was much better at every aspect of operating my boat i certainly wasn't good at some things yet but i was better at many things and much more comfortable with the process i've often said it's like when you first learned to drive a car you didn't take a two-hour trip into the city and drive over toll bridges on your first time out in your car and you should treat learning to drive a boat the same way short trips and build on your knowledge slowly i eventually mastered the technique to start and restart my engine under any conditions i learned how to trim my engine get my boat on plane how to cross the wake from a bigger boat without scaring my passengers basically i became a lot more experienced but if i had just headed out to some far-off destination on my very first trip out it could have easily ended in disaster especially if i was to naively assume that driving a boat is easy and no different than driving a car because i was cautious and took baby steps and also because i had a very old boat it was a few months before i was ready to take a longer trip but by the time i did that i was well prepared for that trip and it went perfectly because i was more and prepared earlier in this video i said i would share my first long boat trip my definition of a long boat trip in a power boat is one where you need to refuel to complete the trip so of course if you have like a hundred gallon tank you can go pretty far away before you need to refuel but my little boat only had two portable six gallon tanks so i wasn't going too far away from my first trip and now here's some footage of my first long boat trip down to annapolis hi i'm wayne the boat guy and today i'm doing a big adventure i'm taking my boat down to annapolis i know to some people who are experienced boaters like big whoop but to somebody like me this is the longest trip i've ever taken in this old boat going to be anywhere for an hour and a half to two hour ride i'm not doing it by myself i have jinji videos here with me and he is going to be my co-pilot my navigator and uh somebody to hang out with and chat along the way we think it'll take us about an hour and a half to two hours to get there hopefully we have enough fuel and supplies to get us down there we only have enough fuel i think to get us to annapolis obviously i'm bringing extra just in case but from whenever i measured it out i'm thinking i'm going to need like maybe 10 gallons or so to get to annapolis and i have about 15 on board so we should be good to go but we do not have enough for the round trip if it takes us 10 gallons to get to annapolis so we'll shoot a little bit of video along the way obviously you don't need to see us just riding around in the boat so let's say we get this ship underway shall we in my old 19-foot boat i had two 6-gallon fuel tanks and i learned to make sure that my reserve tank had more fuel than my primary tank so before this trip i had never ventured farther away than what my primary tank would take me if i were out riding around for the day when tank number one got low on fuel i would switch out to tank number two and then we would head back by the time we took this trip i knew how to switch my tanks and rough waters and how to get my boat restarted quickly i had things like a towing policy on my i knew how to use my vhf radio and i had practiced with my anchor a couple times as i was planning the trip knowing all of these things seemed essential to us being able to successfully make it down to annapolis and back so now we're in the six mile an hour zone coming out of the magathy river into the bay water is really smooth today it's a good day to be out here it's hot though can't wait till we get out of the six mile an hour zone because uh get some cool air blowing on us again a couple of crabbing people are out here some crabbing boats a lot of crab traps set don't know if it's a good year for crabs or not i've heard mixed reviews so far so we'll just put a log in the channel here and we're going to be out in the bay next thing you know we'll be at the bay bridge when you're shooting vertical instagrammer i do both i'm shooting it too so the reason why uh gearheads hate uh vertical video is the reason why it's being successful all right gearheads all right everyone assumes that i hate it because i shoot video so they are all video guys i'm like no i think it's cool because it poses a new challenge yeah you have to think differently about the kind of stuff that you're making yeah i mean yeah before this trip we had been down as far as the bay bridge a couple of times but it was as far away from home as we had ventured with our okay 714 feet of water sometimes it acts up made it through yep so the weather has been perfect uh the bay's been perfect it's very smooth out here today i mean it's not like glass but as you can see it's pretty smooth and right now we're getting ready to pass the uh three three tower antennas here uh annapolis coming into annapolis harbor and uh we're still on our first tank of fuel our first six gallons and we're not even too far below half so we're actually looking pretty good fuel wise we're making good time we're about 45 minutes into the trip and we haven't even used a tank of fuel yet so feeling good about this the story of these towers apparently they used to be used a long time ago for communications and they haven't been in service for many years supposedly they've been decommissioned a long time ago but nobody wants them to be gone because everybody likes those towers they're a nice landmark when you're coming into annapolis you can see them from way out in the bay you can actually even see them from our river so they're kind of a landmark thing and it's funny because i'm sure when they built them everybody thought they were an eyesore and there's people probably still think they're an eyesore but other people who like look at them and go that's that's that's my hometown right there it's just funny how people look at those things differently i'm heading straight for that red marker but i got these crab pots here so i'm kind of trying to ride around them that's our uh red margarita yup i'm turning it forward because i can see the other red marker down here and i see the green marker four feet of water by the way how many four four wow no wonder the marker's there see i'd love to be able to use my depth binder to see exactly how many feet of water we're in but oh it's saying 8.7 so it's actually might be working now because remember your map errors on the side of conservative you know yeah so this is actually getting readings right now so and i'm going 8.9 miles an hour so i need to slow it down a little bit because we're coming up on speed limit markers that's what these white posts are up here see now i've kind of brought us into the channel we're probably in deeper water now right are we in deeper water now yeah we're fine yep because now i'm in the see the next red marker right down see here's our speed limit thing and see that red thing down there orangey red yep that's our next marker because there's the green marker over here so that red marker should be 24 feet yep and you're good depth flies you got a lot of space oh yeah i know we're in probably 20 feet of water right yeah look at these waves though these are wild that's because this is where the seven river meets up makes it a little bit lumpy it must have been somebody else coming by making a wake too because i don't know what that was from whoo that was some lovely love bumps well here we are we're in downtown parked right here in ego alley yep i put my old boat right here in eco alley and uh we stopped off and got some fuel before we came in over the annapolis harbor marina and found out i used four gallons of fuel to get down here which was great we were averaging about how many knots were we averaging when you checked was it like 10 10 knots 12 knots yeah we were probably going about 15 miles an hour most of the time uh coming here um but everything went perfectly we we we found our way here we we fueled up like like a champ i wish i had footage of that because it literally looked like i knew what i was doing and then we came down ego alley and as i was getting ready to figure out how to pull up here the uh the dock master came on out met us explained to us how it works told us where to tie off see we are all tied off right here in b12 this is our parking space right now look we got some ducks some ducks have come up to see us hi ducks see they're they're okay with us being parked here they're like yeah your old boat can park here we're good we're gonna hang out down here in annapolis for a little bit grab a bite grab a drink and uh then we're gonna head on back home again so it was a very successful trip right i'd say so yeah made it fueled up parked and andrew did a great job being my navigator kept me off any sand bars so both slightly bigger and nicer than mine pass it in front of it it's great you get a lot of reveal here but i have rocking chairs the trip was a great success and went without a hitch and i think much of that was due to the fact that i over prepared for the trip sometimes i look back and i think that maybe i was a little bit too cautious and waited too long to take my boat on a trip that far and then someone will tell me how they can't believe i took that really old 19-foot boat down to annapolis so whether i was too cautious or foolishly extremely lucky i had more than one successful trip to annapolis in that boat and while you can never prepare for every situation every little bit of preparation you are able to do can be the difference between getting home safely and a very bad day well heading back down our river now finished our uh trip back and forth to annapolis our ride back was um a little bumpier than our ride going out uh we definitely hit some uh more turbulent water just south of the bay bridge it was kind of hard finding some calmer waters and uh this little 19-foot boat isn't any match for uh when when the bay gets a little bit churny and uh but we didn't take any water on and uh we didn't have any catastrophes it just was a little challenging a little rougher than we would have liked it to been but we made it all right right you got to roll with the punches make sure you adjust your speed direction you're going to make sure you kind of go with the waves but expect it to be bumpy i guess gingy has lots of years of piloting boats so don't listen to anything that i said it sounded good though it sounded very good yeah yeah but uh anyway um but we we found out that we could do it we found out that it really wasn't that hard to work out uh all the details uh were very we found out it was very doable uh we did a little bit of a homework before we left we asked people questions along the way and uh we utilized a lot of our resources and that really helped it was uh it was a good day and we really didn't burn a whole lot of fuel which was awesome and it didn't take us as long to get there or back as we thought it would so that was awesome too so i hope you enjoyed this video and i hope this video might inspire you to take a few more chances and go a little do a few things that might be out of your comfort zone of course taking the necessary precautions don't be silly so as you start out boating be sure to take baby steps just take some short trips out try things out learn how your boat operates get comfortable with the controls and the settings and various other types of things with your boat because you're going to make mistakes we all do and there's going to be things you forgot ideally it's nice to have a better ratio of things that you have for and know how to do than things that you haven't learned or forgot to do thanks for watching please be sure to like comment subscribe i really appreciate it and it'll help me to make more videos have a good day you

  Top Comments:
  1. @steveinla8963 [4 likes]: My buddy bought me a book: "Getting Started in Power Boating" by Armstrong.  What a great book!  I learned more from that book than on my own, or from the coast guard class.  Anchoring?  Don't shut off your engine until your anchor is set, and start your engine before you pull up the anchor.  Both will help you stay off the rocks,  or keep you from drifting into other boats.  Good luck new boaters.  Cheers!
  2. @kennethpaquin8574 [4 likes]: Tip: The transducer for depth/fish finders often do not work at high speed. I think it has to do with the disturbed water flow.
  3. @WayneTheBoatGuy [2 likes]: Sorry to my metric friends - I forgot to do all my metric conversions for this video!
  4. @gilrheaume6283 [1 likes]: Hello Wayne, my wife and I are in our 70s and will be buying a small boat in the Spring but not as old as your first one. I don't have the time to install all the equipment that you did on the first one. I will pay attention to what you have told us and should be safe on the water. Your videos are like a classroom and will listen to the teacher. Thank you Wayne and if we ever need any advice hopefully you'll still be in town. Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year. Gil in Massachusetts
  5. @twinrock23 [1 likes]: This is a well throughout and inspiring video for a new boater! Thanks for sharing-your channel is AWESOME!!!
  6. @georgefoster6380 [1 likes]: Hey Wayne it looks like we are using the same marina on the Magothy that you are or did. Not knowing if you are still there but maybe we will see you next season at Atlantic Marina. This was our first season there with our new Robalo 227 and we are still learning the waters. Thanks for the video.
  7. @jamesbumbry8358 [1 likes]: Thanks for your videos, the waters remind me of going out with my father in the 1960's early 1970's fishing in the Cheasapeake Bay, I live in California now and thinking about getting my first boat. No experience except riding in a 12 foot boat rental somewhere in Maryland fishing in those waters, but I remember the Bay Bridge watching it from 7, 8, or 9 years old. I think in those days they were building a second span to the Bay Bridge. If u get a chance could u take a trip to the Potomac River Bridge that divides the State of Maryland from Virginia. If I remember right it's great fishing we caught Perch, Spot, Blue, and Rock fish, maybe in California they call it stripped bass, also there was a multicolored fish like a rainbow, I don't remember the name, but it was a lot of fun catching fish in Maryland and Virginia waters with my dad. It was nothing for my father and I to catch over 100+ fish in one outing in the 1960's in a 12 foot boat with a small hand held motor on the back..
  8. @Bible.Verse.Acts17.30: :hand-pink-waving::hand-pink-waving::hand-pink-waving:
  9. @rafaelribeiro4849: One of the best boating instructor.
  10. @NaturallyMeeee: I have an 18 footer as well, a bowrider though.  We are in the bowlers quarter area, and are new boaters. Whenever we try to go out in the bay, we get rocked around alot, is the bay mostly always choppy?
  11. @yadrielh6422: Don't tow your boat with the motor lifted up like that.
  12. @BurchellAtTheWharf: 13:40 they make a landmark, and if they light up at night, they help with navigation via the coastal constellation
  13. @BurchellAtTheWharf: 700' of water that's like 112fathom, nearly a1/4 mile
  14. @BurchellAtTheWharf: 9:48 gps?? I'm impressed 👍
  15. @BurchellAtTheWharf: 7:55 that sounds ideal
  16. @BurchellAtTheWharf: 7:10
Another word of advice.
One should have enough fuel reserves to make the planned trip twice...as a commercial fisher, the. Dot recommence enough fuel to go out come back twice, but I do also try to apply this in pleasure boating aswell
  17. @BurchellAtTheWharf: 3:45
My tip is, when your out an aboat, never turn the motor off because it may become difficult to restart or it might not start... And if one does shutdown the engine, one must be ready with an anchor ⚓
  18. @rondumb6055: I’m here on the shore and just about to purchase my first boat I’m curious if your from Maryland and know of some good spots into some bigger waters but the dock is kind of dead
  19. @thedevilinthecircuit: @10:29 How to Safely Boat Downhill!  My last trip under the Bay Bridge was a few months back when a pal asked me to co-pilot his boat from the Magothy to the South River to a yacht broker for a consignment sale.  Weather and water conditions were identical to your trip.  It was a fun excursion because he and his wife had strategically placed his truck at the broker's lot earlier that day.  Annapolis is a beautiful little city.
  20. @lillyagrawal2086: Hello Wayne, your videos are very informative. I am waiting on my boat ,and was getting more information . Will you please do ace dip on how to take a boat out of a lift and how to dock in a lift.
Thanks

- Sailboat Purchase Guide - Episode 202 - Lady K Sailing: Kind: captions Language: en this episode is brought to you by Earl Steven T Geno Jim and Cheryl hi guys Frank and Rick this week's news patrons hey guys we are fresh back from Annapolis and I've got a little bit of bad news for you if you clicked on this video because you want to see the passport 42 it was sort of Click bait because a passport isn't even in this video he betrayed and murdered your father sort of this week the story behind the Hans Christian that we not only got to sleep on but I also got the captain around the Chesapeake and a comparison to another sailboat we got to spend some time on which is sort of a passport 42 but actually a Slocum 43 and the ins and outs of buying a sailboat this week on everything you need to know the sailboat purchase checklist [Music] started planning this trip to Annapolis we had some options and I say we because I brought my 16 year old son with me for the adventure now we could have flown in like most people do stayed in a hotel and gone to the show as an actual YouTube channel which I've never done and we could have hung out in the YouTube tent and sort of meeted and greeted people as efficiently as possible or we could make the nine hour drive through multiple States letting my 16 year old who's never been to the U.S and just got his learner's permit flexed some of his driving muscles through the mountains at 70 miles an hour in the rain if you've been to Pennsylvania and you know what I'm talking about and instead of a hotel we could try to find a boat to stay on something interesting right in the heart of the action and instead of the YouTube tent we could just wander around aimlessly to see what happens see what sort of Adventures that we could find in the Hallowed Ground of sailing that is Annapolis Maryland now I think you know which way we went luckily an amazing YouTube viewer an all-around amazing guy Todd reached out early on to offer up his gorgeous absolutely wonderful Hans Christian Christina 43 as sort of a hotel room and a base camp for us and immediately after speaking with Todd Rob and Elizabeth reached out to help too more on them later so many of you guys reached out in fact that I want to apologize right out of the gate here we just didn't have time to meet everybody and it was insane trying to organize everyone with the messages coming in from so many different channels like YouTube and Instagram Facebook patreon Discord and in my personal email my little sailor brain just couldn't keep up next time I'll have to find out a better system but as promised I did get a chance to shoot a quick boat tour of the Hands Christian so you can see the inside now mind you this was after a very large get-together after one of the days we went to the show so it's kind of a mess bear with me hey guys I want to talk to you about this boat this is the Hans Christian 43 and I want to talk to you about this boat because uh I'm on one this is a Hans Christian 43 a lot of you guys uh we're asking for a boat tour of it we're here in Annapolis we're actually in Pasadena let me take you outside this is a marina in Pasadena which is about 15 miles north of Annapolis um oh it feels good to be on the Chesapeake again this boat is absolutely gorgeous and I know a lot of you guys wanted a boat tour so um it's a mess right now because it's being very lived in by my son and I and we had sort of a get together last night after uh on Friday night after we went to Pussers a whole bunch of people came back to the boat with us so this is my room we have sort of an aft cabin with a door and I get air conditioning and Heat which is super cool and I get sort of the aft cabin berth we got a bunch of clothes piled up and there's a little table in here and opposite my my little stateroom is the head so this is the AFT head and this is the smaller head um we get a bathtub that has my son's backpack in it electric toilet which is like witchcraft electric toilet wow um the whole boat is full of like really nice faucets and hardware and stuff uh and then the galley very nice very nice it's all a big mess again it's very lived in right now um we got a fridge down here there's a freezer under there um I'm not even sure what this is oh it's access to the fridge from the top so you get top access and front access to the fridge look at this Hardware like isn't this beautiful uh and then in the middle of course we have a sort of dinette area we have a diesel heater um we're plugged into the to the dock right now so we actually have electric heat and electric air conditioning and I do have the heat on right now it's a little bit cool outside um and then forward of this uh we have some money uh and then we have sort of the master stateroom so as you come in we got compression posts for the Mast it's not heel stepped um so as you come in there's more heat blowing out of there as you come in you can actually close the door for this uh and have this as just sort of your master cabin um so you get the Pullman berth that I know a lot of you guys like the Pullman birth um I think I'd rather have the Centerline Queen uh but anyway a lot of you guys like the Pullman so you get the Pullman berth and then you get the forward head uh which we tried yesterday uh maybe I can post a picture here um and we've had a lot of people in here um so the toilet hides under right there again electric flash um there's another battery in here um you have all your buttons you have 120 up here should you need it there's like a holding tank pump out really cool really super cool and the anchor Locker for the chain Locker this boat has like an 80 something pound Rock now on the bow it's outstanding but look at the size of the head it's just insane um and then this is like your own private cabin right you never have to leave because the bathroom's right there um and then somebody can sleep here um there um and then the nav desk which is absolutely massive and then it has of course the chair that comes out on the little arm just really cool um lots of switches you got wind speed um different things like that the big VHF and I'll take you outside look at this just beautiful boat look at these winches like for scale unreal absolutely unreal it's uh not the canoe Stern um some of these came in a canoe certain and this is not the canoe's third version um so we have dinghy davits solar panels um there's two wind two wind turbines when they're when they're big radar and look at this gorgeous girl patches everywhere door raids everywhere uh we got a Vang stack pack steps all the way to the top of the Mast and it's a cutter so of course it's a cutter because why wouldn't it be the only thing I don't like about this boat is getting forward so you come up the side deck and stepping around this is like kind of a pain if I had to run up to do something with the anchor or something it would be difficult life raft more door raids and then we have the stay sail because it's a cutter on a fairly and then of course the main head sail also on a furling big harken heavy duty stuff and then there's the rock now 40 kilos just a bear and it's on a double roller and then electric windlass of course and a complete for the anchor what just a monster apologize for the wind noise it's quite Breezy today it's blowing 11 12 knots we're actually going to take this thing sailing this afternoon so it should be pretty sweet yeah that's a pain I don't know how they expect you to run up to the front but you also have the rails around the Mast which is question 43 it looks very comfortable um I can tell you like sort of living on it for the weekend it is very comfortable very very nice boat and we also got to spend some time at passers which is the spot if you're at the boat show it is the place to go and somehow we got a table for 12 by just walking in which was good because we had way more than 12 people it was truly amazing even if we did irritate the wait staff a little bit with so many people sort of dropping in and ordering drinks and then going on their way you guys are so very amazing and I can't get over how wonderful the Sailing Community really is more on that later now Todd was extremely nice and asked me to Captain His Hands Christian around the bay and I have some footage for you now this is about 15 to 18 knots of wind and were pointed up pretty high into it we've got a full main end because it's a cutter we've got both head sails out we're charging along into the wind at about eight knots this boat just moves now you notice we did bring the dinghy with us and Todd the owner wanted to get some good shots of his boat as it sailed along and because he didn't have to sail it because I was it gave him the opportunity so he jumped into the dinghy to go and get these shots and then he came back for the camera he didn't want to make the jump with the camera in his hand uh the problem was we're rocking along at eight knots as he comes to get the camera and we're in some pretty good C's so he had to plane the dinghy up just to keep up with us but then come off plane to grab the camera and as soon as he came off plane we would outrun him immediately this Hans sales like a Cadillac now the internet says she weighs about 31 000 pounds but all the Hans owners who have had them weighed sort of at-haul out on the crane the crane can actually tell how much your boat weighs they come in at 36 to 3 800 pounds and it's no surprise because she holds 120 gallons of diesel and 150 gallons of fresh water and this Christina has a modified thin Keel so it's longer for and aft than like a high performance fin but it's less Long than a full heel while remaining shallow enough to get into some of the tighter spots modified fins are sort of The Best of Both Worlds you get the stability most of the stability anyway of a full Keel with a little bit of the performance of a fin Keel it's sort of like Middle Ground of Both Worlds lady case alien is brought to you by patrons people who give a couple of bucks an episode to make this whole Channel possible I couldn't do it without you I want to give a big shout out to all the patrons that have gotten us this far if you'd like to help out the Channel please consider becoming a patron this sort of brings me to the point of this episode The sailboat buying checklist if you're shopping or even interested in sailboats even in the slightest I'm betting you already have one of these sort of in your head and if you watch this Channel at all you probably know that my personal checklist goes something like this my goal is to travel to the southern islands and having done that once I know I'll spend about 95 percent of my time simply living on a sailboat and doing some work on said sailboat um with my laptop and things like that so I need something with a cabin that sort of maximizes livability but I'm also a phrf racer at heart so the boat needs to be reasonably fast I also set my own in my head draft restriction of six feet or less because I like to sneak into cool anchorages where other people might not be willing to go because being alone is kind of nice sometimes I need a place specifically like Norman's key Pond which is Uncharted and my five foot Keel just barely made it in last time I was there but it was well worth it so nothing over six feet next up for my cruising experience I note I need dinghy davits I was using the Spinnaker Hellyer to hoist it on oh man what a pain and what you don't realize is the wear and tear on the dinghy from hoisting It On Deck you don't think very much about that but I'll tell you it happens the the cones on the back of the dinghy tend to catch the Shroud as the dinghy comes over and that's what killed my first thingy was the Shroud picking and picking and picking at the at the glue to the point where the dinghy started leaking right there and then it rubbing on the deck and rubbing on the on the lifelines and things like that so davits are really high on my list I also need a lot of room for solar panels and some sort of an arch to support the solar and the dinghy davits and maybe some wind turbines because those are nice to have and this next one it isn't a deal breaker but pretty high on my list of things I want a walk through transom I don't like lugging water jugs or groceries up over the rail just kind of sucks also of course I want enough tankage that don't have to worry too much about fresh water because I'm not really interested in a water maker for reasons that I might explain in a different episode I think that's a whole thing by itself so that's my checklist and to say the hence Christian 43 meets my needs is an understatement she's heavy but fast she's safe but roomy I'm beautiful but modern it's hard to find a boat that fits this mold so well so I was very surprised over this weekend in Annapolis we actually found two the hands and a boat that we had the pleasure of having some drinks on the Slocum 43 or passport 42 sort of within minutes of ending our nine and a half ten hour drive and arriving at the Hans Christian and meeting Todd we made contact with Rob and Elizabeth and we took the quick Diggy ride it was like two minutes over to their boat and they welcomed us with open arms which was wonderful these two are amazing and I would love to tell their whole story on this channel sometimes because I think you guys would would absolutely love to hear it suffice it to say they have almost a fully refitted and ready to go south Slocum 43. they're almost the same boat as a passport 42 and there's actually another really good story on why that name changed but we're gonna have to say that for another episode now this Slocum 43 being the same length is very close to Todd's Hans Christian in that it's almost hard to tell which boat you're actually inside of when you're in the cabin the big difference obviously from the outside is the Slocum is a canoe Stern which is better in following Seas the Hans Christian is sort of a regular flat squared off transom which is sort of better for dinghy davits and getting on and off the boat it's a good place for a ladder now the Slocum manages a bigger aft cabin which I mean that's where I was sleeping so it would have been nice um but it gives that space back in the galley where the Hans Christian has a bigger Galley with a better layout both have relatively the same nav stations and the Dinettes are largely the same but Todd's Hands Christian no longer had the c-shape dinette because a ledge had to be built to accommodate the diesel furnace and I think we can forgive that where the Hans Christian gets two heads sort of the smaller one at the back and the huge one in the front the Slocomb has to make do with one head though it's very big and instead of a Pullman birth like the hence Christian has the Slocum has bunks in the v-birth there's actually two monks and then they drop down into one big bed so it's sort of a two-state room deal like the Hans Christian now these boats actually make do with almost the same Keel in the same sail plan so I imagine they'd be very well matched if they were out cruising together though the Hans is a little bit heavier now these two boats check almost all of my boxes except for in one place in draft they both need more than six feet six point three and six point five respectively before you join the scuffed keeled Yacht Club that I'm already a member of but I have no interest in renewing that membership now I bring these boats together in this video to make a point and perhaps it's a point specifically for some of the folks I had the privilege of meeting this weekend it's very easy to get narrow sighted when looking for that perfect boat we all know the perfect boat doesn't exist but it's very easy to ignore a whole range of other boats for all the wrong reasons I need people all the time who are dead set on a specific boat because something has them ignoring everything else all the other possibilities that might also check all of the boxes on their sailboat purchase checklist and they get stuck in this tunnel of trying to find that perfect boat and never actually buy anything I gave this advice this weekend just by something there is no perfect bow as an example I really want Catalina 42 Mark II you guys know that that's my reality boat my slightly dreaming Boat Ocean is 45. again you guys know that but I'm not locked into these two and I am willing to stray wildly from that sort of model if something else checks all the boxes on my checklist like the Slocum or the Hans Christian that we're talking about these are a different world of boats but they'll do the job and the job is get out there sailing go cruising move aboard have some adventures and live that life before it's just too late to do it in fact that's why the Hans Christian was for sale when Todd bought it the owner had outfitted to the nines with wind and solar and a giant anchor and all the trimmings and never got to go anywhere on it one last thing about this weekend and my son said it best and I posted this on Facebook I'm just gonna read it never before have we experienced such a group of truly amazing people as we do with Sailors from all walks all professions income levels in places that they call home all one family a truly accepting and loving group of people like nothing else we will ever experience and my son is right he's very right we get very few experiences in life where so many different people can come together most of us having never met each other and share a love for this life that we share for sailing in the deep and wonderful world that surrounds sailing things like Annapolis a wholehearted cheers to all of you out there wherever you might be whomever you might be all Sailors much love from Lady K we'll see you guys next week

  Top Comments:
  1. @mrunning10 [1 likes]: All of this is good, EXCEPT one thing:  don't buy until YOU have a place to park that floating hunk of fiberglass.  Period.  Or you WILL be sorry.  And I mean don't just call around.  Put that deposit down on that slip or mooring ball BEFORE.
  2. @BobbyArrow [1 likes]: Enjoyed the video. Regarding the "checklist" the first question any sailor in Europe will ask is "what is your program?" You allude to your program of sailing the Caribbean and living aboard, but for anyone else, that is the question they need to answer. Do they just want to kick around their local waters? Do they want to do the Med? Cross oceans? First define the program and then, as you say, just buy something that can get you started on your program (provided you can convince your partner😞).
  3. @davidfennell6734: what is your opinions on a endevour 42cc please
  4. @gregldailey: Hey You're wearing a Vin Wiki shirt, right on.
  5. @dillonhrrs2010: Turned off within the first two minutes. JUST GET TO THE POINT DUDE!!
  6. @mikeryan6277: I thought it was a choice money or Boat but you can’t have both.
  7. @bobdailey9533: Very insightful video Tim!!!
  8. @dsz8491: 👍
  9. @AHD270: BOREAL 47.2
  10. @BwannaKubwa: Every time you say "sort of", I think to myself sort of or fucking actually.  Stop using lazy English.
  11. @billkoetting5197: How can you do a sail boat purchase guide and not list any prices?
  12. @dickrussell8128: On a previous episode you mentioned how men had a problem using the Nature head.  Buy a couple of Simply Orange Juice - thick plastic and a large opening - drink and rinse them out and then put in head for men to pee in.
  13. @alyk: The Hans Christian 36 is my dream boat ❤, got this Pullmans Birth and the head with only 36 feet 🤯 but soooo expensive.
  14. @learning2levitatethroughdr685: I. WANT. THAT. SHIRT!!!!!!
🤩🤩🤩🙏🙏🙏💚💚💙💙
  15. @brice5542: Goood stuff Captain, you deserve a medal for bravery, new driver 70, rain, heck what could possibly go wrong. Been threw the horror when my daughter learned to drive.
IMHO, both of those boats check many of the boxes for a safe passage around the world, I also have a teakie tub, A Tayana 37 Pilot house, not on par with the HC, or Slocum, but not far away either.  Really enjoy your videos, tks
  16. @RH-lz3om: Good day and thank you for your wonderfully informative videos.  I would really like to know your experience with yacht insurance.   Perhaps you did a video already?  Cheers!
  17. @krisban26: Another great vid. I finally got through the playlist. Are you heading back south soon?
Sending love from Alberta
  18. @carlop4659: Love your videos very informative, i can see your passion.
Although your boats are getting bigger and more expensive 😊.
I wandered if you could help future sailer to be. From car topper dingy sailing to trailerable sailboat.
  19. @ucazb4u: You look like you have devils horns in your forehead.  Once you see it you can't un-see it.
  20. @nonyayet1379: i asked this question once, a year or 2 ago.  thinking you might have taken it wrong.  thinking i might have asked it wrong.

what do you call "fast" and why?
so many boats are listed for sale as "fast" and of the many i have inquired about, when asked, refused a straight, or even semi straight response..

the most recent boat i bought, didn't need explanation, i didn't even need to ask.....   records and published documentation are self explanatory.

but.  i am looking for a second boat, and I do want fast.  fast, safe, and somewhat comfortable, budget minded ocean crossing machine.

so, what is fast, in your mind? and why?  please help define this.

thank you kindly sir.

(I ought to email you......)

- Top Ten Tips and  Advice from Famous Youtubers #annapolis #sailing #justgo: Kind: captions Language: en good morning everybody Lowell Shepard here on board sailing vessel wahine together we make up the project Pacific solo I have this audacious dream to cross the North Pacific solo before I'm 70 through the Great Pacific Garbage Patch I'm a rookie sailor so right now I'm in a training Voyage around Japan the last 18 months I'm 67 now so I still have another couple years to go and occasionally History Channel joins up with me to film my adventures in remote ports around Japan a few years ago I wrote a book called Never Too Late 10 tips to change the course of your life I've recently updated those 10 tips I'm going to share them with you now as well as asking many sailors at the Annapolis boat show what is their top tip to realize the audacious dream so here we go ten years ago I wrote a book called Never Too Late 10 tips to change the course of your life I still believe in those steps but I've actually upgraded them and adapted some of them so here we top 10 tips plus 10 you're gonna get 20. number one the theme is navigation and my tip 10 years ago was get a map today I say did more than one map tip number two the theme is love ten years ago I said locate love and you will find authenticity today my tip is love yourself so you can love others tip number three is all about endurance ten years ago I said discover the power of perseverance today's tip is if you're sweating you're winning number four geography by tip 10 years ago was change places and be renewed it's like being born again I also want to say now the tip is actually change the elements around you not just the physical characteristics I'm living on the water now it's changed my life tip number five money ten years ago I said money matters but not as much as you think still believe that but my tip today is be creative be daring and sees the Myriad of opportunities there are to generate income so you can be truly free and self-funding tip number six is about Fitness ten years ago I said supersize your life not your body today I say take a bath there's something that changes you mentally as well as physically when you have a bath tip number seven is about curves and the tip 10 years ago was straight line lives are boring today my tip is Embrace uncertainty tip number eight is about service ten years ago I said serve others and reap the rewards my tip now to you still believe that but most of my tip is don't be a servaholic allow others to serve you as well number nine Soul craft ten years ago I said touch the sacred and tan the soul today I also say explore and expand the moments of the profound tip number 10 is about time ten years ago I said stop watching TV and today I would say allow those poignant moments to be expanded and realize that not every hour is the same length hey I'm at the Annapolis boat show it's actually the last day we've just closed I've been asking experienced Sailors sailing channels their top tips to realize the dream here we go I'm duka from Odd Life crafting and for me the top one tip for realize your dream is to actually be your dream because some people say I have a dream but they don't really have a dream if that's really your dream it would 100 your energy on that and it happens it's like but you need to believe in yourself that that's actually otherwise it's just not going to happen fantastic because you know like sometimes like oh that's my dream but I don't have money to do that but I can go drink every day and I can go party every day that's not really a dream because if that's your dream you stop spending money in other things and just sustain on what matters that's all right what a great tip hard life crafting watch them brilliant [Music] this is by David Chi of David G sailing a maid of mine he's the reason why I'm here what's your top tip bringing whether it's sailing or anything else for somebody who's got an audacious dream audacious dream and what tip would you give them okay I'll tell you how I do it I like to jump in head first okay I like to go and just do I just like to get so committed that I can't back out and that's what we did with our boat we bought a boat it was broken there's no I had no idea how to do it how to fix it how to even sail but we just bought it and then I couldn't back out of it because it was broken so I had to find a way to fix it so that's how I do it and if I didn't do it that way I would have given up hi my name is James I have a sailing Channel called sailing Zingara my number one tip for you is try not to let the money get in the way of the decision because necessity is the mother of invention and you'll figure out a way to make money I promise you you will not go hungry and starve to death if you have to spend a lot of the majority of your nest egg on some dream that you have go for it freaking go for it the money will come foreign in our big tip for anyone who wants to do something big in their life go on an adventure whatever that is sailing or starting a business or just traveling is to take it step by step you know make baby steps and always have the next goal make the goal attainable and once you've reached it go on to the next one Jeremy Ram I work for precision sales I met a Lowell down at the boat show my top tip that I can recommend for anybody trying to go after this dream of theirs is Passion that might seem really far out there is figure it out you've got this I'm a big figured out guy I'm a jack of all trades that's what I do at Precision sales is what I do at home it's what I do in my personal life YouTube is an amazing resource Google is an amazing resource the information's out there you can get it and if the information is not out there put it up this is dietman with the Panama Posse our top tip for you guys who want to get out there is tap into a good network of information the most important thing is not opinions but information for you to make good decisions my name is Lynn and I'm from Amber lifestyle and for me my parents are what kind of motivated me to do this they left their life in their Homeland not really knowing exactly what to do just wanting to play and survive and they were able to get to America and right my best advice to anybody is it's never too late because life is shorter than you think Matt and James from sailings and our top tip for realizing your dream if it makes you happy and you want to keep doing it every day and just do it yeah right so follow the happiness follow the happiness the shake off conventional ways of living life and you try alternative lifestyles just get out there and go yeah you don't have to have everything no just go we left with nothing and we're still out here so we build it along the way just do it now don't wait until you finish your career don't wait just do it now because you never know what happens tomorrow do it now and it sounds super cliche but we meet so many people through our business and even myself out sailing where people say to us I wish I did this 20 years ago so I'd say if you have an inkling to do it just do it now don't overthink it and just start doing it don't wait to start just go just start and then once you start you realize that it can actually happen the hardest part is starting never be perfect so just go do it just do it because tomorrow may not come just do it make your dreams come true whatever you're passionate about just hammer it out and do it doesn't matter what it is have fun just gut act and do it don't think about it just follow your dreams and do it now because tomorrow is too late can you just do it so and that is what the boat is you will never have a perfect boat so just go and do it already packing come with me I'm not really asking we'll get away to a place where we don't know thank you [Applause] see the world in action what we can be life with no distractions this is what we waited for take my hand we'll make it somehow we can't miss out done living life with the lights I've died with my own doubts I'll be free big freaks I bought a crappy boat and went sailing when I was 18. let's let's do it what a great dip doesn't matter what it is look at this boat show and then with the commander of the Annapolis Salem Power Squadron I'm sailing because of the Tokyo sale empowering spotter so thank you for what you do welcome and thank you and good luck on your voids come with me I'm not really asking we'll get away to a place where we don't know the world in action what we can be life with no distractions we'll get away this is what we waited for take my hand we'll make it how we get out I'm done with my own doubts be free

  Top Comments:
  1. @DougVarble [3 likes]: Best video you have EVER produced 🎉. Outstanding Content, great stuff, thank you
  2. @SailingRamona [3 likes]: Looks like a great event with lots of inspiring people! Great advice, JUST DO IT!
  3. @daveg4963 [2 likes]: Very cool. This was great. Thanks for doing this. All those smile are very inspiring.
  4. @BreakingWavesSailing [2 likes]: Nice one!!!
  5. @david_shih [1 likes]: This vid is so good! Deserves so many more views! Keep it up please!!!
  6. @Ugowear [1 likes]: Our tip #11 is live a life filled with SPF - Spontaneous🔅Passionate🔅Fun🔅and be the people you want to attract and you will never be alone🤗
Thanks for including us🧡
  7. @tjpenton [1 likes]: Love the vid as always! Does Japan have many areas for anchorage? How is their attitude and/or law restrictions about anchoring out?
  8. @Sailing.Artemis [1 likes]: Great video my man 
Was a pleasure to meet you and blessed to call you my friend
  9. @alansmollen: Thank you for the clips of my heros and you too are a hero ,sir

- Tyler, The Creator - SAG HARBOR (Lyrics): Kind: captions Language: en Hey. Hey. Just talk some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] for a second. Cobra. These things got these things. Lamping in the Hamptons. Looking for estates, not a mansion. Scanning for the acreage in the pamphlet. I think this the big one. Sanford son got his fourth number one in the row. I'm a champion. Don't tap the glassy. Rather tap the pedal on the chassis. Call it Jasper is blowing gassy. Boys ain't got no rhythm. Up tempo got him Aggie. She sponging on my plankton. It got him moving crabby. Took the plane of Martha. Damn how much it cost you. Blinking. It's 182. Travis Ber this the baby one. This the lava. Easier to get from Sag Harbor. Bog August. Australia picked up another bag. No garbage. I'm tired if we keeping it facts. Uh uh. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] work, bro. I need to relax. Uh uh. Peace of mind. What? I need to get back. Yeah. Girls got short. >> Yeah. I'm grinding like it's so beating on the table. I'm trying to tag $100 million out the label. To you. That's just a fable. I show up with a camera and a ruler just in case it's hard for them to get my angle. I'm with my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Lo. Uh, bluffing on the island. Uh, talking about a village we could build. I'm feeling tribal. Uh, freedom is my destination. Praying that it's final. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that call for three M and they forgot to send a title. God damn it. The moment where your idol is your rival. I'm flying through the fire and I ain't breaking sweat yet. Keep a little water in the vial. Need no brown necklace. Custom made Lexus. Lust in my body. Make commitments. See the exit. I pray to God I settle down and stop the second guessing guilt from got me emotionally regressing until then I'm probably waging in affection now these days that follow these I gave [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] shoulders they could cry on I ain't like they nature so I had to switch the bone they ain't seeing green for me I'm switching to an iPhone [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] who y'all calling the best I seen they sell give it a They got your craniums hex. I'm on the road to doing stadiums next, but y'all keep counting me out like what's the cheat code? Clumsy ass [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] still worried about the street code. Supposed to own the ball and y'all worry about shooting free throws for dumb dollars. Daughters, sun dodgers, the catalyst to all the world's problems. White [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] saying period at end of the sentence, but wouldn't let the black girls they copy inside of their kitchen. I'll be off the coast, bro. Away from these crumbs, counting bread and eating toast, bro. Backseat of a Phantom. Tell the driver move in slowmo. I want them to see me like the bottom of a boat, bro. But he badmouth me, so we clean them with the scope, bro. We don't brush it off. We keep a stick to chew and blow, bro. Big paws. You need a big jaw to talk these numbers. I'm giving [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] time to tuck they summer. They yellow like the two [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that spazz on fronting 40 fumes only gas. I'm puffing. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] snuffing. Come get with me. Oh, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Those things got shin this falls. Yeah.

  Top Comments:
  1. @rennidy [20 likes]: Tyler never disappointed us 👏
  2. @Forcccyt [3 likes]: Why so lonely in this comment section?
  3. @callmeifyougetlostthesale: Eu amo o Tyler ele é meu namorado
  4. @CheyenneWright-c6b: he dropped dont tap the glass, then dropped another absolute banger after, he did the same thing when he dropped chromakopia , he dropped that guy, Tyler does NOT misss

- What Happened to NautiStyles? Rico & Victoria’s New Boat and Shocking Net Worth 💰: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome back to Naughty Styles affordable liabot yacht series. This yacht is a perfect example of why this brand is so popular. It's a lot of >> They say dreams don't come with warning labels, but maybe they should. For Victoria Shallayia and Rico Rock stole Nautyles was more than just a YouTube channel. It was a leap into deep water built on salt, sweat, and a quiet kind of chaos. What the world saw was luxury, freedom, and success. What they lived was far more complicated. Behind the waves in the wanderlust lies a story few have heard until now. Because somewhere between the glossy decks and global fame, something cracked, revealing the price of chasing perfection on open seas. And what surfaced next would change everything. They met not by fate but by collision. A perfect chemical reaction of talent, longing, and risk. Victoria, born in St. Petersburg, Russia, carried stories in her blood. Stories of history, heartbreak, grandeur, and poverty. She moved to Los Angeles as a teenager, chasing film school in the blank page. The magic was there sometimes, but so was the rejection. directors who saw her as a background actor, casting agents who saw ethnicity first, doors that never opened and parts that disappeared. Over 20 years in Hollywood taught her to spot illusion and wear hope like a coat that sometimes chafed. Rico's story was different, but kin. He grew by he grew up in Germany, learning discipline early, military, paramed, and structure. He saw life, death, and crisis. He saw how the world demanded competence and courage. Then he heard the beat of the DJ's booth calling. Heard how music could pull your bones apart and put them back together. He stepped away from safety, choosing the chaos of the decks, sweat of waiting rooms, and the lights of late night crowds. Filmmakers dismissed Victoria. Nightclubs sometimes dismiss Rico. kind of a traditional classic sailing vessels, but feels like it's time to move on to the Morat just >> but both knew they couldn't pretend life wasn't louder than their fears. They married and instead of a house, they chose a yacht. Their first real home was a 42 ft meridian. For 8 years, they lived aboard, moving with winds and tides, batteries and engines, and with hope and sometimes worry. They learned navigation, marine maintenance, and weather patterns. They became USCG licensed captains. They scraped by. There were dock fees, mechanical breakdowns, and nights when leaks made promises feel fragile. But the boat gave them something else. Identity, belonging, and a truth no apartment or Hollywood audition could offer. Then came the cameras. They started with yacht walkthroughs, travel videos, and glimpses of life aboard. A single video leaked into viral territory. A yacht tour that caught people's imaginations. What does it feel like to step into someone else's dream? Who hasn't wondered what it would be like to open a door to light hitting polished teak and chrome? See the sunrise over bow rails and smell salt and varnish. The audience held its breath and nautiles became more than a channel. They became confessionals, inspiration and aspiration. They made a promise. No payments for tours and no secret deals with shipyards offering yachts in exchange for good words. They wanted to preserve honesty. Victoria says they only tour vessels they believe will fascinate their audience, not just push product. But that promise came with Cartage saying no means passing up big money slinking through months without expecting to make a profit. They are very real people behind the glossier uploads or long hours hunched over editing, budgeting, and overnegotiating shipyards. Sometimes the steel hall doesn't align right. Sometimes the subcontractors deliver parts late or wrong. And sometimes the buyer wonders if this dream was too big. The Bearing 75, which they signed on to with Bearing Yachts, Turkey, Bulgaria, as a semi-custom steel explorer, is gargantuan. 23.4 44 m, over 160 metric tons, range of 4,000 plus nautical miles. And though they have announced it publicly and opened up much of the building journey on Nautis, the ambition means risks, structural integrity, cost overruns, labor issues and weather issues. Viewers have asked, "What is their net worth? How do they really make money?" YouTube ad revenue is one stream but heavily volatile. affiliate gear, Patreon, maybe store merchandise. Their channel, Nata Styles, has over half a million subscribers and tens of millions of views. Estimates vary, but revenue can be huge, but also so are the expenses. The truth is the lifestyle you see is funded by past risk, frayed budgets, and a lot of unseen trade-offs. >> So that is pretty cool for the cross brace because this here >> also >> Yeah. Also openable, >> the center one. Yes. >> So once you open that up window, >> add in scrutiny. Once you invite hundreds of thousands of people into your life, everything becomes a mirror. If a yacht walkthrough video is late, the paint chips, or if the cushions crease, people notice. Critics claim hypocrisy when they tour yachts belonging to brands or companies. They ask, "Did you secretly get paid?" If so, does that break the no payments for tours rule? Sometimes the comments are kinder. Sometimes they sting worse than salt under fingernails. Then there is the social media fatigue. Always posting, being friendly, and always being on. One of the harder realities is mental health, the greed of expectations. Your audience expects perfection, forward motion, new boats, and new finishes. But projects sputter. The Bearing 75 build has been public for years. Many viewers expect pristine updates. But boat building is messy. Steel doesn't always weld perfectly. Paint doesn't always cure cleanly. Parts rust. Costs double. And days of sunshine yield to storms. There are logistical nightmares. Shipyards in foreign countries. Language barriers. Supply chains disrupted and material cost inflation. Steel labor transport. It all jumps. What looked affordable in early designs can become impossible in later revisions. Once building the B75, they must have felt the tension between the dream hall and the price tag creeping up. If delays happen, a shipyard might prioritize other clients. If parts are wrong, they wait weeks. Every day of delay drags expenses. On top of that, living aboard while building something new means your home is always under construction. Not just physically, but emotionally. When you film almost everything, the small fights over design choices become public, even if unspoken. You can't slip away and quietly decide, "No, we don't want that furniture finished." If you change your mind, viewers expect an explanation. There is a tension between being brand managers and spouses and also sometimes between love and survival. And there have been whispers, not scandals, but shadows. Forums mention concerns about the choice of builder. Some boat yaching forums talk about bearings, concerns over quality, whether the hulls are heavy, stabilizers are ideal, or whether cost cutting may compromise performance. The audience often doesn't know when they are watching hope. When they see shiny woods and polished surfaces, what they may not see is plywood backing that cracked. Nights lying awake over budgeting issues and storms where the boat pitched so hard you wondered if you'd lose a window or more. The uncertainty of what lies beneath. And tragedy isn't a single event. It is slow. A soggy box in the hall. Rust in unseen crevices. Trust worn thin by perfectionism. Joy undercut by exhaustion. Victoria once talked about whale geek life. The way nature humbles you. The sea gives and takes and that humility means every failure feels personal. Still, there is so much beauty. They are building something rare, not just a brand, but a community. They teach people about seammanship, respect for boats, and about what it means to want something badly enough to risk. They also expanded. Victoria is reportedly head of sales for Bearing Yachts Americas, co-owner of a brokerage business in Marine Consulting. So, their income is beyond from ad revenue. It comes from marine business, dealership, and consulting. But all of that multiplies the work and multiplies the vulnerability. Clients expect results. Contractors demand payment. What is their net worth really? If you gathered all assets, yachts, equipment, real estate, business interests, you'd find they likely have a comfortable lifestyle. But you'd also find debts, loans, risk reserves, and cash flow tight months. The outward sparkle hides ledgers, payments due, tax concerns, insurance premiums, logistic chaos, and always the cost of filming, cameras, travel, and upkeep. Sometimes the biggest expense is internal. The cost to self and identity. They are known as nautiles couple yacht creators. If anything fails, everyone will see. If they change, some will accuse them of selling out. If they rest, people ask what's wrong. They cannot turn off. The camera is always somewhere, even when off. Yet, their story reminds us dreams are not polite. They don't come packaged neatly. They demand everything. And still often people say, "Why do this? Is it worth it? If you were Victoria, would you trade some fame for peace? If you were Rico, would you choose a steady paramedic shift over this constant risk?" Maybe they believe yes, even the price, fractures, and the grind. This is worth it because the dream isn't just owning a steel explorer or being seen. It's being authentic, free, and being raw on the sea. Because when you build your own ship, you build your own self. And for now, they they sail onward. Their future yacht may yet disappoint. Their finances may yet strain. But the narrative, their community, and the trust, they've built those with honesty. Let us know your views in the comments section.

  Top Comments:
  1. @daviddupuis2597 [1 likes]: I love these guys. I pnlan on buying a yacht in the future and these guys help me to inspect  the yacht.
Thank you and😊see you soon.
  2. @glennsnadon: What a shīt video…
  3. @TheGoodDaisy: She likes to give ‘tips’ on yachts
  4. @Notus-b8r: Click bait utter nonsense. Don't bother watching this or any others on this channel.
  5. @RobertPhillipssaysisiapiand: Waste of time watching, we already know this stuff
  6. @Jeff-n9p6w: What a freaking waste of my time!
  7. @OverlandingArmyVeteran: CLICK BAIT this guy is a joke
  8. @gulfwinds: Boring, useless, uninspired, idiotic video. Channel deleted forever!
  9. @johnboss3562: And their net worth is?
  10. @ThaiLifeAmerican: AI slop
  11. @ThaiLifeAmerican: I just like her cute little body and pixie face! And for those of you who only make occasional videos...it is HARD WORK to run a money making YouTube channel! There is a LOT of competition and you can NEVER stop uploading!
  12. @arnoldziffel4943: Thank you for wasting my precious time!
  13. @erwinartola7124: No cabe duda, siempre que hay una idea fresca y entretenida como nauti styles sale una basurilla tratando de manchar un esfuerzo genuino. Que perdida de tiempo este video
  14. @OranRoberts-b1j: Pointless
  15. @nas6587: Nautistyles are scammers and clickbaiters...
They just efn boring....
  16. @wheelchairghost: Clickbait garbage.   Don't watch it.
  17. @Snhojbar: What a crap video and crap channel. blocked
  18. @RockitMon: Who gives a fark 😂
  19. @RockitMon: Entitled db's
  20. @ospee2004: What was the point of this video. It offered no information and a lot of innuendo. I dont see all. The doom and gloomy you are insinuating. Pure click bait. Trying to get clicks off of their genuine fame.

- Inside The $9,000,000,000 Most Insanely Expensive Yachts: Kind: captions Language: en-US What if I told you there are luxurious,&nbsp; multi-level maritime mansions sailing&nbsp;&nbsp; the seas that cost more than some countries'&nbsp; GDP? I'm talking about mega yachts so lavish&nbsp;&nbsp; and tricked out, they make cruise&nbsp; ship suites look like broom closets. Have you ever wondered how the ultra-wealthy&nbsp; traverse the seas in privacy and utmost luxury?&nbsp;&nbsp; I’m not talking about mere first-class&nbsp; tickets on a standard cruise ship. No,&nbsp;&nbsp; I mean truly one-of-a-kind&nbsp; floating palaces customized&nbsp;&nbsp; to each billionaire owner’s exact&nbsp; specifications without regard for cost. Welcome to the dazzling, decadent domain of&nbsp; luxury superyachts – a maritime realm reserved&nbsp;&nbsp; only for those with bank accounts spanning ten or&nbsp; eleven figures. These resplendent behemoths offer&nbsp;&nbsp; every conceivable indulgence under the sun. Their&nbsp; mere purchase prices exceed many countries’ GDPs. But what exactly does $500 million or even a&nbsp; billion dollars buy on the high seas? Join me&nbsp;&nbsp; for an exclusive tour inside 20 of the most&nbsp; expensive personal yachts sailing the planet&nbsp;&nbsp; today. We’ll reveal every opulent amenity&nbsp; and dive deep into famous owners’ lives. Number 20 - Lionheart A majestic 207-foot leviathan&nbsp;&nbsp; owned by British retail magnate Sir Philip&nbsp; Green. Estimated to cost around $150 million,&nbsp;&nbsp; she provides amenities galore for&nbsp; privileged guests. Do normal rules of&nbsp;&nbsp; sensible spending apply to billionaires&nbsp; like Sir Philip? Of course not! With a&nbsp;&nbsp; net worth around $3 billion, his pocket&nbsp; change alone could set most retirements. Built by the illustrious Italian shipyard&nbsp; Benetti, Lionheart entered service in 2016&nbsp;&nbsp; as a floating palace worthy of royalty. Her&nbsp; sweeping exterior lines give her a refined,&nbsp;&nbsp; regal bearing wherever she glides&nbsp; into port. At over 200 feet long,&nbsp;&nbsp; Lionheart dominates any marina or&nbsp; anchorage, dwarfing lesser craft. Her resplendent gleaming white hull and chrome&nbsp; accents sparkle brightly beneath the Mediterranean&nbsp;&nbsp; sun. And make no mistake, with twin 3,600&nbsp; horsepower engines, she can outrun most paparazzi&nbsp;&nbsp; at full throttle beyond 16 knots. Yes, Lionheart&nbsp; has a performance matching her imposing looks. Up top, the generous sun deck has plentiful&nbsp; cushy loungers for working on one's tan while&nbsp;&nbsp; a personal attendant delivers chilled&nbsp; Dom Perignon. What better way to spend a&nbsp;&nbsp; warm summer afternoon than basking lazily on&nbsp; your own superyacht? When the sun dips low,&nbsp;&nbsp; there's always the infinity-edge spa tub to&nbsp; unwind tired muscles. The good life indeed! Below deck is where the real luxury&nbsp; resides. With six lavish staterooms&nbsp;&nbsp; that welcome up to 12 fortunate guests,&nbsp; there's abundant room for family,&nbsp;&nbsp; friends or business colleagues.&nbsp; Plush carpets, enormous beds,&nbsp;&nbsp; marble-lined bathrooms - no expense was&nbsp; spared crafting Lionheart's splendid spaces. Number 19 - Aviva&nbsp; The beloved superyacht of billionaire&nbsp; financier Joe Lewis. Over 200 feet long,&nbsp;&nbsp; she provides a floating oasis for Lewis and&nbsp; his privileged guests. Aviva can welcome 16&nbsp;&nbsp; passengers across palatial spaces designed&nbsp; by Reymond Langton Design. But rest assured,&nbsp;&nbsp; Joe Lewis and friends will not exactly be roughing&nbsp; it aboard his $150 million aquatic estate. Some highlights of Aviva's lavish amenities&nbsp; include an indoor lap pool, private cinema,&nbsp;&nbsp; spa, gym, Jacuzzi and helicopter landing pad.&nbsp; The grand main saloon features floor-to-ceiling&nbsp;&nbsp; windows providing awe-inspiring panoramic views.&nbsp; Yes, Aviva surpasses expectations of comfort&nbsp;&nbsp; and elegance at every turn. She is a seagoing&nbsp; palace catering to every whim in regal style. But Aviva's most astounding feature sits&nbsp; up top - a full-sized regulation tennis&nbsp;&nbsp; court on her spacious upper deck! Leave it&nbsp; to Joe Lewis to ensure he can practice his&nbsp;&nbsp; backhand while afloat. Other billionaire&nbsp; yacht owners install hot tubs or pools,&nbsp;&nbsp; but the sports enthusiast wants amenities&nbsp; enabling his passions, no matter how impractical. Aviva also houses Lewis's priceless art&nbsp; collection in climate-controlled galleries.&nbsp;&nbsp; Pieces by Picasso, Rothko and others from his&nbsp; $1 billion stash adorn the hallways. Combined&nbsp;&nbsp; with lavish furnishings and fixtures, Aviva&nbsp; feels like a floating private museum. Yes,&nbsp;&nbsp; she offers rarities and indulgences&nbsp; beyond imagination's reach for most. Aviva is crewed by up to 17 staff ready&nbsp; to cater to Joe Lewis's smallest fancy 24&nbsp;&nbsp; hours a day. With a top speed around 17&nbsp; knots from her hardy MTU diesel engines,&nbsp;&nbsp; his home away from home can whisk Lewis and&nbsp; friends to any tropical destination swiftly. Number 18 - Solandge Completed in 2013 by German shipbuilding titan&nbsp;&nbsp; Lürssen, this 280-foot giant offers accommodation&nbsp; for 14 fortunate guests plus ample room for up to&nbsp;&nbsp; 29 crew members. For the right stratospheric&nbsp; price, you could even experience her splendor. Solandge's sleek exterior profile came from&nbsp; the drawing board of famed yacht designer Espen&nbsp;&nbsp; Oeino. Inside, the talented designer Aileen&nbsp; Rodriguez infused the living spaces with a&nbsp;&nbsp; contemporary zen minimalist aesthetic using&nbsp; rare wood veneers, neutral tones and marble. Floor-to-ceiling windows surround the&nbsp; upper deck lounge and adjoining areas,&nbsp;&nbsp; providing jaw-dropping panoramic views out&nbsp; over the bow. Spanning over 2,500 square feet,&nbsp;&nbsp; this privileged space features a baby grand&nbsp; piano and elegant furnishings for entertaining&nbsp;&nbsp; or relaxation. Without question, Solandge&nbsp; is a heavenly escape from the mundane world. For pleasure and recreation, Solandge features&nbsp; a cutting-edge fitness room, private cinema,&nbsp;&nbsp; heated pool and open-air Jacuzzi. Outside,&nbsp; guests can lounge poolside on cushioned chairs,&nbsp;&nbsp; dine al fresco beside the shimmering&nbsp; waters, or soak in the Jacuzzi. The&nbsp;&nbsp; 8 lavish VIP suites below deck offer&nbsp; princely accommodations fit for royalty,&nbsp;&nbsp; each with king-size beds, entertainment&nbsp; systems and spacious ensuite bathrooms. At night, an elaborate lighting system traces&nbsp; Solandge's silhouette, giving her an almost&nbsp;&nbsp; ethereal futuristic radiance. Powered by dual&nbsp; fuel-efficient yet muscular MTU diesel engines,&nbsp;&nbsp; Solandge can sprint to over 17 knots and&nbsp; cross the Atlantic without refueling. Number 17 - Ecstasea Russian billionaire Roman&nbsp;&nbsp; Abramovich's awe-inspiring superyacht Ecstasea&nbsp; holds down the 17th position on our list. This&nbsp;&nbsp; nearly 300-foot giant was constructed&nbsp; starting in 2004 by preeminent Dutch&nbsp;&nbsp; shipbuilder Feadship at a reported cost&nbsp; of $200 million - mere pocket change for&nbsp;&nbsp; someone of Abramovich's stature. Worth over&nbsp; $14 billion, his indulgences know no bounds. The immaculate gleaming white hull and&nbsp; raked superstructure are iconic sights&nbsp;&nbsp; gliding regally into any port. But the real&nbsp; treasures are found inside. No expense was&nbsp;&nbsp; spared creating Ecstasea's palatial spaces&nbsp; using the finest materials procured worldwide. Precious woods, Italian marble and gold accents&nbsp; adorn nearly every surface in the living spaces&nbsp;&nbsp; and master suites. The finest artisans crafted&nbsp; her sweeping spiral staircase and intricately&nbsp;&nbsp; detailed furnishings. Seven ultra elite guest&nbsp; staterooms offer a private slice of heaven,&nbsp;&nbsp; with Hermès leathers, Fendi&nbsp; cloth accent walls and lush&nbsp;&nbsp; king-size beds. 24-hour butler service&nbsp; ensures no request goes unfulfilled. Twin powerful MTU diesel engines propel&nbsp; her to 25 knots despite a tremendous&nbsp;&nbsp; displacement of over 4,500 tons. Abramovich&nbsp; made sure his personal superyacht combined&nbsp;&nbsp; performance with imposing looks. Ecstasea&nbsp; also features dual helicopter landing pads,&nbsp;&nbsp; a garage for water toys like jet skis and seabobs,&nbsp; and extensive storage for extended voyages. After wowing guests with unforgettable cruises&nbsp; to exotic locales, Ecstasea's crew of 30 ensure&nbsp;&nbsp; every need is catered for. It's this tireless&nbsp; service that makes staying aboard her a true&nbsp;&nbsp; five-star experience. While Abramovich has&nbsp; since upgraded to an even bigger yacht,&nbsp;&nbsp; Ecstasea remains an enduring symbol&nbsp; of high seas luxury and wealth. Number 16 - Rising Sun Measuring over 450 feet long, she offers immense&nbsp;&nbsp; interior volume spread across 7 spacious decks.&nbsp; This golden avenue castle was originally built in&nbsp;&nbsp; 2004 by Lürssen Yachts of Germany for Oracle CEO&nbsp; Larry Ellison at a cost exceeding $200 million. In 2007, fellow billionaire&nbsp; David Geffen purchased her,&nbsp;&nbsp; then invested another $50 million refitting&nbsp; the interiors and adding the latest amenities.&nbsp;&nbsp; With nearly 6,000 square feet of living&nbsp; space, Rising Sun accommodates up to 16&nbsp;&nbsp; privileged guests plus 54 crew members ready&nbsp; to cater to their every whim 24 hours a day. While not the largest megayacht by length,&nbsp; Rising Sun's voluminous 80-foot beam provides&nbsp;&nbsp; expansive real estate to house an eye-popping&nbsp; list of facilities including a private cinema,&nbsp;&nbsp; fitness center and spa, indoor basketball court,&nbsp;&nbsp; wine cellar and zen garden. One can play hoops&nbsp; or get a massage without ever going ashore! Outside, the rear pool deck launches smaller&nbsp; vessels like jet skis and speed boats. Or&nbsp;&nbsp; guests can simply lounge poolside and soak in the&nbsp; sweeping ocean views. When it's time to dine and&nbsp;&nbsp; socialize, the main deck lounge features a baby&nbsp; grand piano and elegant bar for entertaining. With a top speed near 20 knots&nbsp; from her twin diesel engines,&nbsp;&nbsp; Rising Sun consumes horizons swiftly. She has&nbsp; entertained A-list celebrities and business&nbsp;&nbsp; moguls around the world thanks to owner&nbsp; David Geffen's many Hollywood connections. Number 15 - Octopus Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen&nbsp;&nbsp; spent a reported $200 million constructing this&nbsp; 413-foot giant in 2003. She remains one of the&nbsp;&nbsp; largest personal superyachts ever launched,&nbsp; weighing over 10,000 gross metric tons. Octopus requires a full-time crew of&nbsp; 57 just to maintain her many complex&nbsp;&nbsp; systems and tend to pamper guests. She&nbsp; offers abundant space for 26 esteemed&nbsp;&nbsp; passengers across 13 lavish VIP suites.&nbsp; Facilities aboard include a music studio,&nbsp;&nbsp; full-size basketball court, glass bottom&nbsp; swimming pool, movie theatre, spa,&nbsp;&nbsp; helipad and a garage housing multiple&nbsp; helicopters and a personal submarine. Paul Allen insisted on an environmentally&nbsp; friendly hybrid propulsion system for Octopus,&nbsp;&nbsp; utilizing liquified natural gas and diesel. Her&nbsp; eight generators produce enough power for a small&nbsp;&nbsp; town! Clearly no expense was spared designing&nbsp; and engineering Allen's personal megayacht. Though Paul Allen passed away in 2018, his&nbsp; estate has kept Octopus in flawless condition,&nbsp;&nbsp; still cruising the world. Guests wanting an&nbsp; especially luxurious escape can charter her&nbsp;&nbsp; for over $2 million per week. She&nbsp; has been spotted in locales from&nbsp;&nbsp; the French Riviera during the Cannes Film&nbsp; Festival to Australia's Great Barrier Reef. Whether one desires fine dining beneath&nbsp; the stars, an underwater excursion,&nbsp;&nbsp; or basketball on the tide-compensated&nbsp; court, Octopus brings your wishes into&nbsp;&nbsp; reality. Each space provides optimal&nbsp; views outward through vast windows. Number 14 - Lady Moura The beloved yacht of Saudi&nbsp;&nbsp; billionaire Nasser Al-Rashid. This 344-foot regal&nbsp; vessel was custom built by Dutch firm Blohm+Voss&nbsp;&nbsp; and delivered in 1990 after nearly 6 years of&nbsp; meticulous construction. The final cost exceeded&nbsp;&nbsp; $210 million, but for someone of Al-Rashid's&nbsp; financial stature, such figures are trivialities. At the time, Lady Moura incorporated&nbsp; numerous technological firsts like&nbsp;&nbsp; her automated retractable roof and internal&nbsp; floodable garages to store tenders, jet skis&nbsp;&nbsp; and other watercraft. She can accommodate up to&nbsp; 30 privileged guests and 60 expert crew members. Some amazing exterior features include a&nbsp; lavish lounge area on the upper aft deck&nbsp;&nbsp; perfect for sunset cocktails or hobnobbing with&nbsp; fellow elites. There is also a generous hot tub,&nbsp;&nbsp; basketball court, putting green, jogging track&nbsp; and not one but two helicopter landing pads.&nbsp;&nbsp; Lady Moura is equipped for adventure&nbsp; and indulgence anywhere the winds blow. Her crowning glory sits on the resplendent&nbsp; rear pool deck. At the touch of a button,&nbsp;&nbsp; the pool roof retracts to convert the&nbsp; area into an open-air party space. And&nbsp;&nbsp; the name Lady Moura is writ large across&nbsp; the transom in real 24-karat gold - no&nbsp;&nbsp; delicate paint job here. Yes, she&nbsp; announces her presence proudly. Inside, the two-level master suite&nbsp; and adjoining VIP staterooms rival&nbsp;&nbsp; those found at the finest hotels. There&nbsp; is also a state-of-the-art fitness room,&nbsp;&nbsp; opulent dining room with Swarovski&nbsp; crystal chandeliers, private cinema,&nbsp;&nbsp; hair salon and more. The latest audio-visual&nbsp; systems provide entertainment on demand. With a range exceeding 5,000 nautical miles, Lady&nbsp; Moura is capable of globetrotting wherever her&nbsp;&nbsp; owner desires, or spending months at anchor as a&nbsp; private resort. Powerful diesel engines drive her&nbsp;&nbsp; to over 20 knots despite her massive size and&nbsp; displacement. Thirty years after her launch,&nbsp;&nbsp; Lady Moura still Represents the cutting&nbsp; edge of luxury yachting. Her lucky owner&nbsp;&nbsp; can rest assured he possesses one of&nbsp; the finest superyachts on the sea. Number 13 - Al Mirqab Commissioned by Qatar's&nbsp;&nbsp; former Prime Minister Hamad bin Jassim&nbsp; bin Jaber Al-Thani. He selected the&nbsp;&nbsp; Netherlands-based yacht builder Oceanco&nbsp; to construct Al Mirqab starting in 2004,&nbsp;&nbsp; with Tim Heywood Design handling her&nbsp; sweeping exterior lines. No expense was&nbsp;&nbsp; spared creating this 436-foot floating palace,&nbsp; which likely cost over $250 million to complete. Al Mirqab's most defining attribute is&nbsp; her abundance of expansive glass surfaces&nbsp;&nbsp; across multiple viewing decks. The reflective&nbsp; windows amplify the jaw-dropping ocean vistas&nbsp;&nbsp; and scenery beyond. She can accommodate 24 guests&nbsp; and 52 crew with true globe-trotting capability. Her 6,400 nautical mile range means she can cruise&nbsp; from the Persian Gulf to Northern Europe nonstop&nbsp;&nbsp; if desired - the perfect way to escape paparazzi&nbsp; or prying eyes. Yes, aboard Al Mirqab owners&nbsp;&nbsp; enjoy privacy and security unmatched on terra&nbsp; firma. They occupy their own untouchable realm. The onboard leisure amenities satisfy&nbsp; even the most discerning billionaire.&nbsp;&nbsp; There are two pristine swimming pools,&nbsp; a fully equipped gymnasium and spa,&nbsp;&nbsp; helicopter landing pad, movie theater with&nbsp; surround sound, and a sky lounge connected&nbsp;&nbsp; to an outdoor hot tub. The skylounge area&nbsp; even converts into a stage for performances. Twin powerful diesel engines drive Al&nbsp; Mirqab effortlessly forward at 25 knots.&nbsp;&nbsp; Despite her enormous size, Al Mirqab&nbsp; handles like a vessel half her scale. Number 12 - Dilbar&nbsp; Owned by Russian oligarch tycoon Alisher&nbsp; Usmanov. Constructed starting in 2008 by&nbsp;&nbsp; renowned German shipbuilder Lürssen Yachts&nbsp; and delivered in 2016, she likely cost Mr.&nbsp;&nbsp; Usmanov up to $256 million, proving price&nbsp; was no object creating his dream vessel. Spanning over 360 feet long with a generous beam,&nbsp; Dilbar ranks as one of the largest superyachts in&nbsp;&nbsp; the world by interior volume, with a gross&nbsp; tonnage exceeding 15,000 tons fully loaded.&nbsp;&nbsp; She can welcome 40 privileged guests easily&nbsp; across vast living spaces and staterooms.&nbsp;&nbsp; Dilbar maintains a crew of 96 - yes, nearly&nbsp; 100 - to cater to their every fancy and whim. Her shiny pearl white hull and superstructure&nbsp; are accented by enormous full-height glass&nbsp;&nbsp; windows that amplify the dramatic ocean&nbsp; views. Her Lürssen pedigree ensures the&nbsp;&nbsp; finest engineering and construction&nbsp; using Western technology. Advanced&nbsp;&nbsp; stabilization fins minimize any roll&nbsp; motion when anchored or cruising slowly. Naturally, Dilbar offers amenities to rival the&nbsp; finest resorts worldwide. Indulgences include&nbsp;&nbsp; the largest swimming pool ever installed&nbsp; on a private yacht, measuring over 82 feet&nbsp;&nbsp; long! There is also a beauty salon and spa,&nbsp; gymnasium, movie theater with a 3D screen,&nbsp;&nbsp; and separate living quarters for her extensive&nbsp; crew. Her interior decor exudes refinement and&nbsp;&nbsp; good taste thanks to precious metals, fine wood&nbsp; surfaces and elegant lighting accents throughout. To power this aquatic giant, Dilbar&nbsp; utilizes a hybrid propulsion system&nbsp;&nbsp; linking powerful diesel engines to an&nbsp; Azimut electrical boosting drive. She&nbsp;&nbsp; can sprint to 25 knots and has an enormous&nbsp; 8,200 mile range for globe-trotting journeys. Number 11 - Pelorus Built starting in 2003 by&nbsp;&nbsp; the German titan Lürssen Yachts for&nbsp; a reported price near $300 million,&nbsp;&nbsp; she was originally commissioned by wealthy&nbsp; Saudi tycoon Saman Abdullah. In 2004,&nbsp;&nbsp; Russian billionaire Roman Abramovich purchased&nbsp; her as his personal oceangoing sanctuary. With graceful exterior lines conceived&nbsp; by renowned designer Tim Heywood,&nbsp;&nbsp; Pelorus always makes a sterling first&nbsp; impression wherever she cruises. Her sweeping&nbsp;&nbsp; decks offer ample space for relaxation&nbsp; or alfresco dining beneath the stars,&nbsp;&nbsp; including a large heated pool with&nbsp; adjustable depth perfect for lounging. Inside, Pelorus provides accommodation&nbsp; for 24 privileged guests across 12&nbsp;&nbsp; well-appointed staterooms, each with its own&nbsp; private ensuite bathroom. No need to share&nbsp;&nbsp; here! She maintains a crew of 46 poised to&nbsp; deliver first-class service around the clock. The luxe interior decor includes a grand&nbsp; two-story foyer with sweeping staircase,&nbsp;&nbsp; contemporary furnishings, and surfaces of marble&nbsp; juxtaposed with rich hardwoods and designer&nbsp;&nbsp; lighting accents. Additional amenities onboard&nbsp; include a sundeck jacuzzi, fully equipped spa&nbsp;&nbsp; and gymnasium, and easy access to the ocean&nbsp; via fold-down exterior decks and stairways. At the rear, an enclosed&nbsp; hangar stores smaller boats,&nbsp;&nbsp; jet skis and other water toys to enjoy&nbsp; during coastal excursions or at anchor.&nbsp;&nbsp; Two powerful MTU diesel engines provide&nbsp; Pelorus with transoceanic range and a top&nbsp;&nbsp; speed beyond 20 knots - enough performance&nbsp; to outpace annoying paparazzi or malaise. Number 10 - Serene A magnificent 439-foot giantess that serves as a&nbsp;&nbsp; floating extravagant palace for the King of Saudi&nbsp; Arabia. This brand new superyacht was constructed&nbsp;&nbsp; by legendary Italian shipyard Fincantieri and&nbsp; delivered to her royal owners in 2011. She cost&nbsp;&nbsp; approximately $300 million to build and outfit -&nbsp; a figure that would make most gasp in disbelief. For a monarch, such an expenditure barely&nbsp; merits contemplation. Serene provides 7&nbsp;&nbsp; full decks of indulgent spaces including 24&nbsp; ultra-luxe staterooms that can welcome over&nbsp;&nbsp; 50 privileged guests and associated&nbsp; staff. She also features not just&nbsp;&nbsp; one but two helicopter landing pads,&nbsp; extensive pool decks inside and out,&nbsp;&nbsp; multiple hot tubs, a submarine bay&nbsp; and even an underwater viewing room! Guests can glimpse pelagic creatures and&nbsp; sea life gliding silently past the huge&nbsp;&nbsp; glass panels. Serene offers diversions and&nbsp; amenities to satisfy even the most demanding&nbsp;&nbsp; superyacht connoisseur. She is a maritime&nbsp; playground limited only by imagination. The sleek yet imposing exterior exhibiting&nbsp; vertical lines was conceived by Espen Øino&nbsp;&nbsp; Naval Architects to maximize interior&nbsp; volumes across her 195-foot beam. Inside,&nbsp;&nbsp; theultra-contemporary interior design flows&nbsp; from the talents of British firm Reymond&nbsp;&nbsp; Langton. Guests are left awe-struck&nbsp; by details like crystal furnishings,&nbsp;&nbsp; gold accents, soaring marble pillars, walls and&nbsp; floors. No surface or detail was overlooked. Beneath her gleaming exterior, Serene houses two&nbsp; ultra-powerful diesel engines producing well over&nbsp;&nbsp; 18,000 horsepower combined. This propels her&nbsp; to over 24 knots - enough speed to outpace&nbsp;&nbsp; annoying media - while still providing&nbsp; a remarkable Atlantic crossing range. Number 9 - Al Said Now into the billion-dollar&nbsp;&nbsp; realm at number 9, we find Al Said, the majestic&nbsp; superyacht beloved by Sultan Qaboos bin Said&nbsp;&nbsp; Al Said of Oman. At just over 509 feet, her&nbsp; enormous scale required construction resources&nbsp;&nbsp; on a national level, with work commencing in&nbsp; 2007 at a final cost well over $300 million. Espen Øino served as lead exterior stylist,&nbsp; conferring Al Said's signature long,&nbsp;&nbsp; low angular profile that cuts&nbsp; through the sea with authority.&nbsp;&nbsp; Although scant details have been revealed&nbsp; publicly about her layout and amenities,&nbsp;&nbsp; reports indicate Al Said has one of the largest&nbsp; private swimming pools ever built aboard a yacht,&nbsp;&nbsp; plus an expansive central atrium that&nbsp; houses her very own orchestral concert hall! Yes, the sultan can enjoy private recitals&nbsp; by world-class musicians without ever going&nbsp;&nbsp; ashore. Despite her mammoth size,&nbsp; Al Said reportedly can still reach&nbsp;&nbsp; 25 knots top speed thanks to the latest&nbsp; marine turbine powerplants. Her imposing&nbsp;&nbsp; yet graceful lines make a stunning&nbsp; impression wherever Al Said appears. As the longtime ruler of Oman, the Sultan&nbsp; can cruise in total security knowing his&nbsp;&nbsp; yacht's location is also a closely guarded state&nbsp; secret. Al Said operates in a rarefied realm,&nbsp;&nbsp; exceeding already ridiculous standards&nbsp; of wealth and influence. Her lucky&nbsp;&nbsp; owner answers only to himself, living a&nbsp; life unbounded by conventional limits. Number 8 - Radiant A modern 360-foot marvel commissioned&nbsp;&nbsp; by Emirati billionaire and businessman Abdulla Al&nbsp; Futtaim. This superyacht was constructed by the&nbsp;&nbsp; renowned German firm Lürssen over a meticulous&nbsp; four-year period before her delivery in 2009. Cost to construct? An estimated $320 million. But&nbsp; for someone of Al Futaim's financial stature, such&nbsp;&nbsp; a figure is insignificant. With sweeping exterior&nbsp; lines conceived by the designer Tim Heywood,&nbsp;&nbsp; Radiant cuts a striking form whether stationary&nbsp; or cruising at her top speed of 21 knots. Radiant pampers up to 20 fortunate&nbsp; guests across 10 lavish VIP suites,&nbsp;&nbsp; with ample room remaining to house&nbsp; 44 dedicated crew members. Her glossy&nbsp;&nbsp; exterior surfaces and enormous windows take&nbsp; full advantage of natural illumination,&nbsp;&nbsp; flooding the interior spaces with&nbsp; warmth and fresh ocean vistas. Guests will find every amenity and diversion&nbsp; conceivable, including multiple pools, spa,&nbsp;&nbsp; gymnasium, cinema, beach club and even&nbsp; a specialized live fish bait freezer&nbsp;&nbsp; to keep the finest sushi ingredients fresh! Yes,&nbsp;&nbsp; Radiant offers entertainment to satisfy even&nbsp; the most jet setting superyacht connoisseur. Her lucky owners can circumnavigate the&nbsp; globe while enjoying facilities comparable&nbsp;&nbsp; to an upscale resort. Yet they are cosseted&nbsp; away from the nuisance of crowds and public&nbsp;&nbsp; scrutiny. Aboard Radiant, billionaires&nbsp; inhabit an untouchable dream realm free&nbsp;&nbsp; of worldly concerns and limitations. Yes,&nbsp; superyachts like Radiant represent true escape. Number 7 - Dubai Now entering the most&nbsp;&nbsp; rarefied category of all, we reach number 7 and&nbsp; the megayacht Dubai. This 531-foot aquatic palace&nbsp;&nbsp; was meticulously constructed by Blohm + Voss&nbsp; to the exacting specifications of its owner,&nbsp;&nbsp; Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum. The&nbsp; Sheikh serves as the Prime Minister and&nbsp;&nbsp; Vice President of the United Arab Emirates&nbsp; in addition to being the ruler of Dubai. Yes, Dubai was custom made&nbsp; to serve the royal family,&nbsp;&nbsp; with virtually unlimited resources and&nbsp; manpower allocated to her design and&nbsp;&nbsp; construction. Delivered in 2006 after&nbsp; nearly four years of intensive labor,&nbsp;&nbsp; her rumored cost exceeded $400 million. But for&nbsp; royalty, such arbitrary figures mean little. At over 530 feet in length, Dubai holds&nbsp; the distinction of being one of the largest&nbsp;&nbsp; private superyachts ever commissioned. She can&nbsp; comfortably accommodate 115 privileged guests and&nbsp;&nbsp; crew across vast interior volumes and multiple&nbsp; decks. The sheer scale is difficult to convey;&nbsp;&nbsp; upon arriving in port, no structure comes&nbsp; close to matching her imposing presence. Guests are greeted by a soaring lobby&nbsp; atrium featuring a Arabian dhow sailing&nbsp;&nbsp; ship suspended mid-air! Further inside&nbsp; one finds indulgent details like the&nbsp;&nbsp; dazzling circular glass staircase ringed&nbsp; by color-changing lighting effects and&nbsp;&nbsp; mosaic tiled swimming pool flanked&nbsp; by palm trees on the upper sun deck. Yes, Dubai's interiors exude magnificence at&nbsp; every turn, integrating the finest materials,&nbsp;&nbsp; eastern influences and advanced technology.&nbsp; Her onboard movie theatre, lounges, spas and&nbsp;&nbsp; VIP suites rival those found at five-star hotels.&nbsp; Outside, the sweeping aft deck contains hot tubs,&nbsp;&nbsp; bar areas, and a landing pad for the&nbsp; Sheikh's personal Blackhawk helicopter. With a cruising speed over 25 knots, Dubai&nbsp; can outrun bothersome media and all care.&nbsp;&nbsp; Wherever she travels, lesser craft give way&nbsp; to her commanding presence. Dubai serves as&nbsp;&nbsp; a private portable island only the ultra elite can&nbsp; afford. For royalty, nothing but the best will do. Number 6 - Motor/Sailing Yacht A No expense was spared creating this&nbsp;&nbsp; uniquely faceted vessel. Owned by billionaire&nbsp; Russian tycoon Andrey Melnichenko. With its&nbsp;&nbsp; unconventional angular profile resembling&nbsp; a stealth warship, Motor Yacht A measures&nbsp;&nbsp; nearly 400 feet long and provides occasional&nbsp; accommodation for 14 guests across 7 decks. Melnichenko commissioned renowned Blohm + Voss&nbsp; shipyards to construct his dream yacht, delivered&nbsp;&nbsp; after four years of secretive development in 2008.&nbsp; Unverified estimates place the cost near $500&nbsp;&nbsp; million. But for someone of Melnichenko’s&nbsp; financial means, figures hardly matter. Instead of a traditional luxury&nbsp; aesthetic, lead designer Philippe&nbsp;&nbsp; Starck took inspiration from the 1930’s&nbsp; Art Deco movement when conceiving Motor&nbsp;&nbsp; Yacht A’s distinctive interior spaces.&nbsp; The result combines geometrical forms,&nbsp;&nbsp; polished metal finishes, and fluid curved&nbsp; details throughout her chambers. Melnichenko&nbsp;&nbsp; was closely involved in the design process,&nbsp; pushing for something totally original. Powered by twin high-output diesel engines,&nbsp; Motor Yacht A tops 30 knots at full throttle,&nbsp;&nbsp; equally at home crossing oceans or outracing&nbsp; paparazzi. Wherever she appears, dockside crowds&nbsp;&nbsp; stop and point at her unconventional silhouette&nbsp; that rises 14 stories above the waterline. Number 5 - Topaz Constructed by German yard Lürssen&nbsp;&nbsp; in 2012 for Abu Dhabi Royal Sheikh Mansour bin&nbsp; Zayed Al Nahyan. At nearly 500 feet in length and&nbsp;&nbsp; costing an estimated $527 million, Topaz secures a&nbsp; spot among the top five priciest yachts worldwide. The work of designers Tim&nbsp; Heywood and Terence Disdale,&nbsp;&nbsp; Topaz features generous exterior deck spaces&nbsp; perfect for sunbathing and alfresco dining,&nbsp;&nbsp; all spread across eight floors from sea&nbsp; to sky. Inside, up to 25 guests can be&nbsp;&nbsp; accommodated across 12 lavish staterooms,&nbsp; carefully tended by 60 diligent crew members. Topaz offers ample room for owners and their&nbsp; fortunate guests to mix public and private&nbsp;&nbsp; event spaces However they desire. She houses&nbsp; multiple lounges and bars, two pools, spas,&nbsp;&nbsp; movie theatres, and a grand central&nbsp; staircase under a domed atrium over&nbsp;&nbsp; 50 feet high. Twin diesel engines give&nbsp; Topaz transoceanic range and a top speed&nbsp;&nbsp; approaching 25 knots - enough performance&nbsp; for swift changes of scenery when desired. Number 4 - Azzam Now entering the&nbsp;&nbsp; pinnacle of opulent superyachts, at number&nbsp; 4 we find the largest private yacht ever&nbsp;&nbsp; constructed - the 590-foot giant named&nbsp; Azzam. Meticulously crafted by premier&nbsp;&nbsp; German yacht builder Lürssen starting in&nbsp; 2012, Azzam was commissioned by Sheikh&nbsp;&nbsp; Khalifa bin Zayed Al Nayan, President of the&nbsp; United Arab Emirates and Emir of Abu Dhabi. With a reported price near to $600&nbsp; million, Azzam stretches the limits&nbsp;&nbsp; of what is possible with personal yachts.&nbsp; She incorporates many technological firsts&nbsp;&nbsp; like extremely lightweight carbon fiber&nbsp; construction and the latest propulsion&nbsp;&nbsp; and navigation systems. Guests can enjoy&nbsp; a grand saloon, multiple spas and pools,&nbsp;&nbsp; cascading staircases and staterooms able&nbsp; to accommodate over 60 in sublime comfort. Azzam seems to eclipse all rivals in every&nbsp; way. Her top speed exceeds 31 knots thanks&nbsp;&nbsp; to propulsion power unrivaled on the seas -&nbsp; 36 megawatt turbines outputting over 64,000&nbsp;&nbsp; horsepower, more thrust than a Space Shuttle&nbsp; launch! Clearly Sheikh Al Nayan invested&nbsp;&nbsp; top dollar to guarantee Azzam's reign as the&nbsp; ultimate superyacht flagship for decades to come. The fortunate owner can roam the oceans protected&nbsp; by layers of security in total privacy. After all,&nbsp;&nbsp; what is the purpose of great wealth if not&nbsp; assurance of complete peace? Azzam delivers&nbsp;&nbsp; this promise on a nearly incomprehensible&nbsp; scale. Wherever she enters port, all other&nbsp;&nbsp; vessels, structures and people become&nbsp; relatively insignificant by comparison. Number 3 - Streets of Monaco Now into the billion-dollar sector,&nbsp;&nbsp; at number 3 we find the under-construction&nbsp; superyacht Streets of Monaco. Measuring over&nbsp;&nbsp; 570 feet in length when complete, this&nbsp; $1 billion aquatic showcase conception&nbsp;&nbsp; of Yacht Island Design will mimic actual&nbsp; city streets and landmarks of Monaco. Guests will feel as if they are perusing Monte&nbsp; Carlo and the Grand Prix supercar circuit,&nbsp;&nbsp; all while enjoying the ultimate luxury amenities.&nbsp; The upper decks will house lavish lounges,&nbsp;&nbsp; cocktail bars, infinity pools&nbsp; and open air spaces to relax,&nbsp;&nbsp; dine and party. For recreation, full-sized&nbsp; golf greens and tennis courts are planned. Below decks, living quarters for 16&nbsp; elite guests will be finished to the&nbsp;&nbsp; highest standards of comfort, technology and&nbsp; taste. Crew facilities will accommodate over&nbsp;&nbsp; 70 staff members that cater to owners'&nbsp; every need regardless of the hour. Yes,&nbsp;&nbsp; Streets of Monaco will blend transportation&nbsp; with entertainment in an unprecedented way. No expense will be spared, from the genuine&nbsp; Formula 1 cars owner can race around the deck, to&nbsp;&nbsp; the swarovski crystal-studded jacuzzi, champagne&nbsp; bar and helicopter landing pad. Advanced dynamic&nbsp;&nbsp; positioning and GPS hybrid drive systems will&nbsp; enable her to remain stationary without anchors. Slated for unveiling in 2024, this&nbsp; billion-dollar vessel aims to redefine&nbsp;&nbsp; the limits of what is possible in&nbsp; a privately owned superyacht. For&nbsp;&nbsp; the ultra-wealthy designers of Streets&nbsp; of Monaco, only their imaginations set&nbsp;&nbsp; boundaries. She will undoubtedly turn&nbsp; heads wherever she eventually sails. Number 2 - Eclipse Occupying the number two spot is the grand&nbsp;&nbsp; superyacht Eclipse, owned by Russian billionaire&nbsp; and industrial tycoon Roman Abramovich.&nbsp;&nbsp; Constructed in 2010 by the esteemed German&nbsp; shipyard Blohm + Voss, Eclipse measures over&nbsp;&nbsp; 550 feet long and reportedly cost Mr. Abramovich&nbsp; $1.5 billion, more than the GDP of some nations! Yes, no expense was spared designing Eclipse&nbsp; as the ultimate personal luxury liner. Some&nbsp;&nbsp; highlights include 24 elegantly appointed&nbsp; guest cabins that can welcome over 90 crew&nbsp;&nbsp; and visitors across vast deck spaces and saloons.&nbsp; She also features two swimming pools, hot tubs,&nbsp;&nbsp; a private cinema, beauty salon, spa, and of&nbsp; course, a helicopter hangar and landing pad. The nine-deck master suite spans two entire&nbsp; levels and is completely bulletproof,&nbsp;&nbsp; with armored plating and panels throughout.&nbsp; Eclipse was also the first private yacht to&nbsp;&nbsp; install an intruder detection system&nbsp; with missile countermeasures! She can&nbsp;&nbsp; accommodate parties of nearly 100&nbsp; thanks to enormous interior volume. Powered by four MTU diesel engines, Eclipse&nbsp; reaches over 20 knots despite her tremendous&nbsp;&nbsp; size and weight. Yes, she provides Roman&nbsp; Abramovich with his own portable private&nbsp;&nbsp; island able to spirit him away in secrecy&nbsp; and safety to any ocean destination. Number 1 - History Supreme Though not the largest in size,&nbsp;&nbsp; her lavish use of precious metals throughout make&nbsp; her the priciest private yacht ever sold at an&nbsp;&nbsp; astonishing $4.8 billion dollars! Conceived and&nbsp; constructed by UK luxury designer Stuart Hughes,&nbsp;&nbsp; she was built for an anonymous Malaysian&nbsp; businessman who clearly valued exclusivity. Let's consider what exactly $4 billion can&nbsp; buy. The entire base of History Supreme is&nbsp;&nbsp; formed from 10,000 kilograms of&nbsp; solid gold. The master bedroom&nbsp;&nbsp; includes wall art made from meteoric&nbsp; stone and genuine dinosaur bone! A&nbsp;&nbsp; platinum coated Monopoly board with diamond&nbsp; playing pieces also graces the interior. Throughout her spaces, surfaces are coated&nbsp; with precious metals - 100 million-year-old&nbsp;&nbsp; Northumberland platinum, meteorite slices,&nbsp; gold flakes and accents. Even mundane&nbsp;&nbsp; features like door hinges, tap handles and&nbsp; stunt rails are fashioned from platinum,&nbsp;&nbsp; gold and silver. No detail or material was&nbsp; too precious for use somewhere onboard. Without question, no private yacht rivals the&nbsp; sheer decadence and value of History Supreme.&nbsp;&nbsp; She fulfills the elite notion that anything can be&nbsp; built, regardless of cost, if one simply wills it.&nbsp;&nbsp; Her sheer extravagance has cemented her place as&nbsp; the undisputed champion of luxury vessels. Yes,&nbsp;&nbsp; she is a golden symbol representing mankind's&nbsp; limitless appetite for ever greater opulence.

  Top Comments:
  1. @EliteLuxury1 [21 likes]: Please subscribe to our new channel to continue watching luxury videos, as we’re not allowed to post new videos on this channel until further notice.
https://youtube.com/@paragonluxe?si=97jjRB8Fg1Ibbp5q
  2. @professfuckerQueens [1 likes]: Inside The $9,000,000,000 Most Insanely Expensive Yachts
  3. @AbdellahBenina [1 likes]: 🇦🇷💞🇧🇷💞🇫🇷💞🇵🇰💞🇪🇸💞🇹🇷💞🇨🇭💞💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💞💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💞💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💞💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💞💞💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎
  4. @AngelInTheCloudz [1 likes]: GREED at its finest.
  5. @Gillozz: Not a single day i would trade my life for this
  6. @claudemaley2260: Meanwhile, BILLIONS are close to starvation across the planet!! WHEN will these Narcissists ever think one minute about the plight of the world population. Disgusting opulence
  7. @عبدالحيجاهمي: زوج ملاير دولار وست مائة مليار دولار كاش بضبط 💵💵سميربن عيسى بضبط
  8. @Mark-h1i3k: AI at its best.
  9. @jondoyle4398: Started out impressively,   then it turned obscene,  some disgustingly selfish people on this Earth ?
  10. @mayamoimayamoi5215: someday there'll be memory implants that will make a person feel they're living this life without having to live it.
  11. @michellescarborough16: No matter what it cost, it still can sink!  This is all about ego's. This doesn't impress me at all. What impresses me is what is priceless and doesn't cost a thing. You figure that one out.
  12. @blidzshon1966: I wonder how many of these people were regular at Little Saint-James, or whose name are on certain files... These guys bought their little own paradise to avoid the hellish society they build when gathering at the WEF. Those yatchs are magnificent, yet pure obscene luxury, this is sickening
  13. @vukasnerma4126: I would love to be a simple millionaire, enjoying life in a simple way. if you know the low points.
  14. @nancyhogue4345: does Donald Trump own one of these?
  15. @fredscott857: Intelligent people.........if you believe you have received ❤ Beautiful
  16. @stayhumble4ever: And we get side eyes when we want a family car..
  17. @GeraghtyAD51: History has always had absurd wealth concentrated in a small fraction of 1% of the population. As unfortunate as it is, no human civilization or form of government has overcome this.
  18. @steveskonberg1599: 9 billion? I don’t think so.
  19. @Dechantel-v8d: These are simply breathtaking I didn't know Africa was poor every country has gold and diamonds mines America has banks ❤❤😂
  20. @AlcidesUrriola-m7o: No LOVE lomo

- Luxury yacht world attempts to become more eco-friendly: Kind: captions Language: en through the course of the 30 some-odd years I've been running large yachts I've seen a difference in the oceans I've seen what what we are doing through the oceans through plastics and emissions and all sorts of different pollutants into the ocean and into the air so having made my living my entire life at sea I feel that now is the time for me to try to do everything I can to help change all of that and even if I change it just a little bit or help just a little bit I feel that I will have been successful the yachting industry is a huge economic engine we generate a lot of jobs a lot of money there there are a lot of good things that we generate and in that we just have to be good stewards of our environment and I think what I'd like to see is more education on how we can help the oceans and how we can help the scientists and how we can we can move this forward at a very rapid pace and I think each person that learns something like that and we can do that at the show and through the shows I think that's a very important thing we're trying to be very conscious of the environment and also like we talked about before we've got everything we're using on our cocktail barges is recyclable so there's not plastic cups and plastic straws none of that so we're trying to you know lead the way a little bit there because the events are gonna have to do that it's now through these crews and awareness of working with both captain's owners and the crews themselves they're seeing the damage that marine environment is being put under through plastics so they actively want to do something therefore they're often the the catalyst for putting change on your owners saying can we invest more in plastic bottles that we can reuse as opposed to single-use water bottles are we going to use water bottles that are made of plastic or cellulose that is biodegradable and breaks down in the marine environment over time so you've got multiple angles of the yachting industry that are all trying their best to make a difference and it's been phenomenal progress in the last decade I'm coming head [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @stanhootzz1904 [1 likes]: And there are now 3 BILLION without CLEAN drinking water....hows them "SUPER_DOOPER_DOOMSDAY Shelters" 
protected by ~Artificially Intelligent_DRONES/ROBOTS going there ONE PERCENT????...
  2. @scdhl3305: None of those are luxury Yachts those are just average peoples ships in the harbor - go look at the real luxury Yachts owned by the elite.
I smell some fuckary going on here

- Yacht industry works toward an eco-friendly future: Kind: captions Language: en through the course of the 30 some-odd years I've been running large yachts I've seen a difference in the oceans I've seen what we are doing through the oceans through plastics and emissions and all sorts of different pollutants into the ocean and into the air we're trying to be very conscious of the environment everything we're using on our cocktail barges is recyclable so there's not plastic cups and plastic straws none of that so we're trying to you know lead the way a little bit there because the events are gonna have to do that so you've got multiple angles of the yachting industry that are all trying their best to make a difference and it's been phenomenal progress in the last decade and in views and and coverage of such stories can help really get the message out and show people that small changes can make a huge difference

- My Honest Advice on How to get into the Yachting Industry: Kind: captions Language: en getting into the yachting industry has completely changed my life the career change has brought amazing relationships once in a lifetime opportunities and surprisingly good finances but it all started with my desire to travel when I was in college I decided I wanted to travel full-time and since I couldn't afford to build my own boat at the time yach didn't seem like a good idea so the day after I graduated college I went down to Fort Lauderdale Florida did all my training got on a brand new stateof the our 80m charter yacht called excellent 6 all within 1 month over the next few years I traveled through the Mediterranean and the Caribbean taking care of high-profile guests like Bill Gates Chris Jenner and a lot of Russian billionaires you've probably never heard of I was even invited to be part of the hit reality TV show below de saling yacht which profiles the hidden dramas and lifestyles of the crew who work on these luxury Yachts I now own my own yacht which is crazy to say and I'm currently traveling around the world aboard it and I still take breaks to work in the yacht charter industry so this is one topic that I actually feel very qualified to help you with after being on the show the question that I get asked all the time is how do I get into the audient industry so today once and for all I'm going to answer that question and any other questions you may have or don't know that you're going to have and I'm going to run through a lot but just stick with me because it's actually super easy and you can do this so how do you actually do it the first thing you're going to need is your stcw it stands for standards of training and certificate of watchkeeping the international Maritime organization requires that all working seafarers have this training so you're going to need it so as soon as you finish watching this video book that course because it's your first step it's actually a really fun course it teaches you the basics of first aid and life saving you're going to learn CPR firefighting and you get to jump into a life raft wearing these sweet Gumby like survival suits news flash if you're in the middle of the ocean and there's a medical emergency or God forbid there's a fire you're the first responder and it's part of your job to be able to handle it the stcw certificate lasts for 5 years and after that you're going to need to do a refresher course the next step is to get yourg one this is basically a physical to ensure that you're in fit working condition to be aboard the Y it's nothing to worry about super easy exam the doctor's going to listen to your heart and lungs they're going to take your blood pressure they're going to ask you questions about your medical history including drinking and smoking tell them you're healthy and they'll take a urine sample to test for kidney function don't worry it's not a drug test the one thing that actually slips a lot of people up is the color blind test so before you spend any money on these qualifications find out if you're at all color blind cuz you might be surprised further education it should be noted that you don't need a college degree to get into the yachting industry but if you do have one it's probably going to help you get on a better boat because it just gives you that extra layer honestly the best thing to have on your CV that's a resume if you don't know is lifeguard water sports carpentry Plumbing electrical child care service industry physical therapist masseuse and if you speak more than one language you're going to stand out remember they're not just hiring you to clean dishes the best V are looking for well-rounded personable individuals to take care of highing clients every need and if anyone ever asks you why you want to work in Charter it's not because you want to make money it's because you love fast-paced work environments and you love taking care of people as far as further yacht training to get your first job you don't need anything else but I do have some recommendations to help you make your chances better for de can you're going to want to get your powerboat level two well technically you're going to get level one and two it's a basic theoretical and practical training for how to maneuver power boats it only cost a couple hundred the course takes two days typically and it's actually a lot of fun I got to do mine in Fort Lauderdale and we actually drove a pretty sweet boat through the canals practiced docking and we tested on the rules of the road so to speak which way do you turn when there's a boat on a collision course with you what do these markers mean etc etc good yacht programs are going to want to know that you can operate the tender safely I've driven tenders worth over a million dollar filled with guests worth over a billion dollars so it's kind of a big deal this certificate is one way for you to help yourself stand out from the crowd when trying to get that first job and trust me you don't want to learn how to drive the tender for the first time in front of your whole crew for engineers you can go for aec1 and two aec stands for Approved engine course it'll basically expand your knowledge on the maintenance and the service of engines on board it's typically a Hands-On course lasts about a week and is relatively easy to get through I've actually completed this course as a deck hand because a specific yacht wanted me to for the Manning requirements of the vessel and I can say it's a really fun course super easy too for steart s's the equivalent is the Silver Service courses you don't need them to get a job but having the certificate will help you get a better job faster Silver Service 1 and2 is super affordable and it only takes a couple days to complete it'll teach you about how to deliver high-end service to your guest you'll cover topics like the terminology me and plus how to set up a Beach barbecue table decorations religious considerations when serving and a lot more even if you've worked in a high-end restaurant you're coming from the service industry these courses are still a really good idea and you're less likely to piss off your Chief stew once you get to that first job I can also recommend the course for basic housekeeping and laundry trust me it's way more complicated than you think again these aren't requirements but you can go so far as to take courses for basic bartending uh plant maintenance and floristry and cigar service and wine appreciation a lot of these courses are fun but don't get stuck in this Loop of doing all this training before you apply for your first job on a good boat your head of Department can teach you most of this on the fly a lot of yachting is fake it until you make it all right where to do it so the first thing you need to understand is although some Yachts are World touring these Expedition Yachts are rare and more difficult to land a job on when you're first getting started out most Charter Yachts operate two seasons one in the Mediterranean between May and October and one in the Caribbean between November and April that being said although there's lots of places to do your training the best three places are Fort Lauderdale Florida on tebs France and Palma Spain these three locations are going to house everything you need from training facilities to crew houses to crew agencies and lots of busy Charter Yachts who are always hiring where you go for your training is obviously going to depend on your current location your passport limitations price and which Charter season is approaching but I can tell you from my own experience that Fort Lauderdale Florida is an amazing place to land a great high paying position on the charter yacht and the best time to be applying for jobs in Fort Lauderdale is either April May or November December regardless of where you're going in these three locations I can recommend using Bluewater training as a resource I'm in no way sponsored with them but having used three different training facilities I can honestly say that the price and the experience for Blue Water is topnotch Blue Water offers all the course that I've mentioned and they have a crew placement agency to help you get your first job bonus help if you're going to Fort Lauderdale Florida I can recommend Mary's crew house as a cheap place to stay and network with other yachties there's not too much party in there so it's a good one and you're going to need to go to HMC Maritime clinic to get your eg1 it's the only place visas if by chance you are American congratulations you have landed the golden ticket passport in yachting don't waste it otherwise please look into the requirements for work visas in many cases Landing a yacht job will help you get a B1 B2 but sometimes the Visas can take a long time so please look into it because getting this visa and crossing the work visa hurdles might help you get a job because you've already gone through the process how much does it cost to get in really quickly the stcw is going to cost you about ,000 to $1,500 and the additional courses that are recommended like Silver Service or power power boat level two it's going to cost you $2 to3 $400 and your egg1 is likely going to cost you about $150 you're also obviously going to need to budget a little bit more for your lodging in a crew house your transportation and your food while you are trying to get that first job and while you're doing your training but if you are day workking on boats you can help offset that cost a little bit but we'll talk about that more in a second what's the best boat to get on to answer this question you're going to need to be a little bit honest with yourself you see there's two types of people who get into the yting industry those who want to travel and make a lot of money and work their butts off and those people who have seen below deck and just want to have a big party as a general rule of thumb motor Yachts have bigger Crews and probably stricter rules than sailing Yachts but every boat is different if you work on a 55- ft catamaran in the bbis you're probably going to have a crew of two to three you're going to Charter frequently work your butt off probably make pretty good money but you're also going to have more relaxed rules and lifestyle because there just not as much of a hierarchy there's not as much of a crew to enforce those rules if you work on an 80 M super yacht you're going to Charter a little less frequently still working all the time but you're going to have a crew of 25 to 40 people maybe you're going to make a lot of freaking money but there's going to be a lot of rules and it's very unlikely that you're going to be allowed to party it up in the hot tub when the guest off you see there's tradeoffs a crew of 30 means if one person is a complete casserole then it's not so hard to live with them because there's so many people around but if there's a crew of six and you don't get along with someone it's going to ruin the job for you in a smaller crew you're going to have more responsibility and freedom you're going to do everything whether that's a good thing or not is up to you and up to your personality on a big boat with a crew of 30 people or 100 people you're going to have a more compartmentalized job on some of the big Yachts a deck hand might only be responsible for cleaning one deck like main deck aft and there's definitely going to be a stewards who's only in charge of laundry sometimes two one piece of blanket advice I can give though is don't work on a private yacht private yachts work just as hard as Charter Yachts most of the time but there's no Charter tips and in the charter industry Charter tips can account for the large majority of your pet I have heard of some private vessels that have really nice owners and the owners aren't on as much so there's more of a relaxed schedule and there's more of this like family kind of environment so that might be for you if you still want to have some kind of landbased schedule or maybe you're you know not really into the hustle and bustle of Charter but trust me chartering although it can be so difficult it is really rewarding and the money is awesome so speaking of money let's talk about pay the yachting industry pays so well that I wish I didn't go to college like legitimately it's surprisingly good Google will tell you that the average yacht salary for a junior crew is 3,000 to 3500 a month but if you get on a good boat it can be a lot more it should be said that it depends on where the boat is if you are yachting in Australia you're not going to get paid as much as if you are yachting in the Mediterranean or the Caribbean it's just a fact my starting salary as a junior deckhand with no experience was 4500 a month with a promise that every 6 months we would get a $500 raise so after a year it was 5,500 a month additionally chter tips are usually about 20% of the charter price of the yacht split evenly throughout the crew that means the deck hand and the stewards get the exact same share as the captain the chief stew the first mate to give an example I once did a 12-day charter in St Barts and everyone on the crew was tipped1 13,300 and we were all given a gift Midway through the chter I was literally told to run ashore and spend $3,500 as quickly as I could as a Christmas gift from the chter guest this was tiered so the chief stew and the first officer got way bigger gifts than me but it was still pretty awesome I got a Caribbean exclusive tag watch by the way and the chief officer got got a lot of Louis Vuitton it was freaking awesome so safe to say the pay is pretty good not to mention you have no living expenses if you're smart all of your food comes to you and it's like steak and lobster and you have no rent you have no car payment you can literally live for free and save 100% of your income if you wanted to many people can go into the yadaan industry travel and legitimately save away $100,000 in just one year so it doesn't really have to be a long-term career for you this is something that you could do for a year or two and really get yourself ahead in life okay is it like below deck this is a tough one because it's a yes and it's a no below deck isn't scripted it's very much real but it is edited they don't show you the 3 hours that I spent washing dishes every night because that would be boring the biggest difference I can say is that cursing at your boss getting in fights at work hooking up with crew eccentric guest it all exists in the yachting industry in real life but it's not exactly prevalent and it's certainly not tolerated for very long the first year that I worked on Excellence 6 I had 3 days off and the entire year and never hooked up with crew I saved all my money and I would always respond to my superiors which was everyone on the crew saying yes sir yes ma'am it would be my pleasure and if people ask me to jump I'd say how high that is what is expected in the yting industry some boats do allow the crew to party on the boat have fun it exist but some don't at all the guests are a little different too although some guests can be very demanding and eccentric on most boats I imagine that the reality TV aspect of below deck and the fact that you're being filmed on your vacation attracts a little bit different of a clientele and my experience with yachting on really big boats people pay that much money because they just want privacy and quiet so generally the guest behavior is a little different are tattoos allowed I think that I am living proof that you can work in the yachting industry with tattoos that being said I have had to wear sleeves to cover up my tattoos to work on some boats and some boats just won't hire we have a guest who's going to help me finish the rest of the video by the way but what I was saying is that clean cut classy look is really important to some chter guest this is a really high-end industry so you have to be honest with yourself if you've got a nose piercing a lot of ear piercings you need to take them out for interviews you probably need to take them off at the workplace and if you have visible tattoos it is going to limit you in some ways but if I can do it you can do it just be aware of this as you're looking forward to getting into the yacht industry it might not be the time to get that cute little pineapple on on your wrist just just hold off on it Landing the job okay so you're either in Fort Lauderdale on tbes or Palma and you've done all your training and it's time to land the job this is where the work comes in you simply need to get yourself out there network network network sign up with multiple crew agencies as the first thing this is a service that the boat actually pays for in exchange for qualified candidates from the crew agency so if you sign up for these crew agencies they're going to learn about who you are what type of job you're looking for remember you're looking for a busy Charter program and then they're going to help place you into some jobs that being said you can't rely on the crew agencies you also have to get out there yourself if the crew agency lands you an interview you're going to stay in the city so that you can do that interview in person and you're going to show up wearing a collared shirt your hair back clean as a whistle and a belt and shorts boat shoes looking the part you're going to be very respectful because manners go a long way in the charter industry there's also a lot of Facebook groups that post job listings in pretty much every location in the world for Charter Yachts some boats don't want to pay the fee to crew agencies a lot of the listings that you'll see on there post the position they talk about the experience needed any certificates that they're looking for they post the pay they talk about how big the crew size is they tell you the programs uh schedule so if nothing else it's good to peruse all these Facebook groups and figure out what's out there but join all the groups reply to all of them call the chief stes call the first officers and try to set interviews for yourself the next thing you're going to do is you're going to print out a stack of your CVS with copies of all of your certificates from your yacht training and business cards for your contact then you're going to walk down the dock and talk to yach crew and ask them if they're hiring doc talking is definitely the most intimidating part of the getting a job process but it's necessary and I promise you it works I have been working on the back of Yachts when crew came up presented their CV and I have seen people land a job this way so it's not BS you should do it just remember to be polite be friendly and hide your crazy because the yacht crew that you give your CV to are going to assess you and they're going to decide whether they want to work with you or live with you and they're the ones who decide if the captain gets your CV or if the trash can gets your CV finally go after day work you need to walk down the docks and look for boats that just need an extra hand for a day 2 days maybe a week you're going to get those jobs you're going to get paid a day rate which is often really good like a couple hundred a day and you're going to work your butt off and then immediately add that experience even if it's just one day on a tiny little center console boat you're going to add that experience to your CV and you're going to add the captain as a reference this is going to show chter boats who look at your CV and it's going to show the crew agency that you're serious about this you're actively working in the yacht industry this is what you do you work on boats and you work hard as far as the CV goes there's lots of online resources for how to create a perfect CV the format what to say on there and there's examples of other people's CVS so go through that spend a lot of time on it because trust me people are going to look at it in depth also don't worry about not having any experience a lot of big boats actually prefer to hire unexperienced green crew because it means that they could mold them the way that they want to one of the worst things to hear on a boat is one of your co-workers says that's not how we did it on our last boat so embrace the fact that you're green and say on your CV that you are a quick learner you respect your authorities oh also that you take Direction well that's a good one some other Sound Advice that I don't hear a lot of people giving is be picky when you get that first job offer you're going to want to take it but just remember there's lots of boats in the sea and you're interviewing them too this isn't like most jobs it might not be like any job you've ever worked on with this job you live with your co-workers you are literally with your captain and your crew 24/7 so if somebody doesn't get along with you it's going to ruin the experience for you wait for a job where you get along with the crew and you like the pay because I promise they're out there I'm going to give you a bonus tip and that is save your money yachting is notorious for lifestyle creep see when you're working with billionaires and Millionaires and you see this lavish lifestyle of designer handbags and rxes and Beach Clubs it happens to so many people in the yachting industry that you get that big fat Charter tip and you've got that cash in your pocket and you're somewhere amazing and you spend all of it don't let that happen to you stay on the boat go for dollar beers eat the crew food save your money because no matter how optimistic you are the honest truth is that yachting isn't a long-term career for most people a lot of people go all the way they become Chief stews they become psers first officers captains and you can make a lifelong career of this but what is most likely is that it's just a couple years long chapter for you so make sure that when you walk away from it if you walk away from it you can because you have a big old savings account full of that money I hope that was helpful for you and I hope that you feel encouraged to go get a yacht job because truly you can do it anyone can do this and it's going to be a life-changing experience for you it is a once in a-lifetime opportunity and it's going to te show you all kinds of amazing people you're G to make some great money it's going to change your life for the better I believe if you stuck around to the end of the video please hit that subscribe button for me because it helps me out a lot and after all all this advice was free and I'm sweating my butt off here in the Dominican Republic trying to make this video for you so I appreciate it any additional questions just drop them below and if you're in the yachting industry and you have other pieces of advice other nuggets that might help other people something you might wish you would have known before you started put them in the comments too all right good luck guys you can do it

  Top Comments:
  1. @ДмитрийМельниченко-г3м [1 likes]: Very interesting video. Today I was in BlueWater Antibes, and they also advised me to start with day work. Without experience it’s a little hard 😅. In fact, this is an interesting field of activity and it is worth the effort.
  2. @oliviahouse9112: Amazing advice. Thank you so much
  3. @hereforthememories7596: How about if I cant go to thos Marinas? I'm from the Philippines.. Are there alternative pathways? Thanks in advance!
  4. @AnamaraLupu-y6f: So, I am not from the yachting industry, i come from resort entertainment. The pay is not so great, and this year I am trying to land a better paying position. I had an interview just the other day, for shore excursions hostess (you don't live on the yacht, they just have partnerships to help guests of luxury hotels sail the aegean), but the pay is kinda low like 1100 eur/ month, some meals covered by the hotel (those are poor quality for staff) and restaurants they have partnerships with on shore, and the tips are paid after 6 months and only if you finish the contract. Doesn't seem ok to me, even if the company has a good reputation, u are still at the mercy of the captain or management to pay your tips. Tips should be paid immediately, or end of month the most. I don't know if I think correctly, but after listening to you, seems is not ok paid.
  5. @houstonluc: Awesome video!!!! Thank you!
  6. @AlwinThomas-u8q: I am a deck cadet from India with a BSc Nautical Science degree, so for me to get into sailing in yacht from the commercial shipping, How would the exact journey look like. Is it better to pursue Yachting before commercial shipping experience as a navigation officer or after experience .
  7. @gabornicu7058: What is the age limit?
  8. @___lazadcaprio: Thanks man, awesome video!!
  9. @bhagwanmahar9537: Can you tell me how to apply I have got good experience  I have been working  in cruise ship
  10. @Spearheaded01: Question: If i have my seamans book from Philippines, do i qualify to get those trainings ?
  11. @viorels88: I am ordinary seaman and also I have a class in fitness,can you give me an email adress to send my cv please?
  12. @s14vko: You missed out UK, as far as deckhand goes and dealing with rough seas right out of the gate is critical to throw you in the deep end. 

Strong currents, tides, rain, winds, and the unpredictable factor is huge. 

If you can make it in North Sea and Atlantic ocean you should be able to handle most world locations when it comes to craft handling and unpredictability.  

I did this and do not regret it one bit.
  13. @BoomBoxITisyourchannel: Hi Sir, i saw your video and i loved this career.. i am currently working in cargo ships as Electro Technical Officer.. i have total 8 years experience.. how can i join your industry.. kind guide.. 
love from india to you sir🇮🇳
  14. @FirstLast-lh9iu: Isn’t the first step getting a TWIC card, followed by getting an MMC passport?
  15. @TheQueenElle: Great Video
  16. @vicmclaglen1631: Lol, I read on Reddit that Mary of the aforementioned crewhouse is batshit insane.
  17. @rossvaneeden8765: Hey Chase I’m about to do my yacht course would u say that people get the first chater pretty easy or does it take a long time before u get a job
  18. @jordaness9480: Hey  Chase how long dit it take you to finish your STWC and the rest of your Courses.
  19. @alexwfit: Super competitive industry
  20. @realralph6889: Dope video!

- New Yachting Rules for the US, Superyacht in Miami, FLIBS 2015 & much more: Kind: captions Language: en today's headlines new rules and regulations for all yacht owners starting from 2016 flips 2015 is coming up the Gibbs Terra quad UTV and the pooris super yacht docked in Miami it's October 28th and this is Morgan with your daily Marine news you would be mistaken to think that earning maintaining and lounging around on a multi-million dollar super yard is all smooth sailing because strict new environmental regulations mean that all large yards built from next year onwards will have to carry huge equipment on board to help curb pollution from toxic gases vessels longer than 79 ft and weighing more than 500 tons that enter us Waters after January 1st will have to be fitted with gear that can convert nitrogen oxides into nitrogen and water the change means that all large yards near North America or the US Caribbean will need to reduce sulfur and nitrogen oxide emissions by nearly 80% there are some great new designs on show at Fort Lauderdale which starts next week enjoy a taste of what you can see up on berer Avenue powered by a 1.3 l 4 cylinder BMW bike engine that generates 140 horsepower on water the Gibbs terraquad is an amphibious utility terrain vehicle which can achieve speeds of 50 mph on land and 45 mph hour in water it's one of the company's first vehicles to offer side by-side seating at the push of a button it can transform from Land toward a vehicle in less than 5 Seconds pretty cool right The Beautiful Beast before you is the P super yacht currently docked in downtown Miami near the American Airlines Arena this was snapped by Jason Speck it's the 19th largest luxury yach in existence and the owner is DreamWorks co-founder David geffin who purchased the Sleek boat from irana Abramovich for $300 million in 2011 thank you for watching and don't forget to visit boatshow avenue.com for more Marine news

- Buying your FIRST YACHT?? 7 TIPS from a Super Yacht Broker: Kind: captions Language: en hey guys how you doing today it's nick cardozo with mr yachts we're down here in sunset harbor marina in miami beach i was emailing with a client last night topics you should consider when you're buying a boat and i thought i'd make a good video topic uh i wanted to share with everybody so basically yeah i printed out the email and i want to go over some some points so if you're ever thinking about buying a boat or upgrading into a new one i think these are some of the questions you want to ask yourself going into buying a boat since it's such a big purchase i think each one of these topics they could be their own video so let me know if you want me to go into like a deep dive into each one of these because i mean frankly i could i could talk about this stuff almost all i mean i do talk about it all day uh any of these topics that you want to like know more about please let me know in the comments you know there's a lot of aspects to buying a boat you know you've got the financing part of it you've got the shopping part of it you've got the ownership part of it you know the usage part of it the most fun part is why you buy a boat so number one i would say that like when you when you're buying a boat when you're shopping for a boat you know consider that like boats are mission specific right so if you want to go fishing you're gonna buy a fishing boat you know if you want to do cruising you want to buy something that's going to have a lot of cabins that's comfortable has a lot of volume and if you're going to be day boating you know you want something with a lot of open deck space to entertain and you won't be worried to to get the boat wet so you know visit the sand bar or whatever you want to do so you know there's different types of boats everybody knows plenty of different types of boats but try to think about like what is your goal how do you see yourself on your boat out on the water right more so than going over the different types of boats with you because we could go over fly bridge and you know uh express boats and all that but try to put yourself in the frame of mind of what are you going to be doing on the boat are you going to be pulling up to the restaurants with it are you going to be entertaining clients friends family do you plan on doing a lot of water sports do you need a lot of storage are you going to be spending overnight on the boat ever so for example last year i sold a boat to a client who it was this first boat it was a 72-footer so it's a pretty big boat for your first boat but in the end we found out that you know the boat suited him in many aspects but but lacked in other places right so it's a great day boat for example to have a 72 foot fly bridge here in miami because you've got all that upper deck space but for a long-term cruiser for something like going to the bahamas and not so much you run out of space there's not enough storage on the boat you know you want to be able to you know have your water toys places to store them and enough enough crew cabins so that everybody's comfortable on board people always want to move up in boats but bigger is not necessarily better either so that's why i said put yourself in that frame of mind there's no there's no right answer to this it's just that's just one of the things i want you to think about when you're when you're shopping right is you know what am i going to use my boat for that's it all right one of the most important things about buying a boat is obviously going to be the budget how much can you spend on a boat how much can you throw down for the boat and how much is going to cost you to own it well there's a lot of different factors at play here you could even put the boat into a charter program and offset your costs we can talk about that in another video coming up because that's its own segment for sure i could actually sell you a boat for free but we'll talk about that later getting back to the costs we talk about market value depreciation how fast the depreciation curve is when it starts to flatten out cost of ownership you've got to consider things like crew marina insurance maintenance you know and then you've got your variable costs but you know you basically want to buy a boat that's hopefully ahead of the depreciation curve now the market will bear what the market will bear for the seller but you know for the buyer you know you want to try to get the best deal as possible like you know considering all factors involved right and again that's where like a a good broker can add value you know which is another video like that i'll go more in depth with the things that we like really look at like how to negotiate the price better but you know hopefully you create a relationship with somebody maybe it's me uh that can you know steer you the right way through the buying process of a boat so that ultimately you're happy with your purchase as a broker right like i don't want people to be unhappy you know by getting themselves in over their head on a boat that they can't afford in the end you know because it's a million dollar bow but it costs them you know a million and a half a year to run you know what i'm saying like that's that's not cool you know what i'm saying my job as a broker is to advise somebody in the right way and give good advice hey yeah like that's a cheaper boat out of pocket but you know up front but like you know the cost to own that boat is is gonna like put you in a bad place or you know i mean you're gonna in a resentful way what i try to explain to people when they're buying a boat is like look your budget's your budget and and i go through you know a whole budgeting thing with with the client like if you like want to keep it 10 out of 10 like this is how much it's probably gonna cost you if you want to you know keep a seven out of ten yeah you could run it with a skeleton crew and maybe shave 20 to 30 off that annual running cost but you know in the end you're gonna end up paying for it so you know it's one of those things that's like you might as well just pay for it and enjoy having a beautiful boat instead of like not paying for it and then kind of having like a ratty mediocre boat and then having to like shell it out at the end just so someone who buys it ends up with a brand new boat again you know what i'm saying it's like through the lifetime of owning the boat you know you want to enjoy your yacht so take care of your yacht some of those things hurt like wax jobs and bottom painting and stuff but like you know you got to take care of the boat one of the next things um you know that i think is very important when you're shopping for a boat is condition and condition right real estate is location location yachts are condition condition now there's two ways to approach this right you could buy a boat that needs work and you can put the work into it and you can get that boat for a really good price but if you buy a turnkey boat you're there you know what i'm saying like time is money right like it's not really because time is time and you can't buy that but you know you don't want to waste your time either i'm i'm a yachty enthusiast i'm going to do it again i love boats for me to buy a project boat that makes more sense because that's my life there's a lot of people who are busy though so they don't really want to manage that type of project so like condition right condition condition when you're looking to buy a boat especially if it's like your first boat or even second boat i wouldn't dive into like the project stuff unless you're like yeah i want to do a project you know what i'm saying what i'm trying to say is buy something turnkey that is like your best deal you have no idea how much boats can consume your time even when they're perfect you don't want to get yourself into a good deal because you've got you know this massive boat that you could buy for 50 off and yeah you can deal with the carry cost but you don't really know what you're getting yourself into because you know the boat's 10 years old and the glue they use you know in italy can't withstand the florida temperatures and starts coming apart you've got to redo the entire interior that type of stuff it's just a consideration right i don't think one way is better than the other it's a case-by-case basis right so that's my thoughts on like condition especially if you're new to the game and yachting and and you want to enjoy yachting i would buy something turnkey if you're like me and you just like want to get the best best possible deal and you don't mind putting the time and effort into it then you know go for you know the the project boat that's pennies on the dollar when you're buying a boat i i tend to stick to kind of my own rule of thumb there's different thresholds based on the depreciation that i've kind of like noticed especially with production boats right what does that mean it means that when you buy a new boat right you're paying the msrp minus whatever discount you can get from the dealer and you get you know your warranties and you know your guarantees all that stuff when you buy a new boat and then you go to sell it in a couple of years you're competing with the factory you're basically going to have to give a much better deal than what you paid for because you know the factory can can outsell you by offering their warranty for just like you know 10 or 20 more let's put this in a practical situation right boat msrps for a million bucks right maybe you get a factory discount of 10 so you buy the thing for 900 comes with two years warranty you got a brand new boat nothing wrong with that then you go to sell it in two years well yeah the boat depreciates 10 per year right but you're not going to sell it for 800 it's going to be pretty hard because you know the factory can just say if you shell out another 100 grand we'll get you two years warranty and you get that whole package right so that's where i think the boats and like the the the three to five year range that's your first threshold of like the best deal for a few reasons you've got late model boat it's pretty new still and you're probably gonna get somewhere around 30 off of what the msrp would be you know maybe more it depends the market then you've got like the second threshold which is like what i call like the the value buy coming up on your 10-year mark now these are boats that if you buy them right they're good deals and you can get a good boat for a really good price like a big sky or even neoprene now i don't really ever recommend somebody buy a boat coming up on 10 years because that's generally where like boats need a major overhaul a major refit they replaced everything you can see and everything you can see if you buy a boat that's like seven years old for example you're gonna own the boat probably two to three years that means when you go to sell it you're either gonna have to put the money into it yourself to try to get as much back as you can or you're just gonna have to sell it first you know a crazy cheap price because the guy who's inheriting this is inheriting all the problems with the boat too when you go to buy a boat you're either going to be in that three to five year range because you're gonna own it to two to three years right you're gonna end up selling it at seven years and you'll let someone else deal with that or you buy the boat in the like 10 to 12 year range only if it's had that like major overhaul like refit you're getting an older boat like as long as you're cool with the design of the exterior you get some like timeless design you know then the interior is all brand new that's a good value right so yeah there's a lot of boats coming out of europe like that because they they do a lot of refits over in greece turkey that are cheaper so you know there's tremendous value that you can find especially overseas okay so like moving forward what boat brand do you buy okay so let's just take these into into segments so there's different countries that are well known for for building you know higher quality yachts so for example you know the us build some really high quality odds they built some not high quality yachts the dutch are very well known for building very high quality yachts germans also italy builds some beautiful yachts that being said i don't want to discredit any other brands or countries but there's very fine yachts that come out of you know asia or or turkey for example choi lee's cl line they're building a magnificent product and we did a walkthrough on the clb 88 then i was just i was blown away by it i mean the interior design the everything about the boat i thought was just wonderful but brandt speaking of brands and like when you're shopping around for boats especially in this production line segment of yachting which you know i'd say is like all your brand names like westport bonnetti azimut sun seeker ferretti pershing riva like all these like brand names that you're you're hearing about you want to buy brand names when it comes to boats there's always a market for these right when it comes to resale value especially in the united states you know we come across this that it's kind of hard to move out of a boat without giving a crazy deal to get rid of it because you're competing with you know some of the best best brands in the world that are you know also on the market so that's my thought on brands uh buy pedigree if you can um unless you're just like absolutely in love with the boat and you have to have it and it's such a great deal that you know it doesn't matter what you sell it for after then you can buy one of those [Music] oh i know what i want to talk about hours people want to buy low hours low hours low hours like guy wants to buy a ball it's got like 800 hours instead of the boat that has like fifteen hundred dollars but the guy who buys the boat with eight hundred dollars has to pay for the thousand hour service and has to come out of pocket like 60 grand and he's like what the hell just happened right so the hours on a diesel engine aren't necessarily like they're not gasoline engines people so like thousand hours not really that high the lifespan of a diesel engine especially like you know these good diesel engines they've got a they've got a lifespan upwards of 10 000 hours maybe you know i've seen boats with 15 000 hours on them don't be too afraid of hours on a on a diesel engine because you know maybe the guy was you know taking the boat up you know to new york or new england in the summer and put on like a couple hundred hours extra you know that year so the hours add up but it's like highway miles and and city miles right they're not necessarily the same it's more about how much fuel has gone through the engines but kind of a difficult way to like measure uh the age of an engine so we talk about it in hours but anyway you want to buy a boat that has been recently serviced so you don't have to pay for the service so i don't i don't think that a boat like at 800 hours for example is necessarily as good of a buy as something that has like let's say 1500 hours or 14 that just had the 1500 service on one side you know everyone says yeah well you know when i go to sell the boat everybody's going to want to buy the lower hour bow well hopefully that's why you can get a better deal in the first place right you can leverage the high hours the high hours that aren't really that high to get yourself a better deal in the first place so that when you go to sell it you're not really getting hurt on that aspect so much and you're really just benefiting from the fact that it has higher hours but it's it's an arbitrary number to get to like rebuild phase which is like you know eight thousand ten thousand dollars you know the hours of the engine is important but you know don't be fooled by you know just the low hours and don't pay a higher price for lower hours so ask yourself when you're buying a boat are you buying this boat with the intention of moving up into another boat like when you're considering buying a boat you got to know the business like some of my clients get this right like they'll buy boat like it's like yeah whatever it's like whatever boat but they get into it for a good price they're chartering the thing out they basically don't pay anything for the boat because when they sell it like they've made all the money back there's also like a business aspect of it where like you can actually like people like oh the best that you own a boat is like the day you buy it the day you sell it well yeah like if you don't really use your boat that much and if you don't really understand the business and you bought it like because you know one day you thought it was a good idea to buy a boat right that's probably the wrong way to go about buying a boat i think like i could sit down with you and like really go over numbers and like make each purchase at least somewhat make sense right to to a certain extent like as much as you want it to make sense like we could buy a boat for free really um you know if if we put it in the charter program and we manage it properly and just couple sacrifices there blackout dates and stuff but generally speaking like you got to know the business like if you know if you're gonna buy a boat are you buying it so just so you can have boat you know get in and out of boats cheaply with minimal damage that's like one mentality or are you buying like it's my one and only i love this boat i'm gonna buy it and keep it in the family forever you know like then like i think there's a different approach than you want to buy like the nicest boat ever and like maintain it always to the highest you know standards because you're going to keep that boat forever you know or for you know a really long time so you want to just enjoy it that pretty much wraps up i think my most frequently asked questions or like my main topics on like you know shopping for boats thanks for watching uh don't forget to hit the like button subscribe and please share with your friends i mean if you're looking for a boat or one of your friends looking for a boat spread the knowledge that's why i make these videos and you know the more this channel grows uh the more videos we can make so thanks again for watching and see you soon

  Top Comments:
  1. @---df5sr [14 likes]: Tip 1 - Don’t buy a yacht

Tip 2 - buy a sweet polo shirt

Tip 3 - Talk with a pen in your hand like a boss

Tip 4 - talk about your “clients” 

Tip 5 - make sure people know you drink San Pellegrino
  2. @specwar1966 [1 likes]: Do you actually help with someone wanting to get into a charter for business?
  3. @kyriakosgasteratos3079 [1 likes]: I am a jonior broker, and i really learn a lot from your videos. Thank you!
  4. @warlordop713 [1 likes]: Silverton 40 convertible or sea Ray 400 sedan bridge? Which should I target?
  5. @YowLose [1 likes]: Thanks man
  6. @DrewAndrewYoutube: Dude, great video. Very informative. The knowledge even about the type of glue used on Italian models that can't stand the Miami heat. That type of insight is amazing. 
Question. All those yachts docked in the video, how do they get out LOL? (If someone want's to leave for a day trip? How's the docking systems work out there?)
  7. @NinoPrez007: I would like that more yacht youtube channels disclose the CE  A B C D ,category for the Yachts  they are reviewing.
  8. @dejand9: ❤❤❤
  9. @raminard: Awesome content. I'm looking to buy my first yacht for charter purposes. I'm definitely looking forward to your videos about that and would love your input and or guidance in the future 😊
  10. @bruhhuserious4029: It seems if you have the money buy the boat new and don’t plan on selling it. You loose if you by old and sell old or sell after owning for couple years. Mind as well keep the Damm thing lol
  11. @MAC1NZ: so your 10% per year deprecation means a 5 year old boat say from a lagoon 67 power cat should have 50% of the new price or am i miss hearing you
  12. @davidherholdt9579: I have a question for you: "Trinity Yachts" American brand over a "Benetti Yacht" Italian, Would you purchase a Motor yacht cash or terms and why..??
  13. @N_J2301: Why am I here? I can't even buy a yacht.
  14. @---df5sr: I know what you’re saying, stop checking
  15. @growlkitty: How much can I low-ball the sellers broker before I insult him or her?
  16. @jasonday8334: Where do you hire a team to operate your Cruise Yacht?
  17. @choco.es.secret: Dubai has a lot of cheap yachts.   You can get some great deals
  18. @coryswilkens: I have over 30k hours on a Detroit 60 series in a semi. Runs strong still. Maybe it's different for a boat?
  19. @Biblebasicsforbusypeople: Sailboat vs power boat for ocean day charter
  20. @andyvaldez212: sounds like if you're not going to be on it everyday, just rent one

- Fort Lauderdale Private Clubs: Yacht Clubs & Elite Memberships: Kind: captions Language: en In Fort Lauderdale, luxury living isn't just about the home you own. It's about the circles you move in. Let's explore some of the city's most exclusive clubs, where fine dining, yaching, and prestige all come together. Private clubs are where South Florida's elite gather. From prestigious yacht clubs to refined social memberships with waterfront views, these venues offer an elevated sense of community and belonging. Whether you're networking with fellow yacht owners or attending a black tai gala, these clubs blend sophistication with a true coastal lifestyle. And by the way, if you need any help getting involved in any of these communities or want to move here, all of my contact details are below. The Lauderdale Yacht Club is one of the most distinguished institutions in the city. Founded in 1938, it's tucked away along the intra coastal waterway and offers a private marina, junior sailing programs, fine dining, and a lively social calendar. Membership here is by invitation only, and with its elegant setting and deep water access, it remains a favorite among long-term residents and avid boers alike. The Coridge Country Club offers exclusivity with a sporting edge. Designed by Robert Trent Jones, Senior, the Championship Golf Course is paired with tennis courts, fine dining, and social events that attract both families and professionals. The club's emphasis on tradition and excellence has made it a cornerstone of Fort Lauderdale's luxury lifestyle for decades. The Tower Club offers a different kind of exclusivity. Located on the top floor of the region's bank building downtown, it's a membersonly social and networking club for business leaders and entrepreneurs. Members enjoy panoramic skyline views, curated events, and private dining in an atmosphere that blends modern sophistication with classic luxury. Pier 66 offers the next generation of elite membership. Currently being reimagined as part of the new Pier 66 resort, this private club will feature a super yacht marina, exclusive dining, and access to luxury amenities for both residents and members. It's designed for those who want the full Fort Lauderdale yaching lifestyle wrapped in five-star service. The Harbor Beach Surf Club offers a more intimate residential form of exclusivity. Nestled within the gated Harbor Beach neighborhood, this private beachfront club provides members with ocean access, a beach pavilion, and social events in an elegant yet relaxed setting. It's the definition of coastal privacy right in the heart of the city. Fort Lauderdale's private clubs offer far more than luxury amenities. They provide a lifestyle of connection, prestige, and belonging. From historic yach clubs to modern marina memberships, these elite spaces bring together the city's most refined residents in a setting that celebrates both community and class. And that wraps up this video. If you're looking to buy or sell in Fort Lauderdale, I'd love to help you. All of my contact details are below.

- Fort Lauderdale Waterfront And Yachting Lifestyle with Bill Barrett: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] welcome i'm bill barrett with luxury home consultants and today i'm going to take you on an adventure through fort lauderdale's most exciting lifestyle choice and that is the waterfront living option that we've got here in fort lauderdale we're in the yachting capital of the world there's over 50 000 registered yachts here over 123 miles of navigable waterways and it's also the home to the fort lauderdale international boat show there's a lot going on with boats and waterfront living so let's get started [Applause] why do boaters love fort lauderdale well we're only 48 miles to the bahamas we're a short date trip from the florida keys day trip to palm beach there's miles and miles of beautiful ocean to get out there in your boat and explore and this is why so many people over the years have chosen the fort lauderdale boating lifestyle but when you're buying a house on the water there's a lot of important considerations size of your boat and the setbacks that the house will allow to have that boat at depth of the water bridges fixed and not fixed and this is where luxury home consultants experts can help you navigate the home buying process there's a lot to talk about when we speak about the waterfront and boating lifestyle in fort lauderdale we've got over 165 miles of waterway in fort it's only 48 short miles to bimini there's more than 100 marinas in fort lauderdale and over 50 000 registered yachts with 24 miles to beaches and of course we are the home of the fort lauderdale international boat show fort lauderdale truly is the venice of north america and the yachting capital of the world yachting is a big business than in fort lauderdale and there's big opportunities that come with it the economic and business impact of this industry is unbelievable it's the second largest industry in south florida and countless small and large businesses service this massive recreational boating industry as well as the commercial shipping and cruise industries collectively it's a 12.5 billion dollar business there's a lot of economic opportunity that stems from that whether you're looking to start a small business or you're looking to get into the marine industry this certainly is the place to do it and there's a lot of opportunities many years ago when i started out in business there was a popular waterfront periodical i used to run advertisements in and the calls that that ad would generate were people that would start the conversation off by telling me all about their boat and nothing about the house they wanted and it made me realize that this was a a very important market with a lot of moving parts and these folks needed help help evaluating where this home needed to be what the setbacks needed to be to accommodate their yacht what the draft needed to be what the uh bridge situation was fixed bridges and and their heights so there was a lot of very boating specific questions that needed to be answered and addressed as these buyers searched for a home in fort this is where the luxury home consultants team can add value to your waterfront home search by consulting with you throughout the purchase and inspection process by helping you evaluate sea wall inspections boat lifts all important things if you're a boater and as always in the process will help you negotiate the lowest possible price and best possible contractual terms but when you're buying a waterfront home there's a lot to unpack and that's where luxury home consultants and my team of experts can help you and add value to your waterfront home purchase

- Ultimate Luxury Weekend in Fort Lauderdale 🌴 Yacht & 5-Star Guide: Kind: captions Language: en If you had one weekend to experience the very best of Fort Lauderdale, what would it look like? Let's plan the ultimate luxury getaway filled with five-star resorts, private yachts, and unforgettable nights. A luxury weekend in Fort Lauderdale begins with the perfect place to stay. Check into one of the city's top tier resorts like the Four Seasons Hotel and Residences, the Ritz Carlton Fort Lauderdale, or the Conrad. Each offers oceanfront suites, worldclass spas, and private cabanas overlooking the Atlantic. Wake up to ocean breezes, enjoy breakfast on your balcony, and get ready for a weekend where every moment feels like a vacation within a vacation. And if you ever dream about making this lifestyle your home, all of my contact details are below. Day one is all about embracing the water. Charter a private yacht from Dennis and Yaching or Worth Avenue Yachts and spend the afternoon cruising through the intra coastal waterway. Stop for a dockside lunch at Boatyard or 15th Street Fisheries. Then head out towards the open ocean for a swim or glass of champagne on deck. As the sun sets, glide back into port and get ready for an evening of fine dining along Losas Boulevard. Dinner and night life take luxury to the next level in Fort Lauderdale. Start with a waterfront table at Mastro's Ocean Club, where the food is exquisite and the atmosphere feels seamlessly elegant. After dinner, head to Sparrow at the Delmare or the rooftop at Juan Bas Lass Solas for cocktails with a view. These lounges offer sophisticated vibes, craft drinks, and stunning views of the city lights. The perfect way to end your first night. Day two is all about relaxation and indulgence. Spend your morning at a world-class spa like the Alber Spa or the Ritz Carlton Spa for a deep massage or rejuvenating facial. In the afternoon, explore Las Boulevard's luxurious boutiques and art galleries. For something more exclusive, book a beachfront cabana at your resort and enjoy champagne service right by the water. As your weekend wraps up, finish with a sunset cruise or a dinner overlooking the inter coastal. Burlock coast or coconuts are great options for one last taste of Fort Lauderdale's elevated coastal lifestyle. Watching the sky turn gold over the water is the perfect ending to a weekend filled with elegance, comfort, and unforgettable moments. A luxury weekend in Fort Lauderdale blends five-star relaxation with adventure on the water and refined nightife. From private yachts to rooftop lounges and oceanfront dining, it's the kind of experience that captures everything the city is known for. Effortless luxury and coastal sophistication. And that wraps up this one. If you're enjoying these videos, make sure to subscribe to my channel for all things Fort Lauderdale, real estate, and lifestyle.

  Top Comments:
  1. @yubrajpaudel [1 likes]: What a luxury in FL

- Fort Lauderdale vs Miami Waterfront Preconstruction for Yacht Owners: Kind: captions Language: en Fort Lauderdale waterfront versus Miami waterfront new construction. Which one is better for yacht owners and serious boat lovers? In this video, I'll be going over marina access, boating lifestyle, pricing, and the [music] different building styles along each coastline. Fort Lauderdale waterfront new [music] construction is completely centered around a boating lifestyle. Fort Lauderdale is known as the yaching capital for a reason. The canals, marinas, and deep water access make it incredibly convenient for boat owners. Many new buildings sit directly on wide waterways, [music] giving you quicker routes to the ocean with fewer slow zones. The lifestyle here revolves around casual boating days, [music] waterfront dining in a community that understands the needs of yacht owners. If you're deciding between Fort Lauderdale and Miami Waterfront New Construction, you can find my contact details right here down below. Miami Waterfront New Construction focuses around skyline views, branding, and luxury architecture. While Miami does offer marinas and ocean access, many waterfront buildings are designed with aesthetics and amenities first and boating second. You'll see iconic towers, sleek glass designs, and branded residences with worldclass service. [music] For boers, marina options do exist, but they can be more limited, more expensive, and busier [music] than in Fort Lauderdale. Miami is perfect if you want big city energy mixed with luxury waterfront living. Fort Lauderdale's boating access is smoother, faster, and [music] more practical for boat owners. The city's network of canals make it easier to dock your boat close to home and head out without heavy congestion. Many pre-construction projects are planned with private slips, [music] on-site marinas, or direct canal frontage. Yacht owners love that they can get from their residents to the open ocean in minutes, [music] depending on the area. For people who actually use their boats weekly, Fort Lauderdale often feels like the obvious [music] choice. Miami's boating access offers prestige and beautiful scenery. In Miami, boating is stunning. [music] Biscane Bay, the islands, and the skyline all create a one-of-a-kind experience. But reaching marinas, dealing with weightless, and navigating [music] busier waterways can be part of the lifestyle. Some luxury buildings partner with marinas nearby instead of offering slips [music] on site. Voters who choose Miami usually prioritize the glamour of the city and don't mind the [music] extra logistics. Fort Lauderdale's waterfront pricing is generally more favorable. You can [music] often get larger waterfront residences, easier docking, and more boating friendly amenities for better pricing than Miami's premium waterfront locations. Buyers looking for marina [music] access without paying for bigname branding tend to gravitate here. You also see more variety from riverfront highrises to boutique [music] marina communities which helps match different budgets and boat sizes. Miami's waterfront pricing reflects global demand. Waterfront pre-construction in Miami often comes at a higher price per square foot because the city attracts international buyers, investors, and luxury seekers. [music] The premium goes towards architecture, amenities, design, and the name itself. For boat owners, this means you might pay [music] more for the residence while still needing a separate marina arrangement. Miami makes sense if lavish amenities matter more than having your boat steps away from your back door. Fort Lauderdale's building style is focused on livability, water views, and direct marina access. New buildings here often feature wide balconies, functional layouts, and designs that maximize views of canals in the intra coastal. You'll find more projects that blend residential comfort with real boating >> [music] >> utility. Things like marina lounges, captain services, and private slip options. The tone [music] is luxury, but with a very strong boater first mindset. Miami's building styles embrace ultra luxury, vertical [music] living, and bold branding. Expect taller towers, iconic silhouettes, and high gloss finishes that feel more like global luxury hotels. Miami waterfront buildings prioritize amenities such as rooftop pools, celebrity [music] chef dining, wellness centers, showpiece lobbies, and branded services. These towers attract buyers who value the prestige and experience of the building as [music] much as the water itself. Fort Lauderdale attracts yacht owners, boating families, and long-term [music] waterfront residences. These buyers want practical marina access, a relaxed lifestyle, [music] and buildings that make boating easy. Many are end users who plan to spend real time on the water and want a community designed around that lifestyle. Miami attracts luxury-driven buyers that want views, branding, and global energy. These buyers may still own boats or charter, but they prioritize luxury towers, five-star [music] amenities in a more glamorous environment. Many are second homeowners, investors, or international residents looking for waterfront address with prestige. [music] In summary, Fort Lauderdale delivers the most practical boating lifestyle with better marina access, smoother waterways, and waterfront [music] buildings designed for yacht owners. Miami offers stunning views, iconic architecture, and worldclass luxury. But boating access can be more limited and comes at a higher premium. Your choice depends on whether your priority is daily boating convenience or high-end designforward waterfront living. And that wraps up this one. If you need help deciding between Fort Lauderdale Waterfront and Miami waterfront, I'd love to help. You can find my contact information right here down below.

  Top Comments:
  1. @RogerPeterWilliam-u7x: Great video South Florida New Construction. Deserves way more views. Perhaps vyrotimes can help with that.

- Fort Lauderdale Yacht Club: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] thank you foreign

- Marina del Rey Mega Yacht 2021 #LUNASEA: Kind: captions Language: en so [Music] foreign

- 2023 Prestige 590 Yacht Tour | For Sale in Marina Del Rey: Kind: captions Language: en Heat. [Music] [Applause] I got no Oh yeah.

- FULL FRAME - Katarina Benzova × Diff-ink | Living Ink Art Experience in Marina del Rey, CA: Kind: captions Language: en Oh. H

- Duffy Cruising Teaser: Kind: captions Language: en the ascendant and the motive well m for more no no [Music] it's more fun let's see

  Top Comments:
  1. @sistergrace9833: Gd video Nat

- Majestic  Palm Beach 55: Kind: captions Language: en we're here on the majestic Palm Beach 55 with company owner Mark Richards he's going to tell us a little bit about this wonderful boat tombé 55 you know it's just like all of our ranges are very customized but it's a beautiful boat great size as you see the qualities you know second-to-none and it's really becoming um yeah so what one of the bespoke boats of the industry what sort of own are you getting into this sort of boat it's been really interesting it's a very diverse group of owners you know we've got people coming out of sailing bigger power boats down to this size boat smaller boats up to this size but it is very attractive to people to be out of customize their build and that's something was really specialized in and it's working really well for us

  Top Comments:
  1. @mikegutierrez552: What's the price on these beauties?

- The Palm Beach 70 in The Commuter Challenge: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] jazz floated through the first radios the economy boomed and consumerism soared flappers challenged the status quo and the Model T rolled our production lines and into American driveways for $260 Babe Ruth signed with the Yankees and F scott Fitzgerald upend The Great Gatsby the roaring 20s was a time of great change in our country it was also a time when titans of industry and leaders of Wall Street began to look for new ways to commute to Manhattan from their Long Island and Connecticut homes in 1902 the New York house reported on an expansion of a trend quote an enormous fleet of private yachts carry owners at racy speed twice a day from their great estates to the war from Manhattan Island nearest their offices the race to build sleek beautiful and fast yachts they hastily transport these men to and from the city was on I was sitting in traffic in New Jersey a few weeks ago when I connected with Palm Beach's new head of marketing Peter Truslow who was bringing me up to speed on the recently launched Palm Beach 70 with a long sweeping sheer and stunning good looks he said that it resembled a modern commuter yacht I can't argue with that so that's what got the gears spinning with today's mass transit options available where the commuter yacht could it possibly be a viable or practical options and with that an experiment was born I challenged a somewhat disgruntled colleague to erase from her weight in Connecticut to the iconic charging bull statue in Wall Street Simon I don't know if this is the worst thing I've asked you to do but I really appreciate you getting into the spirit of the event then not disgruntled at all really just amped because you know you brought in the competition and that's what I thrive on I am amped to not only go up against you but go up against the Palm Beach 70 I think I gotta be honest with you all right I think you could have chose someone who doesn't have the northern New Jersey background I have grown up commuting into the city and you know good at boats pretty good at what I do but I'd like to say I'm an expert at this whole community thing well we need all the help you can get from where everything I hear the Palm Beach 70 fast quiet nimble key word on fast I'm definitely need that speed as we race in Metro North and I feel fairly comfortable in my beautiful Metro North train I think she's got a lot of foot spa with her and I think she's gonna just slope a she's a beaut a real a real classic but I think I think times wastin I think I think we let the best man best machine win let's do it all right one two three to the bowl please to the bowl at Wall Street and Bowling Green what you have the ball statue at Bowling Green wannabe Bowling Green the giant Bowl statue by wall one you take that know that I'm going to take my okay oh you were the last thing I wanted to see right now Oh Scott me talk you and Lily Soros and this beautiful bronze bull bronze ball oh man I guess I guess this is it be the peak of Wall Street New York City finance I guess the New York subway system has been set up at an effective efficient way no one would ever say that definitely you're the only one that's always navigate in the East River you you definitely have to lead in your corner but I gotta say comfort comfort was definitely in the team with him coffee I still see I'm sure yeah it just puts this is look better that work that's tough that's it that's a tough book no I mean a great drive down down the East River and Rohde absolute stone every 30 not at the nuts at the top end it really is no match for all the boat traffic and five mile an hour zone did it really see that coming shouldn't the next time I know but next index race thanks Gracie though all right that's the deal so while the Palm Beach seventy came up shorten the speed again for the metro-north definitely wins for comfort and performance the race might not have got my way today the tortoise beat the hare doesn't mean the hair has to be happy about it but with modern transportation posts and speed the pomp beats 70 more than made up for in silent comfort I commuted to the city for almost a year some years back and I have to say it never arrived more calm and refreshed than when you arrive or depart by boat at the end of the race heading back to her way dark billowing storm clouds poured in from the West just beyond the transom the New York City skyline darkens transforming the city to the Gotham we know Batman comics the squall whipped up fast Palm Beach versus train suddenly shifted to Palm Beach versus rain you need to only squint though and use a little imagination to transport back to the 20s watching a wooden commuter yacht shoot out like an arrow through the grey mist poker left round Manhattan Island and back to the sound the Great Depression and a growing highway system on North Long Island would usher in the end of the community gods as we know them today a few famous models have been lovingly restored and still apply the Seas mostly this piece of yachting lore has been forgotten to the annals of yesteryear a hundred years only a lifetime if you're lucky so much the world has changed in the last century the New York City skyline erupted technology is advanced at blinding speeds and quote Brooks and Shawshank Redemption we're all got itself in a Big Damn hurry what hasn't changed in fact is only grown is a sport of voting the elements that entice the Wall Street executive the 20s the Sun the water the relaxing sound of water sliding along the planting hole those elements and in fact classically styled yachts like the Palm Beach 70 those remain timeless

  Top Comments:
  1. @richardc8738 [1 likes]: So much fun, and what a gorgeous boat. With money no object, the Palm Beach would be my choice.  And just think how much work you could get done in the yacht.......or not.
  2. @wadeharrison5404 [1 likes]: This was great! 😎
  3. @ENGBriseB: Gorgeous Palm Beach 70 lovely lines.
  4. @kenprevatt1267: Nice boat
  5. @kenprevatt1267: The bull is racist lmao I’m sorry that’s all I have seen lately

- Yacht Interior Cleaning: Kind: captions Language: en thank you [Music] foreign [Applause]

- Miami Boat Tour (Millionaire’s Homes and Skyline): Kind: captions Language: en today we're going on a relaxing boat tour in Miami where we'll see beautiful Skyline views as well as the homes of the Rich and Famous around numerous Islands in Biscayne Bay this is Magellan and this is Greyhound we make videos about epic road trips kayaking hiking and other Outdoor Adventures our journey starts at Miami Marina in Bayside Marketplace tickets are 30 dollars seats are first come first serve the tour is approximately 90 minutes and there's a guide to tell you what is what along the way before even embarking you'll get nice views of Sky views Miami the ferris wheel [Music] once the tour begins you'll get close-up views of the Miami Skyline eventually you'll see the Venetian Causeway the oldest Causeway in the city which connects Miami to Miami Beach across Biscayne Bay the causeway connects what are called The Venetian Islands which are man-made the next island is San Marco and this is the former home of Actor Antonio Banderas we're now cruising along San Marino Island at the end here with the brown roof is the former home of action movie star Jackie Chan over here on Hibiscus Island is one of the homes of legendary boxer Floyd Mayweather to the left with a giant white Obelisk is Flagler Memorial Island which is uninhabited this house with the geodesic dome belongs to Puerto Rican singer Ricky Martin as we Cruise between Hibiscus Island and Palm Island you'll see a home belonging to the Bacardi rum family on the right and on the left you can check out what's been preserved of the former Mansion of gangster Al Capone there is a look at the Bacardi house again we are now headed to Star Island another exclusive man-made Island the first home of note we saw belongs to singer Jennifer Lopez known as JLo this home belongs to Dr Philip Frost a major player in the pharmaceutical industry at home tucked behind the trees belonged to basketball player Shaquille O'Neal when he played for the Miami Heat pop singer Rihanna who owns this home definitely worked and earned it this is the former home of Pop Singer Madonna at this point the crews will head towards the ultra exclusive Fisher Island which unlike the other islands has no roads leading to it on the way you'll get views of the Miami Beach Marina and South Point Park in Miami Beach which we parasailed out of in an earlier video this is Fisher Island home to currently or at some point Oprah Winfrey Tom Cruise Jim Carrey Julia Roberts Tiger Woods and more and now as we Circle back towards the city this is Dodge Island home to the Port of Miami all of the cruise ship Terminals and a whole lot of cargo last but not least we approached downtown Miami again for great Skyline views foreign the guided tour will end and you can enjoy Gloria Stefan Madonna and other popular 80 songs as you Cruise back to the marina all in all a very relaxing Tour on a beautiful day in sunny Miami Florida would you take this boat tour let us know in the comments otherwise we'll see you on the trails or in the water

  Top Comments:
  1. @Born2ShitForced2WipeWoW [3 likes]: Great boat tour :)
  2. @rosegialanellaobrien6028 [3 likes]: I would take this boat tour! 😊
  3. @vs123 [3 likes]: It's very beautiful place
  4. @ajalle13 [2 likes]: Great tour. Hoping to do this next year
  5. @musicizlyfe46 [2 likes]: I’m do this tour next month I can’t wait😊😊😊
  6. @waterfallmadman [2 likes]: So that is where all the famous rich people live huh. Lovely tour.
  7. @petr-podrouzek [2 likes]: Super 🙂
  8. @mapsfordays [2 likes]: Checking out your channel and this vibrantly colorful scenery out on the South Florida Waters. Full watch support always 4:20 👍🏽9 and greetings from a bit further North from you🌟💙

- Inside ApeChain Spotlight IRL: Miami Yacht, Beach & Party with Rida!: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome back to another episode of Unboxing Web 3, where we unpack everything happening in the web 3 space. And on today's episode, we're going to unbox for you an IRL experience, but not any IRL experience. I'm about to head down to Miami to rendevous with Rya and the Ape Chain Crew for Rya's third place reward for Spotlight season 1. It's sure to be epic. I think Ry is about to land from Dubai any minute now. Join me on this adventure and remember a chain is always on top. Promise you the real misunderstood. You can call me a typo. I shine hotter than the stars in the night though. Hate the [Music] who's the price though. Got scratched like it. All right. So everything kicked off Thursday evening. I arrived in town. met up with the crew at Ryder's Hotel on South Beach at Soho House. From there, we had a driver take us to the yacht and we met up with a bunch of apes cruise around Miami Bay on a boat during sunset. It was awesome. We popped bottles of champagne. After that, the boat dropped us off at a restaurant. We all feasted and called it a night. The next day, we spent the entire day at Board Cuban. We didn't even have to leave. We ate, I think, breakfast, lunch, and dinner there. There was a DJ. It was a fun vibe. The funniest thing is we spent an hour on spaces. After that, we all went out home, showered, change, met up at Dante's Hi-Fi, which is a cool cocktail bar, vinyl room in Windwood. From there, we went out eating and some of us went clubbing and then, you know, called that a night. Saturday was all about beach vibes. [Applause] Dr. We chilled at the Soho House Cabana on the sand of the beach. We had some drinks. We just went swimming, just bonded, chilled. It was It was awesome. From there, we had hookah and then Rya left us and went off to, you know, have his date night with Gara. A lot of us just chilled and called it a night because Sunday we wanted to keep our energy high because Sunday is when everything culminated. Sunday started out with a quick little brunch at no other than Ford Cuban and then from there we went to the Windwood Soho edition pool cabana and that's where the party took place. They had food, they had drinks, they had apes flying in from all around the country. There was like 60 of us. We chilled there all day and just like straight up just had a blast with each other. From there, the festivities ended at the Collector's Club, which is an apeowned NBA spot there in Winwood. And man, what an incredible weekend. You know, thank you to Ape Chain and and the whole team there for, you know, really gifting like such an amazing, wellthoughtout prize to Rya. And thanks for letting me come along. What an awesome time. What an awesome experience. Keep your eye on APC Chain. Get involved. APC Chain's always on top because of experiences like this. So, peace out and thanks for joining me on this episode of Unboxing Web 3. Unboxing Ryder's eight chain spotlight IRL experience. See you on the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @antoninosip [2 likes]: Wow what a vibe !!! Rida has done so much for Ape chain and even spotted Showbiz there too ! Well deserved and how fitting to have unboxing web3 do this blog !! 👏👏👏👏
  2. @shiggins03 [2 likes]: Apechain on top
  3. @NOSEMATICS [1 likes]: LFG!!!!!!  Fantastic video. Love the vibes and wish I was there 🚀❤️🔥🫂
  4. @guccheetah9559 [1 likes]: lfg Apecahin!

- MSC World America Cruise Ship 2025 | Sailing from Miami to Ocean Cay Island Bahamas (4K Tour & Vlog): Kind: captions Language: en Today, we'll take a look at the 3-night celebratory sailing of the MSC World America cruise ship. Commemorative events. Inside cabins. Featured attractions. New facilities. Naming ceremony. Gala dinner. Drone show and live event. Morning at sea. MSC Cruises' private island in the Bahamas. Inside the ship at night. Night shows. Please enjoy. Our journey begins at the Port of Miami in Florida, USA. We are now heading to MSC Cruise Terminal AA in the Port of Miami. It is now around 11am on April 9th, 2025. The Port of Miami's MSC Cruise Terminal AA officially opened on April 5, 2025. At approximately 40,000 square meters (490,000 square feet), it is the world's largest cruise terminal. Let's go inside. Of course, since it's a new terminal, the inside is clean. The terminal is equipped with cutting-edge technology, including full biometrics and digital ID authentication. Check-in and baggage inspection are conducted over there. I was able to check-in smoothly. After check-in and baggage inspection, we will receive our cruise card and neck strap. This blue one is a neck strap, and we can attach our cruise card to it. This red band is a band for influencers. People who watch this video can apply for a 10% discount on MSC Cruises. Please see the description and comments. Photo spot. There were many people taking photos. If we go to the back, we can see MSC World America from the passageway. With a gross tonnage of 216,683, MSC World America is the largest ship in the MSC Cruises fleet. The ship's flag is the Republic of Malta. It is 77.15m (253ft) high and 333.3m (1093ft) long. The number of decks is 22. Deck 20 has an overwater swing, which is a popular attraction. I'm looking forward to getting on board. Boarding. Once on board, we'll be on deck 6. Take the elevator from deck 6 to deck 14. Arrived at Deck 14. Art is displayed here and there on the walls. A mysterious art called Intersecting paths - Shapes on the water's surface. It's a beautiful staircase. Check out the location of cabin 14186 today. Each deck has a name, and deck 14 is Montevideo (Uruguay). Art from Montevideo (Uruguay) is displayed on the walls. It's a cruise card. The cabin doors auto-lock and can be unlocked with the cruise card. Today's cabin category is "Premier Suite Aurea." The interior measures 25 square meters (269 square feet). This cabin is slightly larger than normal. The floor plan is compact and easy to use. It also has a 4 square metre (43 square feet) balcony. The balcony has mesh chairs and a table. The view from the balcony... Port of Miami view. We can see the overwater swing on deck 20 from the balcony. That swing is located 50 meters (164 feet) above sea level. The bottom is concrete, so if we fell off the swing we would be in big trouble. There is a passageway over there that we walked through when boarding the ship. The floor of the balcony is made of wood. Here is art from Paris (France). A large and comfortable sofa. Desk and minibar. Ice bucket. Two cups. La Original Ámbar Lager beer. It is a beer from Vienna, Austria. Daily program for April 9, 2025. There is an explanation of MSC World America. List of onboard facilities and business hours. Two type C/SE outlets. Two international outlets, Type-A and Type-C USB ports. A small pencil. Comes with a TV. One telephone is installed. Telephone number to call if there is a criminal. Two small shelves. Trash can. Hair dryer from Swiss brand Valera. Safety box. Stool. A movable mini table. Inside the refrigerator... Heineken beer and Corona beer. Sprite, Coke, Coke Zero, Fanta. Carbonated water or mineral water. Pringles potato chips. King size bed (can be made into twin beds on request). There is space under the bed to store our suitcase. Bedding and bed linen from the Italian brand Dorelan are used. The pillow's hardness is normal, and the mattress feels a little hard. Bedside lamp, reading light. Comes with a Type-C USB port. Accent lighting. Pool & beach towels. Large wardrobes. There is nothing in the drawer, and we can put various clothes and things in it. There are hangers where we can hang our clothes and coats. Laundry service is available for a fee. There is another wardrobe in this cabin. Inside the two wardrobes are the same. This cabin is unique and has two more beds. Small children's beds. This cabin is ideal for families of three or four. There are no electrical outlets or USB ports here. Like a hotel room, it has an internal lock and a peephole. Emergency route. Written in multiple languages. MAKE UP ROOM switch and DND switch. Simple light switches. The temperature in the cabin is adjustable. Bathroom. Washstand. Hand towels. There are no amenities at all and no tissues. Sanitary Bags for women. Extra toilet paper. Face towels. Vacuum toilet. This toilet is a Norwegian brand called Jets. Toilet brush. This cabin has a bathtub, which is a rare cabin on this ship. Most cabins do not have bathtubs, only shower booths. There is provided shampoo and shower gel. I will also introduce some of the other cabin types. Take a look at the Infinite Ocean View Aurea cabin. There is no balcony, but the view from the window is good. Normal cabins have shower booths like this. Take a look at the Junior Suite Aurea Cabin. Although the space is 20 square meters (215 square feet), it feels spacious. A distinctive feature is the view of the promenade and the sea from the balcony. Take a look at the Grand Suite Aurea Cabin. The interior measures 35 square meters (376 square feet). It also has a large private balcony and Jacuzzi. There are many other cabins, which I will introduce in another video. Video-on-demand movies are available on the televisions in each cabin. We can also watch live TV. A safety video is played before departure. Wi-Fi service is provided on board. Paid internet packages are available. Packages are available for the entire duration of the cruise or for 24 hours. Prices vary depending on the number of devices you use. High-speed Wi-Fi and basic Wi-Fi are available. After purchasing your internet package, enter your cabin number and date of birth. When I use high-speed Wi-Fi... Wi-Fi communication speed is fast. Since we have some time before departure, let's take a walk around the ship. The impressive promenade can be seen from the elevator. Deck 7. The name is SANTOS. Art from Santos (Brazil) is displayed. The screen displays the influencer's latest Instagram and YouTube posts. There is one main area between Deck 6 and Deck 8. This place is called World Galleria and has restaurants, bars, and shops. It's a beautiful staircase, but it's not the famous Swarovski staircase. The chandelier is gorgeous. The total length of World Galleria is approximately 100 m (328 feet). The American flag is displayed on the LED screen on the ceiling. It looks similar to MSC World Europa, but I think the American flag on the ceiling is unique to this ship. Let's take a look at Deck 8. Deck 8 has a new specialty restaurant called EATALY. This restaurant serves Italian cuisine for lunch and dinner. Deck 8 has a new bar called The Loft. This is also a new, adults-only, multi-purpose venue where a variety of events are held. It's one of those facilities designed for Americans to enjoy. Outdoor table seating is also available. View of World Galleria from Deck 8. The LED screen is closer. This passageway next to The Loft on Deck 8 is also unique on the ship. Famous American comedians, actors, and actresses by age group. This exhibit seems to have been created for Americans to enjoy. Written by Stevie Wonder, etc. There is a bar on Deck 8 called The Gin Project. The bar also offers entertainment such as billiards. They have a wide selection of craft gins from the United States and Canada, as well as botanical cocktails. There is a juice bar called ZEST on Deck 8. It is a popular bar on board where you can drink precious fresh juices. Deck 8 houses the Aurea Spa. The thermal suite has a large hot tub. It is similar to the spa at MSC World Europa. The spa's thermal suite facilities are very comprehensive. All the spa facilities are introduced in other videos. Deck 7 also has a large screen displaying fashion advertisements. Let's take a look at Deck 7. There is a retailer selling high-end watches. It's a retailer called Time Vallee. There is a specialty restaurant called KAITO on Deck 7. Sushi is served at this counter. On this day, free sushi is served as a celebration before the ship's maiden voyage. The staff wears rubber gloves and holds the sushi. The salmon and tuna sushi looks delicious. Plus, free white and red wines. KAITO also has a teppanyaki area. There are three teppanyaki counters. We plan to enjoy a teppanyaki restaurant on another day. This is an interesting restaurant with a teppanyaki show by the chef. Deck 7 has a specialty restaurant called HOLA! Tacos & Cantina. On this day, the restaurant also offers free wine and food. Red and white wines. Tacos. This is a specialty restaurant with a casual atmosphere. It may be a restaurant that fits the concept of MSC World America. I enjoyed the red wine and tacos. There is a specialty restaurant on Deck 7 called Butcher's cut. This is a typical steak restaurant on MSC cruises. Steaks, soups, seafood and desserts are available. It looks delicious. It is usually a paid restaurant where you can enjoy alcoholic drinks and steaks. Rosso di Montalcino red wine. Valdo Prosecco Brut white wine. This is a lively restaurant. I took a seat at a table by the window. Enjoy red wine and steak during the day. A surreal cow statue. The steak was so delicious that I ordered another. Deck 7 houses the MSC Signature Casino. The casino features a bar, table games, slot machines and card game rooms. This is one of the popular facilities on board. Take the stairs from Deck 7 to Deck 6. Deck 6 includes a reception, event space, bar, shops and cafe. If we just look at this place, it's hard to believe that we're inside a ship. It's like one city. There is a restaurant called Pizza & Burger on Deck 6. As the name suggests, you can eat hamburgers and pizza. MSC Cruises is a shipping company founded in Italy, and its pizza is famous for its deliciousness. These are free. Also available are hot dogs, fries, and chicken nuggets. I'll have a hamburger. It's free, so you can eat as much as you want. Deck 6 has the Dolce Vita bar. We can enjoy the event while drinking cocktails. Next, let's take a look at deck 18. Il Mercato buffet restaurant is located aft on Deck 18. The restaurant also has a bar. The tea is from the London brand Sir Winston Tea. Fruit juice etc. Oolong tea, coffee, etc. This buffet restaurant has many table seats. We can enjoy the view from the table seat by the window. MSC World America has a passenger capacity of 6,764 passengers. I think this restaurant has about 800 seats, but it gets full during peak hours. There is a glass walkway along the way. This is deck 18, and below this is deck 8. We can enjoy a beautiful view of the promenade from the glass walkway. We can see the waterslides on deck 20 above. Let's take a look at the lunch buffet. First up is the taco station. Beef chili, vegetable chili. Rotisserie station. What a delicious looking roast beef. Beef burgers and hot dogs. Hamburgers are also available at other restaurants. Artisanal Pizza Station. We can eat freshly made pizza. Cold Cuts & Cheese Station. Cheese bread. Delicious linguine and rigatoni. MSC original mugs. It was a fulfilling lunch buffet. Free for all passengers. There is also a buffet restaurant on upper deck 19. It's a buffet restaurant called La Brasserie. This buffet restaurant has a calm interior. The number of seats is about 600, which is slightly smaller than the previous restaurant. Let's take a look at the buffet table. It says "Dessert Station"... The buffet menu is almost the same as the previous restaurant. This floor on Deck 19 is smoked glass and is not transparent. The main pool is located in the middle of Deck 18. This is named Mar Azul Pool. This is one of the main facilities on board. This pool is likely to be popular as Miami has a relatively warm climate throughout the year. The length of the pool is about 25m (82 feet). There are three objects that look like flower buds. When I touched the pool water, it was warm. There is a live stage. On this side there is an object that looks like a seal. There is a bar called LA PERLA near the pool. Enjoy cocktails and mocktails. The ice cream looks delicious. Next door is La Boca Grill. We can also eat pizza and hamburgers for free here. Deck 18 also includes a Botanic garden pool and Jacuzzi. Climb the stairs to deck 19. The Botanic Garden Bar is located on Deck 19 and serves cocktails and more. From here we can see the two pools we saw earlier. This pool has a retractable roof, so we can use it even on rainy days. There is table soccer here. We can also enjoy table tennis. There are chairs here and it is a relaxing space. There is a shower booth and hot Jacuzzi here. Miami has a warm climate, so I don't think heated jacuzzis are very popular. There will be a live performance on this day. There was also a bar here. There are also a wide variety of alcoholic beverages. I was waiting for the live show to start, but it didn't start so I gave up. Go to the World Promenade at the aft of Deck 8. Here we will find shops, cafes, restaurant and bar. Looking up, we can see the cabin's balcony facing the promenade. There is a new specialty restaurant here called PAXOS. This PAXOS is a Greek restaurant. You can also choose from the fish displayed in the showcase and eat it. Jewelry shop, Omega watch shop. There is an impressive dry slide. We're currently on deck 8 and above this is deck 20. We can slide through this dry slide from deck 20 to deck 8. There is a shark's mouth on top (we'll go see it later). There is a theme parlor here called Sweet Temptations. 7 types of ice cream. They also sell stuffed animals of American comic book characters. There is also an additional facility called All-Stars Sports Bar. This is a new facility created for Americans to enjoy. There is a bar counter and tables inside. We can watch live TV of baseball, tennis, American football, etc. Preparations for the show have begun. This is deck 8, stern. The lanai has an open feel and is my favorite place. LED light shows are also held here at night. When we look up, we can see the shark more clearly than before. I'm looking forward to the show that's about to start. When two female performers go up there... They started dancing gracefully. Amazing. People also gathered to take photos and videos. Another female performer appears and shows off her acrobatics. Good performance. That seems difficult. Two men appear. The two men were just walking, carrying the man on their shoulders. There were performers here as well. That's an amazing costume. Performance using hula hoops. Take the elevator from deck 8 to deck 20. There is an outdoor park called The Harbour on Deck 20. Aqua park including water slides. Rock climbing wall for kids. 2-story rope course. List of experiences. Ropes course and zip line. It looks difficult. Cliffhanger is the most popular attraction. This is the only overwater swing ride on the ocean. I will try it on another day. My impressions are in a separate video. There are 3 types of water slides. I will try it on another day. This is a full-fledged waterslide. This shark attraction is named Jaw Drop @ The Spiral. I will try this attraction on another day. There is an area for adults over there called the Zen pool. The Zen pool is a relatively quiet place on the ship. A shark seen from the side. There is an MSC gym on deck 20. The gym is equipped with Technogym machines. It's a pretty full-fledged gym, where you can enjoy exercise and training. The scenery is beautiful and motivation is high. There is also an area called Sportplex. Bar. Multi-purpose court. Upstairs, there is a Lego play area. This is a fun area if you have small children. Let's go outside again. There is The Harbour bar. There were a lot of amazing facilities on board. Go to the panoramic lounge at the aft of Deck 7. There is a bar and event hall here. We will be watching the naming ceremony from 7pm in the Panorama Lounge. Images of MSC World America are playing on the screen. This is a cruise ship with an impressive exterior. The naming ceremony itself will take place at the World Theater on Deck 7. The words MSC WORLD AMERICA are projected on the floor. At 7 pm on April 9, 2025, the naming ceremony begins. Grand music begins to play and the host appears. Stand up. A female singer appeared and sang. Who is this female singer? MSC Cruises is airing a 60-second big game commercial called "Let's Holiday." The commercial stars famous actor Orlando Bloom and actress Drew Barrymore. They board the MSC World America and share a conversation about the various happenings on board. Through their MSC World America experience, they discover that a great "holiday" is much more than just a vacation. It's a good commercial. What happens after this... Orlando Bloom and Drew Barrymore appeared at the naming ceremony. After this, executives from MSC Cruises appear one after another. Pierfrancesco Vago, who has been executive chairman of MSC Cruises since 2013, took the stage. For several minutes, he talked about his vision for MSC Cruises. A video of the MSC Cruise Terminal at the Port of Miami will be played. Construction was began in March 2022. At 492,000 square feet, it is considered the largest cruise terminal in the world. The terminal can accommodate three ships at the same time. There are over 2,400 parking spaces. The first ship was welcomed on February 8, 2025. MSC Cruises and EXPLORA Journey ships use the terminal. It can handle up to 36,000 guests per day. Biometric authentication systems have been introduced. It is a state-of-the-art cruise terminal. Not only the MSC World America cruise ship, but also the cruise terminal is worth checking out. As a cruise ship in the American market, MSC Cruises seems to have put a lot of effort into it. Next... This is a preview of the entertainment show on board. It's a show called Dirty Dancing in Concert. The show will be unveiled the next day at the World Theater on Deck 7. I'm looking forward to seeing the actual show. Rubén Rodriguez, CEO of MSC Cruises' North America division, took the stage. MSC Cruises is a fairly large company, and the job titles are quite vague. Mr. Gianni Onorato, Global CEO of MSC Cruises, appeared on the stage. Each person gave a few minutes' speech. A singer named Kimberly Davis appears. Kimberly Davis sings Madonna's song "Holiday." She also sings songs by Ariana Grande. Now comes the climax of the naming ceremony. It's been about 50 minutes so far, and it feels like it's finally the climax. More than 10 of the ship's officers have gathered. It's a good atmosphere. The audience applauds. The audience included various VIP guests from all over the world. The people who gave speeches earlier return to the stage. Orlando Bloom also appeared on stage. Captain Dino Sagani took the stage. Drew Barrymore was chosen as the godmother. Drew Barrymore follows the ship's tradition by popping champagne at the bow and cutting the ceremonial ribbon. Countdown. A ribbon cutting ceremony was held. The ship was officially named MSC World America. The glowing hull of the ship at night is beautiful. The naming ceremony has ended. Following the naming ceremony, guests will enjoy a gala dinner starting at 8:45 pm. Please enjoy the video of the ship. There are four main restaurants on decks 6 and 5. There are three main restaurants on Deck 6. We will have dinner at the BUBBLES restaurant in the back. This restaurant has a calm interior with a blue and white theme. Seated. Let's take a look at the menu. 2 types of wine. Choose one from small plate, entrée, and dessert. It is a 3-course meal. French white wine called Gerard Bertrand Cigalus Blanc. Warm breads. Foie Gras Terrine. Butternut Squash Soup. It's a rich soup. Surf & Turf. Angus filet mignon and Florida lobster. Miso Black Cod. Comes with rice, wasabi, and edamame. Honestly... This is a high quality dinner. Maybe better than the restaurant at MSC Yacht Club. Gateau Guanaja Noir. It's a solid dessert. It looks good. Go to deck 18. There will be a drone show from 11pm, so we will wait here. The LED lighting on World Promenade is beautiful. The drone show is taking a long time to start, and there are many people waiting. Kill time while looking at the inside of the ship. There is a glass walkway in the stern of deck 18. Below this is the lanai on Deck 8. Some people may be afraid to walk through this glass walkway. We can see the MSC cruise terminal from here. It's amazing because it's the world's largest cruise terminal. Glowing bracelets were distributed. The drone show started around 11:15pm. American flag. MSC Cruises logo. Miami Beach. Flamingo. MSC World America ship. Let's Holiday. It's an amazing drone show. MSC💛Miami. It ends with the words MSC World America. I'm surprised they did this show with drones. It's past 11pm, but the dinner buffet is still open. Pizza is available even this late at night. Move to the middle of deck 18. There will be a concert by the main artists from around 23:30. Many guests have gathered. Preparing for the concert. Miami-based singer Gloria Estefan takes to the stage. A popular singer who has won eight Grammy Awards and received the Presidential Medal of Freedom. She has been named one of the "TOP100 Greatest Artists of All Time" by both VH1 and Billboard. She has sold over 100 million records worldwide, making her one of the best-selling female singers of all time. She performed hit songs such as "Dr. Beat" and "Conga," which impressed the guests. It's almost time for the day to change, but many guests are listening to the concert. The view here is... A night view of Miami. The ship is then scheduled to depart PortMiami at 3:00 am on April 10th. When I returned to my cabin... Various things are placed on the bed. Miami newspaper. Cruise magazine. MSC World America original tote bag. It's a tote bag that looks easy to use. MSC Cruises magazine. A model of MSC World America. This is a model that accurately reproduces the real thing. The words MSC World America are also clearly included. Information about the MSC private island excursion scheduled to arrive tomorrow. Excursion ticket. The water pressure in the shower was sufficient and comfortable. The shampoo and shower gel were unscented and didn't have a bad taste. On to the next morning. Good morning. Around 6:30am on April 10, 2025. I'm going to watch the sunrise. There are quite a few people taking photos and videos of the sunrise. Will we be able to see the sunrise? Unfortunately, I thought it would be cloudy... Oh my god... I could see the sunrise faintly. Let's just say it's enough to see the sunrise. The main pool area is quiet in the morning. When I look over there... There is a MSC Cruises flag. There is a Bahamian flag over there. Go to World Promenade on Deck 8. Coffee Emporium is popular in the morning. We can order coffee, latte, etc. Coffees from various countries are served, including Lavazza coffee from Italy. I'll have a cafe latte. This is a recommended coffee shop in the morning. Delicious cocoa. Breakfast will be served at the buffet restaurant on deck 18. When we're sailing, a table by the window has a nice view of the ocean. The table seats around here are also good. Let's take a look at the breakfast buffet. Oriental Delights Station. A delicious looking soup. Vegetable fried rice. Onions, tomatoes, cucumbers, carrots. Fried eggs. Hot Breakfast Station. Baked beans, potatoes, omelets, etc. Bread rolls etc. Hash brown potatoes, boiled eggs, sausages, bacons, etc. A typical breakfast menu is available. Continental Bakery Station. Looks delicious. You can have the whole fruit. Pastry. Cereals & More Station. Parfaits and smoothies. Wholesome Treats Station. Salad bowls with boiled eggs and sweet potatoes. Gluten free breads. Wellness & Vitality Station. Fruit. Yogurt. Salami, tomatoes, cheese, ham. There's more to come. Drink bar. Lots of variety. Eggs and Omelets station. Omelettes are made on the spot by staff. You can freely choose the ingredients for your omelet. Cereal-Yogurt-Jam Station. Cereals, fruit salads, yogurt, etc. There are various cereals. Waffles & Pancakes station. Donuts, waffles, pancakes, etc. Bagel Bar & Spreads Station. It was a fulfilling breakfast buffet. All passengers receive this free of charge. MSC World America is heading to MSC Cruises' private island. The name of MSC Cruises' private island is Ocean Cay. The island is located 105 km (65 miles) from the Port of Miami. The island is located in the Bimini area of the Bahamas. This island is an artificial island, created by dredging by a Hawaiian company in the late 1960s. This artificial island was used to mine white oval aragonite sand for various industrial uses. The total area of the island is 42 hectares. The island had been abandoned by a Hawaiian company and was in a state of disrepair. In 2015, MSC Cruises signed a 100-year lease with the Bahamian government and began redeveloping the island. The redevelopment cost is estimated to be approximately $500 million. This private island from MSC Cruises officially opened on December 5, 2019. Arrived around 8:00 am. Cabins are cleaned once or twice a day (depending on cabin rank). On the bed... A piece of paper asking you to watch the safety video. It has been thoroughly cleaned. Let's take a look at MSC's private islands. On this island, you can take beautiful photos and videos of the MSC World America ship. When we land on the island, we will be greeted by MSC staff. It is an island with a bright atmosphere. Let's take a look at the map of the island. I get the impression that there are many beaches. The island is surprisingly large, and it takes about an hour to walk around it. They are holding an event at the Marine Conservation Center. MSC Cruises is also actively involved in marine conservation. I got some water. This is an MSC Foundation event. It seems that they are doing various things such as restoring coral reefs in the Bahamas. I was able to take a beautiful video of the ship from close up. There is a dive center. Let's take a walk around the island. There are several souvenir shops in Ocean Village. Ocean Cay and MSC goods are on sale. They also sell goggles and marine shoes that can be used at sea. Let's go to the east of the island. Excursion boats are parked here. Later we will go on a boat & snorkeling excursion. Let's take a look at other souvenir shops. There are Ocean Kay goods here as well. Looks like a good souvenir. These are the toilets, and they have unique signs. There are several bars on the island. This is an ice cream shop. When it's hot, you might want to eat ice cream. There are also beach volleyball court and basketball court. Those pastel colored houses over there are the staff areas. There is a food court. A lunch buffet is available at the food court. They also have local Bahamian food, which is a nice touch. The meat looks delicious. Hamburgers, fries, and hot dogs. There are also plenty of fruits. It was a fulfilling lunch buffet. Water sports such as kayaking and paddleboarding are available on the island. Another thing is table tennis. Table soccer is also available. Family beach. There are signposts all over the island to guide us. This is South Beach. The water is shallow and the beach has a peaceful feel. There is also a beach volleyball court. There is a beach reserved for MSC Cruises staff only. Cross the bridge and go to North Island. This place is called Bimini Beach. It is located at the northern tip of the island, and the waves are strong. Good photo spot. There is also a spa on the north end of the island. This area is covered with rocks. The spa has eight treatment rooms. There are things like floating sunbeds. Go to Sunset Beach on the west side of the island. Is this area a remnant of the past? This sunset beach has the strongest waves on the island. An area called Boho House. A lunch buffet is also available here. There's an experience going on over there. A lighthouse and bar with an impressive design. The lighthouse is 30 meters (100 feet) high. Go to the beach near the lighthouse. You can take beautiful photos and videos of ships on the beach near the lighthouse. Taking photos and videos here is recommended. Participate in an excursion called Breeze Escape. Get on this boat. This is a boat that can accommodate about 30 people. Departure. MSC World America has a distinctive design at the stern of the ship. The design is almost the same as the MSC World Europa, which I boarded six months ago. If we look at it up close, it's a fairly large ship. After about 10 minutes, we arrived at another island. The sea in the Bahamas is beautiful. What is that? The water depth is less than 1m, so we can walk without diving into the sea. There are a lot of stingrays. It has poisonous spines on its tail, making it a bit scary. The waves are strong and it's fun to be swayed by the waves. To a nearby island. Rugged rocks. The island is uninhabited and there is almost nothing there. I enjoy walking on the beach. Return to the ship. It was an easy excursion as there was no need to dive into the sea. Return to MSC Cruises' private island. On the boat, you can take photos and videos of the ship from various angles. This excursion is also recommended for those who want to take photos and videos of ships. The lighthouse is conspicuous even from a distance and has become a landmark of the island. Return to the ship while admiring the views of the island. Return to the ship and take a tour of the MSC Yacht Club. The MSC Yacht Club is an exclusive area of the ship. Private jacuzzi and pool. Private grill and bar. It features a private restaurant and lounge. It's almost the same as the inside of the MSC World Europa Yacht Club that I went to before. This ship has a Swarovski staircase only inside the MSC Yacht Club. For more information about MSC Yacht Club, please see the video posted on my channel earlier. Dinner on this day is a buffet. Just for Kids Station. Hamburgers and hot dogs available in the evening. Farm Greens Station. Various vegetables. Ribs and seafood. Soup. Pasta and risotto look delicious. Gyoza station. Dinner is mostly meat and seafood dishes. Fruit Carvery Station. Cut fruits. The Carvery station. The dinner buffet also has a wide variety. Dessert Station. There are various sweets that look delicious. For dinner, they put a lot of effort into dessert. Seated at a table near the window. I took various foods. It was a delicious dinner buffet. Alcoholic drinks can also be ordered at the bar. MSC Cruises offers drink packages. The Premium Extra Package includes unlimited drinks under $16 (€14). Go to the Sportplex on Deck 20. Join the game of Bumper cars. Let's take a look at the Bumper cars game. This is a game where you ride a car covered in bumpers and enjoy the thrill and fun of colliding with other cars. I will actually ride a bumper car. It was a fun game. Since we have time, let's take a walk around the ship at night. Surreal shark. Beautiful promenade design. It feels a little futuristic. Aqua park. Main pool on deck 18. On this day, it is lit up in blue. Botanic garden pool at night. It is a noisy place during the day, but at night it is quiet and has a magical atmosphere. To the TOP20 Exclusive Solarium on Deck 20. This area is exclusive to Aurea and Yacht Club guests. Private jacuzzi. We can see the entire main pool from here. It's my personal favorite place. There is also a jacuzzi in this place. MSC Private Island at night. It's shining a lot. It's going to hurt my eyes... We can see inside the kids club on deck 19. Go to deck 19. Deck 19 has an amusement area. There are many arcade games available. Next door is a paid attraction called Formula Racer. Go to the gym at night. The view of the main pool from the gym window is beautiful. The gym is crowded in the morning and less crowded in the evening. Go to the elevator hall. The elevators are also equipped with state-of-the-art equipment. The LED lighting is beautiful at night. The cabins around here also look good. Various events are held here, but there are not many events on this day. Go to World Galleria at night. The chandelier shines blue and red. At night, the champagne bar on Deck 8 is popular. The interior is also good. Veuve Clicquot Champagne. Moët & Chandon Champagne. You can enjoy the famous champagne for a fee. Elixir Mixology Bar on Deck 8. This bar has a chic and mature atmosphere. The Loft Bar on Deck 8. There are events such as karaoke at night, which looks like fun. World Galleria has a futuristic and beautiful design. The LED screen on the ceiling changes depending on the time. On this day, there are many blue lights on the ship. The Gin Project bar on Deck 8. There are not many people on this day, but at peak times there are many people, making it a popular bar. There's live music playing downstairs. Masters of the Sea Bar on Deck 7. It is a British pub style bar. There is an event on the island's beach late at night, and the dress code is All white, so many people wear white clothes. Go to Luna Park Arena on Deck 6. Various events take place here, but none on this day. During this time, the LED screen on the ceiling looks like an aquarium. Dolce Vita Bar on Deck 6. This place is popular all day long. Various events and live performances are held here. Go to the casino on Deck 7. Many people play at the casino at night. Go to the Panoramic Lounge on Deck 7. You can listen to a concert while sipping a cocktail. A concert is currently underway. There are various areas on the ship to enjoy at night, and they are well designed to spread out the passengers. Go to the World Theater on Deck 7. Entertainment shows are held here at night. It is a large theater with approximately 1,150 seats. However, not all of the 6,764 passengers will be able to fit in, and there will be two night shows. This show was unveiled as a preview during yesterday's naming ceremony. Show begins. Dirty Dancing is a romantic drama dance film released in the United States in 1987. This is a show that revives classic movies from the past with the help of singers, dancers, and musicians. I have never seen the movie Dirty Dancing, so I don't know much about it. Since the movie was made 38 years ago, some of the older passengers may be familiar with it. The show has an overall bright atmosphere. There is also a performance where they threw watermelon-shaped balls to the audience. Fun atmosphere. It was an interesting show. Finally, the moderator gave a greeting and the event ended. Once the show is over, I return to my cabin. When I returned to the cabin... It appears there were three unknown luggages. Tomorrow's daily program. Go to a night event on the island. Before the event, I would like to see the MSC World America illuminated at night. It shines beautifully. Let's have fun with the DJ's music. It's a cool designed ship. I also like the ships that glow at night. Many passengers gathered. It's exciting. What does the lighthouse look like? The light show at the lighthouse begins at midnight. The light show has begun. This light show takes place every day. There seem to be two types of light shows. The first is a show inspired by the land, flora and fauna of the Bahamas. The second is an underwater show to tell the story of the reserve's marine life. This seems to be the second underwater show. We can see what looks like marine life drawn on the lighthouse screen. Show time is 5 minutes. It turned out to be a bigger show than I expected. MSC Cruises, the company that made this, is amazing. This is a show you definitely want to see. After the show, the party continues on the beach. The lighthouse remains illuminated even after the show ends. Wash myr feet and return to my cabin. Take a look at the beach and lighthouse from the cabin. It's quite exciting. The lighthouse displays the MSC Cruises logo. The next day, the ship departs Ocean Cay and returns to the PortMiami. Thank you for watching.

  Top Comments:
  1. @sttravel39 [42 likes]: Use discount code "TRAVEL10" to get 10% off MSC cruises booked by August 31, 2025. This discount can only be used directly on the website (not through agencies).

Click here to see available itineraries: https://shorturl.at/NNniJ

*Discount valid for cruises from September 2025 to February 2026 (excluding world cruises)
*Cannot be combined with existing promotions
  2. @roanne8793 [2 likes]: It exactly like World Europa! The ambience, rooms and style…indeed MSC 😍 love it!
  3. @えっくす-b5e [1 likes]: 新田悠太郎＊「あのさ。この船アホ。重すぎ。欲張りすぎ沈むぞ。救命ボートも少なすぎ。タイタニックマグナムトルネードの刑ね。
  4. @liudmilakhvatova7929 [1 likes]: 😊Сказка,не корабль , а какойто сказочный город,мододцы американцы!
  5. @GoldenHourThoughts-t1x [1 likes]: What a great place. Wish I could be there someday.
  6. @lynettedaniels7867 [1 likes]: Never on a cruise ship in my life. Big bucket of germs. Fukin scary.
  7. @tsamtsourinasia8573 [1 likes]: Excellent
  8. @dpisebudget9555 [1 likes]: can pure veg person survive here
  9. @earthstewardude: If this is what you need to see another part of the world,  stay home and watch it on TV?           This is not sustainable!  We are raping our planet for resources and then we build crap like this?           You don't need it folks!   It's the grand illusion.
  10. @fabulouslife-mm: The MSC World America looks absolutely stunning! That drone show at night over the Miami port was a true masterpiece
  11. @OybekMuhammadjonov-g9f: Cruise ship❌ City✅
  12. @CaroAlv-ue4dr: gracias por siempre tener buenos videos muy lindo el barco y se veía rica la comida me dio hambre xd
  13. @HistoricalLens4593: MSC World America looks like a dream vacation destination!🛳️🛳️
  14. @CgFy-i3d: Good morning beautiful
  15. @FluxEngines: woww 🎉
  16. @bav8686: The ship is in Italy😅
  17. @misafirlik: Büyük depremlerde, 
4 BİN, 6 BİN KİŞİLİK BU (yüzen otel) GEMILERDEN OLSA GEÇİCİ OLARAK BARINMA, YEMEK, ISINMA VS...IHTIYACLARA HIZLI ÇÖZÜM OLABILIR
  18. @SquirrelVidz: I have watched many vlogs but nobody shoot of cruise starting sail
  19. @AgnesManley-d9o: Nice Video 🇰🇷✈️🇺🇲Seouls Sontan South korea Osan Bas USA UNited States of America Airplane Ticket Hotel Guide Love Flight❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤Love flight❤❤❤❤❤❤❤Love  Flight😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
  20. @martinvanderknaap5958: We zijn net terug. 2 weken op dat schip gezeten. Het wordt mooi in beeld gebracht maar het eten is lauw tot koud. Entertainment laat de wensen over. De passagiers zijn luidruchtig en zelfs brutaal. Never en nooit meer met dit schip. Veel te massaal.

- EPIC 100 Mile Round Trip Adventure From Miami To The Florida Keys!: Kind: captions Language: en come along with us as we take our $700 boat on a 100m roundt trip to the Florida Keys we'll be showing you a boat friendly hotel where you can stay with your family we'll also be checking out one of the most heavily visited dive spots in the Upper Keys and we're meeting up with some friends at a Local's only Sandbar and for those wondering how much a trip like this cost we'll be going over the total cost for this adventure let the adventure begin what's up everybody we're leaving Ma and Havoc just now so if you guys are interested in maybe coming down to the Keys and where we're staying we're going to give you all that information going to be a fun video make sure you stick around to the end let's head out away from that [Music] rain as we make our way south on the inter Coastal Waterway we get to the largest of the islands in bis National Park LA key and just ahead on our port side is Ocean Reef Club a private member only Community with every amenity you can think of here we're approaching cardan Bridge which connects Southern Miami day County with Northern Monroe County and it's one of only two ways that motorists can leave or enter the Florida Keys this body of water is a bay called Barn sound which is of the bis game Bay system on our starboard side you'll see short key you'll see more of this place in future videos as we plan on boat camping here with friends we're about halfway to our destination and we're approaching jewfish Creek which leads the inter Coastal Waterway from Barn sound to Blackwater sound along a 1 mile stretch of Mangrove Lang water we're at the halfway point or a little bit more than the halfway point we made it to kilargo we're about to go under uh us one and there's a couple manatees up here that we saw so we slow down see if we could catch them see if they're out here see if you see them these poor things are so slow you know there's us one that's the uh road that takes you to the keys the one we passed back there was Card Sound road that takes you also to the Keys and it takes you to Ocean Reef so here you have the Anchorage hotel and here you have the famous Gilberts it's a really cool spot right on the water y got all types of stuff going on over here our friends Gus and Christy from two bears Outdoors this is where they launched their boat back in there this is the Bay Side over here this is Everglades National Park so we're going to stay on the Bay Side on this side for now then we're going to head over to do John Penny camp and go on the ocean side so we can get to our destination we're making our way through Adams cut which allows boers to navigate from the Bayside to the ocean side of the Florida Keys it actually goes under US1 and has a clearance of about 12 ft check out these beautiful homes we've made it to Laro sound where John Penny cam state park is located and is renown known for being the country's first undersea Park this is a must visit if you're in the Florida Keys Largo channel is a channel of mangroves on either side here you'll find kayakers paddle boarders and fishermen so it's best to proceed with caution this winding Channel ultimately leads you to the Atlantic Ocean and closer to our destination off our starboard side is Rodriguez key a mango covered Island just east of kargo and is a popular Sandbar destination of local boers there's the hole down there got View what's that is that another room yeah cuz you can connect these rooms they're doing updates to this place and it's not bad it looks a little bit a little bit worn in some places but overall I think it's great great view from the third floor yeah we get to see the boat too a perfect view of the boat Kay yeah look cornhole you got kayaks here you can use that's fun oh there's bikes yeah oh there's a whole list of things kayaks bikes nice we got Snappers right next door which is great Seaside dining they also have rooms here for for rent as well big old lab just hanging out loves it Liv his best life what you get there babe little fish sandwich little Mahi sandwich that looks really good yep some con Fitters too we torn those up sweet potato fries and some Mahi what do you think can't beat this it's like the best for you good food little boat over there got a little docks all right I got a I got a little confession I don't know if you could see but to get in here only one boat fits in that little Channel and then you got a 90° turn to get up in here but the wind was blowing about 10 knots and the and the uh current was coming in at about 3 knots and we couldn't make the turn and we actually got caught up in those mangr and we we got caught in between there's a boat over here on this side we're in between the boat in between the mangroves you know and plus this this damn thing in the middle here doesn't help we turned in this way we ended up going down this canal and then making a U-turn and coming back straight to do our boat this way well what my first big blunder on the boat gr up here our room up there couple drinks got the sunset morning both still afloat going to go have some breakfast the hotel has a breakfast included which is nice ni let's see how it is's see what they got got little Bagel some toast muffins water they have a waffle maker nice got ping pong tables back there c yeah pool and hot tub [Applause] what's up everybody we made it to Molasses Reef and uh they have these really nice buoys out here where you can cuz you're not allowed to Anchor up here this is all protected so you hang out on these buoys you see up there and I mean you could see the reef right here it's absolutely gorgeous like look at this huge ledge I can't wait to get in there I'm going to show you guys what's under there the day is absolutely gorgeous it's flat there's barely any wind all right let's get in the water on you might want to show that phone number anybody wants to book likego princess just come out when they come out okay all right just leaving Molasses Reef and um going to see if we catch some Lobster not much wind but the current is is ripping so see if we have some Lobster oh all right we're going uh back to Snappers tonight get some food there's not many restaurants uh in the vicinity so see if we get a nice Sunset View today and then uh we got a friend meeting up with us today so we'll see you in a second callari today what's up everybody we're here with keys boating Channel my buddy George and his wife we just hung out at the bar here at uh Snappers thank you pe's from the keys right yes like I we say peas from the keys and don't forget to like And subscribe right here cuz these guys are awesome thank you awesome what's up guys it's your last day here at um dub Creek we're going to go get some breakfast at harriets they're famous for their muffins apparently the key lime pie muffins so ke lime pie muffins luckily we brought our [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] guide bikes if you were to walk it'd be like a 25 30 minute walk but with the bikes we got there really quick so let's go for a ride all right let's do it I feel like a little kid I love it it's such a cool way to get around and these things these things haul out do like 20 mph all we're approaching US1 and they got this neat little bike trail over here but safe for us to ride right up in here hope guava cream cheese diet starts tomorrow it's your birthday calories don't count well you ordered it yeah so calories don't count with somebody else ERS it too all right we just left Harriet's probably the best muffin that we've ever had and then we got a guava muffin to go the food was good just your typical good old diner food you know Fant it was good it was fantastic so we're going to head back to the hotel so we could get on the boat it's only a 7 minute drive on the ebikes so we're going to get going oh all right we're going to race ready one two I cheated you're lighter than me so you should go faster hey it doesn't fair you can pedal I can't pedal I don't think can go faster yeah it does does it yeah look it gave you that Head Start we'd love to thank today's video sponsor [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Gad for sending us these amazing bikes and scooters alli's favorite the Lynx Plus ebike has a max speed of 19 mph and a range of 20 mi and only weighs about 35 lb and comes in three different colors my favorite was the goer scooter which has a max speed of 60 MPH and a range of 30 Mi and weighs only 39 lbs both are foldable and easy to store and both have a 14-day return policy for you to try them out use our code pfb 50 at checkout for 50 bucks off your order thank you so much [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Gad the bike and the scooter really came through on our trip what's up everybody we're leaving dub Creek Marina we're going to meet up with our buddy George we're going to hang out for a bit hopefully the weather gets better all right so didn't go as planned but that's all right about to pass alli's hiding down here so warm the last week's uh like like uh maybe we're here at taner key we got Key's boating Channel got George and his wife syy hi and they got the pups with them hanging out swimming around that's Pearl say hi and the weather is great we got a couple boats on the other side of this sandb bar here the water is perfect the weather's great thank you George for showing us this place and for bringing us out you're welcome I'm I'm glad that you came over to experience this awesome place here awes glad you came over for a little while yeah and uh you guys got to check out his channel key boing Channel check out check out his channel he's always out here at Taber key and he's showing you all the stuff here in the keys so your little lroy check this out that is a nice starfish over here check out the starfish the things you see here at T Keys all the time awesome little feet yeah you can see the bottom the wow so cool that was really Co that so NE see these are the special things you I've seen them other places but not as much as here here more all right we're going to check out Georgia's new boat it's the Jano uh 795 it's a pretty sweet boat check this thing out we love the pilot house style boats and we're going to have one one day right if you guys want to see a full walk through of georg's boat please consider liking and subscribing and hit that notification Bell to be notified for our next video bye bye we're getting to Taver Creek uh we're going to try to get back to the inter Coastal so we can head back to Miami he we went right through there there good

  Top Comments:
  1. @buckeyebob55 [4 likes]: motor cost more than 700
  2. @Aceman597 [2 likes]: You have done a great job with that Grady White. Like that color.  Some decals would finish her off nicely . Would be a great how to video also.
  3. @titohernandez830 [1 likes]: God bless you guys from Colorado thanks 4 the video 😊👍🏽👍🏽🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷
  4. @DavidLee-ey8yu [1 likes]: What time of year did you make this trip?  Is there a recommended time of year?
  5. @bennyserrano440 [1 likes]: AWESOME!!!!!!!
  6. @FredFields-h3b [1 likes]: Great video. I'm thinking if doing this. Where did you set off from and is it possible to hug the coast from Miami and make it to islamorada without cutting through the inside through jewfish creek? Thanks.
  7. @fingerlakesdiet560 [1 likes]: Nice video! Cheers from the Finger Lakes!
  8. @americanazheck [1 likes]: Gilberts is lame. Alabama jacks next to card sound bridge is great
  9. @americanazheck [1 likes]: Card sound to Adams cut to the ocean
  10. @americanazheck [1 likes]: I'm in
  11. @capt_perez [1 likes]: Definitely love these videos. Really enjoyed this one.
  12. @TroyClayton-w2l [1 likes]: Looks like my kinda holiday: boats, great snorkelling, eating out. What's not to love?
  13. @Nezzer57 [1 likes]: Really interesting trip, amazing water and snorkling,
and great to see it all costed out.
We should do that, but dont, lol 👍🤙
  14. @mcnairwinters2008 [1 likes]: I rarely comment but have to say glad I came across your videos. Been boating since 16yrs old and have had five boats and a waverunner over deacades. Very cool how you resored this Grady and show how people can do boating affordably. Best of luck and I'll keep watching espacally when my boat is out for the Winter but that is how it is here in NJ
  15. @georgeflowers2163 [1 likes]: Awesome video again thanks for the content. My 1990 Grady  gulfstream is about done putting the new fuel tank in this weekend. Can’t wait to get out on the water. Waiting for yall to take that keys trip😅
  16. @fredv7487 [1 likes]: Your boat was so lucky to have found you. Love it when trips are simple. 🍻🍻🍻🍻🍻
  17. @eccentricsmithy2746 [1 likes]: I love how locals say its locals only but yet its filled with tourists.
  18. @rolandvance6663 [1 likes]: Love it I keep saying I am going take a trip like that nice thanks for info u give 👍🏼👍🏼
  19. @JavierPerez-yk4cx: You can’t catch manatees you’ll go straight to jail you can’t even touch them or feed them or give them water stay away bud
  20. @JohnBraman413: what boat is that?

- Living on a boat in Miami - My Winter in Two Hours: Kind: captions Language: en through sickness and health conflict and peace big waves and calm seas cold and warm without fail buoyancy keeps our boats afloat through it all we're just out here doing our best to take advantage of that reality feeling good like I around the neighborhood feeling blessed never stressed got sun on my Sunday all right guys welcome back to into deep I know this is a long video but this is an action-packed video in this video I showcase everything that me and Ethan got ourselves into down in Florida this season some drama on the Anchorage and they're shutting the Anchorage in Miami down and then also um some info of of something that happened to me this season that was pretty unfortunate stick around until the end of the video because Ethan and I do a Q&A where we answer all of your guys's questions from the previous videos also I would like to mention that I started new Instagram it is in to deep boating basically as you've learned by now if you're a longtime follower there's uh Sometimes some long lapses between the videos um that I post so so if you want to stay up toate way more up toate more than weekly updates uh check out the new Instagram into deep boating where we'll stay totally up to dat thanks for watching enjoy this video all right all right all right so we have made it to Miami Beach and I'm back out in the same Anchorage uh that I was last year and the year before big news they're shutting this place down so in the past I've kept this Anchorage off of the public Spotlight um just because it's like I don't want I don't want to blow the spot up but now that they're shutting it down anyway I want to give you guys the full scoop of what it's like to literally live for free on your boat in Miami Beach Florida one of the most expensive places to live you can live for free on your boat in South Beach it is it's outrageous well well well what do we have here well you see got a little antsy needed a center console so we went scouring the markets and I found an identical Aqua Sport to the other one that I have so now I have matching identical Aqua Sports on opposite ends of the east coast and this one has a way newer engine on it so we're going to see what this thing's capable of we got a 2018 ech 90 a smoked prop yeah apparently it was backed into something on the trailer so we rented we didn't hear it run the guy was really cool and it's got a pretty good deal on it I think 4,300 bucks it's on a trailer pretty new motor rental truck we rented the old F-150 for you got to give them the whole scoop on what we went through today to make this happen so it's like 11:30 right now we are 2 and a half hours is away from the boats um we had a whole ordeal trying to figure out how to get a truck to get the boat um and Gus reserved a rental a rental car and we were taking an Uber to the rental place and it seemed like we were horn Works seems like we were just going to make it barely in time and and uh then as it turned out we were at the wrong rental place um we made it in time though um typical G we made it in time uh so we had to Uber out to the airport what's the word ah the uh well someone did a compression test before we bought it and they put the plugs in wrong cuz the plugs need to be indexed so I somewhat fixed that they lost a rubber piece that was in there so I put a piece of plastic in there and we're going to see if it runs but the keys are in the truck so Frosty had some uh some nice bottom paint in the tool shed so the aqua just getting a little treatment that algae down here that's nasty stuff you know keep her protected so a little side of the road paint job is necessary [Music] sometimes she's a runner she's a runner what do you think G of the E Tech so far I was a little scared at first cuz I started it tried to rev it in neutral and it wouldn't rev it was like it was misfiring or something but I guess it won't let you rev it unless you're in gear so it's fine on the test drive but to be honest it uh it's not as fast as my other one might need some prop adjustment so I got some bad news Frosty they just uh hung up signs in the whole Canal absolutely no docking no trespassing towway zone so we're uh so that mean we're stuck at Sea we're fudged we're fudged fudged but the Aqua Sport is just dandy the uh the water in the builds the hose the hose came off the The Bait pump the raw water pump was just pumping into the build dumping into the that'll that'll do you newat switch so she's safe now hell yeah at least we got fishing rods we can figure something out they really went to town with the toy stickers we just passed passed the uh we just passed the boat with the guys putting up the signs you know what they say what they say gu they said David Suarez David Suarez is doing this look at them they must have put up a couple Grand worth in signs right here good God it keeps going so I just counted they put up something like 60 signs 10 yard between them seems how much do you think that cost them 60 signs that who knows how much a sign basically um just south of the Venetian Causeway in Miami Beach um there's a nice open spot to Anchor and up until this year you could you could land your dinghy in the Collins Canal which is a little canal and it's it was such an awesome freaking set up basically there's over the last 5 years or so the influx of boats coming into the Anchorage has been insane if you look at Google satellite view like 3 4 years ago there were 20 boats then two years ago there were 50 boats and then now it's just outrageous so the city commission is cracking down they're they're they want people out of there um the argument is that there's Cruisers like me and Ethan that come through for a month or two and we do our thing and then we leave and the people that are really taking advantage are the people that have lived there are living there for you know are living there permanently and and they don't really use their boats and their boats don't look good and they they're not paying Miami Beach taxes so and a lot of them will claim they're paying taxes but they're not paying the ridiculous property taxes that any Miami Beach resident pays so I I kind of understand why the commission's doing what they're doing but the hope is that they would make an exception slash uh give the Cruisers a way to stay there on anchor you know even if we have to pay to land our dingies um it'd be nice to be able to stay there but basically what's happened is they took the dinghy do out in the colins canal they're going around doing inspections making sure everyone's sewage systems are are in check they boarded Ethan's boat checked his sewage system he had no problems um they were diving on Moorings making sure that nobody had permanent Moorings and that everyone was anchored properly um they're doing everything they can do to find people and to encourage people to leave um Miami Beach ultimately one point that should be made too is the Anchorage has has had somewhat turned into a a a for illicit businesses so there are a lot of people collecting boats 5 10 even 15 boats airbnbing them or just renting them out as a monthly basis and in some sort of slumlord fashion and um yeah airbnb's rentals uh there are claims of running illegal Charters out of the Anchorage oh I Gotta Give a quick freaking explanation for Ethan's little incident so right as I was starting to come down with my major health thing this year um I had my dad over at the boat we were hanging out and Ethan had the opportunity to take what was it 13 spring break girls all girls out on his boat so know you asked me if I wanted to come blah blah blah I was like you know I just didn't have the energy at that point um but nonetheless Ethan said I'm taking these 13 girls out on my boat and sure enough well he went to pick them up at a at a landing that is a questionable place to pick people up and I told him this but regardless of any of that the poor guy gets framed as an elal has an illegal charter boat and freaking taking drone pictures of his boat and he's and he ends up on the city commission meeting uh framed as an illegal charter boat so well let's play that clip right now we play that back another vessel named Frosty anchors his boat off Bell ale and uses moris gier for pickups and drop offs for his reservation here's a picture of him chartering Spring Breakers this past weekend with no onboard help and questionable Life Safety conditions one point we haven't really made is that this effort is largely has largely been spearheaded by one commissioner in Miami and it just so happened that he was out there when I was picking up a a pile of sorority girls and uh and he took pictures of my boat and he went the public shaming route with it um yeah did in the end no real repercussions but it it was kind of a a funny development um and so yeah I I guess in the end the future of the Anchorage is is questionable at this point um I think we pretty much got uh we got a hold of the last year of of landable anchoring there you know I I was still Landing in Miami beach but they had signs everywhere saying they would tow your boat and they were Towing boats and it was just a matter of being you know you know kind of smart and sneaky about it I guess you could say you know we got away with it but the bottom line is that unless they give you a way to land and and pay then the Miami Beach Anchorage is pretty much getting shut down so that's done yeah um last we heard they they were trying to make compromise 750 bucks a month for for land access by dinghy plus was it monthly cleanings and and weekly pump outs or something like that yeah the big stipulation was that they wanted you to Anchor a, ft from Shore so that literally disqualifies everyone in the Anchorage because quite frankly in the winter I would pay 750 bucks to land there if you know I could anchor where I want to Anchor but to be 1,000 ft from from Shore you're you're way out you're you're too far just another wonderful day in Miami Beach this time with random fireworks blazing I think to display the icon up the Seas the feds are out here tonight inspecting every single boat I shouldn't say the feds somebody's out here officers of the law look what they did to that sailboat over there they're screaming through here we have officers of the law uh out here tonight in Miami basically in expecting sewage systems so they already went to Frosty how'd that go Frosty Frosty got hit they um they got hit Rosy got hit they pulled up with the with the flashlight shining and they said we're here for we're here for sanitation inspection can we come aboard I said yeah showed them my sewage system which goes directly from the toilet to a tank and then there's a w valve um choosing to go to the deck or to the mider and overboard um so I explained explained that to the to them showed them the setup and um they gave me a little a little pill to flush down my toilet and um did that they didn't see anything going overboard so they left me on my way they didn't check fire extinguishers or flares or anything which we G just bought a bunch of a bunch of the above in anticipation of this yeah so there's been some big drama going on in the Anchorage lately and yeah they're going boat to booat checking sanitation systems sounds like they're being very nice when they're doing it one guy said he liked my boat the icon of the Seas newly the largest cruise ship in the world 1,200 ft long 165 ft beam that is INS insane watching them go out on a sea trial in the Port of Miami how we doing we're doing a little uh rail standing here essentially Micah did redid these rails he put three coats of epoxy wet systems with special clearer hardener resin on these things and I never varnished them so now the sun is damaging ing them they need to be varnished so I'm trying to sand off all the crap damage that's been done you can kind of see see all that it's messed up versus like back here you've got some really nice grainy wood anyways time for some sanding time for some sanding all right so we just finished sanding all of the Rails up and down the whole boat getting it ready for uh for varnish but now we're covered head to toe in sanding dust and I think I could cust myself that was a good solution to the sanding dust this is much better than Rhode Island Waters what much better than Rhode Island water oh yeah it is I think it's my turn basically there's all sorts of fun things to do around here that's why I like having the center console cuz you can just rip around you can go to the island you go to Monty so what M an island right there right now we're we're going to go to Monty's and meet up with Micah and our friend Todd sit at the bar have a drink get some food hell yeah just got to stop off at froi first I need some uh dry clothes drop top with it drop top whole shot total garbage dumpster motor and here we are just like that Miami Beach Marina sh that was a nice little ride love doing that ride how fast are we going 29 knots yeah about 30 yeah the other Aqua Sport is so much so much faster I don't know what the difference is but that was that was wide open we just held her wide the whole time I think the other one revs higher honestly little tourbo action so this is Monty's at Miami Beach Marina they give you a cool little spot to uh to tie up look at this Everglades 35t Everglades no windshield in that boat no windshield must be an older Everglades sure Kip would know big old yummies on it though all right we're going to tie up and go get some uh go meet our friends all right so right now we are going to retrieve our free water maker from Todd for some reason Todd doesn't want his water maker anymore and he basically said if you want it you take it out of my boat you can have it so we're going to take it out of his boat and it is a belt driven pump I don't know how I'm going to make it work in here here but free water maker we're starting with the uh control panel here let me undo these wise we got Tod this is my Bild pump this is the pressure pump for the water system and by the way Gus you were right um I took the strainer off and there was an air pocket in it no way yep that fixed it yep hell yeah that's your your water system yeah my freshw pressure system you were having low pressure um what would happen is if I ran it like it it would be perfect pressure when it came out it's 40 PSI when it comes out but then it would run out of water and it couldn't keep up with the flow and it's because there was an air pocket in the strainer so it wasn't creating a good vacuum to keep pulling water so mine does I get good flow but it like it kind of comes and goes as the pump kicks in and it was it like that yeah it was but would drop almost to nothing it would drop all the way down yeah all the way down oh I put that in backwards sorry do you have an accumulator Ethan I don't think I do in fact I'm sure I don't um that little pressure canister holds a little bit doesn't it g or is it just air this one what this is your accumulator yeah but it's it only holds a little bit of water right it's mostly air right yeah it's a it's a rubber diaphragm in half of it with air behind this half and water in the other half so your pump pumps this up and then this yeah and then it should create a vacuum to pull off the tanks yeah on the pump side yeah so Todd tell us about this uh water maker what's so it came with the boat I I the only thing I know about it is what I read in the documentation that I gave Gus earlier and um I have only turned it on twice and it did run and it actually did push water through the membranes but everything Downstream of the membranes uh was leaking and so so it was spraying and so I just turned everything off and didn't mess with it again yeah and that's the thing is it there was stuff in it Gus but I didn't pickle it so I don't know what the stay of the membranes are but the pump and everything may be worthwhile you know all right right here we have our belt driven pump look at that you can put an electric motor on that could I found the tube but I forgot to disconnect the clamp over there so I need you want me to you want to pull it out that way yeah cuz way less hose this way so I'll disconnect this clamp go back in the engine room Parts retrieved the RPMs are not direct most of we're probably 3 hours into this we got all our parts we had to do some serious hose tracing then Gus decided to just do some maintenance on Todd's end engine cuz he was down there already but uh COA and back to the boat so you got the water maker out did some maintenance r good thanks Todd thank you and thanks for cleaning it up what do you think brother you done we're done done so we have all sorts of water maker Jazz now from Todd's sailboat look at the size of these freaking membranes this thing is capable of producing 60 gallons an hour I bet you someone paid some big freaking money for this thing Jesus we're going to throw it in Bella and see if it works what do you think is it going to work well we got to figure out some way to drive the pump which is I think the the most immediate problem yeah um and other than that I mean we'll see what these membranes have to say and we can do some research and see see if they're revivable I'd say worst case I can just buy an electric pump I I wonder how much power it and see what would be nice is if I can run it off the generator then if I can PL if I can bracket that thing to the Gen set then whenever I'm running the generator we can make water for free essentially you know what's interesting is that it it was hooked up to the main engine so it's variable temp variable speed speed yeah you it just produces water proportionally to the speed the motor was running that is a very good point I would guess that it's going to work a lot better on a generator that runs at a constant 2800 or whatever it runs at800 I don't know what it runs at but 18 I'm sure mine runs somewhere lower than 28 we've got 15 knots of wind out of the East right now I want to do some kite surfing set the kite up go to the island I'm going to see what Ethan on Frosty's up to um yeah so I'm going to cook my omelet and hell yeah it's blowing good out here Gus is uh trying to get the handle on Little B of Kit okay went for a ride had to go retrieve sorry folks for I'm part of the Sou learning thing uh selftaught kite boarding you ready for some more reverse yeah so he's got the ti attack to the boat just trying to figure out how to drive it it's g into the trees oh recover of it was hooked up to his belt up to the boat and they took him away with the boat it pulled the anchor got the SL away attached to the boat it was a little bit but now it looks like he's getting it next thing you know we'll be on a board we played with fire we got burnt we're sailing G is skippering just keep us away from the Mansions this is what you call not traditional we are like the cruise sh or the tankers that put up a sail oh we are getting dragged see if you can get us around that corner tell me if you want intervention don't get wrapped up in that okay motor's down we are now Under full sale d we are dangerously close to some really nice houses but uh we got sail power and Reserve motor power so yes there's a good turn to Port keep it see if you can get it around yeah wrong firing up firing up reverse hard reverse all right hard reverse got a way from some big old houses that thing just dumped on us reverse keep it moderate reverse moderate reverse we're going to get some space that is something you can really you can really feel when when the wind catches that thing it takes this boat I can't even imagine what it's like on a on a board I bet no one's ever sailed an aqua for it before we're here in Miami Miami Beach and uh we are on our friend Micah well you guys know Micah by now he's been in some of my videos this is his sailboat Micah's sailboat making its first appearance on the channel so as you know by now Micah came to Maine helps me work on my boat look my hands all injured look what Micah did to me Micah has redone this whole boat he's got his engine room that's Marvin say hi Marvin what's going on guys and uh he just got these super badass fuel tanks made that we just hustled in here they're a quarter inch thick they're crazy so one's there this is his engine room he gel coated the whole engine room there's the other tank we squeezed it right in through here this is kind of just what's going on at the Anchorage nowadays too powerful little Anchorage this is what an old Ted Brewer sailboat looks like inside a lot of wood nice boat it's pretty cool and then you have a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hallway you climb through the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hallway and you got the master which is a little constructionyes you've got Ethan supervising union wages obviously and uh yeah so Micah did all these decks made them look really nice he's going for the very authentic look pretty cool and then this whole hatch thing he cut out for uh engine access as you can see there's no engine in here Q video of us pulling engine it runs on the Wind runs on the Wind hot air right now CU video of us pulling engine out with my crane last year got smoked in the face by propellers oh no a dead manity yeah holy crap that's a small one that's terrible that's pretty sad a how are you supposed to reported or something I forget what the process is I've never actually got seen with you're definitely supposed to report it that sucks there's such nice creatures should we drag it out from underneath the boat no I just called Tom he pull it out of there with your ores it deserves better deserves better than just rubbing up against an old Criss crap you're going to get it right we've been enlisted to move the manate to the authorities Mah Cowboy Micah Michael was making fun of our knot skills yesterday but he can't even try out a man see they're little fins make them kind of cute maybe it's just sleeping M no it's it's definitely missing a quarter of its head got to get my hands dirty as all right did you know manatee's eyes Clos like like camera lenses they like yeah oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] there's what is that is that a lizard a headless lizard a headless lizard what I'm so confused what I'm related to the manity or related to the vanity that thing's heavy dude yeah that would be the time to carve off a slice oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you're still fing the vanity does not tow like a boat it Towes like a big boat Man's first time on a plane when you feel it come around and catch oh no we are getting close new line on the resume right here manity telling endorsement off little smelly what are we going to do just tie this thing the you want put on the corner somebody will do something with it hey happy birthday I got you big old dead manity byebye manity Micah might be able to get it back oh he he got chunked pretty good how do you know it's a she it's got a vagina I think we should go by they them all right Micah this is New New Times here it's that's they I don't think it's a dude what's going on with the ech we got our first problem not e tech related second kind of oh yeah second failure the uh oh well I guess we've had a couple issues we've had the trim we've had the trim issue which is the trim switch that I the new one just came in this thing's toast Auto that's pretty minor and then we had the um the running out of fuel slash needed a fuel filter issue which was easily resolved and now the shift cable is freaking broke I don't know I need to find out if it's broken or I'm hoping the end of the cable popped out of the cable end there's usually two little set screws that hold the cable in because uh it'll go into reverse from forward when when it's pushing on the cable but it won't pull anything it's nothing in pull only in reverse so I'm going to take it apart see what we can find n he all right all right all right where are we and what are we doing is the real question it's day two of the Miami boat show we are taking the water taxi across from the Miami beach side of things to the windland side of things so we can see some big boats we're going over to Bayside for the boat show today and really looking forward to it all right so as you guys know we're not really Sailors but we're here at the sailing part of the boat show mainly because well out of respects for Micah Micah loves the sailboat so but last year the Jano 60 was my favorite sailboat so this year they have the Jano 55 it looks like a really nice beamy machine so we're going to go check it out and then maybe we can drag this guy to the power boo you're doing this for me I'm doing this for you he does care cares so this is the cockpit Ford of the helm where you drive this thing from and we're going to go on down to what I think is the galley wow see I really like these boats they don't want me in there straps so this is the Jano 55 monoh hole sailboat really really cool nice nice this is the master suite have like a full sizee shower and you got me pretty cool I think it's really cool that they have the cabins after of the galley area and you have electric heads and then there's one cabin on each side really cool so over here is the other cabin it's really nice hel station that's this is a really cool concept something that you guys just saw me go through essentially when you go to align your shaft in your boat to your engine um to get it perfect is is almost impossible so this is a a constant velocity joint it's a CV joint um that bolts between your transmission and your shaft coupler and it can take up up to 3° of misalignment and dampens vibration really cool because the only other style that I've seen is like that rubber style where you clamp it together and uh it's just not the same this is like really heavy duty I like it pretty cool is it two grand for if I wanted them for my boat it would be two grand per side this is for a smaller one but neat never seen it you ever seen this I've never SE seen that this 65 ft Lagoon catamaran looks really freaking nice so we're going to go take a look at it all right there's a lot of rooms in this boat and this isn't really a boat tour video so I'll feature one of these cabins but there's four of these cabins they're identical almost identical and uh really really nice boat this is a big boat oh hey how doing this thing's massive I was just talking about how I can't do a full tour of this thing cuz it's massive but it's really nice on and on it's really nice with the the full fly bridge C camaran I think are a really cool oh yeah I'm going to go to the fly bridge wow sailing catamaran with a full fly bridge absolutely insane this is nice like this is I don't know if this is really sailing is this sailing do people sell these or do you just motor efficiently I wouldn't know yeah do you do they need I always thought the Dual Helm thing was for when you're healed over it is these things don't heal do they they do oh no you know what it's it's not for when you're healed over it's for it's for what tack you're on your sales blocking half your view ah look at us figuring out sailing yeah we don't s look at this I don't know this is the highest quality boat that we've been on thus far I think even maybe even more quality than the Jano you can really tell looking at the trim work is the trim work is it is it yeah this is that boat yeah anything's possible enough time I think I like it you like it I like I don't like the big stick thing but the rest of it you think G you like the big stick thing up there I like it I can I can uh I can get with the efficiency of it we'll get you days you water maker yeah water maker and everything this is an Tremor 55 right 55 it's got a bathroom ELO oh with water views look at that what did you just buy for your sailboat Micah literally just bought one of these brand new it's getting shipped to them to alternator set up balart you excited very excited since we humored Micah by coming to the sailboats now we go to the power boats I'm so excited for power Bo love power boats me too and we'll terrorize Micah all day uh with power boat stuff and yeah it be felt the Jolly Rancher that's literally squishy oh that dude that's a mess I I just got a sem nice all right we're headed over to to the world in big boats and we're just we're going to look for into Deep's next uh Bell's upgrade yeah I don't know if we're in the right place for that we should be at yeah we should be at like wherever the last hurricane took place you hear what I just said mic tell them where we are right now I'm not repeating it I said all the pretty girls are at the power boats Micah says they're all gold diggers anyways we made it to the power boats and I have I'm over stimulated right now rosty over stimulated you you want you want yourself a good girl she's going to know how to sit not saying a power boat girl won't be good I'm just saying that you know you're guaranteed with the Sailor to be decent human being you got to I've never met a g who knew how a sale that wasn't like awesome I've never met a g s so environmentally I don't know if I've ever met a g that's the thing I've never met one that s hey throw that line toward me it's more of a theoretical thing I theorized that girls know how to S unen oh here we got a big all right we're going to do some looking around now if you're going for a modern-day boat you don't see teak like inch and a half Boards of te you don't see that on anything other than sport so mad respect I hate to say it not my thing but mad respect in the Woodwork they're doing it right all right so we just toured the inside of this uh 52t Horizon power cat now I'm going up to the fly bridge dude I could do gymnastics up here this is cool huh aive the inside of this boat's pretty nice this is a horizon 52 this is the AFT portion of the fly bridge and I come on in here wow this is really comfy this air conditioned in here this is nice this has a qsb 8.3 lit cumin in it two of them wow look at the room on the bow look at this idiot up your boat right there bouncer thrusters pretty cool it's not a sa extra six horsepower in case anyone ever wondered how these new 600 Merc steer the only the lower unit turns it's freaking amazing it's so cool and that's a unit of an engine wow thing weighs 1,200 lb look who showed up what's going on you guys know the Vibes both Vibes in case you don't know this is boat Vibes my homie great guy good stuff met him down here in Florida we're having a great old time here in Miami Bo show you need get something like this I was just telling the lady over there that I can't own anything that pops this Pops I I have a bad track record with things that pop um especially expensive things that pop yeah $40,000 poppable things look at Ethan over here this is how you know I've made it guys eyes and now I'm looking at these mer Cruiser Stern Drive setups they still make the Alpha One except now they have some weird proprietary mer Cruiser engine with the intake in the back at the transom seems a little weird I don't know why they stopped using GM Motors but s 83 that might be a GM motor that is definitely a GM motor so it's just this one then but this is their V12 600 horsepower cutaway look at those valves looks like a six oh that's the valve seat that's not the valve the valve is moves within the seat it is a B12 where the hell are the rest of the solders down here yeah there they are found them found him all right so by now I'm sure everyone's heard of seae keeper seeper is a gyro that you plant SL Mount inside of your boat and they have have this super cool freaking setup here at the boat show where there's a mini seeke keeper spinning on along right in here give that thing some roll holy crap it won't even let you that's crazy it's way quicker than you would think it could be if you try and throw it wow holy crap all right so we've made it to the docks we made it out eventually time so give give a little what what are these things that we're looking at so these are Valhalla center consoles which is Vikings um center console line they're just bad they are really good looking boats look at this nice wood it's like a sportfish center console it's it's just sexy is what it is it's pretty nice and comfortable and I one three I believe it runs off of some kind of fossil fuel that's a beautiful freaking lineup oh I love Midnight Express I think they make some badass boats so let's get two more perspectives power Boer if I wanted to go 100 Mil an hour I would love Midnight Express also not my first choice in the big center console game but I have an appreciation for them M too much fossil I don't want to give an opinion cuz I don't want to get murdered by a drug dealer oh there's an opinion in itself look at this they sell these mercs in all these different packages so these are Concepts we just passed Deep Impact I believe this is Deep Impact what color Merc would you guys get I would I like this color orange classic pus offwhite 4208 Marlo Voyager cool boat 977 it's got C32 oh it's got C32 be's 2,000 horse each b s for big for booty big big old fuel belt big old fuel bills check out my shoes though all right so we just toured an absolutely amazing amazing vessel this is the Marlo Voyager 90 and we can't show the inside of this boat because all these boats are owner owned and um you know they're they're built for the owners but this is Rod and he really took us on an awesome tour we toured the Marlo 58 Voyager and then we just toured the Marlo 90 this is the 90 right that is the 90 yes sir and um yeah you guys are based out of our headquarters is uh on the west coast of Florida just south of Tampa about 40 minutes uh typically have about 15 to 20 of the Marlos there at any given time they're in for service for commissioning for sale uh by far the best way to learn about the boats so here's the thing these boats are are built unlike most boats that are built nowadays these are truly quality boats um they're built to last and and they're not they are not skimping on anything these are really quality boats so definitely check out Marlo yachts and this is Rod awesome awesome guy took really good care of us thank you so much man seriously appreciate it we had such a good time all right so we're going to climb on this back Cove 340 right now with Outboards but before we do that I want to give one extra shout out to Rodrigo from Marlo Yachts he's a broker and he took us through two of their boats and honestly the boats are so high quality there's no wood Coring in this boat first of all he had so he took so much pride in showing us the construction of these vessels and truly truly awesome like he had utmost patience with us and clearly he knew that we you know don't have the money to buy these boats but honestly amazing he took us through and uh gave us full in-depth tours did not leave out a single detail so with that said we're going to move on from that yeah showed us two boats this is a main built boat right here you got to love a good main build we're going to go back to the production stuff now and I'm going to hop aboard this back Cove 340 and um it's got twin 400 mercs on it Micah is already off of it so clearly he's not Marlo so I don't care they haven't even put Electronics in yet oh it's got a separate I will say the joinery is much nicer than um other production books yeah and it's actual wood which is really cool it's a pretty big 34 honestly yeah this is a comfortable cabin oh wow there's a lot of nice Woodwork in here good thing I have a multiple day ticket here because we have run out of time and we're going to have to get back on the ferry soon guys guys spent a lot of time talking to the prop Glide guy good guy all right this is a frer this is a Austrian brand really cool looking boat we're going to check it out real quick looks like it has twin IO Volvos on it wow wow T Dex super mega luxury I feel like I should be in Italy right now this thing's creep I think I feel like this is the boat that like you would Chase James Bond in oh big or James Bond would run away James Bond wouldn't wouldn't in this because it's got Volvo drives and it would break when he's at the most pivotal point he knows he needs straight shafts in his boats he needs some reliability not Volvo out that's a VI for sure in the Seven Seas everybody's looking for something all right so in case you guys don't know Yard House is like my favorite place in Miami Beach so we just came from the boat show we walked into Yard House how did we get here oh well we were supposed to take the water taxi the water taxi closed down early so we got on a bus anyways we walked in something was a little abnormal about yard house today so the boat Show's going on and they we got approached and they and these people said hey if you want to try out our special wings with our special spices go check out our table see our clothing that we sell and and stuff anyways fish shizzel fish shizel spices they've got the Cajun blend rub they've got the Special Blend rub which is more of a sweet rub they gave us free Wings they gave us free beers they gave us free pizza and they're super nice people so we're hanging out having a good time fish isling check out fish shizzel we might be one of the only group of people that are going to go to the Miami Boat Show by boat today we don't have to walk and uh yeah I mean the boat's going to be pretty much untable very illegally parked but untable so if you were to look on Google Maps to see where we are right now this is called the Collins canal and it runs pretty much straight into the center of South Beach it's freaking cool so this is literally our access to South Beach all right so this is our legal docking for the boat show tied up motor off tied up to the bridge bull send Billy go gr hanging out under the bridge yeah all right we made it we made here we are are at the convention center there is so much cool stuff here it is insane so we're going to check it out look around and these mastercrafts although they're not ocean boats they are so sick look at that paint job wow that is so sick to as well as the aqua I think it probably toes a little better than the aqua better than the aqua definitely a little better it's freaking Straight Shaft inboard wow this is way too clean for me to step foot on the other day Ethan was saying that these motors existed these these Evan rude Motors that just sat underwater the whole motor sat under waterer I'm like no you're lying that's a joke of some sorts well apparently they actually do have some crazy motor that stays underwater that looks unreliable all right so we're going to go for a little ride here on my uh uh what are we on I don't know but it's got two it's got twin 400s so I'm going to trim her down all right theong gear hard shift all right I'm just going to hold it wide open whole shy ready to the boards we are screaming all right I'm going to trim up oh yeah good how's the throttle response feel we're at 6,800 we're doing 45 mph all right we're going to do full reverse ready dump it that was most seamless full board the PO reverse shift I've ever seen in my life it's almost like they didn't even change direction all right we need a little port side thrust all right yellow fin makes a nice center console we're going to go check out this 39 offshore yellow fin this thing is such a fishing machine they have no Creature Comforts you don't get seats or a sun Pad but you do get fishing rod holders every 36 in so and you get an easily washable floor or deck I should say and you get an insane freaking sound system look at this they only have electric steering servos on the outside Motors and then they use tie rods to turn the inner Motors and then this so one for two Motors so this is just like a safety cable to connect the motors in case something were to fail not only that but you also have a freaking window in your fish box look at this Helm you got two massive garments all of your switches are on the Garmin display there's nothing well I guess what really the stuff that matters they have redundant redundant butter or buttons for so we're looking at fountains now Fountain makes a nice boat this is the 39 DX check it out wow love the upholstery right off the bat look at this thing that's a freaking nice boat that's just a hang dual console quality looking unit oh wow can go to sleep in there microwave this must be the head there's the head wow then you get into fountains race look at that look at this wow not very much visibility for that those 85 look at the freaking speakers oh my God sloves the speakers this the boat probably slams oh you have a whole area down here oh my God that's insane you have a nice watertight door too but it's missing part of the seal lots of subwoofers and speakers it's an epic day boat this would be one hell of a party boat yes it would be that's for sure check this out look you even lift the hatch it's got more speakers oh my God this might be the boat I would get if money were No Object freaking sweet they put the C Rays next to the not C Rays this is a boat wow these boats are so sick so sick wow oh wow holy luxury for a center console this is insane I'm sure the owners of these boats do not do drugs on this table that would just be you know look at the new moo Moo's fre cool they put this thing right on the ground flat bottom oh the 17 Grady White look at the size of these XTO holy crap they're massive look at this this is the Grady White 386 center console wow look how nice this is oh my God buil in Grill your price range your price guess price guess on this bad Larry probably a mill Mill pretty much on the did you see it on that paper right there yeah fun game we were play so this is like the same boat as the one we were just on just bigger and it is big for a center console absolutely insane this is Everglades this is one of Southport marinees Brands Everglades makes a nice boat a cool 14 Grand a month let's go check it out wow Everglades really does make a nice nice boat though if you want one you're in the Northeast go see Southport Marine I'll put their information in the description tell them Gus sent you go see Brent Brent at Southport Marine to get yourself an Everglades Cobia cpro that's a big center console this one's got a seat keeper this one's got a seat keeper that's the seat keeper control yeah everybody gets a control panel on this boat no way wow you got a nice cabin let's look at the head beautiful head holy crap you have a separate shower in a center console that's the first time I've seen that can watch TV nice little seating area up front can iing is this where you would sit i' sit there or up top ah all right so we've made it to Scarab actually not bad 200 grand for thing wow this is a nice this is a very comfy boat holy crap it's big inside that's what I'm saying and it's only $200,000 look at the paint job on that Malibu so I am here with Stephen and this is the the latest technology in electric Outboards it is a propess outboard engine it works off the premise of a jellyfish you want to tell them a little more about it sure yeah this is uh this is finex this is a startup from France um and this is their first commercialized product that they have out it's called the fins and it's really cool it works without without a propeller like you said um using the same concept of a jellyfish propulsion so you can see right now is a supp throttle moves water through the membrane like this heting it out and then the difference of pressure more water will fall behind wow this is a 2 KW motor right now we're only running about 10% cuz it's a small tank um and I don't want water to Splash everywhere any more than that it'll Splash out blend by color no risk of getting chopped up with this runs on a 48v it's a 48v system so he's got one life po battery here and yeah so I think we are going to get together with stevenh and we're going to try this thing out in in Miami Bay so he's going to launch his dinghy we'll tell him out the center console and we'll go uh we'll go do a little trial little trial action with the jellyfish electric outboard engine what do you think Ethan excited to see you go interesting concept really cool concept so awesome so how was the boat show I'm now representing Suzuki because a pretty girl gave me this flag um I I've hit my 10,000 steps I definitely got oh this poop did you step in it uh no cool um and now the boat's still there it's fun you know I've never I've spent so much in my childhood looking at big old center consoles online but that's the first time I've ever really gotten to go explore the boats from the internet and it's just a 45t center console is like a whole different world boat than our boats it's a big freaking unit big freaking unit all right all right all right so today is the first beautiful day in a couple days I mean every day is beautiful right but today's the first like blue sky awesomeness in a couple days and look at that in the background now I don't have green green [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] cuz I painted that we are going to feature the new jellyfish style outboard electric outboard runs on a 48 volt lithium battery it it's it's effectively an outboard engine without a propeller so some people might say oh well those exist in jet form well Jets still have impellers inside um it's just a contained propeller versus a propeller which is not contained this works off of some crazy jellyfish diaphragm type thing that it's like a diaphram that pulses so I'm really excited to see how this thing works it's going to be crazy I I can't wait all right all the wind out today it's really freaking refreshing it's like the humidity is much lower than Florida the sun is cranking though it is like really nice the jellyfish is here this is so exciting what's up what's going on M how you doing all right so right now I am walking with the finnes jellyfish outboard that is the propulsion device right there going to get ready to put it on uh put it on the dinghy really exciting this is going to be cool off he goes with the jellyfish wow and it's moving pretty good holy crap oh my God is that 35 all right so here we have Stephen with the what is this called so this is uh from a French company called finx uh and basically they make Motors without propellers so they're experimenting with different propulsion systems using biomimicry So based on the motion of a of a dolphin's tail this one from example is the jellyfish motion um this is their first uh commercialized product that they just put out on the market they made about I think 50 of them in a factory in Normandy and this one is is very simple the motion the way it works here is you have uh this membrane this is the only moving piece here through a series of electromagnets that vibrate back and forth um and it vibrates this rubber piece drawing water in from the sides shooting it out over the the cone opening here and then that creates a a difference in pressures between this opening and the other side of the pot so more water will follow that way it's basically principle all right and let it rip this is the front mot the front yep and then this would be the back here but the motor itself rotates 360 so you can direct the thrust in any direction since you don't have a reverse like a traditional propeller um then basically the the main advantage is that you can you can touch it while it's running so if I twist a drle right now I'm not going to get I'm not going to get Blended like a traditional propeller there's going to be no cuts and no no accidents if you have kids swimming around a boat that sort of thing wow and that's really the only as far as maintenance too you know there's no oil changes there's no there's no at risk of leaking oil or give it Full Throttle so as you can see so I'm going to lower it down that thing puts the down approaching us now is the world's first propellerless electric outboard engine the world's first propellerless outboard engine in general your hand right on put his hand right in the prop what prop wow that's how it works check that out I'm going to spool her out then we'll stop so it's not exactly the fastest thing um this is a soft bottom bris inflatable and it's moving us probably 2 and 1 half three knots I think he did a speed test at three knots wow this is the only model in the US right now they're going to start importing it soon the fin X model S all right all right so today in Miami I think screaming essentially uh these guys are pulling junk out of the water that uh like sunk in boats and and whatnot that other people have left here irresponsibly look at them dropping Spud Nick a lot of awesome people here a lot of awesome people here couple bad players my friend Mike uh has really really made big pushes to try and uh you know clean this place up and and get the bad out and you know let the good the good people you know be able to stay and stuff like that um if your boat runs works and you take it cruising you know this I think you should be allowed to come back here and and spend some time here and then kind of move on but to to permanently live somewhere on a boat that doesn't run you don't maintain it it it never moves so you can only imagine where the waste is going it's it's a very understandable predicament um as much as I love the ability to do this and stay here for free I would rather pay some money um and get all the the really bad boats out of here and oh look at this they're dropping that Spud right now I love this Maritime construction stuff really freaking cool stuff I'm going to get out of here give these guys the room to to do what they want probably go over to the island and hang out there for a bit it is Saturday April 20th holy crap it's 4:20 and uh it is 6:30 a.m. and for those of you that don't know actually probably none of you know I just got out of the hospital I spent a month in the hospital um getting some crazy major abdominal surgery it was absolutely brutal I lost like 20 lb now I need to gain it back I'm recovering still probably over a month till I'm till I'm right but uh basically this whole situation kind of changed my life um you know you forget what you had forget what you have until your until your health is terrible and then it's just crazy situation anyways um I'm going to watch the sun come up offshore today it's really calm out and uh yeah I'm going to take the Aqua Sport out of government cut and I'm going to watch the sunrise all right so some of you guys are probably wondering or a lot of you guys are probably wondering why the hell were you in the hospital for a month and what happened to you so I never really expected to be explaining this to the public eye but I think it might be inight F to a lot of you guys um and I'm sure some of you guys are in the same boat as me so since 2015 mid high school I have had something called Crohn's disease for those of you that don't know what that is it's when your immune system attacks your small intestine for absolutely no reason at all other than to cause one's pain and Agony um and limit your diet so food is like one of my favorite things on the planet um I completely eliminated Dairy from my diet because I noticed that Dairy really bothered me um and I really tried to take the holistic approach towards towards managing this which is I didn't take any medication or I haven't been on any medication for it in a long time um and I've just been trying to eat good and stay away from things that that didn't agree with me uh until now basically halfway through our more than or less than halfway through our season down here in Florida I started feeling these weird pains in my back and I thought it had something to do with my kidneys and this and that I dealt with it for a while and then finally I went to the doctor and started getting blood work done and everything looked decent but there were some scary things in the blood work and this and that and then finally I'm like all right I I'm having trouble sleeping now this is so uncomfortable so I went into the hospital they did a CAT scan and they found that the Crohn's disease had caused this major infection in my intestine it was a large fluid collection an abscess so they tried to have people drain it or or have Interventional Radiology drain it and they they weren't comfortable doing it and then they tried to treat it with antibiotics and that wasn't working so ultimately they had to go in there and cut out the diseased portion of my bowel and they also took my appendix because um I guess that was starting to to get inflamed because what they cut out was so close to it and I don't think you really need your appendix so it's kind of like preventative maintenance or whatever but um after surgery they took me off the antibiotics almost right away I I got sent home a little over a week later and then I ended up back in the hospital again in excruciating pain turns out an infection came back so they had to put me back on antibiotics and it has just been a wild ride a little over a month in the hospital in total and just just terrible pain and oh but you know I I come out of this now I'm feeling a whole a lot better I'm still far from being 100% but I'd say in the next month or two I will be um at this point it's been 3 weeks or three and a half weeks since the operation and I'm getting better and better day by day I really have to watch what I eat I can't eat a lot um you know I'm gaining back the weight that I lost in surgery and just from being in the hospital not eating and laying in a bed all day which is totally um brutal for me I mean I like to run around and do stuff and be productive every day so that was really hard on me but um I'm back and yeah I'm hoping that now that they cut out the diseased portion um I should be good to go for a while theoretically I've read a lot of good things between Reddit and and just the internet in general um so that's basically my story of what happened to me this season it it all in all basically turned off about two months of my season down here poor Ethan's sitting on his boat by himself you know I came out of this with a with even more of a different perspective on life um you know really really appreciate life and uh life is nothing without Health today is the 26th I believe and on Saturday me and Ethan head out of Miami and we started our Trek North this season I'm going to I'm going to take you guys along for everything that I get myself into up in Maine so stay tuned a lot of exciting stuff coming and yeah thank you guys for watching as always if you like the videos hit that subscribe button all righty good morning good morning from Miami so I am getting ready to leave Miami and go do some Florida Keys cruising but my port side engine is in need of a couple things I pulled the cover off first things first this cylinder number one injector has been leaking ever so slightly for a while now right around where the hold down nut bolts the injector into the head um so I already tried to tighten the return line tried to tighten the feed line the injector itself is literally leaking where the body screws on um on top of that this water pump as you might be able to see there's a little bit of pink coming out of the wee pole the water pump is leaking a little bit so I just ordered a new genuine cumin pump I already have a new genuine cumin injector first things first I'm going to change the injector and then uh once the pump comes in I'll do the pump so that'll be cool cool fix a very tiny minor coolant leak and one slightly leaking injector all righty so this is where I'm at in my injector job I've got a lot of the hold the line hold Downs off um I'm going to break the the main line I'm going to break the line loose right here with my cros basically that's the setup get right in there you just love when things fit so nicely that's one thing I love about these engines and especially where they're located in the boat it's so easy to work on it's like it's like you just have this engine on a platter and you're just you can walk all around it and you can do whatever you need to do it's freaking amazing so injector coming out all right injector lines off and the injector is out it was kind of not fun to get out of there I had to use a um series of different prying and hammering but I did no damage to anything which is spectacular and this injector looks pretty I don't know it's almost like they put anti-as all over it before they put it in which I I don't doubt they probably did but I will use something else actually you know what I will use I'll show you exactly what I'm going to put on this injector I'm going to use a little bit of this little Marine grease Quicksilver all right so one awesome awesome feature about this boat is onboard air this little freaking thing is sticking cuz of the salt water I got to oil it so right here here is the new injector and the old injector fortunately they appear to have the same size nozzles on them I actually didn't look to see how many holes were in the nozzle but the injector itself is definitely the same straight from Cummins this one actually doesn't look too bad honestly but it's getting replaced it was leaking all right we're ready for reinstallation I have cleaned the injector hole I just need to change that copper washer I've blown out the injector line I've cleaned up the end one end was a little little uh corroded so I cleaned it up some really fine sandpaper and yeah now I'm going to get ready to throw the new injector in go f no leaks minimal dirtiness not without severe mess um changing the main coolant circulation pump this one's junk it was leaking only a tiny tiny bit but I lost a crazy amount of coolant down into the build even though I tried to drain most of it into gallon jugs um yeah getting her done Lazy Sunday in the Anchorage aha we're going to do some boat stuff today cosmetic work uh long overdo projects that I should have been doing weeks ago in the warmth here but Ethan is going to help me and we're going to tackle some separate projects all located on the AF deck I'm going going to stand and paint the um the fairing that is just green splots everywhere and he's going to scrape that aluminum uh safety hatch whatever for the app cabin that has been losing its paint for a while now I really should fa that too but I feel like with a coat of paint it won't look that bad what do you think it's like not terribly out it could use a little more that means fairing that definitely means fairing this should work to scrape this this the edges of this will gouge the aluminum and then the paint won't so you know what I mean just make sure that you stay flat with it this is like my OCD dream I've been preventing myself from picking off the paint for so long now I get to do all of it what do you think the odds are I sliced myself open by the end of this I was going to tell you don't cut yourself but I didn't say it cuz I thought it would be obvious that it doesn't usually stop you but I always freaking cut myself when I'm playing with razor blades I always slice my finger open it sucks it G is Bearing Incorporated not yet for higher so we're going to take a little Gander here we're going to start out today with some 80 grit sandpaper we're going to try and blast this aluminum down to some nice paintable stuff with my Amazon sanding discs I've never bought sanding discs off Amazon before so I'm curious to see how they [Applause] operate 12 13 16 oh 17 fire this is Frosty's nightly routine to get his it's 3:45 in the morning almost it's amazing that thing's a decent runner for what it is I'm going to wake up everyone in the Anchorage everyone's going to love it check out these guys setting up anchor they're going to run right into this guy they we're over there now they're right there wind's picking up a little bit it's going to be windy we're going to blow right into that guy everyone's blowing around all right so it's just another random morning in Miami whatever I started the generator to cook some breakfast and I'm looking outside and I can cook breakfast without the generator on the inverter but if I'm running the microwave and the stove I like to uh I like to start it up just cuz that takes a lot off the batteries you know I might as well it's a cloudy day I might as well just run this for 20 minutes and it's good so anyways I'm looking outside and the exhaust is awful like Smoky so my initial reaction is go down on the side of the boat and smell the smoke see if it's like smoke this or that so I determined it was steam so I'm like all right this thing must be running hot check this out this has been happening over and over again like not even kidding over and over again the freaking strainer plugs itself up with so much [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it's insane like I don't even know how the through hole for the generator is just not big enough um nor does it have a nor does it have a a screen on the bottom of the boat so it it's just a hole definitely a big issue all right let's fire up the old unit so she can uh cool herself down I bet you it's pumping way better now and it'll stop steaming oh yeah look at all the water see the steam steam's going to go away right when it PS itself down way more water oh I love easy simple fixes so much charging the batteries and got the air conditioning running she's just thriving she's thriving good morning good morning from tavanir Florida I'm finally at the point where I am moving around and eating again I lost like 20 lbs it was absolutely brutal I'm in kilargo right now me and Ethan are actually in kilargo Ethan is somewhere right here I wanted to come back here because you may remember from the last video we did a walkthrough of this other guy's 53 foot hatus and I've been in contact with him and we're back here because he's got some parts for me and I've got some help to provide him with anyways uh right now me and Ethan are going to clean the bottom of my boat good morning good morning how you doing Ethan I'm ready to go swimming clean this girl up get ready for the trip North and uh oh yeah enjoy some cold or some warm water while we still have it yeah it's actually a lot warmer this time around than it was the last time we were here but yeah so tell them the plan we we are heading north soon yeah in a week or so we're heading north um both of our boats pulling anchor and and firing it up and and going um Gus is the plan is we're going to do two days together up the Florida coast Gus is going to take off on a long run cuz he's got way more tankage than I am run from PM Bay to Morehead my sister's coming down to help me we're going to do essentially two 25h hour runs pombay to Charleston is then to Morehead we will reunite in Morehead we're going to make the northern stops that we didn't get to make on the way down cuz it was cold and brutal and uh we're going to burn some diesel yeah and I'm just I'm I'm so excited guys ch be awesome I can't wait on the next note now that we're down in the keys and the crystal clear waters I want to talk about this gear right here enclosed in beautiful backpack carrying case is a smacko dive setup all right so I want to take a moment to show you guys this awesome smacko setup so smacko is a company um that produces dive gear that is Catered more toward the everyday not diving deep user um you know especially especially since diving can be dangerous if you're not certified smacko was nice enough to send me this s700 tank setup this is one of their bigger or maybe the biggest one that they offer they they actually sent me the electric compressor or it can run a 110 or 220 AC but it can also run on 12 volts DC so you can Plumb this thing right up to the batteries in your boat fill your s700 dive tank you can actually fill any of the smacko tanks with this dive compressor I hooked it up um filled this tank I didn't keep track of exactly how long it took to fill but I was impressed at the setup uh you can Purge the water and any condensate out through here by bleeding a little air off with the bleed valve I'm going to put this thing on right now um Ethan is in the water on the hookah line off of the tank so this is how I've done it traditionally tank hookah line how's it working the mouthpiece is kind of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] but I'm going to give it a shot I'm not sure how well it's going to work with the hose you know yeah it's not working well I literally just jumped in oh so I'm going to it doesn't work great in the air with the gravity of the hose but I'm thinking maybe under water it'll just float a little better oh yeah yeah yeah so Ethan was basically just drowning himself there for a little bit so I just cut the mouth piece off of one of my or my backup regulator on my dive setup slapped her on there can't imagine these things are too expensive the underside is not looking too bad after 6 months sitting there no I mean it's a little furry but I was expecting more well it should be easy to clean then we put a coat of a blade of paint uh when we had it on the hard well Frosty actually did most of the painting So smacko s300 dive tank is basically just a tank with a mouthpiece and it hangs out of your mouth the s700 comes with this backpack comes with remote pressure gauge which I have it charged right up to the top of the green and then your mouthpiece and the mouthpiece is actually it's quality unit pretty impressive really excited to see how it works so we're going to go try it out right now doesn't taste bad that's a good sign all right I'm ready to hit the water I got my earplugs in the only thing that sucks is that the strap is hitting my scar hopefully we don't tear anything how we doing Ethan the water's pretty damn stagnant here which is annoying but oh so it's Cloud it clouds up pretty easily you just got to keep moving around yeah uh but yeah you know give it a give it a scrape and give it a quick scrub it it shots blue hell yeah props look good props look good good good sh well the smacko is working great so I'm going to uh I'm going to grab my scraper and do some cleaning all right so I just got out of the water with the smacko I should have put the timer on to see how long it lasted I would guess in the area of 25 30 minutes but I'm going to charge it back up right now and then I'll time how long it takes to run through the tank while I'm cleaning the boat so probably breathing a little heavier my wound seems to have survived I actually feel really good in the water it's like I'm fine so I am excited about that and uh yeah so right now I'll show you how I recharge this thing using the electric compressor that they gave me all right so show you how to hook this thing up first things first provided filter click that on there all right click your 90 your hose or whichever way you want to use it I don't think it really matters so now you've got your filter and you've got your line and let's hook her up Ready Set start start so I will see how long it takes to go from empty to right where the green hits the red what's really Nifty about this is that you can set um you can set the compressor cut out so it's set at 3,000 which is right where the green hits the red wow I will say my abs are super freaking sore right now they really hacked me open all right so it's 45 minutes and we are there so I'm going to hit stop I'm going to hit stop but I'm going to leave this on so that the fans can run for a little bit to cool this unit down I'd also like to add that I used the bleed valve a couple times during the fill to let to let uh any water that accumulated in the trap out before it came to the line into the tank all right here we go let's see how long the smacko lasts bam we'll subtract let's say 30 seconds for me to get in the water all right so the verdict on the smacko s700 time underwater it lasted 22 1/2 minutes that's with me breathing um and you have to keep in mind that I was scraping the bottom of the boat so I was definitely breathing a lot more than I would be if I were pleasure diving at a reef or something so so far very impressed quality unit it's not like lugging around a BCD on your back when you're diving it's it's a lot more simple it's just you you put the backpack on and you're good to go what's up so you guys might recognize this boat right here this boat right here is the hatus 53 that I showcased in my video when me and all my friends were down here in the Keys and today we're going to hop aboard and see what sort of progress he's made I think he's made a lot of progress what do you think Ethan I'm excited to see the boat man's planning on moving his family out out down to the boat he's converting one engine room into a dining room so I'm excited to see what that looks like um and uh yeah I think it'll be cool sweet all right let's go see the uh let's go see the progress Sean made wow look at that floor holy crap looks good in here the many splits work like a charm yeah the mini split that oh wow look at that that thing is cranking he's got the two units right there and right there there's my old ladder I traded him woo so we got all this flooring done you're trying to run out of the frame I was trying to new stove wow that thing's brand new that thing's beautiful holy crap I need a stove like that in my boat the kitchen or the dining room family dinner over the old Detroit holy crap so this is literally his new dining room he cut down the whole wall that encases the port side engine room or the starboard side engine room I keep getting disoriented cuz it's in the slip this is the starboard side this is the starboard thing backed into the slip yeah wow RP I mean I could I could dig having dinner over the glass Detroit what do you think oh I could I could definitely little glass top on here I saw a thing online of a a cat conference room at caterpillar and they had probably a really nice a big glass table on a block wow well that's pretty neat so right now what I'm going to do is block off his uh port side fresh water feed because he's feeding from the starboard side and the port side check valve is bad so he's spewing water out of the deck up there um I suggested replacing the check valve but it sounds like he just wants me to block this off so that's what I'm going to do right here with the hopefully right size a cap W that thing's tight mission accomplished all right so we're talking to Sean and he's like dude I'm trying to get rid of all this stuff I'm just throwing it away do you want any of it so I got myself all sorts of goodies a new fly bridge Helm chair a nice one the AFT ladder which I already have um but I just wanted to take it cuz he was going to throw it out and I feel like I could make a boarding ladder out of it me and my junk collecting is out of hand but he also gave me uh a couple boxes of miscellaneous boat stuff Onan stuff old Detroit stuff that some I got some Detroit stuff baby we'll give all the Detroit stuff to Frosty cuz we don't have that maybe maybe a lot of it will probably work even though it's 871 versus 671 I bet a lot of it it's the same and uh and then I swapped um fly bridge ladders with him so I gave him my redone mahogany steps and I got the original setup that's I really wanted the original setup anyway but um yeah so I'm excited I can't wait to have this chair on the fly bridge that's going to be like that's going to huge so we're going back to Bella I'm going to get some uh outlet plate covers to install on his boat for him and then we're probably going to oh he wants to take us fishing tonight but I don't know I need to see how I'm feeling cuz I can't be can't be going full full-blown animal just yet we did spend an hour underwater today so take that into consideration with your recovery map yeah did spend quite some time underwater today but bu Yumm is running so oh my face oh storms are Brewing I don't want to see definitely had her planned out Sean what's going on brother what did you just get back from we just got back I just got done with a inore charter we caught some really nice snook no Keepers but we caught nice snook some cudas and some nice Mangrove Snappers and to hit up Sean if you want to go on a charter and Taver kilargo area he's your guy to catch fish anywhere from homestead to alar I got you guys you want to do bass fishing I can take you world class bass fishing you want to go catch peacock bass you don't have to go to the Amazon I got you right here in South Florida in Homestead we can catch peacock bass we can catch largemouth bass we can go in the salt water we can catch snook Tarpon trout Jacks Mangrove Snappers and if you want to go offshore I can even take you offshore fishing I've got all the connections down here and all of the Florida Keys even all the way to Key West if I can't do it I can put you on fish wow all right what's your website whiskey thr throttle charters.com Instagram is whiskey throttle Charters Tik Tok Captain sha links will be in the description check him out he's your guy for Charters all right so right now we are headed out of uh tavanir where I was anchored out in a harbor just outside of what's called Community Harbor they call this Anchorage just chilling on active Captain anyways we're headed through tavanir Creek um to get fuel from a fuel truck Ultra discount fuel uh tavanir Creek on navionic shows up as green like land it's it's not navigable according to the charts so a little nervous but we're going to take it easy coming in apparently there's there's uh there's some markers for us to follow so we'll see what happens but we should be able to hop on in there and get some fuel from the fuel truck 390 a gallon versus 5.45 a gallon all right so we're all fueled up now we just left no problems in tavanir Creek whatsoever guy was wicked cool got a much cheaper diesel basically cost me 2,200 bucks to fill this thing now we're headed down T Creek back to Miami off we go all right SCH up in 2000 so we're underway headed back to Miami C is uh Fort motor isn't schooling up um press is on assessing Duty says it looks fun so see what happens so we just went to spool her up and she wasn't spinning her normal uh her normal speeds so it appears that the port side engine has some serious lagging going on it's taking a while to spool up I suspect maybe fuel filters I don't know it was working fine so what do you think Frosty I think you probably know what you're doing so fuel filters it is I had the mag you just have to start you just have to start uh start simple all right so we're pulling back into Miami beautiful sunet great day on the water it was quite the nice cruise and and as we're pulling in here we're looking I see this Nord in the Anchorage Norden I'm wondering if it's a mermaid Monster that'd be pretty cool if it was new Fort Road Island all right we ready for some Waring how are we doing this I'll pull up you grab uh grab the Long Boat hook and scoop up set of lines and you you'll end up with a pen in P it from the from the bow of the AL yeah there's two there's two lines one's one's connected to the cleat to both cleat on the bow and then the other one's carabiner to the toey so gra I'll take this which one should I grab either either one you'll end up with something no with some chain all right we're going to pull on here she's going to be a Slammer all right grab it grab it grab it grab it grab it grab it grab it grab it grab grab it grab it grab it grab it grab it grab it you don't grab it you grab this all righty good morning good morning good morning it is April 20 4th it is April 24th and it is 10:21 a.m. so today I have some work to do first of all I'm starting to feel a whole lot better yesterday me and Ethan got home from our little keys rendevu after I got out of the hospital blah blah blah and it seems like day by day I am just getting so much better I want to do all the fuel filters on both engines I noticed yesterday the port side engine wasn't spooling up quite as quick as she used to um probably needs fuel filters so I have engine fuel filters here and then I have rayor in the cabinet and then I I'll clean the strainers so my whole Ford cabin's torn back apart um also because I want to finish the the deck on the fly bridge the sole of the of the fly bridge the floor up there because I was given a really nice Helm chair that is super comfortable and I want to have it to cruise so I want to finish that that floor so that I can uh bolt that chair down and have a comfy chair to in so I'm going to get on all that today get some work done all is good all right so this bad girl is going to get some fuel filters today primaries rayor and strainers and Generator RoR um actually I probably should replaced the filters on the Gen set as well but that's what she's getting done right now um quick and easy and then I'll move on to the fiberglass stuff all right let's fill everything back up drop that in there come up here kick the primer on she's all full now on to the next side now I just need to do the engine filter on the other side I just did the uh the engine filter on this side I actually need to write the hours on it you got the smacko on what are you doing I'm cleaning bottom before we head north what time is it 347 that got me about about 25 minutes what do you think of the smacko it's nice it's light I don't have anything compare it to compare it to but it for a non diver how would you say it's user friendliness is user friendly strap it on turn the knob you can't mess up this and dial and uh it's easy it's light I thought it would be all the critters on you I thought it would be more um it would make you feel more buoyant than it does um but it's meant hell yeah hell yeah smacko for the win now we're going to throw it back on the compressor and give it a charge up so he can go back in all right it is April 25th and actually 26th and O getting a little thrashed right now I'm on the Aqua Sport and I'm getting ready to go grab a sander from Micah because I think my sander fell overboard I don't know where it went I brought it up to the fly bridge and then it was gone uh I didn't hear any plops in the water but now that I have this beautiful Helm's chair that uh my friend and kilargo gave me I I'm like I need to finish this fly bridge deck so I can at least bolt this chair down and use it it's so comfortable you just can't go wrong well I think it's comfortable but I've never really you know used to used it so I uh fared the whole deck up there and I'll show you that in a minute but first we're going to go see Micah and grab a sander we'll stop by Ethan's boat too I got to grab a bunch of tools I lent him by the way today is Thursday Saturday morning we are leaving Miami to head back up north so this is uh this is exciting it's the start of our whole Northbound Adventure so today at 2:00 I'm going to an appointment with the surgeon that did the surgery on me to make sure everything's all good which I think everything's good I'm feeling good so two more days antibiotics and then I'm done um hopefully everything stays good cuz I'm tired of feeling like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and uh yeah so we're pulling up the frost right now oh yeah oh Frosty how we doing are you ready or what I'm getting the engine room nice and spotless ready to go getting the engine room spotless spotless spotless hell yeah running gear is clean as a freaking Mr Clean I don't know nice and uh I got some new solar up top which is making my life a little bit easier Ethan got a free big big free solar panel so he put that up there and cleaned his bottom yesterday hey you never told me how you broke that fiberglass right there and cracked your whole freaking gunnel how you do that dude holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] the crack was this one was already there but uh you know one of those one of those situations where things happen today on in to deep the boys answer all your questions stick around and you might learn something so this is the promised Q&A Frosty put together together a whole slew of questions for us hopefully this gives some uh sheds some light on everything you guys have wondered for so long into de questions we've got hit it Frosty we've got a decent little pile of questions all right I'm Ready the first question from Scott Scott Elliott do you ever fish ah so fishing is is one of those things I know how to fish but I'm no fisherman by any means and I think Ethan could say probably the same I am a total poser with my sport fish and my Outriggers I've never cast a fishing line off that boat so no oh no we don't do as much fishing as uh as we should next is what kind of drone do you use the DJI mini3 Pro is what I've used I lost three of them this season right now I'm Dron less because I just lost the last one in the Pungo River Canal being really stupid stupid and I crashed into the side of the boat like an idiot and it's gone lost it so someone's asking about engine hours I've got low hours on my engines um somewhere in the 700 hour range at this point when I got them and they had like 4 350 400 hours on the cumin and now they're 700 something mine my meters read 6,800 and 5800 they were rebuilt in the late 9s somewhere um I figure there's about 3,000 hours since the rebuilds maybe a little more they're also electronic hour counters so every time I for get to turn the keys off the keys are under the helm so it's easy to forget it just logs hours so um it's kind of a mystery on Frosty's engines but they're still running so Gil Mulla is curious if this trip would be safe in a 20 2 foot wa cuy with a 150 outboard I don't know what wa is any ideas wa W walk around walk around cuy 22 foot walk around cuy I mean you could do it but you're sacrificing a lot of comfort well I guess you're not sacrificing anything because that's your boat but um I don't think I don't think it would be the best choice cuz there's a lot of there's a lot of offshore stuff all right so safe depends on how you go about it I think is yeah yeah yeah next for Gus in particular from Callum W how did you start learning all the things you need to know about working on boats was it just a case of being a diesel mechanic mechanic and giving all other jobs a go yeah that's kind of exactly exactly what it was um the only formal mechanical education that I have is is I went to school to be an airplane mechanic and I got mym license however all of my car truck um boat everything else mechanical experience is just self-taught um Google is a wonderful thing says Gus you're all right uh can you try and list fuel prices fuel price per gallon in your travels there are big time differences between regions yeah I'd say in general our fuel prices ranged between 350 a gallon at the cheapest to five something a gallon at the most expensive all right Ducati Parts 966 says G and Ethan you guys are awesome love these videos I wish I was as adventurous as you were when I was your age it's very inspiring to see younger people out making it happen and even though it's not easy and not all fun you guys handle it all in style and keep smiling hope to see you on the water one day will you be back in Maine this summer hell yeah back in Maine thank you this goes to you and everyone else with all the kind words it's like it puts the biggest smile on me and Ethan's faces um coming from Main new Newberry Port do you ever cut through the anos Squam River or go out and around each time the I've done the anos Squam twice so when I left on the Albin I cut through the an Squam when I came back on the hatus last year I cut through the anos Squam me and Ethan have never gone through the anos Squam or he's never gone through the anos Squam but uh that's just because we we went around Gloucester both times um if I was coming from IP switch I'd probably go through the anos Squam but it is a nice nice River and it depends on the tide as well is in my decision to cut through there next question so whatever happened with Ethan's I mean Frosty's transmission for those who watch the videos I lost the transmission in the part four of the trip South um when I got to Florida I took the transmission apart and the output flange which is a splined shaft that slides into the transmission was stripped entirely smooth next question from Helmsman hangout when cruising offshore what are the wind wave conditions you look for or what do you see when you say no to off sure you don't have stabilizers right no stabilizers um I have figured out the whole windwave thing better over over the course of the last couple years of cruising so you want to look for a swell that's not that big the less wind the better the less of a swell the better overall but don't go out if you have wind against a swell you know anything more than anything more than 12 knots I'd say I don't really like to go out in at all I mean it gets nasty out in the ocean quick yeah I think based based on my experiences with Gus after his after his little thrashing on last year's trip North all right so it is about 2:00 in the morning and as promised it is uh the weather's picked up to say the least it seems like he is is uh a little bit more cautious of of going out of of putting the boat I think the largest is it's it's putting the boat through through a lot of stress that it doesn't need to be exactly exposed to I'll lay it right out for you 3 to 4ft waves on the beam and a 50ft boat sucks yeah so to conclude it really depends on wave direction and and your boat you know once you get to a point where you can't comfortably walk around the boat cuz you're just getting you're getting thrown it's no fun do you ever plan on Advertising for guest flotillas from Portland to Miami very possible coming fall all right Cameron McMaster what kind of boat would you recommend for someone new toiv boards and hoping to make a trip like this sometime if if you're on a budget get a Taiwanese tler bottom line is that they all have light power in them most of them have LeMans or [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] or something my old Alin was a Taiwanese tler you can find them cheap they're decent boats and you can find them cheap Jim maramman asks okay how big are fuel tanks on frosty versus Bella seems like Frosty's always feeling up and Bella Rose is always topped off so what's up with that I guess it's well said in a way um I I definitely have to fuel much less than Ethan I hold I hold 685 gallons and I average like a mile and a half to a gallon so I can I've got a easily theoretical easily theoretically I could easily do 1,000 miles Frosty only holds 300 gallons of fuel and it burns a little bit more than Bella so at normal cruise on the way down I was doing like 1.1 mil per gallon pretty much 300 G 300 mile range yeah so that's what's up with that um DF Harris wants to know how many watts your solar solar panels generate I have three 485 watt panels so just under 1500 watts and then how much Sol do you have now I'm right now about running 500 watts um you mentioned a certification for towing and going to school for plane Arrow curious as you are so proficient on engineering side what did you study and what do you need certific ations etc for Captain a boat captain captaining a boat at Sea and on the icw oh well um you don't need anything to to Captain one of these boats you could I could be out there on a 70f footer and as long as it's my boat and I'm operating it recreationally you don't need any sort of special Li actually I think some states require that you have a at least a boater safety card of some sort I have my captain's license uh and the towing endorsement and stuff um just by choice I wanted to go get that um and it's not that hard to get as long as you have the sea time all is and lastly Peter Anderson called us complete and utter a morons and they giggle about it like school girls well there you go as long as we're giggling all well we're still giggling what's his name Peter Anderson sorry Pete sorry Pete but yeah that seems to be the extent of the questions we have um cool I would say keep commenting questions if you have them and we'll try to address them yeah we we'll do this Q&A thing oh there is there was one other question which asked is Frosty a permanent part of into deep um like Gus mentioned I've been doing I've been doing editing um and some other stuff with with just the channel um so for the foreseeable future I'll be whether it's on camera or behind camera um I'll be part part of into deep and uh hell yeah we'll see we'll see where it ends up yeah for sure no Frosty Ethan's been doing a really good job with the videos and stuff and um this summer I've got so much exciting stuff so last year I was at the marina I really didn't showcase much this year I'm going to Showcase everything I'm doing um and as Ethan could verify when I'm at the marina working in the summer I am always working on [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] so Gus is always working and hopefully having me on the on the video side of things we can try and find a more consistent schedule than than we've seen historically and uh and keep content coming exactly I'm going to record everything I'm doing at the marina cuz it's all such interesting boat repair General Repair stuff Towing hauling boats and you name it and we got a build coming up we got a couple builds coming up I'm going to do the recording I'm going to pump the videos to Ethan he's going to edit the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and we're going to throw it online and hopefully you guys love it all right and now to answer the long awaited question that I've answered a couple times but this is a much more detailed version of what type of fuel economy do these these boats get what are we burning for fuel how much money are we spending well I'll tell you right now my boat is pretty damn efficient with these cumin in it um I am getting 1.72 nautical miles per gallon at 7 1 12 knots burning 4.36 gallons an hour and that's at 1200 RPM now my normal cruise is 8 and 1/2 knots so at 8 and 1/2 knots I'm getting 1.48 so basically a mile and a half nautical mile to the gallon um that's a 8 and2 knots and I'm burning 5.75 gallons an hour at that speed and that's at 1350 RPM 8 1 12 knots 13350 1 and 12 nautical miles to the gallon now Ethan's boat on the other hand with her thirsty old 671 in her at 8 and 1/2 knots 1350 RPM he's getting one nautical mile to the gallon burning 8 1/2 gallons an hour that's at 1350 RPM um now on the way home this year um Frosty had a little incident back in Florida where that we'll get into in the next um video but essentially we had or he had to run one engine at400 and the other engine at 800 RPM you had to run one engine slow cuz you had a major vibration going on so we ran all the way from Florida doing 7 and 1/2 knots on the way home but that gave us the opportunity to calculate our 7 and 1/2 knot fuel burn which is much more efficient by the way so as you heard in my fuel economy so Ethan burned 1.28 nautical miles to the gallon um running one engine at400 one engine at 800 um and that's at 7 and a half knots burning an average of 6.04 gallons an hour so he's getting Lally 3 nautical miles per gallon better at 7 and 1/2 knots than at 8 and 1/2 knots much more efficient so that's the details we'll put it all up in text so if you guys are curious you can check it out and read more into it all right well I hope that answers all your guys' questions as always thank you for watching if you like the videos hit that subscribe button and we'll see you next time on the trip North I almost said South but that's not yet North

  Top Comments:
  1. @rickkirby6856 [1 likes]: Watch out for the Capt. of the Frosty... There is something not quite right with him... Whether it is his weird mouth or haircut or the bizarre look in his eyes at times... Be careful and watch your back!
  2. @bfromny1406 [1 likes]: Just want to let you know that those E tech motors some of them have the governors built in and yours probably does because the Evinrude motors, especially the vtec usually come with Governors your other boat may have a to it just made me set  out so it’s full throttle probably have to set this one out to full throttle but you probably have a governor on it. Same motor as your other boat you’re going slower I can kind of guarantee that’s what it is.
  3. @fredyounger5850: THERES A PLACE ON THE INTERNET  THAT'S  CALLED  DOC'S DIESEL  AND THEY HAVE FILTERS FOR ALL DIESEL ENGINES  I USE THEM AND THERE GREAT
  4. @DavidJames0305: "But now it looks like gus is getting it."
Cuts to: the kites in a tree😂
"We played with fire..."😂😂
  5. @oimoensmufflertirellc1058: If they were smart they would start charging for landing instead of chasing people away.
  6. @that1965: Also Gus I was an industrial coatings engineer for 32 years if you need help on your boat and I’m retired so all the time and work free for friends! But I serve my Savior! So no monkey business! Haha
  7. @that1965: Hey Gus, sorry about surgery but Imagine if you hadn’t gotten it fixed! And brother I want you to remember one thing throughout life Jesus says if you are ashamed of me around others I will be ashamed of you in front of my Father!
We’ve all had cool life but there is no life without Christ my friend! I’m always watching and here for you brother!
Tim
  8. @marktyson6385: Long time  😊
  9. @Boya418y: Really great content!!! Also authenthic experience seen from passionate amatorial prospective witch makes lot of fun and other feelings and thoughts will be felt from his content!❤
  10. @PatternRecognition-s2p: Great friends!  They really did help you move a body.
  11. @Psu33123312: 😊
  12. @Rick-tr3fj: sailing girls are a bit too woke.
  13. @Rick-tr3fj: for 1.3 mill I'd like to get at least bumper to bumper everything.
  14. @patchadams4me: Is David SUarez related to Xavier Suarez who is cousin to former Congressman Alex Mooney? That family has done alright since coming here from Cuba.
  15. @V2k2010: He deserves so much better than rubbing up against an ole boat....so they take him water skiing for his famous final scene!... hehe
  16. @AndrewCameron-i6v: (follow-up) The Miami Police Department cannot board a boat for the sole purpose of inspecting its sewer system. Since July 1, 2025, a new Florida law—known as the "Boater Freedom Act"—requires that state and local law enforcement officers, including Miami police, have probable cause of a crime or safety violation before stopping or boarding a vessel.
  17. @AndrewCameron-i6v: I am not positive,  but I think they need a warrant to search your boat.  If you don't give them permission they can't come aboard.
  18. @45searay: Glad your medical issues are improving, I’ve watched about 80% of all your videos and U do a great job…..I think U need to stay with the Broward, cause anything bigger U would not be able to single hand…..
  19. @scottscott6794: I know this video was done over a year ago, but you guys are addictive I have been watching your trips for days what a spectacular life stay safe I love the water as well but I'm not as young as I used to be take care Gus speedy recovery.❤
  20. @Mikookoppa: RIP MANATEE!

- 2025 Fort Lauderdale International Boat Show on Fox Sports: Kind: captions Language: en Fort Lauderdale, Florida, the yaching capital of the world. Whether you're a seasoned sailor, an aspiring yacht owner, or [music] just love life on the water, this is where everyone comes to experience the latest in the yaching [music] world. From center consoles to super yachts, it can all be found at the [music] 66th annual Fort Lauderdale International Boat Show. Hello, I'm Jamie Little. Welcome to the docks at Behemar [music] Marina. This is the heart of the show where over the next hour we'll bring you more than,300 boats, highlights of all the things that make this the largest inwater boat show in the world. And helping us cover all the action is Kristen Beat and Will Christian. Thank you, Jamie. Well, I've been here since first thing this [music] morning cruising the docks. And I think I found the perfect place to kick things off here [music] at the Fort Lauderdale International Boat Show with an international company that is debuting not just one, but [music] three vessels here this year. Australia's Riviera has built over [music] 6,000 yachts in their 45 years. And world premiering here at the show is the 64 Sports Mo Yacht Series 2. Her big sister, the 72, is mowed up next to us. and we'll [music] take a look at that, too. But they share a lot of the same attributes. The Australian culture flows [music] through the design here. The mantra behind it, connect to the outdoors. The 64 and the 72 [music] both have what Riviera refers to as their alresco deck, but it's so much more than outdoor dining. This really is an extension of the living space. And that's the whole idea. It can be fully enclosed. So, [music] in the hot climates, you can run the AC, and in those colder climates, you can keep the elements out. And that wonderful flow through [music] concept continues on the fly bridge of both vessels with yet more hangout dine out spaces. And you're going to need them because both yachts accommodate [music] up to eight passengers with three or four stateateroom configurations. But what about those quick trips? Maybe you just want to get out for an hour or stay out [music] for the weekend. Well, their third boat debuting here at the show does it all. It's the first in a brand new lineup for them. The 4300 Sports Express [music] has the power, the efficiency, the strength, but hey, let's not forget the fun. The sports deck is your main hangout area. [music] And just a couple of steps down, you're on the sund deck or the beach club, and that's where the fun happens. Access to [music] the water for swimming, diving, fishing, paddle boarding, and there's even plenty of storage for boards. And we talked about [music] staying out for the weekend. Well, downstairs in the accommodation deck, you've got your own floating apartment and it sleeps up to five people. So, stay out as long as you want. Why wouldn't you? Three boats debuting here today for Riviera, but they do all have [music] one thing in common. They are built for bluewater cruising. Riviera gets you to see, but what you do when you're out there, well, that [music] is up to you. Now, Kristen B, you're going to join us now. You're starting your morning with a best of show nominee. That's right. Well, making her premiere, let me introduce you to the Bahala 55 Sport [music] Yacht. Now, this is divine designation. Blending the power and agility of a center console with the luxury and comfort of a sport yacht. The hybrid of performance and comfort is visible at every turn. The Bahala 55SY is built not only as a high [music] performance ride, but also with significant accommodations and cruising luxury features. The power is indisputable with quad Mercury [music] 600, but she's also a butterfly with two fold down balconies. Below deck, you'll find [music] a primary suite with full head, as well as another stateateroom, which can be arranged as a queen or two twins, also with a full head. At the bow, you can soak it all in on [music] a full reclining sun pad or relax on the wraparound bench. This is everything you love from the [music] Viking yacht family, but applied to the sport yacht division. The Bajala 55SY. That's a new benchmark in performance yaching. Let's toss it over with Jamie at Ocean Alexander. >> Kristen, this is our first stop at one of our favorite places at Flibs, Ocean Alexander, where you are guaranteed to find [music] breathtaking super yachts draped in luxury much like this one. Say hello to Ocean Alexander 35 Puro. This 113 ft plus tri- deck masterpiece [music] is the flagship of the builder's new Puro collection. That's Italian for the essence of all things Pure that was designed [music] from the ground up for a global audience. One of the standout innovations, a modular for deck [music] sunpad which slides over a glass-sided jacuzzi. Here on the aft deck with the 35P you have an option. So, normally a tender would be right here, but on this model you have a platform that rises up. You can use it as a diving board. You can use it as a sund deck. Whatever you wish. And as far as your tender, well, it has its own garage. Let's take a look. How about this? A garage on a super yacht. So, your tender hooks up here, slides on out. This opens up. It lowers down into the water. You hop on board and go bopping around the islands. When you're all finished, you come back, hook it back up. If you want to wash it off, there's a drain, and it's as simple as that. Inside, [music] the 35 Puro doesn't sacrifice comfort for aesthetics. The main deck full beam owner suite sits forward [music] with large windows. His and hers on suite and lounge and [music] desk areas, perfect for those owners who demand both relaxation and some work space. The guest accommodations below deck consist [music] of four additional stateaterooms, two VIPs, and two convertible twin double cabins, allowing up to 10 guests in superb comfort. Natural woods and fabrics [music] throughout give warmth, and vastly glass side windows open the interiors to natural light and seascapes. Absolutely [music] beautiful. And up here on the sky deck, what a perfect place to spend time with family [music] and friends. You have a wet bar with four chairs, wraparound seating, and how about the view? A panoramic view. This truly is where the Ocean Alexander 35 [music] Puro shines. Hey, we're just getting started here at the Fort Lauderdale International Boat Show. Stay tuned. We have so much more to come. You're watching the [music] 66th annual Fort Lauderdale International Boat Show brought to you by Marine Source, the official online marketplace [music] of the Fort Lauderdale International Boat Show. And sponsored by Sea Sun Wines. Enjoy Sea Sun Chardonnay and Pino Noir, wines that taste like California in a glass. And the Fort [music] Lauderdale Executive Airport. The Fort Lauderdale International Boat Show is the largest inwater boat show in the world with multiple venues. And we've come to check out Super Yacht Village, a hub of luxury. And at the heart, the Wimwood [music] VIP Club, an elevated experience for any guest here. A premium ticket that offers you the finest food, wine, cocktails, and entertainment. You can experience what it's like to fly first class on Luftanza [music] or get behind the wheel of a turbocharged Porsche 911 re-imagined by Singer. I tell you, it's a roadw worthy work of art. But want to test drive? Mercedes even offers an experience when you can drive one of their AMG vehicles. After all this, you might not want to leave. So talk to our friends at One Sures to find your perfect residence here at Pier 66. Over to you, Kristen Beat. Thanks. Well, Meritimo with a showstopping and showcase [music] display here at the Fort Lauderdale International Boat Show. Three exquisite yachts on display. Their M75, M60, and the S55. Let's go check them out. Crafted by hand in Australia, Marimo is inspired by a lifelong passion for performance, [music] build integrity, and innovative design that stands the test of time. With a heritage steeped in offshore racing, engineering and reliability are paramount in every Maritimo build. [music] Meatimo repurposes their race data to better develop their commercial line. From steering to prop to engine power, every Maritimo yacht has invaluable [music] race trim data behind it, making it safer and more efficient. Now, let's take a look at the S55. This is their flagship and pillar. The new S55 Hull is an advanced evolution of Maritimo's long-standing experience and long range cruising design. It fuses the latest advancements in nautical technology and design with the iconic features of Maritimo's S- series models of the past. The S55 comfortably sleeps six with a full beam primary. Now on the M60, as soon as you step aboard, you'll appreciate all of the Maritimo's signature touches. [music] You will also be immediately captivated by the space, easily accommodating family and friends in style with a fully customizable layout. From high gloss walnuts to a world of options in interiors and only the best in appliances. Below deck, [music] the Maritimo M60 accommodates three stateaterooms and two on suite in a layout that maximizes whole volume. It feels like a larger vessel with the agility of a racer on a 5 m beam and an 18 m length. Now looking [music] at the M75. This is the leader of the Maritimo fleet. And the first thing you will notice is unsurpassed [music] deck space. The M75 adventure deck creates an incredibly versatile hub for lounging, cooking, adventuring, [music] storage with plenty of room to spare. From the alfresco deck to the galley to the salon, you never lose sight of the sea or break the energy from the outside [music] serenity of the sea to the relaxing calm of the waters. When it's time to siesta, [music] you'll be welcomed by a grand juror full beam primary. The primary stateateroom is centered upon a centerline king-size bed with a cavernous rear on suite and a walkthrough robe area and desk. But the for deck is where you'll find me on the Meritimo M75. I'm going to stay here, lounge, and relax for a little bit and toss it over to Will at the convention [music] center. Thank you, Kristen. And as Jamie mentioned earlier, there are seven different locations here at the [music] Fort Lauderdale International Boat Show. And this is the newly renovated Broward County Convention Center. It's part of 1.2 million square ft of event space. And as you're walking the aisles here, there's no mistaking the very distinctive and eye-catching booth of Grady White, who's debuting one of the most groundbreaking additions to their line. The Express 340 is the rebirth [music] and redesign of Grady's most iconic model, the 330. It was in [music] production for nearly 25 years, so the responsibility for replacing such a popular model was not taken lightly by the designers and engineers. They went about the project making sure only to add add to its fishability, add to its comfort, and without compromise. Most notably in the redesign, the helm has been relocated to the starboard side, which completely opens up the layout and the spaces flow freely from the cockpit [music] through to the helm to the twin birth below. Down here, you'll see all the fit and finish of a coastal retreat. Oak fluted inlays and beautiful seaggrass and teak [music] accents. The true brilliance of Grady White is in its thinking. They never settle. Every space is questioned. What more can we do with it? [music] The redesign of the V-birth converting into dinette seating at the push of a button. And here's a feature which illustrates exactly what I am talking about. This is a cushioned leaning post if you're fishing back here. But that's not it. Pull that seat area down here and it becomes a raised mezzanine rearfacing seat. And it doesn't stop there. The back rest then [music] comes down. stone countertop that becomes like a prep area that goes alongside your grill or wet bar. And there's even additional storage back [music] here for whatever you decide to use it for. And that's Grady White. Constantly innovating, [music] always, of course, recognizable, and constantly pushing for sophistication and elegance. [music] Now, Jamie, over to you. I know you've got something pretty fun lined up for us. Well, this one is right up our alley. You know, I've spent about 25 years in racing, but most of that was on land. Well, the founder and CEO of this company actually raced at sea, and he's brought that knowledge and that design to his beautiful yachts, including this one, the Palm Beach 85. They use the technology and knowledge gained from being the winning skipper in sailing events and being part of two America's Cup teams. The Palm Beach 85 is for the owner who refuses to choose between performance and luxury. She is the ultimate expression. [music] Elegant, efficient, and engineered to exceed expectations. The Palm Beach 85 carries the timeless design language that's made Palm Beach Motors an icon. Sleek designs, handcrafted detail, [music] and the unmistakable confidence in craftsmanship. But beneath that elegance lies [music] muscle. With Palm Beach's V-Worp technology, this yacht glides efficiently [music] and comfortably, cruising at 24 knots, topping out at 30 [music] with a range that can take you nearly 700 nautical miles. Inside, it's pure sophistication, rich materials, open [music] layouts, and 360° views make every moment on board feel like a five-star escape. Owners can tailor the design with three options from the sleek [music] sedan to the elevated fly bridge or sky lounge. Each version brings [music] a new way to enjoy life at sea. Twin Volvo IPS 1350s are available and deliver power with precision and composite construction keeps weight down while maintaining strength. It's innovation born from the brand's ocean racing DNA. [music] The Palm Beach 85 isn't just a yacht. It is a statement and the perfect combination of power, poise, [music] and pure freedom. Now, coming up, I'll get my first look at one of our best of show candidates. Stay with us. You're watching Fort Lauderdale International Boat Show. Welcome back to the 66th annual Fort Lauderdale International Boat Show. Just north of [music] downtown Fort Lauderdale, where the skyline meets the city and sea, you'll find FXE, [music] Fort Lauderdale Executive Airport. I wanted to arrive in style to handdel the coveted best of show award. [music] So, I flew in on the Gulfream G650. Now, this jet has maritime ties [music] with the Ferretti Group Reva inspired thematic interior. With red label service by Flexjet, [music] every need is met. dedicated crews, the most modern aircraft with worldwide connectivity, and of course, the LXI cabin [music] collection. The best spoke finishes on this jet showcase that marriage with Reeva. You'll notice the signature nautical teak details, the Mediterranean sea inspired silken [music] carpets, the leather detailing, and Reeba aqua marine piping. It all sings songs of the sea. This is landing in luxury. Now, Fort Lauderdale Executive Airport is home to over a thousand aircraft, dozens of aviation companies, and a state-of-the-art control tower. [music] FXE fuels the region's economy, businesses, and connects South Florida to destinations around the world. And just in case you're wanting to [music] avoid the traffic, you can land in your jet, then take the helicopter to the yachts or one of FXE's downtown helis stops for dinners. FXE operates 24 hours a day with a 24-hour FAA control tower, US Customs Services, and no scheduled airline flights. That [music] makes it faster, quieter, and more flexible for private aviation. I spoke with Rufus James, the executive airport manager of FXC. I [music] asked him about the economic opportunities here, as well as what's next for the airport. few years ago, uh, we [music] were able to bring on board a foreign trade zone opportunity. And [music] so we have the benefit of not just having a foreign trade zone here at the airport. It's actually a case where we can go anywhere in the county through what's called [music] an alternate site framework. So basically, as a yacht manufacturer, you're able to go into that foreign trade zone and you can build a yacht [music] as long as it doesn't enter US commerce and it's registered internationally, you do not pay the duties on building that yacht here in the US. [music] So one might ask, well, what's the benefit? Well, it creates jobs for our community. just another economic engine tool in the toolbox to help grow everything that's going on here in South Florida. >> Jamie, from FXE to the Helellipad downtown to the Fort Lauderdale International Boat Show, FXE makes it easy to travel anywhere, especially with hardware like this. What an entrance. There goes Kristen. She's carrying the best of show trophy. Girl, you better take care of that hardware. We're going to be seeing that coming up later in the show. Speaking of best of show, this is one of the finalists. This is Persian's all-new GTX70. It's [music] their sport utility yacht, and they knocked it out of the park. What stands out to me is the beautiful lines and the profile. Imagine a yacht that blends the heartpounding excitement of a sports car [music] with the refined comfort of a luxury home on the water. That's exactly what you get with the Persian GTX70. With its near vertical bow, sculpted super structure, and aggressive stance, this looks [music] fast even when it's standing still. Once on board, you're greeted by this enormous beach club that opens out to the sea. This is the perfect place to entertain guests. Whether you want to splash around in the water, you could have a meal up here, or you could simply just sunbathe. Inside, the main deck layout flows seamlessly. The galley [music] sits amid the interior lounge and the cockpit with a retractable glass panel linking inside and outside [music] to create one big open space. Down below, [music] you'll find three on suite cabins comfortably accommodating six guests. [music] Meaning this yacht isn't just built for drive and dive weekends, but for real stays on board. [music] With this yacht, you get that thrill of speed with a dynamic ride, but you also get the systems, the comfort, [music] and the finesse you expect from a high-end luxury build. In short, the Persian GTX70 redefineses what a smaller sport utility yacht can be, delivering big on space, style, and of course, on performance. All right, let's go catch up with Will and see what she's found. >> Thanks, Jamie. Well, we're back at the convention center now and I have another world debut to show you, but this time I'm over at Sailfish Boats and they have two configurations of their allnew 252 center console for me to share with you. But at the base, at the core of it all is their hallmark variable degree stepped hull. It features three holes in one. At the kill, the 24 degrees helps it cut through the water at speed. Widening to 23°, this helps lift the hole out of the water, making it more fuel efficient. And widening again to 22°, well, this gives stability when the boat's at rest. Step aboard, and that's when you can really start to make this boat your own. I'm on the standard configuration now and that includes the long bench seat here with the dual entryways. But behind me, you can see the option for the rear flip down seat with the side entry door. You've also got the option of the captain seat or what I'm sitting on now, which is the bench seat at the helm, but we've turned around here so it's our facing. So, if your priority is perhaps hanging out with a lot of friends or a big family, you got plenty of seating here to do that. But if your priority is the ease of exit and entering or maybe you want to bring a fish on board with that side entry door or just jump in for a swim. Kristen over here at Selfish Boats. They're all about fishing and they're all about fun. But I also know that you found your own little twist to have fun on the water. Thanks, [music] Will. We are with Aquabanas on a floating marina. The same trusted company that [music] brought you the Super Yacht Slide is once again redefining water entertainment and the boating industry with a progressive [music] introduction. The floating marina is fully customizable. The modular design offers an unlimited amount of configurations to fit a wide variety of locations, conditions, and destinations. This marina, as shown, can support about 50,000 lbs at only 50% of its rated weightbearing. The marina is made of a drop stitch non-slip material. It's a doublewalled fabric made to be durable and fully hot air welded with high frequency welded ring plate attachment points. Various step systems are also available to get out of the water. You can add posts with lines and safety markers. Truly a step forward for [music] the marine industry. Now in true Aquabanis form, they didn't forget the fun. Also being released under the brand is the world's first regulationized modular floating pickle ball court. You heard me. [music] Perfect for resorts, luxury yachts, waterfront venues, or estates. Grab your racket and take it to the water. You can even customize your pickle ball court with your favorite logos or panone colors. I'm ready to play a few rounds. Once again, Aquabanis is making waves in all the right ways. Coming up next, I'm checking in with Ocean [music] Alexander on their newest release, the 30R. You're watching the 66th annual [music] sponsored by Sea Sun Wines. Enjoy Sea Sun Chardonnay and Pino Noir. Wines [music] that taste like California in a glass. The Renaissance Fort Lauderdale West Hotel [music] and the Fort Lauderdale Executive Airport. Lauderdale International Boat Show. You know, we love coming to Fort Lauderdale for this amazing boat show, but there is so much more to Fort Lauderdale than just the marine industry. I caught up with [music] Bob Swindell with the Greater Fort Lauderdale Alliance to see what other opportunities are here. >> You think about what this boat show represents. You look at the the the value of the yachts that are here, the cascading effect that has on the jobs that are created in the marine industries, but on a wider scale, you think about the craftsmanship that's involved in the yaching industry when you're working on yachts. We've parlayed that. You know, the 954 area code, our area code in the aviation industry is something that aviation companies look for because of the reputation for good recordkeeping for quality work that's done. And we're seeing our aviation industry growing in significant numbers. We're also seeing a lot of growth in headquarters, financial service firms that are coming to South Florida. I think everyone really understands the transition that happened during the pandemic. people started coming to Florida and as they're here, they're really beginning to understand that there is a great quality of life. Um, the yaching and boating is just a small part of it, but there's a lot more to offer. >> Well, as you heard, there is so much more to Fort Lauderdale other than the boats, but the reality is the boats [music] are the stars. So, Kristen, what have you found? This is the revolutionary Ocean Alexander 30R, a fresh and sophisticated take on yaching from the prestigious [music] Ocean Alexander family. At 97 1/2 ft in length with a beam just under 22 [music] feet, this is a seaf fairing dream. Top speed is advertised at around 23 knots with a cruising speed for comfort and efficiency in the 18 knot range. Here at the bow lounge, you'll notice the large U-shaped [music] seti, but also a double reclining sun pad. Ocean Alexander [music] so thoughtful thinking of their consumer made each end able to recline so their sun chasers could chase [music] the sun based on the direction of the boat. The salon is one of many marquee features on [music] the 30R. You can see the culmination of high-end aesthetic with the luxury of natural woods all in a light and airy motif that really elevates the space. From the salon, you're welcomed with 360 degrees of cinematic views of the ocean and sky coming from these massive [music] floor to-seeiling windows. When it's time to bring the party upstairs in the bridge, you'll notice a drop- down TV behind the bar, plenty [music] of storage, and even more seating to keep the conversation moving. Stepping outside [music] of the enclosed bridge is an airy deck with a fully outfitted wet bar and custom grill finished with highly polished 316 steel. And nothing says yaching like soaking in a jacuzzi tub off the coast of [music] Monaco. The perfect addition to the bridge deck. This Ocean Alexander 30R can be yours priced as equipped for just under 15 mil. Jamie, what are you getting into? Kristen, this is the world premiere of the Solaris 60 Sport Turismo. She's also one of our best of show nominees. This beauty combines Italian styling with the capability of high performance cruising. She offers sweeping walkaround decks, a generous beam, and sporty stance designed [music] to turn heads in any marina. Underneath those sleek lines are serious engineering [music] credentials. With the whole developed for performance, multiple engine options, and top speeds pushing into the high 30 knot [music] range, this is built for both style and speed. Down below, you'll find luxury [music] cabins, an architecturally inspired interior, and smart space planning [music] that make overnighting or those weekend getaways effortless. And look at this space. It's [music] your own private nook just off the owner suite. Perfect for reading a book, complete with your own view. The Solaris 60 Sport Turismo feels as elegant as a super yacht, yet seems to offer the perfect balance of speed, style, and sophisticated livability. It can all be yours starting at $2.4 million. Kristen, what have you found? Thanks, Jamie. Americanmade Tiari Yachts is a familyowned manufacturer in their brand new 39 LS is bridging the gap between dayboat and cruiser based in Holland, Michigan. This is a third generation family business and you can really see the family touches in every aspect of this build. Walkound capabilities on the TR Yachts 39 LS lead passengers through flexible social zones from bow to stern. Forward wraparound seating transforms into a spacious sunpad, inviting [music] the family to the bow. This entire yacht is connected, enabling for a natural flow and flexibility whether you're entertaining or fishing. Now, one of my favorite features, owners can customize their aft cockpit with rotating [music] lounge seating. They could also opt for the fishing focused adventure module, but this [music] is innovative. The Tiara 39 LS is the definition of versatility, blending [music] luxury and sport yaching. Let's check in with Will on a new release from a company whose [music] motto is distinction and detail. Thank you, Kristen. And there's a reason why they say just that over here at British [music] builder Princess Yachts. And that motto is on full display in the newest flagship in the S-Class. [music] This is the S80. And the thought and attention that has gone into her design, nothing short of perfection. The real magic is in how she brings people together. And that's all thanks to the very clever layout. There are actually four separate spaces on the main deck. the salon, galley, off deck dining, and lounge area. But they all seamlessly flow together on one single level, making it one of the most social spaces I've ever seen on a yacht this size. The S in S80 is for sport. But to really appreciate her sporty nature, you've got to take a seat right here at the helm. As you can see, I am surrounded by tech. But I do have one favorite button. [music] Watch this. my new favorite convertible. And she's built for speed. With twin man V12 engines delivering up to 2,000 horsepower each, the S80 can reach [music] around 35 knots. That's rare power for a yacht this size. Well, Kristen, what do you think? It sounds like we need to take this S80 for a little team trip down to the Keys. I think you know some of the best spots. >> Well, I'm ready when you are. My trip to the Florida Keys was absolutely unforgettable. There is so much to see and do there. You're really stepping into a tropical paradise. Even the drive into the Keys was so much fun. [music] The commute is lined with boutiques and restaurants. There's so much to see and do. Once we got to Hawk K Resort, as soon as I walked in the lobby, you see the pools and the bar. I mean, cue the Jimmy Buffet moment. At the resort, I reentered [music] with sunrise yoga. Every breath, I could just feel the stress melting away. I rode beach cruises around town. I caught up on my breeding by the pool. And the food, the food was next level. Dining is an experience in [music] itself in the Florida Keys. Fresh seafood, umbrella drinks, obviously the key lime pie, but you also have the option of elevated [music] dining experiences. Michelin star chefs, farm tot menus. I was in a foodies paradise. Now, you cannot go on vacation without a spa day. And there are so many day spas in the Florida Keys. I opted for the one at Hawk K, a facial and a massage. Later, I was really starting to [music] relax. I also planned an offshore fishing trip. I learned about the best spots, diverse fish populations, responsible fishing, and the best part, the Keys has quite a few hook and cook restaurants, so you can bring your catch to a pro and they'll play it for you. I can't wait to [music] plan my next trip. What makes the Keys so magical isn't just the turquoise water or the palm fringe sunsets. It's how [music] effortless it all feels. No passport, no rush, just a road that leads to the most perfect vacation. More to come when [music] the 66th annual Fort Lauderdale International Boat Show returns. We're back now at the Fort Lauderdale International Boat Show where Kristen and I came over to Superyacht Village to show you something very special. We got invited aboard this absolutely stunning super yacht. [music] Her name is Bookend. She's built by Dutch boat builder Hea. It's going to take the two of us. She's that big. To show everybody around here, Kristen. >> And well, this is an exclusive opportunity. Rarely do these super yachts open their doors to [music] cameras. And being built in 2022, few eyes have seen the opulence inside this one-of-a-kind superyacht. But we do. How lucky are we? So, uh, divide and conquer. Let's go. With the grandeur of the salon that we [music] started in, I couldn't wait to check out the primary suite. If a top [music] end hotel gets given five stars, I'm going to need a few more. It's classy. It's lavish. It's its own private sanctuary. Flooded with natural light [music] and refined decor. Even the flooring stops you in your tracks to take in [music] its individuality. I genuinely haven't seen anything like this before. It's kind of hard to call this an on suite [music] because really it feels more like a personal spa. The owner has clearly gone above and [music] beyond to create his own personal spaces on this yacht. The individualized layout is a he constant. The owner said in an interview he is the most relaxed after [music] a workout. So what is usually a beach club has now been repurposed. This is the bookends gym with free weights, a press, everything you need to stay fit on the water. The health ccentric approach to relaxation is evident in the gym's location on the yacht. From the beach club gym, you have a [music] direct eyline with the sea. And whilst the owner has clearly made this super yacht his own, [music] there are also five stateooms for 12 family and friends to join and separate quarters [music] for nine crew to make sure you want for nothing during your stay. Well, the theme I found throughout this vessel [music] is their appreciation of the arts. You're on a super yacht, but also immersed in a curated [music] art gallery. You'll notice the vibrant and contemporary showcase. Geometric and 3D pieces jump out at you. Also, many of the art pieces are regionally [music] influenced, a reflection of the previous owner's ties to the Middle East. Even the dining [music] table is a piece of art. This is a David BB New York custom filled with hundreds of silver leaves. And when the boat is in motion, the leaf stands. >> Kristen, we are all done exploring [music] the interiors of this beautiful boat and taking it all in. But there are also five separate external [music] entertaining areas, too. And I think my favorite was that jacuzzi up on the sund deck. I could hang out there for a [music] while, I think. And well, there are touches of opulence everywhere you look, but also spaces to celebrate, to [music] spend time with family, to dance until 2 a.m. to watch the sunset off the coast of Portoino. And that is the story behind bookends to relax. And [music] I think we've been working hard. We deserve a little of that, too. So, we're going to celebrate with a glass of sea sun while we send it back to Jamie. She's up the inter coastal there at Himar. [music] So, Jamie, cheers to you. That was unbelievable. And ladies, I am very jealous I didn't get to be there on board with you. But you know what? That's exactly what makes this boat show so unique. You can go from super yachts to sophisticated fishing boats, and that's exactly where I am. This is the Alberl 45 Carolinian Fisharound Express. It's unlike anything the North Carolina boat maker has built in terms of size, power, and [music] layout. This is their new statement piece and that's one of the reasons this is a best of show candidate. The 45 Carolinian combines classic lines with the power and technology to take on serious bluewater [music] fishing. It's called a fishound for a reason. It gets 360° access [music] around the boat, making it comfortable when you're reeling in those big fish from any angle. And when the seas get rough, the Albero deep V hole cuts through like a knife. Smooth, solid, and confident. Down below, it's all about comfort. A full galley, two private staterooms, [music] and climate controlled salon mean you can chase Marlin by day and relax in luxury by night. An Alberarl makes the most with space in a 45- ft boat. Strong, stylish, and made to fish hard. The Albero 45 Carolina Fisharound Express is available [music] with a starting price of $1.7 million. More to come when the 66th annual Fort Lauderdale International Boat Show returns. Welcome back everybody to the 66th Fort Lauderdale International Boat Show where we have another best of show nominee for you. This is the absolutely stunning blue game BGM75 and I can tell you she is turning heads here at the Behemar docks because nobody has seen anything like her before because Blue Game has come out with their first ever multihole. You might ask why did they do that? Well, a traditional catamaran twin hole design is used to give stability and a smooth ride, but they didn't want to sacrifice the lines and the sleek design of a mono hole. So they went about building a 75 ft yacht that had the interior space of a 100footer, the efficiency of a 60footer, and the dockability of a 50-footer. And they've done it all with the flare you would expect from an Italian boat builder. They described it to me as being in their DNA to have that connection to the sea. And they achieve that on the main deck with [music] panoramic unobstructed views. That clean contemporary feel is matched down on the lower deck where you'll find a guest suite and [music] two VIP suites. But the real gem here is what you won't see on any other multihole. They've created a mezzanine level that achieves a full beam owner suite. Well, they talked about that connection to the sea and after touring the yacht, I genuinely now understand what they meant. [music] And that feel is up here too on the fly bridge with these stunning views. Understandable why they have been nominated for the best of show award. A welldeserved recognition for a [music] yacht that's rewriting the rules. Over to you now Jamie. You're at Superyacht Village with yet another best of show nominee. Well, this is the AB 110. Now, technically she is a super yacht, but because she's smaller than some of those around her, she's faster and nimble. In fact, she could go from a top speed of 43 knots to stopped in less than the length of a football field. And with the shallow draft of the AB- 110, you're not compromising access for speed and yet can still reach secluded bays. And there is a new feature that has the show and the boating community buzzing. The AB 110 launched last year, but here at Flibs this year, they are debuting their new AI [music] system. Imagine controlling everything from lighting, climate, entertainment to checking fuel and water levels, energy consumption, alarms, and even upcoming maintenance schedules, all with artificial [music] intelligence. The smart assist on board the AB-110 delivers just that, fully offline to maintain your privacy. But it's still very much about the look and performance and of course the amenities of this beauty from the Italian boat maker. The AB- 110 [music] has a loft style feel to it. And when you go below deck, it's all about the details. Rounded corners everywhere you look, the accent lighting, the Italian leather. It has such a warm feel to it. And this brings you down here to four different staterooms that sleeps up to 10 people. And wow, the laundry room is the most spacious one I have seen on [music] a super yacht. One of the standout features here is the full width aft deck which converts into a true beach club lounge. [music] And to access the storage for your tender and jet ski, the platform raises up. It's a seamless [music] blend of relaxation and sporty utility. I'm joined now by Ricky Carmichael, a 15time supercross and motocross champion. And of course, he is back for another year being a celebrity judge. We're on the fly bridge right now on top of the AB 110. This is a tough task, Ricky, but how do you do it? You have to judge these boats and we hand out the hardware at the end. >> I'm like a veteran now at come to Fort Nale International Boat Show and being a celebrity judge for best in show. It's a lot of fun. Uh how do I do it? I just try to have an open mind. You know, it's uh when we're on a a 110footer like this, this AB 110, uh you think about like it's hard not to judge it by its size. That's that's kind of what I do in life. just like, okay, what is practical about it? Its originality, its design, how functional is it, things of that nature. And really not take the size into consideration because we're going on smaller boats also. That's part of uh the judging that we'll be doing as well. There's a 60 and above and a 60 and below. So, uh not getting lost in the sauce there, but uh it's just fun just to see the creativity and uh just an epic event here in Fort Lauderdale. Coming up next, we'll [music] find out which two boats our judges thought deserve the prestigious Best of Show Awards. You're watching the [music] 66th Boat Show, brought to you by Marine Source, the official online marketplace of [music] the Fort Lauderdale International Boat Show. And sponsored by Sea Sun Wines. Enjoy Sea Sun Chardonnay and Pino Noir, wines that taste like California in a glass. and the Fort Lauderdale Executive Airport. [music] Stay with us from Fort Lauderdale. Lauderdale International Boat Show. Well, we've certainly had an amazing time walking about the show, seeing the latest that this amazing industry has to offer. But the time has come. It's time to hand out the best of show awards. For boats [music] under 60 feet in length, the nominees are the Albamarl 45, the Solaris 60 ST, the Tiara 39 LS, and Balhalla 55SY. And for boats over 60 ft, the nominees are AB Yachts 110, Persian GTX70, Princess S80, MBGM75. It is my pleasure now to announce Balhalla as the winner of Boats Under 60 FT length. Pat Healey, congratulations. >> Thank you. Thank you. >> This is not your first time, my friend. [cheering] >> Look at this beautiful trophy. This will go right next to the one that we won last at uh five years ago for our 54. And we have it as you walk into our plant. All of our boat builders go by it every day and we'll put it we'll steal a little bit more room out of the store the warehouse and put this one right next to it. So >> Pat, what does this mean to you and everybody behind you with you that pour their heart and soul into building these? The greatest thing is this is our 80th boat that this team has designed. Lonnie Rut who is our vice president of design and engineering and all my two sons Sean Justin Eddie IP and Bill Ganner and we have Chris Landry heads up our marketing and of course my boss Caitlyn. And it's a family company. 61 years we've been doing and building and designing boats. We don't know what else to do Jamie. If we don't do this well, then we're not going to do well. So, we've gotten good at it and we enjoy it and we do it every day better and we build a better boat every day. That's our slogan, building a better boat every day. So, >> we certainly do. Congratulations. >> Thank you very much. There we go, folks. >> All right. And now, I'd like to announce the winner of Over 60 F feet. It's Blue Game and Paul Burges. Congratulations. >> Congratulations to everybody. >> Yes. Congratulations, Paul. This is your first time winning here at this show. And I'll ask you the same question. What does this mean to you guys being part of this show and all the judges saying that you were the best? I think that the most wonderful thing about receiving this award is obviously the uh company that we're in. But uh Blue Game is a fairly new G uh new product and to be recognized in the US for actually performing in the way that we did. It's a new concept. We're bringing out a multi-hole concept which actually gives not only style and performance but it also gives uh space on the water. >> So we're so thankful and we're really excited for the future. >> Perfect. How about all this hardware? Got to do a little sea sun toast. Congratulations, gentlemen. >> Congrats. >> Great job. Great job. >> Well done. [cheering] >> Well, we've certainly had an amazing time exploring everything this event has to offer. A special thanks to the teams at Informa and the Marine Industries of South Florida. None of this would be possible without them. So, congratulations to you. And for those of you watching at home, if you haven't been to Flips before, you should certainly plan on coming to Fort Lauderdale next year. Well, for Will Christian and Kristen [music] Beat, I'm Jamie Little. So long from Fort

- Fort Lauderdale International Boat Show to bring big economic impact to South Florida: Kind: captions Language: en PICKED UP IT'S THAT TIME OF THE YIONAL BOAT SHOW, IS SAILING INTO TOWN. >> AND THE 58TH YEAR FOR THE THE LUXURIOUS YACHTS ON SIGNMENT TODAY. >> ROUGHOR IT, ISN'T IT? IT JUST GOTAN BELIEVE IT THIS ACTUALLY HAD THAN EVEN A SUPER BOWL. WEDNESDAY MORNING, BEFORE THE BUYER STARTS THROUGH THE INTERNATIONAL BOAT SHOW, WITCHES. >> THERE ARE THOUSANDS OF MOTOR ACTUALLY JUMP ON ONE, AND THEN ANOTHER, AND SEE T FLOATING DOCKS THE 1500 BOATS DISPLAY SEEM TO STRETCH AS FAR ASOOMING RIGHT NOW, THE YACHTING INDUSTRY IS POPULAR FOR ALL AROUND THE WORLD. AND WE AREN THE WORLD, SO IT IS THE RIGHT PLA FLOATING DOCK, WE HAVEIT EASIER FOR ATTEND DEES TO FIND THEIR IS MORE THAN 200 FEE EVERY PRICE RANGE. EVERY YEAR THE EVE THEIR VESSELS AREN'T SURPRISED. THE YACHTING INDUSTRY THROUGHOUT THE WORLD. HAVE THE BAHAMAS VERY CLOSE BY, WILL HAVE BOWL WEATHER DURING THE BOAT SHOW, SO TO THAT. >> AND NOTEEING HERE, BUT YOU ALSO SEE CARS, AND YOU ALSO SEE SUBMARINES. MAYBE THEY WILL LET ME TAKE IT FOR ATHEY WILL NEVER LET ME. THIS IS AS CLOSE REALLY COOL THOUGH. >> A GUY NEEDS THEIR OWN PERSONAL SUBMARINE, I ABSOLUTELY AGREE.

- 📢 BREAKING NEWS: The Superyacht Industry Just Hit €50 Billion | Yachting Unplugged: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome back to Yachty Unplugged, the industry's news desk. We're celebrating one year anniversary this month. Huge thank you for all of your support. It has been an epic year. Kim SW is here at the boat boss and there is major news to report. So, we're going to pull up the anchor, push down those throttles, and we're going to get underway with some major industry news. A new economic snapshot of the superyacht sector shows something important. Between new builds, refit, charter, supply chain, tech, and crew, the industry now contributes to over 50 billion, yes, billion euros annually to the global economy. It explains the surge that we're seeing in refits, upgrades, and techdriven retrofits. Mets Trades, if you haven't heard, was a uber successful trade show, and the message was super clear. The biggest takeaway was unmistakably refit is no longer the side conversation. It took main stage. The show hit record size. It took up the entire complex. The majority of the industry buzz was around life cycle upgrades, hybrids, conversions, stabilizers, energy efficient systems, sustainable materials, and so on. Owners around the world are putting more money into extending the life efficiency and capability of their yachts and suppliers are scaling up. The yards are busy and service providers are expanding internationally want to go into a little switch of some other major yacht news. Damon Yaching sees a surge in maintenance and refit business as well. Their North Sea facility has become a center for yacht upgrades. The company is seeing more clients returning to its yard for refits and maintenance. Currently, there's several projects going on. We'll go into those in a little bit. There's a 74 Amills, which is a 242 Avante limited edition delivered in 2022. Owner intentionally returned to the yard to preserve its pedigree as part of the Avante life cycle. Then you have the 74 ft almills. Synthesis, a limited edition delivered in 2021, has returned to a five-year scheduled service, technical upgrade, and a full exterior respray. And then we've got Moonstone and Amill's refit. Recently returning for a 6w week repair period after an extensive 26month refit that included a 7 m, 23 foot hall extension. That is huge. All right, now we're going into people in the news. Sunseeker names new CEO. I cannot believe this is great news. Sunseeker appoints Scott Malar as the new interim CEO of Sunseeker following the departure of Andre Froetti. The appointment allows for significant management changes, but Mar is going to do great things with Sunseeker. He's the fifth CEO in the last 15 years and I understand there's great things ahead. So, good luck. former Volvo Penta executive is now at Nimbus Group and it is Johan Inden has been attending major boat shows in his new role. Formerly an executive with Volvo Penta and I met him at many of the shows. He is now focused on strengthening and really refining the operations of the renowned Swedish boat manufacturer. So good luck to you Johan. I wish you only did things. Moving on. Zaxter Yachts, a brand that I've been watching for many years, is expanding into high potential boating markets. From what I understand, they are moving into areas like India, Saudi Arabia, Nigeria. This expansion aligns with Saxra strategy to target emerging recreational boating markets. It is an upand cominging brand. It's a relatively new brand. started in 2019 has really established itself as one of the fastest growing boat brands globally producing models between 20 and 40 ft with larger designs from what I understand in development. Their CEO I love her is just spectacular. I've met her a few times. I've had the pleasure of meeting her recently at the the recent Fort Lauderdale boat show. Her goal is to make Saxster a leading brand by providing high performance, innovative boats at accessible price points. Love that. So, she's breaking down the barrier of boating. So, thank you for everything you're doing there. On the motor yacht side, a standout new flagship model is nearing completion, the Zlander 8. This 23.9 meter yacht combines performance with serious luxury of one of the most impressive features it is how quiet it is. Even at high speed, noise levels are surprisingly low, making it ideal for owners who want privacy, comfort without sacrificing speed. Really exciting. The design includes custom water toy packages, upgraded diving kits, and all the details today's hands-on owners want and what they're looking for. Sleek premium finishes, and the whole designs for efficiency. Can't wait to see this boat. It is going to be definitely a showstopper, the Zlander 8. Moving on to our next story. Sunref commissions its latest all electric 100 foot sunref. It's called Double Happiness and it is the first 100 foot fully electric model built by Sunref shipyard in Poland. The yacht currently being commissioned is designed for Mediterranean cruising. It's propelled by four 180 kW electric engines supported by a powerful battery bank of 990 kW. Double happiness offers completely silent echoccon-scious cruising with no bumps and vibrations and be super quiet. So this is something to watch. I have to say that with the range extended by two backup Volvo D11 350 kowatt diesel generators and solar panels on the bimin roof, she'll enjoy the best of autonomy and really energy efficiency. Top speed is 13 knots with a cruising speed of 8 knots. So that is your global yaching roundup. Alternative energy, disruptive technology. Everything is becoming real. Refit is really rewriting the business model. New yachts are pushing performance to new levels. And 2026 is set to deliver a whole new generation of clean, modern vessels. I'm Ken Swers, the boat boss, signing off for another episode of Yaching Unplugged. And whether you live, work, or play on the water, just get on the water because there's nothing better than the lifestyle on the water. And always remember to vote smart from the start. Look forward to seeing you on the water and have an epic day. >> If your brand belongs in the heart of the yaching world, this is [music] where it happens. Yaching International Radio reaches over 1 million yaching professionals and enthusiasts every month [music] with 77 million impressions, 220,000 social followers, and 74,000 podcast subscribers. [music] Our hosts are insiders, crew, captains, CEOs, trusted voices shaping [music] the industry. This is targeted, high impact advertising in a luxury niche. Visit yachotting internationalradio.com/advertise. [music] Your audience is already listening.

- SELLING LÜRSSEN SUPERYACHTS - MICHAEL BREMAN: Kind: captions Language: en foreign Michael thank you so much for spending the time with us that's good nice to see you David I really wanted to talk to you at this boat show because a lot of viewers on my YouTube channel want to be in the yachting business or they are already in the yachting business but they want to do more and more you're the sales director of nursing which is a fascinating job I would imagine and I'm just interested first of all to know how you got into the yachting industry and what Journey LED you to this point as you know it's like most things in life it happens kind of by accident I I came from the Middle East back to Europe worked for an Italian man called leopoldova the big Weds and I was his assistant in his capacity as president of the Board of a listed company in Milan and what age were you when you were doing that well that was in 91 so I was 35. said bye six six seven six eighty six thirty five and one of the first things I did in my capacity as a system is sell his 51 percent which gave him the title of president of the board and uh he then asked me to go and sort things out and help him out in a one of the companies he still owned which was a little boat builder in baratse in Italy called ballieto so I went there in 91 in the fall and um started you know dabbling about the world of Yachts didn't know anything about it beforehand but learned very quickly so you made yourself useful in your capacity of assisting him in his other business and then he sent you to well you're on shipyards already he his family manufactured hydrofoils uh in Messina and uh so Rodriguez with a Q yeah and they're one of the only people really doing hydrophones in a in a major way in those days and he had van yetu as a partial investment together with other shareholders and I went there once the summer of 91 and during that summer I there was a client and we sold them a boat and I kind of got stuck in in the business of selling Yachts or making people buy us and how long are you at palietta for well they were very tough times in the early 90s and I left there in in 95 after somebody introduced me to Peter lerson who had uh plans to revamp and expand the yachting division at lerson and then I I joined as an advisor in 95 and as an employee in 96 and I've been at Lewiston ever since and back then uh what sort of size Yachts were there some building what was the what was the industry in the market like in the 90s well there was an outlier at the time which was Limitless it was 96 meters long she was in build when I joined and the boats before were of course smaller than that and then gradually as the as the market developed into uh an audience that was receptive to larger boats we were quite well kitted up for the for their purpose because of the physical capabilities of the shipyard so you're listening to your talk you make it sound like things just kind of happened and and developed naturally but you must have had certain skill sets that made you successful first of all as the Italian gentleman's assistant then uh ballieto and then listen so what sort of skill sets do you think you developed you know if I I don't know if I can really put a put a point on it but I I'd have to say I have an advantage that I speak my languages I have an inquisitive mind and I have discovered very quickly that you can only dabble in the world of these sales if you behave as naturally as possible if you try to perform and be something else you will be found out and you'll look like a right regular idiot so it's much better to be yourself and then it either works out or it doesn't and My Philosophy has never been to try to sell something but rather than to put somebody in a position to buy and that is a subtle difference but it does work yeah it's interesting you say that I read a an interview with a very very successful Yacht broker who said exactly the same thing he said we're not sales people we're here to just make things happen bring people together the languages Which languages do you speak well I'm Dutch so I speak Dutch I went to French school so I learned French my grandparents lived in Italy so I learned Italian I speak German and I speak what have I forgotten how many uh I don't know English yeah I went to boarding school in the UK and then I uh I picked up a little bit of Spanish and my my wife is Swedish so I learned Swedish my children are Swedish so I I dabble a little bit in Swedish but to be honest it's very Rusty it needs a lot of practice I mean the years that you've been involved in yachting are really years of great growth in the industry um I was working in 94 for feretti and I looked to the way that Peretti's grown from 94 till now and now a big group do you think there's going to be a lot more growth in the industry do you think we're going to keep on on this trajectory I don't know there's two limiting factors one one is the availability of buyers but the second is the availability of production and what nursing does is not something you can ramp up indiscriminately uh without consequences because we rely on a vast network of subcontractors and or co-makers whatever you want to call them and that it has a limited capability so I would I would think that rather the market is pretty much maxed out and I think it's important to focus on expanding the visibility and the positivity of yacht ownership to an audience that right now doesn't even know about it or looks at it with a hmm you know and I think we have a lot of convincing to do there as a collective yeah I completely agree and can you talk me through the I'm sure there is no average sale because they must all be very different but what are the stages from the time that somebody makes their initial inquiry to the time they actually launched the yacht and what's your involvement in that process well when they first Contact us they it can be one of two things they can either have what I call luggage so they have a design they have a team they have experience Etc or they don't uh and then we just try to manage the co the communication and the development of The Proposal that is for that one specific line in such a way that uh they are tempted to talk to us with more interest than with others and uh hopefully we get that right more often than not the question is what I wanted to ask you as much as anything from my own personal benefit one of the problems that I or challenge is that I encounter with a YouTube channel is it attracts people who are dreamers and if they're going to dream they dream big you know you don't dream of owning a Sea Ray or you may but you dream of owning 150 meter lesson and so often I'll get inquiries from people who are really they know what they want I want 140 meters that how do you qualify the inquiries that you get to the point that you know that it's worth spending time uh with that particular inquiry I think it's not as complicated as one would think because the level of inquiries for the larger boat is is not that high yeah it's really a very very small Market and over time you develop a few instincts into assessing which project is worth pursuing it's not only whether it's a credible client but it's also how credible are you in the relationship with this client because you cannot be you know fit for all person so the clients that will it will just not gel and so you have to identify those and play with that concept and then hopefully you're betting on the right horse but uh our batting average used to be a little bit higher it is it is not as good as it used to be because there is a little bit more demand and therefore you have to work harder and more and lose more yeah and that's life we um we very kindly invited me to be part of lesson life yes which the first form is about Size Matters or does size matter and I remember Peter lesson as well mentioning that you don't just do 100 meter plus Yachts but actually I think he was saying between 50 and 80 meter is that still an important absolute Market absolutely so so from building the 55 meter moon sand of which we made quite a lot of noise about which was unusual for us that has brought us into contact with many more different people that would probably not have considered us because they think we only build big boats and that has resulted in several contracts not not quite as 55 meters but more 70 to 80 meters and so in that respect the adventure has been a success and these boats will be coming on stream in the next year or two and we're confident that we'll be able to bank on that to continue to build boats in that size range which is important to us now this morning on my YouTube channel I put a photograph of you oh dear and um I made the comment that we'd be talking this afternoon and I asked people if I had any questions for you um I'm not your daddy but the resemblance is striking so Michael I have some viewers if I had any questions for you one of the questions in particular I want to put to you because it was a very clever one um and they're saying um let me find it this is from Caesar Garcia and he asks I'd like to ask what is the future of Green Tech impact on the aesthetic of your design I think on the Aesthetics you know I mean if I understand the question correctly the green impact refers to things that you are doing to mitigate the influence the negative effect on the environment so one of the things we're doing and quite invested in is our our use of fuel cell technology from methanol with hydrogen reform for methanol and from the Aesthetics there will be absolutely no impact there is a there is a design impact in the technical design of the yacht in the sense that you would have to live with lesser range or a reallocation of spaces but which is actually very positive because if you can do a fuel cell or a propelled boat so in a combination between fuel cell and engines that run on methanol you could really Liberate the traditional positioning of the equipment and redesign the interior workings of yachts in different ways a little bit like Olivia oh that has all the mechanics all the way forward and then you just concentrate on the living technology in a much larger and more practicable way and but you both from the exterior Aesthetics would probably still look the same there's a lot of changes happening in shapes and things but most of the people that talk to us want things that are Timeless and you can do a modern Timeless you can do a classic Timeless but it's important for both that you design now that is delivered in four years that it looks good another five years after that so your idea has to be good for at least 10 to 15 years because of course um at Monaco last year you used project Alice to as a starting point to discuss hydrogen fuel cell the project Alice was really quite extreme in the yacht design but you don't need to have a design like that to benefit from hydrogen fuel system no no you don't but the one thing Alice has done very well is to open doors to thinking boats the way they're allowed in a different way and the way the way Jim the our designer who who did this boat looked at it he focused on the way a yacht is used more today than it was in the past and the outdoor live Etc and you're actually only inside only for very few things and that philosophy we have found back in some of the other designs we're doing today of course you don't need to go as radical but you have to bear in mind that when when Yachts are built one group is people that want to make a design statement and and really have a strong vision of how they would like their boat to be and the other large group is actually more live I call them lifestylers with respect but their vision of boating is more about the use of the boat in their social life and they are also very concerned about what is the resale value of that specific object and the boat was there for not very different from all the others there's a dining room and it's here and there's a salon and there's a spot yes you get a lot of that and we slowly try to trigger design changes design ideas and some people are more receptive than others and that applies also to the technology part but people know boats from the boat they have been on or the boat they have and then we try to explain to them about fuel cell technology about hybrid technology all the different things you can do that are we'll meet with a positive emotion from their children and grandchildren because they've made a change to something that can be considered a little bit negative now I really want to dig into that with you because you also made a comment a little earlier about giving a positive message about yachting and now we're talking about the green uh argument of yachting as well I really think that over the last 12 months yachting is um it's had a lot of negative views around it for all kinds of different reasons how do you think in the industry we can put a more positive message forward I think it's relatively simple you have to keep on hammering out the real positives the obvious positive is the economic impact I mean we as shipyards we we call it flippantly maybe recycle but we we redistribute the wealth generated by as one individual into literally thousands of different individuals that live off the lifestyle of one person and whether that's in the building or in the operation of the boat it doesn't really matter so that is a very very positive aspect the second thing is I think we need to work on is right now if you go to a movie and there's a yacht in the movie typically that'll be the lair of the evil person speaking with a horrible accent and I have to tell you for the people that I have you know been able to do a yacht with they have all been very strong family people and wanted to have a boat in which they can have a healthy cozy family life because the world is so hectic and that the life on board of a yacht is actually the best thing you can do to your family and if anybody can afford it they should the nice thing about building though is it doesn't have to be a hundred meter boat I have a little boat it's 5.8 meters and it means exactly the same thing for me as it does to someone who has a 20 meter or a 50 meter it's just a matter of what your purse is but it doesn't make you any less happy and I think that is the most positive value that you can put on a yard I think if people hates the yachting industry because they just dislike wealthy people there's not much we can do about that but as regards the um the carbon footprinted yachts I think the whole industry seems to be making a yes unless I think a spearheading that in many years well we're doing a bit we're doing a bit and we're and we're not necessarily doing the right bit we don't know but we're doing our bit and if everybody does their bit something will come out I am convinced that will make us all look at it in a different way but you're right if somebody is negative about it they will be negative about it and and and that that's unfortunate but in my life I've noticed that typically most people live in admiration of what we do and I think most people are proud of the fact that there is somebody who's been able to reward himself for his successes or her successes in this world and I think that is the most powerful driver for ambition and emotion to take yourself into your tank and one last question for you Michael it's a really important question people either watching this video or listening to the podcast who who want to have a career in yachting or who are already in the business but they want to do more and they're ambitious what's your advice for them if you want to be uh have a career at my end of the business you have to be willing to sacrifice a lot it all looks very nice and dandy and look at around and but that's that's our clients that's not us you have to be willing to work 70 80 hours a week you have to be willing to travel seven or eight eight days a week you have to forego many many of the things that are really really very nice in life in order to do what you do and it's um so if you plan a career in your thing I think you need to think very very hard about the hard work it really is to make a difference excellent thank you well that's very kind of used to say sir and thanks so much for your time it's a pleasure to see you as always thanks

  Top Comments:
  1. @timtownsend4151 [6 likes]: This is evolving into a great series of interviews and insights.  Michael's insights were fascinating.  Great job as always David
  2. @joev3512 [4 likes]: Great interview, David. I just wish you had asked what he thinks the yachting world will look like in ten to 15 years' time, with green tech coming and all.
  3. @reynaldo_santos [2 likes]: I really love how the CEO spoken. Because he gave empathy to his client and another point is his mindset looking forward for a 5-10 years after they made the ship. Wow that was fantastic. Please 🙏🙏🙏🙏 hire me...I wanna say thank you to the uploader this is great and appreciated video..👍👍 This is a win , win situation for both side and after that it was a break a leg plan..
  4. @michaeldenyssen9945 [2 likes]: Thank you David... and thank you Michael Breman for sharing with David a view of what your world and life has been about. An exemplary example, overview of what it takes to succeed for my teenage children. Much appreciated
  5. @canadiancorporal3501 [2 likes]: Excellent video as always David... I really enjoyed it so informative
  6. @urbansmrekar1103 [1 likes]: Excellent questions reflect your intelligence David! Really enjoyed this interview.
  7. @patrickabas1112 [1 likes]: Another amasing person and professional and ..... he is Dutch too 🙂
  8. @jf6853 [1 likes]: Fantastic and intriguing questions and answers - really enjoyed this video.  Thanks 👍
  9. @grondhero [1 likes]: Enjoyable interview.  Thanks for the video!   A bit humorous that as Michael Breman is listing off all the languages he speaks, it slipped his mind that he was speaking English. 😊
  10. @FLGurl [1 likes]: Outstanding conversation.  Thank you!
  11. @typxxilps: What a great interview and kind of questions that does not interrupt the flow of the conversation but do steer through the topics.
Deserves more attention , the video and the channel cause these are extraordinary people that have to share more than just a bit of experience.
  12. @panpiper: I am absolutely convinced that methanol fueled fuel cells powering electric drives is the ideal solution for yachts. All the more so due to work being done to manufacture methanol from renewable energy using atmospheric carbon. Yachts fueled that way would literally be net zero in their impact on carbon emissions, among other things.
  13. @lamarb2513: David thank you for the video and this channel. It does allow those of us who can only dream of being owners the insights to fuel our imaginations. I think you mentioned some where about a 3rd channel. Any idea of the name? I'd love to join that one as well.
  14. @TimPatrickEvers: Your questions were really well pointed, David. Very effective in 20 min only. I am glad you use this platform to educate, too.
  15. @peneloped.wenman4388: ...,well David...for a certainty... some make brilliant Super Yacht Captains...or their natural talents shine in SuperYacht Instruction...but true authentic, happy Salesmanship truly uplifts & enhances the entire Industry...a true salesperson has a natural love & enthusiasm...that pours forth & brings joy along for the ride...you, David hold high the Golden Standard of Salesmanship...this natural ability can't be forced or learned...your every presentation is fun, very informative & a true 'vacation'...even if over a lunch break @ the office ...your merch is great too...I can't help but think how many of your subscribers save up to attend one or the entire SuperYacht Show Season...I would hope there is an Award of Recognition for Excellence in SuperYacht Salesmanship...you would certainly be the top Nominee...
  16. @JyttesTrailCamera: Wonderful interview, very interesting. Thank you so much for this 😊
  17. @MrDrburrows: David your nose is still shiny need more powderpuff lol
  18. @clifbradley: I think the last 2 pedigree yacht builders that can turn out something under 55 meters, but over 40 and have it go anywhere and do anything is Lurssen and Feadship. Heesen unfortunately is tarnished with the sanctioned Russian owners. Resigning from the board and whatever, unfortunately doesn't matter. Oceanco is just bigger bigger bigger and stupider. If we look at the shipyards that have trans-atlantic and trans-pacific capability to cross on their own hulls, get you there safely, in comfort, and have everything you need to live while you are there for a week or two, and isn't some 85 meter megayacht, then Lurssen, Feadship, Bering, maybe Numarine, Rosetti(?), Benetti(?), Van Der Walk and CdM. I would say in the 125-160' range of yacht. Feadship and Bering, no doubt. CdM is a strong most likely. Van Der Walk...probably. Benetti and their Byond series or whatever they want to call it could maybe do it. Damen I don't think builds that small anymore. Rosetti? RossiNavi? My top 5 though is Lurssen, Feadship, Bering, CdM and Van DerWalk. David could probably give more insight, but no doubt won't. Cheoy Lee if we expand to 6.
  19. @reynaldo_santos: Praying to be employ on this company ( LURSSEN) 🙏🙏🙏🙏❤️❤️
  20. @SoCalFreelance: Is LÜRSSEN going to invest in hydrogen fueling stations at ports the way Tesla invested in recharging stations early on?  Some of them can be out in the middle of the ocean with large floating solar arrays.  The possibilities are endless.  Would love to be a part of that vision.

- CLIC Motor Yacht For Sale Tour | Fort Lauderdale International Boat Show 2024 | YATCO: Kind: captions Language: en-US Hi, I'm Morgan with YACTO and we're aboard the 2023 96-foot Sanlorenzo CLIC This is Paris with YACHTS 360. Hi Paris, how you doing today? Hi everyone, I'm Paris with YACHTS 360 and I am joined with Morgan&nbsp; here. We're going to show you guys the really awesome features on this&nbsp; specific model. It's very different from other SD96 yachts in its class. So I'm excited to show you guys all the features. Thank you, Paris. So tell me a little&nbsp; about this area right here. It looks&nbsp;&nbsp; like a very comfortable deck. I can&nbsp; just imagine laying out here at anchor. Yeah. So, this is awesome. You've got plenty of room to entertain guests here&nbsp; You can keep an eye on everyone up on the Jacuzzi and kind of keep&nbsp; everyone at a great pace. That's awesome. Wow! Well, can we check out&nbsp; this Jacuzzi, because it looks very inviting. Let's check it out. Oh my goodness. What a great space. This looks so inviting. Yeah. As we make out way up you'll see that&nbsp; it has clear glass in the front. It can fit&nbsp;&nbsp; up to six people in this Jacuzzi and the&nbsp; you have your loungers to the side as well. And everything covers and goest back when you're&nbsp; cruising or just not using it at the moment. That's awesome. This is such a great space. Alright, let's go back here.&nbsp; I want to check this out. [MUSIC] Oh wow, Paris, this is really cool and unique.&nbsp; Tell me about this. I don't normally see this. So as we make our way in this is the alfresco&nbsp; dining area. You'll see that is is fully&nbsp;&nbsp; surrounded with these stackable doors giving&nbsp; you a complete indoor, outdoor entertainment&nbsp;&nbsp; space that can be completely closed off&nbsp; for a completely climate controlled area. You'll see that the owner installed these pocket doors here for privacy and&nbsp; comfort and then you have a complete open area to hang out, lounge&nbsp; and then you've got your outdoor kitchen as as well. Wow. Yeah, let's check out this kitchen. This is a really nice kitchen.&nbsp; Love the grill That's really cool&nbsp;&nbsp; and I love all of this lounge space. and these nice little sun loungers. I can just&nbsp; picture just laying out here. Another feature that the owner of this specific boat upgraded was this was&nbsp; originally a bar which he turned into a outdoor kitchen space. Just to kind of&nbsp; have that up here and then the bar downstairs. So, you have the best&nbsp;&nbsp; both worlds. Wow. This is awesome, this is a very cool space. Very unique. Yes, very well though out. Yeah. I can tell like he spent a lot of time thinking about what he wanted&nbsp; and this makes on water living at its finest. For sure. Yes, absolutely. All right. Can we check out the main deck aft? Let's do it! Perfect. This is a great main deck aft. So spacious Yeah, so as we make our way back here you'll see that you've got your&nbsp; formal dining area back here. Plenty of room for lounging or cruising and just&nbsp; hanging out and enjoying the water when you're out with your friends family&nbsp; stuff like that. Yeah this is really nice. It's&nbsp; it's very comfy and it makes&nbsp; you like just want to feel so relaxed. Yes very spacious. All right, let's check out the interior. Oh my goodness. Wow, this is beautiful. Yes so there are a couple highlights in here I want to point out that the owner did,&nbsp; actually installed afterwards. So you'll notice that on the floor it's all&nbsp; upgraded bamboo flooring and it's all nonslip as well. oh yeah that's very very cool. That and then you also got on other SD&nbsp; 96s this bar is actually going to be&nbsp;&nbsp; extended out to here, where on this model they shortened it just so that you have&nbsp; a large welcoming entrance onto the yacht. And that does make a difference. It makes it feel a whole lot more open.&nbsp; Really opens up the space in here very nicely. All the interior was done by Marty Low so you might notice a couple&nbsp; of her accents on some of the decor and interior design in here as well. She did a beautiful job. I mean this is so well designed so well thought out&nbsp; and it really makes you feel at home. I love how&nbsp;&nbsp; large the windows are. It really&nbsp; brings the outside in. I can just&nbsp; imagine sitting here at anchor and looking at the beautiful blue water all&nbsp; around. Yep and of course. So all the&nbsp; curtains go up and down and their blackout curtains as well so you have&nbsp; that level of privacy when just anchoring out as well. Oh fantastic. That's very&nbsp; cool. Well can we check out&nbsp; the master now? Yes, let's let's do it. It's one&nbsp; of my favorite areas on the boat.&nbsp; I love that the main deck&nbsp; master. That's just really&nbsp; helpful. Yep so when you first walk in you'll notice the beautiful master head.&nbsp; You've got a full shower, double sinks, restroom. Very nice. Wow, this is really an oasis. Yep, the perfect space. You've got a TV that comes&nbsp; out here. Your bed, plenty of room to&nbsp; hang out chill. A desk here. so yeah I can tell you have beautiful views as well. Yes, 360 degree views. Very beautiful. So, how many people can this yacht accommodate? This boat specifically accommodates 10.&nbsp; It's got five staterooms, five heads. You've got two twin rooms and&nbsp; two VIPs and then master. So it&nbsp; was kind of designed for families be able to bring their kids along&nbsp;&nbsp; and hang out. So you've got your VIP in the Twin room just across from each other. You can keep an eye on&nbsp; everybody that way and the rooms are identical on either side. This is beautiful. That's very unique. The art on this boat is amazing. This is a beautiful room. I mean the yacht can&nbsp; really accommodate a variety of different guest&nbsp;&nbsp; types, which is really nice. Yes exactly and you've got plenty of closet space in here. Got stackable&nbsp;&nbsp; drawers and you've got a TV in here as well. It's a great space. Yeah this is great guest accommodations for sure. There are a lot of upgraded features honestly there's a long list. It's hard to hit all&nbsp; of them, but it is yes everything was designed to maximize privacy and comfort&nbsp; and just for everyone to be able to hang out and enjoy their time together. It's&nbsp;&nbsp; a beautiful boat. Kind of one amongst its entire class. Yeah I can tell that she's very unique from all&nbsp; the other Sanlorenzo yachts in this same size range. It's really impressive to see&nbsp; the difference and she's so inviting. Thank&nbsp; you so much Paris for having us aboard,&nbsp;&nbsp; thank you so much for walking us through and telling us all about this&nbsp; incredible yacht for sale. We greatly appreciate it. Thanks for joining us today Morgan we appreciate&nbsp; it. Thank you and thank you all for watching!

  Top Comments:
  1. @darrenedmonds1163: Saturn helium in this boat ladies

- Who joins a yacht club in the desert?? Quartzite Yacht Club 2023: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] thank you hi Gary what did we just do became members of the quartzite Yacht Club what does that mean that means uh we get reciprocity every yacht club in the world [Laughter] this is the only one that doesn't have boats oh but they do have both yeah they just have no water very true stopped in we're getting something on the chair then very cool hey see this is a naughty mule delish and with that Gary and I are now which basically means that there's reciprocity to a lot of yacht clubs around the world so it should be a lot of fun how great is that joining a yacht club in the desert right

  Top Comments:
  1. @runawaywithhandk [1 likes]: Very Interesting. Why not, a yacht is just an rv for the water 😀
  2. @caroldavis5284: Found you 😀

- NHYC Grand Opening Party: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] the newport harbor yacht club was founded on october 22nd 1916. as we journey through the second century of club history together it is apparent to all who have walked through this stunning structure that the spirit and character of the old is present in the new stock master fire one ready

- Freedom Boat Club - What does it cost to belong and is it right for you?: Kind: captions Language: en let's talk about Freedom Boat Club to not waste your time I imagine there's only two questions that probably brought you to this video number one what does it cost to join and belong to Freedom Boat Club and number two is Freedom Boat Club right for you the first thing I will cover is the cost because if someone who was actually affiliated with Freedom Boat Club was right here talking to you which I am not that is probably what would be on your mind what does it cost and for many of us that's the most important thing you can just stop watching this video after this section if the dollars and cents don't add up for you right let's get to cost right away right now in my area they are running a special and here's the Initiation fee this fee is sort of your down payment or upfront cost that you have to pay to become a member here in Maryland and here are the monthly payments after that this is what you have to pay each month after you join in my area to be a member of Freedom Boat [Music] [Applause] Club they also have a slightly cheaper option if you only want to boat on weekdays which means you can't use the boats on weekends and here's the monthly fees for that in your area prices might be quite different so if you are in any way interested at this point go check out their website and you may be able to find what the pricing structure is like in your area or special offers they have right now in your area if the price is too high and it scared you away that's fine I totally get it please be sure to give this video a like and comment down below to let me know really what the problems you had with regards to Freedom Boat Club but if you haven't been scared away let's talk a little bit more about the details and see if Freedom Boat Club is actually right for you I'm going to break down the costs and see how it compares to boat ownership and then I'll cover some of the real positive benefits of boat clubs and then some of the negative aspects of Freedom Boat Club one important consideration is your ability to store and transport a boat for example I can keep my boat right here in my yard and my boat ramp is a block away but if you live somewhere more urban like here or somewhere like this or if you live here your options for storing and launching a boat are much more limited and probably quite costly which can make a boat club quite appealing and if you're considering buying a new boat where you're going to be financing a boat let's say you were to buy a brand new boat like this particular boat right here for basically $45,000 which is very similar to some of the boats Freedom Boat Club has and if you were to finance this boat at 4% interest for 15 years your payment every month would be $332 186 which is only about $50 less than what your monthly fees would be with Freedom Boat Club oh what it seems to show is that unless you're buying a really cheap boat and do all the work yourself Freedom Boat Club is probably a cheaper alternative especially when we look at Future years because the big initial fee is only paid at year one and if you were to buy a boat your m maintenance and repair costs are going to go up but you might think to yourself if I buy a brand new boat after the 15 years I own that boat outright versus just paying Freedom Boat Club but what you have after your boat is paid off is a 15-year-old boat that probably needs new upholstery might need some engine work maybe a couple of gel coat repairs and at best maybe that boat's worth $155,000 of of course paying the club's monthly fee for the six-month shoe AR boting isn't any fun but anyone who is financed to boat is also making payments on that boat in the off season going back to that loan calculator you've spent over $60,000 and that's not even counting maintenance repairs and storage fees and in a way that big Initiation fee is sort of like the down payment you would be making if you were financing a boat I mean I guess really for a person who would like to go boating in newer boat without having any hassles belonging to something like Freedom Boat Club can be a lot cheaper and certainly easier than buying one outright because other than the monthly dues all you're paying for is the fuel that you use that's it just the fuel which if you had your own boat you'd be paying for fuel too okay I think I've covered the cost aspect pretty thoroughly so what are some of the other positive benefits of belonging to something like Freedom Boat Club they are a club with a lot of locations in the US Canada and even France over 300 locations means it's important to make sure one is near you but also there could be locations where you might plan to travel my main Home Port for Freedom Boat Club would be just across my river and they also have locations in Baltimore and Annapolis and even Washington DC how cool is that like I could go to Washington DC and take a boat out for the day now I know from here for me to go up to Baltimore is a couple hour of boat rides so that's quite a bit of fuel just for me to be able to boat around Baltimore however with them having a location there as a member if I wanted to I could reserve a boat in Baltimore and take that boat out for the afternoon and if you're traveling for work or for vacation as a member of Freedom Boat Club you also have limited access to boats at any other location so for example San Diego Miami Chicago whatever and if you've ever dealt with or thought about the challenges of trailering your own boat to a vacation destination wouldn't the vacation be much easier if you could just hop in a boat when you're at your destination and all you have to pay for is the fuel that's a pretty huge thing if you ask me but as with anything there are also some negatives Freedom Boat Club is not for everyone because paying x amount of dollars per month all the time to have access to boats for some people is simply not in their budget and they definitely do have some restrictions with regards to the usage of their boats for example you can't use their boats after Sundown or Before Dawn and as I mentioned earlier they only have so many boats per location for some people that's going to be a deal breaker and I get that it's also not for you if you just plan to go out fishing periodically in a small boat because you can just buy a small boat a whole lot cheaper than it would be belonging to Freedom Boat Club plus you can take it out before the sun comes up and be out there catching the fish early in the morning and if you're someone like me where my Marina is literally just a block from my house my marina fees are negligible I can store my boat in my yard and I use older boats that do need a lot of work unfortunately but my yearly costs are maybe $100 a month and that's much less than what I would spend belonging to Freedom Boat Club and because I have water access and my boat is a block away I can literally walk down to my boat after dinner and within 5 minutes be out on the water if I was a member of Freedom Boat Club my nearest Freedom Boat Club location is over a half an hour drive away any time I wanted to take a boat out I would have to be planning ahead to drive somewhere I can't be nearly as spontaneous as I can can having a boat right here as I get older and I don't want to do the maintenance and repairs to our boat anymore I may consider something like Freedom Boat Club maybe I would just keep a tiny boat or two here in my yard and anytime we wanted to go out on a bigger boat or a nicer boat we would use a Freedom Boat Club boat so maybe someday it might be right for me so what do you think about Freedom Boat Club be sure to put your comments below and here's another video that I think you should check out it looks like a real good one yeah it does check it out

  Top Comments:
  1. @dougschemmel99 [82 likes]: This is a well made video.. very informative with honest finance numbers. Well done Wayne
  2. @TM-tw1py [1 likes]: One big drawback to Freedom Boat Club (or Carefree Boat Club) is the reservation system an availability.  You may share with boat with 10 other users (Carefree has typically type users per boat), so those nice summer weekends will be booked way in advance, with little availability.
  3. @Lew114 [1 likes]: My friend joined. He liked it at first. Then they pulled out of one of the two lakes in our area. Same number of members, half as many boats. Then they got insanely strict on their weather restrictions. He’s almost never able to get a boat. I decided that it’s definitely not for me.
  4. @patriciaburgess6342: Can you share the price with a partner?
  5. @noneedforaname8808: 15 year loan on a boat is crazy not to mention slip fees, insurance, maintenance, storage, the PITA of launching if trailering, traveling with a boat is another thing as you need to have a vehicle capable of towing which is more cost.  Convenience is time and time is money.
  6. @alexandraalexandra490: Good video.
  7. @Peace2tW-q1c: There is not a single boat in my local FBC that has a head and as an older couple with older friends, 4 hours out on the water bouncing around is not a good option with no head yet we are old enough to afford a boat club and for that reason we are not joining.
  8. @nevernamed1234: Thanks for putting costs in a straightforward way up front
  9. @vadimus2007: 3 years ago I watched your video that helped us to decide whether joining the club is worth for us when our old boat was deemed too old and basic for us.
We did it and quite enjoyed some benefits, like being able to boat in places we travel to, like Cape Cod or San Diego (we're Ottawa, Canada based).
But there were some disadvantages too, and with current MAGA 51st state stuff we're not looking to visit the USA anytime soon.

Now we're going to leave the club and get our own boat again, I guess the circle is completed now :)
  10. @Nygar1: Might as well  buy a boat the initiation fee is same as down payment  plus  monthy payment is the same plus your making someone else rich. Not to mention if you walk away with nothing . Your wrong about maintenance you cover it do all oil changes clean it the boat will still be in nice shape in 15 years. Good luck renting it on weekends when 50 other people want to rent one .
  11. @Robin-h6q3e: You can get money back from your own boat. You will never get any of your money back with a boat club.
  12. @Robin-h6q3e: I called and talked to a Freedom boat club rep. They wanted the same amount just to join then the monthly fees. I thought about it and said I could go buy a brand new boat for what they want. That's for the rich people. I can by a brand new boat about twenty thousand not 45,000 come on Wayne. The best boat is a used boat that is few years old the original owner takes the hit and you walk away with a beautiful boat for 3/4 the cost. These boat clubs are BS!
  13. @JoeVideo13: This is a great video - thank you for creating it.  As I am nearing retirement, I was considering buying a boat, but I live at least 20 minute from any navigable water, so I'd be spending a fortune on marina fees.  This video really helped make up my mind - as soon as my mortgage payments are done, I will be joining, and a portion of the money I spend on my mortgage every month, will go to FBC.  I also travel the east coast and would love to have a boating day built into my travel.  I am sold!
  14. @boatbikemike8571: I’m definitely considering joining a club. I’m a merchant mariner, so I have a very short time available for boating each month, but it’s something I want to share with my family. The idea of not needing to waste time on maintenance and trailering is very appealing
  15. @richardsypher6039: Nice comparison; however, you included marina costs in your comparison. Generally, you only pay marina fees if you use the wet slips. It would be either the $1,200 marina fee or the $900 dry storage fee. You covered that later in the video but the initial comparison was a little off. 🙂
  16. @laserengraver8383: Just another time share rip off !    Thanks for the information. I will buy a new small boat and be better off.
  17. @CanadaSuburb: It’s 4000$ Canadian here in Vancouver BC.   That’s 50% off deal .   Saw the boats at our local marina they looked a little beat up .  Overbooked, rushed on and off the boat for next crew, wait lists .   Nahhhh no thanks .   Our boating season only around 3 months maximum.   Not worth it.
  18. @richarddimarco443: Too high.
  19. @johnlowell2171: Just back from a day on the water with FBC in MD.  Used a NautiStar 24’ with 250 hp, new this year.  Garmin electronics, Mercury outboard, ICON communications etc.  My googled estimate of cost of the boat is over 100k.  We use the boats extensively, both weekends and weekdays.  For the months the boats are in the water, my biggest cost is fuel…..  I have been a member for quite a while, our start up fee was 2000.  Also of note, we have used FBC from Maine to FL over the years, and our friends cannot
 believe how we can reserve a boat and be on the water most anywhere on the east coast.
  20. @ZEROOOOOOOOOOOOOOO00: I think maybe I should move next door to you. 😉😜

- Customer Story: Ft. Lauderdale International Boat Show: Kind: captions Language: en foreign [Music] this is 59th annual Fort Lauderdale International Boat Show and we have over 800 exhibitors over 1400 boats and will have over 100 000 people visit us within the next five days the biggest challenge that we saw in this environment is the density at any given time there are hundreds of ssids in the air it's a broadcast storm the vision was to have a quality signal for our clients for attendees and of course for all the service networks that we provide the requirements that we really honed in on was the performance overall of the equipment we looked at several manufacturers and we settled on on Ruckus because of its steam forming ability and its ability to operate successfully in a very noisy very challenging environment

- Informa President of US Boat Shows Andrew Doole: A Tell-All: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome to the season 3 Wardsway podcast where we're covering the hot legislative topics of [Music] 2025. From tariffs to tunnels and bridges, from Ford trade zones to workers compensation to the Fort Lauderdale International Boat Show to the Marine Research Hub, industry experts and clarification on the B1 B2 visas. Join us as we celebrate 75 years in business. And we're just getting started. Welcome to season 3. I'm here today with Andrew Duel, president of the US Boat Shows for Informa, and we're here to talk everything about Fort Lauderdale International Boat Show coming up on the 66th anniversary. So, welcome. Thank you for coming. No, happy. Absolutely. Well, I will say, so when did you start with doing the boat shows? We were just chatting. Started in May 82. May 19. Well, I think boat shows have changed a lot. Of course, 82 was uh at the year we're in Port Everglades. So, it was uh that was your first year. My first year. So, it was a baptism of fire going to uh that show. Okay. And why was the show for everybody? Why was the show in Port Everglades that year? The show was in Port Everglades because the you show management, the management company and the association really couldn't get a contract they liked with Behar. Okay. Okay. So, it was I think it was owned by the Omni Group at the time and so they you made the decision jointly to go to the port and and try that location. And how was it? My understanding it was it was a little bumpy. Yeah. Yeah, I would say. So, I'm sure the current rips through there and you know, docks aren't what they were. We had uh we had you know terrible weather the whole time up until Monday when we closed the show Sunday night because you weren't going to open on Monday and uh you it blew and blew and blew. The wave attenuator that was built to uh try and deal with that really didn't work that well. Um so it was it was a a rough show to start with you know as your first event. Did everybody come to the table after that because it seems like we have found a home in BMR. Well, after that we had the lawsuit with the association to be honest with you. So that the association sued K and K finally won the lawsuit and then that got settled that we uh you know we're back running the event and then you know move the event back to BMR. And it's funny because show management which was K Pearson and Informa and MIASF you can't even imagine a time that that there wasn't this close because there's great communic you've done a lot I will tell you then in your tenure to repair a lot of those relationships because the relationship couldn't be closer now and it's it's funny that things can can you have to go look back at history to realize sometimes where you get no I think that happens in lots of organizations you know where it's the the association and producer don't see eye to eye. Well, they have different agendas, you know. Of course, I can remember going to the show um back when there were Oh, I mean, it would be scandalous now with um the fashion shows and remember the bikini fashion shows and the fishing equipment. It was just a different time. But I don't I I I have to say I was probably um a kid around some of that time. that I don't remember. I don't remember being offended by it, but I look at boat shows now and the sophistication and the size of boats and the equipment and and now it's not just let's have boat boats and equipment. Let's have cars, let's have helicopters, let's have live helicopters take off from boats. I mean, boat shows have changed over the years. What are some of the things that dramatically? I mean, you think like back in the day the boats just backed into slips at Beiam. They put out a white planter box, put some mums in it, sat on the back of the boat, that was their display. Now you look at what Freddi or Azim or San Lorenes and you know all the you Viking everybody's doing with the displays. I mean the it forces us to do a better job bring up you know up to a better level and I think we you know we love the show improving love the way the manufacturers really want to up the game. I agree. I've noticed that. Yeah, you see a lot of investment in that. No, there's a huge amount of investment from them. Time, the displays, the, you know, the flying crews in to build the displays to make it look beautiful so they can reproduce the same feeling as if you're in their factories or if you the the lifestyle that that brand is going to give you when you you buy that product. So, that's what they're trying to you portray that to you know, you're the attendee and you walk in. Well, if you own this boat, this is you can come to these events and this and you know that's why they go to the I think the level of sophistication with the barges is to really portray the image of the lifestyle you're about to join. That's an interesting perspective. You know, I always just assumed they were trying to um look better than the stand next to them maybe. But but it does make sense in bringing that and I'm sure you've had the conversations with these builders that that is what they're trying to do to bring that and and that is so difficult to do. The other thing I don't think people pay attention to is this boat show is completely manufactured. It's not um it's not like you have the luxury of Yes. The convention center is one of seven locations of the Fort Lauderdale Boch. So the Bocho has seven locations. Even the convention center is being redeveloped. But the convention center is is a building that you you go in and then you make your stand. It's a controlled weather environment. You guys have to build the show, create it, all of it, all of these bar, every experience and bring in all the docs. Talk to me about how long does that take? The whole process, you know, the the process beforehand for fall audit was probably like a close to a month. Mhm. And um where we start build up staging equipment at Los Solis and you know you've got seven miles of dock. So um that we're going to launch and you know take out for the show. So that's seven miles. That's a wonderful trivia. So it's you know it's the infrastructure for the show. It's all the barges you know the docks that individual components that make up the barges for these displays. And then on top of that you've got hundreds of miles of wire. I was just going to say Of course, being egocentric, thinking about the electric and all of these boats, they're not sitting there running on generator. No, 99% are on on shore power. And you know, you know what it takes to go through to do that. And it's, you know, some of it's generator, some of it's most it's predominantly FPL power, but the larger these boats are getting, the more the power requirements. Sometimes we're having to go back to some generators in some areas to provide enough power. Now, also just even the tents because I was an exhibitor. I've been an exhibitor, I think, in almost every tent over the years. Um, we were in the uh the the one or 200 tent um with with some of the the regular ship store supplies. I then was in the three and 400 tent. So, I could give you an exhibitor's perspective. No, I have been an ex in all and actually both in Miami and in Palm Beach. But I but I do know I've even recognized over the decades the amount I don't I don't think people can fully appreciate the amount of time and dedication and just because that luxury the the game is leveling up it doesn't mean you get a bunch more time you don't get to go to the city and beamar and say can we have two months to set up you you still get that same amount of time that you've got to be in the same amount of time you know to set breakdown so it's it's you know we've got a great teams with docks with freight with with electric. So, we've got and we use a lot of subcontractors. So, you know, we'll go from a staff of 100 up to probably like 500 at showtime. So, we're obviously employing a lot of people. And it's 24 hours, right? I mean, I've been there late. Close to Yeah, close to because I know I've been there setting up my own booth and it's maybe two days before the show and boy, you show up the next morning and it's like, man, people were doing a lot of work around here. This looks totally different. This is awesome. Um, so I think there's two two issues that people talk about the boat show um that that would it possibly be a a challenge, let's say. One is weather, which you and I have experienced. Um, Wilma, right? Wilma, was Wilma the first actual hurricane that disrupted a show, or have there been? It's the first one. Yeah, we've had storms before. We had a we had a spring show up here, 66. We had a tornado go through and Okay. uh tore that show up. But uh that was the first, you know, you could see it coming. Is it going to miss us? Well, no, it's not going to miss us. It's going to hit us. And the plans we took and some were right and some were wrong. You know, to how to handle that, you know, with the weather coming in. I was so impressed. I have to say Kay Pearson, who was the owner, founder, president of show management at the time, um, you know, when when most of the show was set up, correct me if I'm wrong, a lot of the tents were set up. A lot of all of the tents were up, all of the docks were in. We're actually starting to move boats in. So, it was literally like a week before, correct? And so I remember that instantly the association got together with obviously um you know the management and said you know what are we going to do and I don't think Kay hesitated. I don't think anybody from MISF did either. It was this show is going on like we're going to take care of it. And the people that showed up in that boardroom I I mean I get chills now even talking about it. I I had been president I think for all of four months and I was like whoa. And here's all, you know, you've got Terry Styles and Ron Berseron and all of these that all came around to their friend Kay and said, "We're going to help you. What do we need to do?" And it wasn't a burden to the city and it wasn't a burden on businesses. And in fact, I'm still going to stand by. It was the absolute right decision that everybody decided to do it because I think about the jobs that were saved. You know, it's it's the yes, we didn't have power. And I know that the the media always wants to jump on something and say like, "Oh, well, the rich boat show has to go on while all of us are without power." And it's like, there are over 1,200 boats in the water and how many exhibitors land exhibitors in the in the show approximate. I mean, you've got 1,200 exhibitors in all the show in all of the show. But that's 1,200 businesses, correct? That had planned on this. And and without the show, there are some businesses that I know I I did interviews that more than 50% of their gross sales for the year occurred during that show. And that would have been horrible if we had canceled that and not given them an opportunity. And it turned out to be a pretty good show. Yeah. I mean, Kay's only frustration was that we couldn't do it on time. You was expected, you know, the show's got to open on time, but I think we delayed by a week and then opened correct from memory. And uh it was a huge amount of work. And of course, you know, you were going home to a house that didn't have power or water. All of us. All of a sudden, you know, we were actually getting fuel from the fuel dock of BMR even to be able to get to work and back. We had, you know, for those of us working at the show site, we had uh you know, like special pass to be out past curfew, right? You know, with the city of Fort Lauderdale. So, it was u it was challenging time, but I think it was a a very smart decision. And I know you were a big part of it and because it just goes to prove that rain or sun, hurricane or not, we're having the show. Fort Lauderdale boat show is here to stay and it's happening. Um the second one I think that people think of is redevelopment and I know that that's come up a lot about the Fort Lauderdale show. My philosophy is I don't know how you have a 66-y year running show spanning over seven locations and don't think that any of those in 66 years are going to need to be redeveloped. So talk to me about all those sites. I know that the the Pier 66 is well I mean Pier 66 is done now you've got this you know fabulous six restaurants you know fabulous probably the you know finest marina resort you know in the country. Absolutely. um the you know the convention center you know we went from you nothing to build the convention center now the you're going to have an 800 room hotel beautiful Omni sitting right there next to the convention center which will you know add to the hotel block that we've already got uh the the pier I think is around 320 rooms something like that you know some obviously fivestar rooms at at the pier um so that's and again restaurants spectac you know the restaurants spectacular addition. I mean it will be a real anchor on that end of the show and I think it will change the dynamic at that end of the show. I mean, you've got, you know, Len, Azima, Benetti, San Lorenzo, you know, taking offices in the pier there. So, it's it's really a marine, you know, a marine hub, and they're committing to 12 months out of the year, not not just during the show, right? Um, you know, and a lot of those brands have, you know, that shows their commitment to this absolutely this industry, this, you know, this country by having big offices and support people, service people here. So if you have another Wilmer, they're not so affected because they've already got all the people here or when COVID happened, you know, I mean, a lot of those brands had people here so they could operate kind of as normal, you know, people I completely forgot about co is another one. Co was I mean the show was open. Co we were probably one of the only events that ran, you know, that year. We were one of the only informer events that ran out of 600 events. So, um, you know, I was there. It was phenomenal. So, with, you know, obviously then our association, you know, Phil and the association working hard with us and, you know, Rob and I working with Phil and then, you know, Rob Carer and and the county to make it happen and the support of, you know, Ken Makavoy and everybody else at Informer to to make that thing happen. But I I feel like that is our industry that we that we we always are fraught with challenges whether I mean look at boating in general. I mean you're always against the weather, inclement weather, you know, so I mean we're always doing that. So how could we not have a show um with that? But that's right co and and I know I I exhibited and honestly had a great show and can I be can I be truthful? I will tell you, I think it was a wonderful reset because um one of the rules was we couldn't have hand brochures or a bunch of giveaways. Well, tell me as an exhibitor that is music to my ears. I didn't you mean I am not allowed or I don't have to have tables full of things for PE to give away. And guess what? I still had a tremendous show. No, I think we you know we obviously we we had a lot less people. I think we had probably half or less than the normal uh attendance, but I think the people that came out were really truly yes inspired to be there and wanted to see product, wanted to buy something. And I think you'd find that most of the manufacturers that were there had a great show and the dealers there had a great show. Um I think more for new boats and brokerage in that show. Okay. Um, but I think they probably did as well as, you know, close to a 2000. You know, what they'd done Yeah. in years past because the pe the, you know, the buyers and the and the and the dealers or the manufacturers got together quicker because there's less people in the middle. There you go. I'm telling you, it kind of Yeah, it there there were many things that sometimes we have to learn from these experience, but but there were many things that even postco, you know, we're not necessarily implementing. I know for me um not having as many just little things out and not having all of that you know in the end we can just focus on really you know having the conversations talking to customers but you don't have to go to 15 big parties and three big dinners and have thousands of dollars worth of giveaways to have a successful show and and it was very successful. So going back to the redevelopment. So we're moving down the waterway. Um we're going to skip over BMR and close with that one but swimming hall of fame was redeveloped. Beautiful. Well, it's it's you know, it's still in the process. So, um you know, they they got the polls done. I mean, now I think after this year's show, they will start on the um the building at the end. Um so, then, you know, eventually you'll have a you know, you offices and an entertainment space that would be available to the show, but I'm I'm sure that piece at the end will take three years, but we can we'll work around it for three years. Absolutely. But but the impact it's it's not impact once it's done. It'll be beautiful. Yeah. Moving down, you get to Los Solus. Lass Solus was redeveloped, right? No, it's now you've got a beautiful state-of-the-art marina. Exactly. And, you know, restaurants coming online. You know, I think just recently, uh, the restaurant opened there. So, now you've gone from, you know, a parking lot and a and a and a old fixed marina to, you know, a beautiful floating dock marina with offices, restaurant, you know, it's it's a complete upgrade. as an exhibitor for for a long time. Lass Solis used to be oh well you're you're kind of down at the end and and now it's there are exhibitors that are thrilled that they've been down there that now they have that entrance they have that restaurant and it's re-engage the restaurant you got the parking garage you got the connectivity with Los Solas they have like a VIP area you can get somebody into a restaurant in and out of the parking garage and into your when I was down there um during the last boat show people were thrilled that nobody wants to move from there, just so you know. So, from from my from me to you, there you go. Maybe some people do. I didn't talk to everybody, but um to me, the the the sense was that people were thrilled and because of the redevelopment, they don't feel like they're they're exactly where they want to be. And so, I guess now coming back to BHMR, let's talk about that. What is that development going to look like and how long? It's it's obviously been a long long process that started with, you know, the Heisinger group wanting to do something there and then, you know, they sold everything out to Blackstone. Blackstone pursued it with the city for some time. You know, we so we worked through a lot of these different plans with different, you know, the different developers and, you know, and now now, you know, the current group, Tate related to to doing what they're going to do. But we've worked closely with um you Jimmy and Kenny T on on the project and with EDSA a local company that's you know worked a lot with those guys and then worked closely with us on other projects as well. So, we've had a lot, you know, the boat show has had a lot of say and input into what it's going to, you know, what it's going to eventually be like there. And, you know, and the show will, you know, nothing is going to touch the inwater portion. So, that remains exactly the same, you know. So, the land will change a little bit, but for the better. You'll have you nice hotel, you know, you have a beautiful area there that's absolutely landscaped and firstass looking, you know, instead of a, you know, something built in. Great thing. I agree. And I and I I guess where I was coming from is that in the meetings that I was in back with previous, as you said, previous owners, I will say that there's always been a collective um emphasis and focus on how do we keep every exhibitor, keep every exhibitor happy, right? That that's been an exhibitor because these are businesses and and like you said, there's,200. People may have to change. People may have to adjust. But can we still give them the same show if not better? And the answer's always been yes. People will just have to again just reimagine what you know people will look at it after. I my guess is that people say, "Oh, h how did we live like this? How did we ever do a show without this?" Well, I mean you'll have a St. Reges hotel on site, you know, now you've got, you know, five fivestar hotel at the St. Reges there, which probably be five star restaurants. Yeah. Restaurants. So you'll have a lot more options for all the people especially those that are traveling in you know I think it's it's it's going to be a great improvement to the show and do you have a timeline on that do we 10 years is it something like that but I mean in the end there's not there's not a plan it's a phase development but I mean you know the show will will you know there's not a year plan that the show will not go on the show is going to go on through the 100% every year good and that's you heard it here that's I just wanted to make sure um and not that I have have any doubts? But you know, people especially the people that just come into town or people that that don't know and they go, "Oh, you know, that's getting redevelop. Are they going to come?" Well, our industry is rife for rumors, right? Oh, we love those. We You want to start one here? What can we start? Let's start. Well, I'll tell you what. But I I it's not really a rumor, but it is it is a funny we were talking about um uh your your previous uh predecessor K K K K K K K K K K K K K K K K K K K K K P P P P P P P P P P P P P P P P P P P P P P P P P P P P P P P P P P P P P P P Pearson, and um I do have to say I I think about him often when I see some of these boats that are trying to take their lines off maybe maybe right after or during the horns. He's mad. Is that your fault? Probably. So, he's got to be just unfortunately, you know, you got boats that have to get out by, you know, the the bigger the boats we've got in there now, they need a lot more water to get come and go. I was just going to say, so, uh, things that we do for the show now are, you know, revolve around mother nature with the tide, you know. Oh, absolutely. They've got to get out at some point and you you have a certain amount of time you got to get out of that whole facility. So, we're trying to get out of Behar completely by the weekend. So, yeah, you're going to have some boats move out a little early on Sunday afternoon. Um, well, and they all also have they have places to go. Yeah, many of them could be sold and they're they're they're heading someplace to do a closing or many of them are getting a charter and they're heading to do that. How is uh one of our guests um during this season uh we talked about foreign trade zone. How has that been beneficial for the show? because I learned something about that when to do foreign trades on and when to have a boat show bond. I think it's it's probably beneficial. Um it hasn't you the boat you obviously there's hundreds of boat show bonds out there. I mean if the whole if the whole entire site was a free trade zone, it would probably help all the brokers out. Um but it's So you would like to see if during the Fort Lauderdale boat show we could have a foreign trade zone for the show for five days for that week? Yeah, that's a big free trade zone for the week. Yeah, let's start that. I think that's great. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, we'll talk to Ron. Let's do that. Let's get him on the podcast. You know, we need we we need this. Where's producer Jordan when I need her? She's not here, but we're going to tell her we need Ronda Santis because we want to make the four lottery. Is that possible? Could we do an event trade zone? I don't know. It would It's, you know, it's a dream. I mean, it would be great. it would be it would cause like it would alleviate a lot of headaches that everybody's going through now and I feel like it would definitely be an economic impact. I do know that um our governor was in um Italy I think encouraging people to um to to buy boats and and have boat building be more he went to Italy. He came and opened the Miami show for us this year. So he was at Miami International Boat Show and opened that. So that must have been great. He's um he enjoys it. Yeah, he gets it and he's doing the the tax break on on gasoline and then not you know not banning gasoline motors on lakes in the state of Florida. So he's very uh I think he's very boater friendly. I agree and I feel like he had a saying that bring more boating to Florida. We're an open and I think that's what I think I think they're encouraging boating you know yaching boating marine business to come to the state of Florida. Well, I can tell you it's it's the place to be. It really is. Um, speaking of Miami, I hear Miami shows changing next year. It is. That has been changing over the years. Yeah. And, uh, we're actually going back to our roots a little bit. So, we're I like it. We're going back to the creek. Um, so from Herald Plaza, um, it was a two-year process, working with city of Miami Beach to get that to make that happen. Good. And, um, you worked through two administrations there. So, it's it was a long expensive process. Um, that's the thing. I don't think people understand how much behind the-scenes work you have to do in order to change a venue or or bring that back. And so, there will be a lot more connectivity between Indian Creek and the convention center. Now, you've got a, you know, drive time of perhaps 40 minutes or more to go from Herald Plaza to the convention center. Yes. Hopefully that's more like 15 20 minutes or you definitely what I got the sense of um when and I've been an exhibitor at Herop Plaza is that you know it's going to take you time and there was a hesitation. Do I leave and go? Will I get back? Do I need to go? But if it's that close then you I just think there's so much more connectivity between the two. change was really brought by our our exhibitors wanted to go back there and they they just weren't happy with the current site and so we we listen to them and you know and how is it going to work? Is there going to be is there going to be um a gate of sorts because I feel like that was the issue when it was a long Well, it's the show itself will be half a mile long instead of like a mile and a quarter. So, we had to make a lot of concessions with the city of Miami Beach to move back, okay? Uh, one of which was, you know, reduce the size and the impact of the show, okay, on on Collins Avenue and Indian Creek and to the population there. And so, move in, move out, moving equipment in for the show is going to be a lot more complicated than it was when we were last there. Uh, but it's that's logistics we're working through now. But I do feel like people miss having the show in South Beach along you know the the allure and the glamour of you know the beautiful Fountain Blue and the Rock right next to you know the the the history with those two hotels and then all of South Beach and you know if you're the exhibitors there their customer likes to stay there on South Beach. So they were pretty much staying there then getting an Uber to come over to Herald Plaza. So, we're just moving the show back to where the end user really wants to be. Well, and it and that that show you partner with IBA, correct? And so, I think EBA's really been promoting and MMA. So, you know, Oh, that's right. the MMA. You've got the you know, obviously the convention center. Um, yep. And it's thriving. U the portion that will be on on Indian Creek and which by the way, that convention center was just redeveloped not that long ago. No, you went through a complete redevelopment. Um then we're in uh you know the IGY Marina. So we're there and then we're in the FEC slip with the sailing arts. Okay. So you know it's in All right. So it's in multiple locations. So that's Miami. So Miami now has four locations. Yeah. That's great. Now let's talk about Palm Beach. Palm Beach is single spot. One location. One location. All t take over the whole waterfront and all of Palm Harbor this year. Correct. All of it. We rented for the first time all of Palm Harbor. Um, that's that's huge. I think we're I think we're maxed out now with what we did. Um, so it was a lot of boats and water, some bigger boats than we'd ever done in water. So, we're happy with that. I think a lot more European interest in the show from uh shipyards brokers. Um, perfect time of year obviously, you know, right before Easter. um still catches everybody that's hasn't gone back north. Um very user friendly show. Um you can walk in and out. It's you know West Palm Beach prides itself on being a walking city. Yeah. So I think you can walk out the show, walk up Clatus, find a restaurant. Um several businesses there, you know, that aren't necessarily connected to the show, but you know, the French restaurant right next to the show had on Saturday had their record of records. So, wow. And that's going to happen in Fort Lauderdale, too, once these once these properties are developed. I mean, we're going to have that same walkability. We just right now are are lacking that. And in order to get that, we just need to redevelop. No, I think you got lots of restaurant. like, you know, great to have the new restaurant on Los Solos and you know, coconuts is always super busy every year and I'm sure you know Elliot's a good friend and uh I know that he and his staff have a great week during boat show week because you know it's not just the crowd that we bring but you know I think you got a completely different demographic to the crowd that comes to Tortuga and I think ours is spending a lot more. Yes, we spend more money. Yes, absolutely. Because the people aren't driving in for a day. Most people are coming and um you're still doing the boat show survey, correct? Yeah. Good. Good. So, attendee scores um you know on a by an industry standard on all the shows are pretty high. So, or very high you know from the attendee and the exhibitors. Any new shows coming up? Well, we we last year we did Newport for the first time. So, we bought Newport uh last February, the September show, the Newport International. Okay. So, Newport, Rhode Island. And uh we're very very happy to have that in the family. Um it's a great location. I think it's got a lot a lot of promise and you know we hope it's you know the star of the northeast. And I feel like that's that's um it's great because it's the end of season for them, right? Most of the boats travel down that have been up north and then we go right into Fort Lauderdale and the start of really the fall season here and then they go to the Caribbean. No, you see a lot of the boats leaving. I mean, they're going to the the waterfront when you go back there in the middle of the winter is completely different here. The marinas are empty. There's the moing fields are empty. There's nothing out there. It's bleak. And then come, you know, like April, you they start putting the boats back in in the marinas and on the moing fields. So, it's it's very, you know, we're just not used to seasonal boating. We're so lucky to have 12 month boating here. We don't appreciate what other people go through with the short seasons. We are going to start another show um 26 um in Chicago. Oh, absolutely. Wow. Working with SUNTX and uh using their marina there. So, we'll be doing a a boat show uh the Windy City boat show. Well, you heard it first here. That's interesting. And when will that be? Next summer. Oh, in the summer. Okay, good. Next June. What about um Monaco? I know for a while there was talk about the dates being closed and um you know ships uh leaving do you know boats that are leaving on dock express the ships were leaving and there wasn't I feel like that's kind of gone away is that that's an issue that there's enough space in between I think there's enough between you know we have boats that travel um travel from the show over um I agree I mean some of the doc you know if they're going doc express but there's a lot of them they're coming on their own bottom coming over from that show So, which also just goes to attest to the boats changing, getting bigger and and so on and so forth. And some of the exhibitors got, you know, an exhibit in both places. So, um it's it's tight, but it's not impossible. Okay. Well, I also know and I I do want to touch base just so people understand the economic impacts of the Fort Lauderdale International Boat Show. So, we have,200 businesses that exhibit. We have 1,200 exhibitors. We have about 100,000 people that attend the show. Correct. every year. Every year. And the net cost to the city of Fort Lauderdale is not very zero. Yeah. Okay. And and because the show covers the police, the garbage, we we pay our way. Yeah. That's right. So, but but again, and and not to jump on a bandwagon, but I know I've always heard people say, I just don't think they understand that we get the Super Bowl every year. We have an event that's put on every year in the city of Fort Lauderdale. Nobody has to to vive for it. People are I'm sure there are other people that would love to have the Fort Lauderdale boat show in their city or their area and the show takes care of all of it and the city benefits from that greater than the economic impact of the Super Bowl every year. Yeah, I think you know the show is you 1.8 or it's you know it's around 1.8 billion every year. So I mean that's obviously a huge economic benefit and it touches so many businesses. It really does. I know even for us it's um it's it's a month-long show. It's a couple weeks before the show, whether it's preparing the boats, people that come into town and then it's all the transactions after, you know, boats that were sold, boats that need surveys, boats that are heading to the Caribbean fairly quickly and they need some work. And so I know for us it's it's it's a good monthl long. So no, I I I don't think people think about all the other businesses outside the main industry. You know, obviously the hotels, the restaurants are jammed. You know, all of the florists are jammed all over the city. You know, there's so many delivery service, the delivery services, laundry, catering. So, there's dozens of businesses that are that benefit from the show. And thanks to you, the show stays where it is. You've been a part of it since 1982. All of the challenges. We thank you for being our leader and helping us keep the show here and all that you do for Informa. Thank you for being here on the Wardsway podcast. Thank you for joining us this season on season 3 of the Wardsway podcast. Be sure you subscribe because there's much more to come.

  Top Comments:
  1. @etemsevik [1 likes]: Rakipsiz Gazetesi: Güzel günler, iyi yayınlar diliyoruz.

- The Biggest Boat Show In The World - These are the men and women who build it.: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] mr. Johnson no I did not come on Gilbert is like 12 guys Lee but the only paying for one rich she's one of the top guys he's more than all right thank you kidding we gotta have Vlad telling you Freight area so everything comes in right now everything is say hi too late you know Dean right I think you you guys cross craft and this is Randy and Jason these are our pet electrician one of our forklift guys in the electrical department Jackie is Stefanie David and we're back after six weeks nation-building it felt like we built a city you built it we built it we built a cities we have the Convention Services Group okay which is the guys that do the carpet the tables the chairs the freight move in the plate move up okay that's that's the heart then you've got tipper and his room and that clipper unit John admit the doctor the guys that come in that set up all the floating docks and killed Elena okay and you've met the guys from the electrical once everything is set the electrician's come in and they wire the show so they wired in the water then you've got the template we met Paul in history they come in and they build the tanks and they make everything work in a tent so it all gels together you saw the mix of how the show is built and palpable Legos all fit together and on Wednesday morning at 12 o'clock noon when we opened it up it was beautiful all right we'll work around it you and BC and then Jeff comes in right ya know I realized that I think you guys are okay up there but on this side I'll have Jeff myself Gilbert will have the crew here and we'll put a security guard out there Roger that thank you Frank I think I was gonna have a tear

- Fort Lauderdale Enjoying The Big Business Brought In By International Boat Show: Kind: captions Language: en REHABILITATION TO THE DISTRICT. WE REACHED OUT TO THE OTHER REPUBLICAN CANDIDATE FOR THE SEAT, HE HAS NOT GOTTEN BACK TO US. >>> FORT LAUDERDALE INTERNATIONAL BOAT SHOWS SET TO FAIL FOR ANOTHER YEAR. WITH A JUMP IN PEOPLE WANTING TO ENJOY THE OUTDOOR SAFELY. EVERYONE THERE YESTERDAY WAS >> Reporter: BRAND-NEW BOATS, GADGETS AND GEAR OF ALL KINDS. FOR THE 62nd YEAR THE ANNUAL INTERNATIONAL BOAT SHOW IS BACK. >> IT GIVES US THE OPPORTUNITY TO INTERACT WITH OUR CUSTOMERS AND HOPEFULLY ATTENTION TO CUSTOMERS THAT FEEL RELAXED AND ABLE TO COME TO A PUBLIC EVENT. >> Reporter: THE CEO OF NAUTICAL VENTURES SAYS THE PANDEMIC GAVE THE MARINE INDUSTRY AN UNEXPECTED BOOST THIS LAST YEAR AND HAVE. >> THROUGHOUT THE PANDEMIC PEOPLE HAVE LOOKED TO WATER SPORTS AND BOATS AS THEIR OPPORTUNITY TO HAVE FUN AND BE AWAY FROM CROWDS. QUITE SURPRISINGLY, WE'VE HAD EXTREMELY GOOD BUSINESS. >> Reporter: THE BOAT SHOW HELPS. ORGANIZERS SAY IT HAS STATEWIDE ECONOMIC IMPACT OF $1.3 BILLION. >> I HEARD GREAT THINGS ABOUT IT. I FIGURED I WOULD COME DOWN AND SEE WHAT IT WAS ABOUT. >> Reporter: ORGANIZERS SAY DEMAND IS AT AN ALL-TIME HIGH. ACCORDING TO THE NATIONAL MARINE MANUFACTURERS ASSOCIATION WITH A 310,000 NEW PARABLES WERE SOLD LAST YEAR, FIGURES NOT SEEN SINCE BEFORE THE RECESSION IN 2008. >> A LOT OF PEOPLE ARE COMING OUT WITH STUFF WE HAVEN'T SEEN BEFORE. PROVIDED BOTH THE MOST SEASONED SAILORS AND NEWCOMERS WITH A

- The Story Behind Miami Beach Yacht Club - The Miami Beach Yacht Club: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] so the May Beach Yacht Club started because I was trying to solve a solution on how to go yachting on beautiful yachts but not have to pay I had a yacht and it was costing me a fortune and thank God I was able to keep it behind my house but most people have to pay slips they need to pay captain and crew Fuel and it can get quite expensive after meeting with gats with Brian him and I came up with an idea that what if we purchased the yacht and then sold memberships so that people not only could enjoy beautiful yachts and not have to worry about the charters that are out there for 4 hours and so on and are they available not available and we figured that if we can do something exclusive with all the service we felt that it would be a good alternative so for approximately $4,000 a month which is less than the cost of a slip forget about the insurance and the crew you could actually go on a 65 ft yacht and less and up to $10,000 you can enjoy a beautiful yacht like this 100t Sunseeker this is not even the cost of the slip or the insurance to be able to go out on a beautiful yacht like this we also understood that if people people really love boating and what in their own ghost Yachts is a broker and has the ability to sell them the Yachts if they wanted that but the yacht club the response that we've had in the last 30 days has been so overwhelming that we feel that this is going to be a more exclusive Club than we could ever imagine we think that the events that we're going to create the networking aspect the white glove service the memories that you're going to be able to create with your family is going to be something Unforgettable so this Yacht Club is made for people that love yachting don't have the time to maintain a boat or have all the issues and the problems of dealing with owning a yacht this is a simple solution to having a beautiful Yacht for a fraction of the price and there's only 120 members we wanted to keep it exclusive so that our members could have access to the Yachts anytime they want and not only that we want all our members to be able to network together and enjoy themselves we think that the club at MBC is going to be a great success and we would love you to join but you have to join now because again there's only 120 members that will have the privilege of being a member of the Miami Beach young Club join us at nbc. myami

- Selling a $130M Superyacht - Mega Yachts - 0 EP0 - Reality Documentary: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Monaco playground of the global Elite and&nbsp; a favorite of British billionaires where to belong&nbsp;&nbsp; you must have the Mansions the jewelry and the&nbsp; cars but there's a secret world which only the&nbsp;&nbsp; wealthiest of the one percent inhabit the world of&nbsp; the mega yacht today's Yachts are the manor houses&nbsp;&nbsp; of Europe measuring up to 200 meters in length&nbsp; and with more horsepower than 10 Formula One cars&nbsp;&nbsp; ultimate Billionaire's toys everything&nbsp; you see is Bulletproof on this boat&nbsp;&nbsp; but who are the owners you have to ask what&nbsp; it costs you probably can't afford it why do&nbsp;&nbsp; they buy these boats it's all about six or seven&nbsp; stars first class or no class who looks after them&nbsp;&nbsp; boy he's just been sacked hopefully everything&nbsp; has absolute protection and to what lens will&nbsp;&nbsp; owners go to outshine each other nobody really&nbsp; needs a submarine honey yacht this is James&nbsp;&nbsp; bronstad here who have to get one immediately&nbsp; with super Yachts at the heart of a growing&nbsp;&nbsp; industry worth 24 billion pounds a year the&nbsp; showing off culminates at the Monaco yacht&nbsp;&nbsp; show these boats are getting bigger and bigger&nbsp; and bigger the ultimate competition where size will bigger really be better&nbsp; suppose the question is why&nbsp;&nbsp; I suppose the flipping answer&nbsp; is because I can [Music] Monaco boasts more billionaires per&nbsp; square meter than anywhere on the planet&nbsp;&nbsp; and many of them are British excitement is&nbsp; growing as 120 of the world's most expensive&nbsp;&nbsp; Yachts are beginning to Cruise in [Music] all of&nbsp; them for sale at the upcoming yacht show it's a&nbsp;&nbsp; chance for boating royalty to parade their prized&nbsp; possessions Mega Yachts ranging in length from 40.&nbsp;&nbsp; 55 meters one of the tycoons will be going to the&nbsp; show is Doug Barrowman [Music] he mainly lives on&nbsp;&nbsp; the Isle of Man I've got five forms around&nbsp; the world and this is settler the biggest from Glasgow really you know there&nbsp; you go [Music] Doug was a chartered&nbsp;&nbsp; accountant but he's built an Empire after&nbsp; setting up his own private Equity company&nbsp;&nbsp; and with millions in the bank Doug who separated&nbsp; has created the ultimate in Bachelor pads in his&nbsp;&nbsp; main home I think all guys are children&nbsp; at heart really uh we still like to enjoy&nbsp;&nbsp; life and do the things we did as younger men&nbsp; you know whether it's play pool whether it's&nbsp;&nbsp; hang out with your friends playing cards or&nbsp; just have a good night out really um I think&nbsp;&nbsp; it's all part of the package isn't it Doug Loves&nbsp; Fine Art fast cars and the better things in life&nbsp;&nbsp; but his greatest love is his 55 meter&nbsp; yacht which cost him over 20 million pounds&nbsp;&nbsp; that boat is turquoise complete replica&nbsp; of what the what the real the real yacht&nbsp;&nbsp; looks like I always like to smile when I go on&nbsp; board and stop smiling only when I leave [Music]&nbsp;&nbsp; Doug holidays on his yacht turquoise&nbsp; nine weeks of the year with his family&nbsp;&nbsp; yes yes looking good isn't it like most of the&nbsp; Yachts turquoise's Hull is made of steel with an&nbsp;&nbsp; aluminum superstructure it can reach a top speed&nbsp; of 17 miles per hour you've actually got to just&nbsp;&nbsp; sometimes pinch yourself to see uh do I really&nbsp; honestly he employs 13 full-time crew 52 weeks&nbsp;&nbsp; a year to provide him and his guests Around&nbsp; the Clock Seven Star service I never say no&nbsp;&nbsp; to that turquoise glasses as well all the best&nbsp; you have to spend on something there's a limit&nbsp;&nbsp; to how many houses you can have any private air&nbsp; travel so therefore a lot of people come to the&nbsp;&nbsp; conclusion I'm going to have one of these&nbsp; he bought turquoise second hand and spent&nbsp;&nbsp; over 3 million pounds completely refurbishing&nbsp; the four decks and 10 rooms to his own design&nbsp;&nbsp; I think I'd have to say that everything&nbsp; you look at is expensive on the job Doug's also added powerful jet skis underwater&nbsp; scooters accessories can cost up to a million&nbsp;&nbsp; pounds extra but he's still not satisfied [Music]&nbsp; now he's thinking about building a bigger boat&nbsp;&nbsp; British designer Johnny horsefield is experienced&nbsp; in helping multi-millionaires like Doug spend&nbsp;&nbsp; their money wisely there's not much missing off&nbsp; this boat really I mean okay a dedicated gym&nbsp;&nbsp; and a beach club I think is probably and I know&nbsp; Johnny and I have got to know what each other like&nbsp;&nbsp; uh what I like through uh endless hours together&nbsp; really talking about this boat designing this boat&nbsp;&nbsp; I think we've got another boat in us&nbsp; really it could cost Doug 50 million pounds&nbsp;&nbsp; back in London Johnny's working on several&nbsp; projects where his clients want bigger boats&nbsp;&nbsp; talking about adding another meter into the thing&nbsp; it started out at something like 85 feet it's&nbsp;&nbsp; now 105 feet so um it's easy to say let's just&nbsp; increase it but actually it's a heck of a lot&nbsp;&nbsp; of work for us if they know they're gonna have&nbsp; to pay for it that kind of focuses their minds&nbsp;&nbsp; a bit and the other thing is of course they keep&nbsp; seeing new ideas you've done all this work and you&nbsp;&nbsp; know they come back oh actually I quite like this&nbsp; now and listen so that's cool staying in the best&nbsp;&nbsp; all the time her friends Yachts all the&nbsp; time so it's kind of quite competitive I&nbsp;&nbsp; think as well most owners trade in their super&nbsp; Yachts for something new after just three years&nbsp;&nbsp; one person who's also looking for something&nbsp; bigger and better is London property magnate&nbsp;&nbsp; Howard Raymond Soho is coming to&nbsp; Monaco I am it's not quite Soho to me&nbsp;&nbsp; Howard inherited an 80 million pound property&nbsp; Empire from his entrepreneur Father Paul Raymond&nbsp;&nbsp; and now he's worth substantially more he runs&nbsp; several large companies from his London base&nbsp;&nbsp; he's in Monaco because his ambition is&nbsp; to take a year out from business and say&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm kind of in the market for a slightly&nbsp; bigger boat this one's uh 30 meters and&nbsp;&nbsp; it's great for the med but it's not much&nbsp; good to go transatlantic or into the&nbsp;&nbsp; Indian Ocean where you need a different&nbsp; type of boat for that go hit that boat&nbsp;&nbsp; but this Londoner could be a fish out of water&nbsp; at the Monaco yacht show I kind of like Russell&nbsp;&nbsp; radio you know it's like Marseille and Soho&nbsp; and things like that so this is quite refined&nbsp;&nbsp; here extremely ostentatious very over the top but&nbsp; it's very much like going to Vegas you have to go&nbsp;&nbsp; to Vegas to see it to believe it and you have to&nbsp; go to the Monaco yacht show to for a very similar&nbsp;&nbsp; reason you have to be a little bit loopy to buy&nbsp; a boat but we make our choice in life some people&nbsp;&nbsp; buy wine some people buy good food some people&nbsp; buy cars um I quite like both so I buy boats&nbsp;&nbsp; to pursue his dreams Howard will have a&nbsp; choice of plenty of boats at the Yacht show&nbsp;&nbsp; where there'll be over 120 yachts and&nbsp; state-of-the-art accessories on sale Reuben&nbsp;&nbsp; Nelson is an ex-british naval officer turned sales&nbsp; broker fairy Barn is now arriving into Monaco&nbsp;&nbsp; he just has to persuade wealthy people like Howard&nbsp; to spend their Millions on buying a yacht spending&nbsp;&nbsp; power is huge obviously there's no sort of Holds&nbsp; Barred they're not going to go down to the littles&nbsp;&nbsp; or the waitrosees of this world they're going to&nbsp; go to the nice suppliers it's all about six seven&nbsp;&nbsp; stars first class or no class everyone gets&nbsp; a piece of that by yeah I mean that's that's&nbsp;&nbsp; our pie that's what we eat as a broker Rupert can&nbsp; make up to five percent commission on sales over&nbsp;&nbsp; 100 million pounds there is a misconception that&nbsp; selling big luxury toys has got to be a breeze you&nbsp;&nbsp; go to parties you chat up all the models the fact&nbsp; is owners are difficult they are rich they expect&nbsp;&nbsp; to get their own way and they want to win so when&nbsp; the owner gets upset or the buyer starts saying&nbsp;&nbsp; you're taking the Michael here you are a shock&nbsp; absorber where the two of them would swing at each&nbsp;&nbsp; other you there take the swinging you get the hit&nbsp; and at the very very end when the money's about to&nbsp;&nbsp; change hand the emotion levels are very high it's&nbsp; not a safe place to be sometimes so you've got to&nbsp;&nbsp; be very careful Rupert spends the year traveling&nbsp; the globe to seal his deals The Monaco show brings&nbsp;&nbsp; the market to him this is the biggest boat show&nbsp; probably ever staged in terms of the combined&nbsp;&nbsp; value of the assets I suspect you're probably&nbsp; Way Way north of a couple of billion euros&nbsp;&nbsp; and out of all the Yachts for sale this year&nbsp; thanks TiVo thank you Rupert has the biggest&nbsp;&nbsp; that's the money shot I showed you the size&nbsp;&nbsp; measuring 85 meters with a cruising range of 6&nbsp; 000 miles and costing 130 million pounds Solange&nbsp;&nbsp; is the most expensive boat at the upcoming show&nbsp; ideally the best client is a billionaire obviously&nbsp;&nbsp; because it's 175 million euros because he was&nbsp; an older guy that could be a plus because he's&nbsp;&nbsp; ready to retire Chuck it all in tell the company&nbsp; buy the op and youth might be good too because it&nbsp;&nbsp; means he's got somebody who's impatient a little&nbsp; bit spontaneous you might say yeah I'll have it&nbsp;&nbsp; back on super yacht turquoise Scottish&nbsp; multi-millionaire Doug Barrowman is contemplating&nbsp;&nbsp; costs in particular the cost of running a yacht&nbsp; on the high seas a fifteen thousand pound work of&nbsp;&nbsp; art has hit the deck there's an example of some&nbsp; damage that we've had today that's probably a 20&nbsp;&nbsp; 000 Euro sculpture it's really disappointing that&nbsp; but it happens you know we'll deal with it we'll&nbsp;&nbsp; replace it and there's a bigger expense on the&nbsp; horizon he's planning on selling turquoise in&nbsp;&nbsp; order to spend 50 million pounds on a massive&nbsp; 67 meter mega yacht the advice we're taking&nbsp;&nbsp; is that it's a good time to seller so that we&nbsp; can invest the money in perhaps a larger vessel&nbsp;&nbsp; perhaps we will sell her perhaps we won't we&nbsp; just need to see to realize his dream Doug is&nbsp;&nbsp; taking turquoise to the Monaco yacho to try and&nbsp; sell her in competition in hundreds other owners it's the countdown to Monaco's annual yacho the&nbsp; world's wealthiest people many Brits among them&nbsp;&nbsp; will be amassing to buy sell and show off their&nbsp; multi-million pound Mega yachts they'll expect&nbsp;&nbsp; their prize toys to look as good as new cleaning&nbsp; up after billionaires can have its Rewards&nbsp;&nbsp; crew can earn over 40 000 pounds tax-free a year&nbsp; as much as nine thousand pounds in a single tip&nbsp;&nbsp; just outside of Monaco is a boot camp for wannabe&nbsp; yacht crew lean in played in line with the table&nbsp;&nbsp; hair trainees have to impress their tutor Terry&nbsp; Gilmore right who teaches me to do Silver Service&nbsp;&nbsp; we teach them how to do Russian service Butler&nbsp; Service we teach them to do bedrooms bathrooms&nbsp;&nbsp; back of house which includes even holding a tea&nbsp; towel Terry started out as a laborer in Dorset but&nbsp;&nbsp; gave it up for a more lucrative career he's spent&nbsp; 30 years on super Yachts serving the world's most&nbsp;&nbsp; demanding clients I'd like you to serve please&nbsp; and this is somebody coming in to do the course&nbsp;&nbsp; for the first time they've never done silver&nbsp; surface and he wants to work online for the&nbsp;&nbsp; ultimate is that you have to be able to do Silver&nbsp; Service as you can see he's just got his board on&nbsp;&nbsp; average we have 30 40 applicants a day looking for&nbsp; work and out of those 30 to 40 applicants we may&nbsp;&nbsp; have two or three that we think are suitable for&nbsp; Yachts it is an attractive industry which attracts&nbsp;&nbsp; Attractive people it's as simple as that and&nbsp; that's what's required the extra is that they're&nbsp;&nbsp; pretty good instead of pretty awful he doesn't&nbsp; know what he's doing and boy he's just been sacked&nbsp;&nbsp; as well as training them Terry also provides clues&nbsp; for super yacht owners let's say you had six Miss&nbsp;&nbsp; worlds on your boat and the owner's wife wasn't as&nbsp; attractive as the others of course she's going to&nbsp;&nbsp; get upset it's Human Nature is it all so you just&nbsp; make sure that you've got one Miss World and five&nbsp;&nbsp; others not so attractive now the wife is opposite&nbsp; and so if he's got two hands she's got two hands&nbsp;&nbsp; under the table and her husband's got a smile&nbsp; that does not work so basically it really is a&nbsp;&nbsp; turn in down and across there's a lot of clearing&nbsp; the table there is an art of speaking at the table&nbsp;&nbsp; to the guests there's certain words you don't say&nbsp; the worst one is awesome what I mean who says what&nbsp;&nbsp; you say pardon I did have the sex on them&nbsp; once for saying potatoes at the table it&nbsp;&nbsp; was to do with raw circles and you do not speak&nbsp; at the table and this girl said potato sir quite&nbsp;&nbsp; simply if you're not what the only requires or&nbsp; the capturing Crush you're off on super yacht&nbsp;&nbsp; seaflower the crew are all well aware of the&nbsp; rules of the job they are busy preparing for&nbsp;&nbsp; the arrival of their thrill-seeking Scottish owner&nbsp; Lord Irvin Laidlaw he made Millions from creating&nbsp;&nbsp; one of the world's largest conference organizing&nbsp; businesses his company set up the Monaco yacht&nbsp;&nbsp; 72 he spends over nine weeks of the year on his&nbsp; boat with room for 10 guests first of all you've&nbsp;&nbsp; got to know that I'm officially retired so life&nbsp; is meant to be holiday all the time is its primary&nbsp;&nbsp; purpose is to be a boat that is enjoyable to be&nbsp; on board a boat that is beautiful to look at both&nbsp;&nbsp; inside and out see flowers should be Immaculate if&nbsp; it doesn't fulfill that then the crew get changed&nbsp;&nbsp; Lindsay from Glasgow is one of Lord laidlaw's&nbsp; eight full-time crew earning nearly 30 000 a&nbsp;&nbsp; year is a stewardess it's an all-consuming&nbsp; job making beds daily chore we always want&nbsp;&nbsp; it to look like it's never been slept in before&nbsp; it's what people come to expect on a super yacht&nbsp;&nbsp; head Stuart s Kaylee who comes from Bournemouth&nbsp; earns nearly 40 000 a year she's responsible for&nbsp;&nbsp; the upkeep of every little item you have to have&nbsp; an overwhelming attention to detail and basically&nbsp;&nbsp; everything has to be absolute perfection our role&nbsp; is to worry about it and then worry about it some&nbsp;&nbsp; more in overall command of Lord laidlaw's boat&nbsp; is Captain Matt [Music] don't really appear to be&nbsp;&nbsp; moving forward at the moment when you're trying to&nbsp; manage a floating stately home any small accident&nbsp;&nbsp; can AST these particular owners have three&nbsp; dogs Standard Poodles so rather large dogs&nbsp;&nbsp; which are delightful but dogs bring the whole&nbsp; range of extra issues that one has to deal with&nbsp;&nbsp; if you need to what was that that was a dog&nbsp; accident which we're not going to be able&nbsp;&nbsp; to remove so we're going to probably&nbsp; have to put a cut in the carpet here extravagant thanks to her and you can't justify&nbsp; them in any way whatsoever so you have to love&nbsp;&nbsp; them because if you don't love them you're&nbsp; certainly going to resent the expense [Music]&nbsp;&nbsp; for the man who has everything a&nbsp; super yacht can become an obsession&nbsp;&nbsp; back in the Isle of Man multi-millionaire Doug&nbsp; Barrowman is pushing ahead with his dream to&nbsp;&nbsp; build a 67 meter mega yacht to replace&nbsp; his 55-meter one I just basically have&nbsp;&nbsp; a passion to build something bigger really&nbsp; as a as an achievement for me me personally&nbsp;&nbsp; Johnny horsefield has drawn up some plans for&nbsp; a project that could cost 50 million pounds&nbsp;&nbsp; with so much at stake expectations are high oh I&nbsp; just lifted the uh the feet off the shoe of the&nbsp;&nbsp; it was back on Johnny otherwise all of the&nbsp; carpet Lots on my handmade silk carpets&nbsp;&nbsp; this is actually 67 meters and that was the&nbsp; profile that you you were pretty keen on and&nbsp;&nbsp; the beach club works because that's where&nbsp; people are going to spend most of the day&nbsp;&nbsp; chilled out down there I think the larger pool is&nbsp; important because these days quasi swimming pools&nbsp;&nbsp; are uninvoked but if you're going to build a board&nbsp; of this size it has to have all these ingredients&nbsp;&nbsp; dog expects all the mod cons on his new&nbsp; boat and we talked about the design stage&nbsp;&nbsp; you were going to build a touch and go helipad&nbsp; have you Incorporated uh I haven't actually&nbsp;&nbsp; um he's found something I haven't done you could&nbsp; see it's more of a gimmick than a practical uh&nbsp;&nbsp; usable thing but it's one of those boxes that are&nbsp; you're of this size could could have yeah I mean&nbsp;&nbsp; it's possible we can put it on whether whether&nbsp; it really get used that's a nice problem to have&nbsp;&nbsp; it was good to see you thank you very&nbsp; much for your time oh it was nice&nbsp;&nbsp; of you to sell cocktails and dreams&nbsp; all the best for now Johnny yes bye&nbsp;&nbsp; it's back to the drawing board for Johnny he's&nbsp; designed over 20 Mega yachts and is well aware&nbsp;&nbsp; that despite the owner's aspirations bigger isn't&nbsp; always better you get limited on where you can go&nbsp;&nbsp; you know you can't get into every Marina in a 80&nbsp; meter if you like the limit in Santa pares from&nbsp;&nbsp; like 50 meters so um you think oh guys only got a&nbsp; 50 meter but he's the one sat in Santa Fe having a&nbsp;&nbsp; party whereas you're out bobbing around you know&nbsp; in your 80 meter um you know with no friends but&nbsp;&nbsp; for some owners bigger is better Kismet 2 was&nbsp; one of the biggest boats exhibited at the Monaco&nbsp;&nbsp; yacht showed last year and is owned by American&nbsp; billionaire Shard Khan if you have to ask what it&nbsp;&nbsp; costs you probably can't afford it so he arrived&nbsp; in Chicago from Pakistan in 1967 as a penniless&nbsp;&nbsp; 16 year old took an engineering degree and started&nbsp; up a company making car bumpers Khan's bumpers are&nbsp;&nbsp; now attached to two-thirds of All American cars&nbsp; in a very small way this is a microcosm of the&nbsp;&nbsp; American dream his net worth is estimated&nbsp; at almost three and a half billion pounds&nbsp;&nbsp; he owns Fulham Football Club and the Jacksonville&nbsp; Jaguars American football team but his biggest&nbsp;&nbsp; challenge was building the 95 meter Kismet&nbsp; II with a gross tonnage weighing the same as&nbsp;&nbsp; 66 blue whales a lot of times size becomes&nbsp; a factor Shard had a vision for five decks&nbsp;&nbsp; eight State rooms a personal Wellness Center and&nbsp; a helipad and he also had a clear idea of the&nbsp;&nbsp; color scheme for lack of a better word I would say&nbsp; champagne and caviar that it's light and dark you&nbsp;&nbsp; know it took really not only a village took a city&nbsp; to build it and I'm very proud to be part of it&nbsp;&nbsp; Pascal Raymond and Brit Jason mcary&nbsp; were responsible for the Interiors&nbsp;&nbsp; they haven't seen Kismet too&nbsp; since it was fully completed&nbsp;&nbsp; now is this really good that you have in&nbsp; when you used to cross the Atlantic so&nbsp;&nbsp; it's a touch of Glam and elegance if you look at&nbsp; the staircase every lady was a beautiful evening&nbsp;&nbsp; dress would like to go down the staircase&nbsp; switch you on the group and have a drink&nbsp;&nbsp; we bring a dream they're here to inspect an&nbsp; elaborate chandelier fitted after the yacht&nbsp;&nbsp; was launched we had a space between the glass lift&nbsp; there's a nice way to bring some color some light&nbsp;&nbsp; the chandelier contains hundreds of individually&nbsp; hand-blown glass pieces this is extremely&nbsp;&nbsp; intricate but is extremely heavy so I think it's&nbsp; around 270 kilos on a boat you have to take out&nbsp;&nbsp; all the vibration so it's well supported&nbsp; because it's obviously extremely dangerous that's followed even even more list of rooms&nbsp; I love it because we're talking about dark&nbsp;&nbsp; and light is what you're having and it's a dark&nbsp; room with a sort of slight sauce in the center&nbsp;&nbsp; the walls are curved and it's really influenced&nbsp; by pushing out with Interiors like this costing&nbsp;&nbsp; over 20 million pounds everything has to have&nbsp; a wow factor when you design something you have&nbsp;&nbsp; to have a cast in mind but at the same time you&nbsp; can't just think of money because if you see the&nbsp;&nbsp; money we stop thinking of ideas I can't remember&nbsp; how many TVs we have in this shop yeah foreign [Music] of the world's Mega Yachts are built in Europe&nbsp; where the Brits are a vital part of the industry&nbsp;&nbsp; Tim Hayward and Andrew winch are the Godfathers&nbsp; of yacht design here we go wow they've created&nbsp;&nbsp; floating Empires to suit the demands of Roman&nbsp; Abramovich and the Saudi royal family today's&nbsp;&nbsp; Yachts are the the manor houses and great houses&nbsp; of of Europe they're in a gigantic Dutch Shipyard&nbsp;&nbsp; the birthplace of many of the boats at the Monaco&nbsp; yacho to check on their latest 85 meter creation&nbsp;&nbsp; the shipyards themselves are Cathedral&nbsp; spaces they're huge and but they're&nbsp;&nbsp; working machines to build these&nbsp; Yachts the whole boat is a mass&nbsp;&nbsp; of millions of details you think of the&nbsp; engineering thought that went into that&nbsp;&nbsp; they're now using Technologies developed in&nbsp; other Industries these days you get BMWs and&nbsp;&nbsp; other cars with parking facilities where you get&nbsp; to the space you press the button and it Parts&nbsp;&nbsp; itself there are Yachts that do the same thing&nbsp; super yacht owners constantly need designers to&nbsp;&nbsp; provide something out of the ordinary to impress&nbsp; their guests we're lying in bed and we have a&nbsp;&nbsp; panel interview 180 degrees what's unique to this&nbsp; boat is we have a full beam Spa on the lower level&nbsp;&nbsp; with its own water beach the left hand side is a&nbsp; big door that Tim has built into the side in his&nbsp;&nbsp; design and we have we we go up some steps so you&nbsp; can walk out you can have a swim in the sea and&nbsp;&nbsp; so we are all in the business of entertaining&nbsp; as well as pampering the owners they have to&nbsp;&nbsp; protect them Mega Yachts these days are often&nbsp; equipped with panic rooms and one or two even&nbsp;&nbsp; have a missile defense system first project&nbsp; I did with bulletproof glass was last century&nbsp;&nbsp; and the irony there was that the glass was&nbsp; Bulletproof but the superstructure was aluminum so&nbsp;&nbsp; if the client felt threatened he had to jump up on&nbsp; the windowsill and press himself against the glass&nbsp;&nbsp; there is no such thing as a normal&nbsp; Yacht for me glass bottom viewing&nbsp;&nbsp; rooms full operating theaters hospitals&nbsp; all of these things are outrageous for a&nbsp;&nbsp; few moments and then they become an obvious&nbsp; sensible requirement from the client [Music] sensible is not on the agenda 55 meter Mega Yachts&nbsp; alarmed is arriving a day ahead of the yacho&nbsp;&nbsp; she's the showpiece of the event and&nbsp; the pressures on broker Rupert Nelson&nbsp;&nbsp; to sell her for 130 million pounds&nbsp; they could by 760 Ferraris instead the Beast look at that&nbsp;&nbsp; largest shot in the show largest yacht ever for&nbsp; sale in this show four days I've got to try and&nbsp;&nbsp; Vlog it yeah that's my job obviously we're not&nbsp; lining up millions of appointments because the&nbsp;&nbsp; type of caliber of plant we're looking for&nbsp; is is one in a hundred even though there's 37&nbsp;&nbsp; 000 people on the dock we have to filter the week&nbsp; from the chaff keep the Riff Raff away Rupert's&nbsp;&nbsp; chances of selling Solange will be limited to&nbsp; the very highest echelons of super yacht Society Monaco yacho is about to open for business&nbsp;&nbsp; one time of the year that over 2 billion&nbsp; pounds worth of super Yachts will be on&nbsp;&nbsp; show for prospective buyers to inspect a&nbsp; mooring alone costs fifty thousand pounds&nbsp;&nbsp; his Royal Highness of Monaco Prince Albert II's&nbsp; arrival signals the start of the four-day event hundreds of British businesses are also here&nbsp;&nbsp; hoping to persuade billionaires to buy into&nbsp; the yachting dream this is our very latest&nbsp;&nbsp; creation that is made in in England it's&nbsp; English fine bone china Cobra skin and it's&nbsp;&nbsp; not only available in white gold we've got the&nbsp; very latest rose gold a dinner service such as&nbsp;&nbsp; that you know for you know for a 14 16 seater&nbsp; dining table would be in excess of six figures this year there are 120 yards up for&nbsp; sale with their own unique features&nbsp;&nbsp; but all competing for that elusive fire&nbsp;&nbsp; multi-millionaire Doug Barrowman is looking to&nbsp; find someone who'll love his yacht turquoise&nbsp;&nbsp; as much as him selling it for 20 million&nbsp; pounds will allow him to build a bigger boat&nbsp;&nbsp; it's one of those things we ask the people to&nbsp; to judge the yacht on our merits and somebody&nbsp;&nbsp; wants to buy and pay the right money&nbsp; then I'm a reluctant but willing seller&nbsp;&nbsp; broken Rupert is hoping to make the biggest&nbsp; sale of all measuring 85 meters and costing&nbsp;&nbsp; 130 million pounds Solange is the biggest&nbsp; and most expensive yacht at the show [Music]&nbsp;&nbsp; a former Navy Lieutenant Rupert's now spent 25&nbsp; years as a broker finessing the etiquette required&nbsp;&nbsp; to sell to the world's wealthiest they have an&nbsp; expectation when they walk into a hotel room it&nbsp;&nbsp; is it is they want that service everyone click&nbsp; their fingers hopefully but the smarts so we say&nbsp;&nbsp; provider not servant the provider of that service&nbsp; bitter yachty broker myself Captain Crew knows and&nbsp;&nbsp; expects what they want and therefore anticipates&nbsp; and that's why they never have to click their&nbsp;&nbsp; fingers foreign British entrepreneur Howard&nbsp; Raymond is also in the market for a deal [Music]&nbsp;&nbsp; looking for adventure and he's willing to spend&nbsp; up to 15 million pounds of his substantial Fortune what you never play your hat so you know&nbsp; so oh I must have it immediately but it&nbsp;&nbsp; seems that every time I see a boat I quite&nbsp; like everybody his mother wants it so it's&nbsp;&nbsp; been on the market for four years and&nbsp; now everybody everybody wants a boat&nbsp;&nbsp; he could be in luck today as rookie broker&nbsp; Henry Smith is looking to make a quick sale&nbsp;&nbsp; on an 8 million pound yacht [Music] but is this&nbsp; the boat of Howard's dreams hey Henry morning it represents a very very good deal and&nbsp; as we know everyone's loves a good deal&nbsp;&nbsp; so we'll see what we can do at eight&nbsp; million pounds It's relatively cheap&nbsp;&nbsp; certainly one of the best but Howard still&nbsp; expects the best in design and accessories&nbsp;&nbsp; there's a full rubber shower which goes rigid&nbsp; when you put water through it all right okay I must buy it immediately and then&nbsp; there's the question of the previous&nbsp;&nbsp; owner's taste this is the master coming&nbsp; forward and then here is the bathroom&nbsp;&nbsp; yeah typical Italians having a really funky&nbsp; bathroom you can almost certainly tell when you&nbsp;&nbsp; walk into an Italian bathroom always because they&nbsp; always have annoyingly shaped sink I it doesn't&nbsp;&nbsp; it's not round I mean it's very very difficult&nbsp; to clean and not your friend if you're trying&nbsp;&nbsp; to use a cloth that's for sure but at the end&nbsp; of the day how it's not cleaning the bathroom whilst that is very true&nbsp;&nbsp; um how is a person who's cleaning the bathroom&nbsp; might also be wanting to be serving how to drink&nbsp;&nbsp; I mean a lot of the new bows now after designers&nbsp; have never been to Sea who designing what they&nbsp;&nbsp; think a boat should be with lots of sharp edges&nbsp; so that when you bang your head or your legs&nbsp;&nbsp; when you're at Sea it really hurts a lot of our&nbsp; statements and I'm not looking for a statement I'm&nbsp;&nbsp; looking for a boat that is comfortable it's&nbsp; homeless and takes all of my boxes [Music] the search continues yeah getting&nbsp; the yacht you really want means&nbsp;&nbsp; paying tens of millions of pounds&nbsp; and building from scratch [Music]&nbsp;&nbsp; Pascal Raymond and her design partner Andrew&nbsp; Langton are at their Riviera Beach House cross&nbsp;&nbsp; between James Bond and 15 guns they have a crucial&nbsp; meeting at the boat show with American billionaire&nbsp;&nbsp; Herb Chambers he left the Navy to work as a&nbsp; photocopier repairman and the Cadillac dealership&nbsp;&nbsp; after being disappointed with the service the&nbsp; 72 year old car dealer is now believed to be&nbsp;&nbsp; worth 1.2 billion pounds he's had seven yachts and&nbsp; wants to see designs for an eight he wants it to&nbsp;&nbsp; look elegant for the fast we're on to something&nbsp; which is getting him excited and wetting his&nbsp;&nbsp; appetite herb spent over 300 million dollars&nbsp; on yachts and expects the best for his buck&nbsp;&nbsp; her clients who can remember every word every&nbsp; conversation you've ever had with them they&nbsp;&nbsp; are incredibly intelligent people so they&nbsp; keep you on your toes you know so you yeah&nbsp;&nbsp; yeah you can't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] anybody hey Andrew&nbsp; Pascal each year that goes by the boats&nbsp;&nbsp; become much more custom you want to stay on&nbsp; the Leading Edge of design I think that's an&nbsp;&nbsp; incentive in wanting to get a new one I've come&nbsp; up with three sketches of a 60 meter version&nbsp;&nbsp; even more racy even more sporty this one's got a&nbsp; sun deck and then like a big big roof I think we&nbsp;&nbsp; could make something really really special looking&nbsp; well yeah I'm trying to think of something where&nbsp;&nbsp; I can still get it to sink parts but you have&nbsp; something different you know before herb spends&nbsp;&nbsp; any of his millions he'll have to be convinced his&nbsp; new yacht is unlike any other and I can put the&nbsp;&nbsp; rescue boat down here under the deck owners don't&nbsp; care about what other people have it's not true no everybody everybody wants to have a nicer boat&nbsp; there's one thing's for sure you'll never ever&nbsp;&nbsp; ever have the biggest problem he may not want&nbsp; the biggest but he wants to see all the extras&nbsp;&nbsp; then this is like a hot tub so if you did want to&nbsp; have a helipad we could fill that in and just have&nbsp;&nbsp; the sun deck so you've got three cabins a cluster&nbsp; Jam yeah we can do big glass panels here as well a difference this is only the beginning it could&nbsp; be years before herbs satisfied with the design&nbsp;&nbsp; they don't try to push their ideas on me they&nbsp; try to give me ideas that I think are mine and&nbsp;&nbsp; then they develop them to something that&nbsp; really turns out to be beautiful bye-bye like many billionaire owners her brings his&nbsp; boat out to other wealthy holiday makers&nbsp;&nbsp; it's called chartering a week's break on the&nbsp; largest Mega Yachts for 12 people can cost&nbsp;&nbsp; up to one million pounds Howard Raymond also&nbsp; Charters his yacht and is always on the lookout&nbsp;&nbsp; for accessories to outdo the competition&nbsp; why not a state-of-the-art mini submarine for um they always want to be ahead of the&nbsp; game so we have to be ahead of the game&nbsp;&nbsp; 16 hours underwater in air-conditioned luxury can&nbsp; drive the submarine with distance that was the big&nbsp;&nbsp; question is no so it goes well what happens next&nbsp; and we never hear anything in that day yeah yeah&nbsp;&nbsp; the land of safety features um for example&nbsp; the the dead man trigger yeah if something&nbsp;&nbsp; were to happen with me it will bring you up&nbsp; to the surface I've got to tell you this is&nbsp;&nbsp; great it's very good man what's delivery on this&nbsp; one uh delivery on this unit is about a year the&nbsp;&nbsp; last year has been extremely good for us so the&nbsp; recession's over there well in this case yeah that's great so I suppose it's a numbers&nbsp; game there this model is about 2.3 million&nbsp;&nbsp; euros yes yeah and then you can add some&nbsp; options lights manipulator arms cameras&nbsp;&nbsp; so but it includes training and everything&nbsp; you need to operate it right okay&nbsp;&nbsp; yeah so the smaller one as well yeah&nbsp; that one starts at 1.5 million with&nbsp;&nbsp; 100 meter versions multi-millionaire Howard&nbsp; buying a submarine is a drop in the ocean that's really interesting it's really interesting&nbsp; it would be the only boat in the mail that's doing&nbsp;&nbsp; that it is actually completely insane yeah this&nbsp; isn't everyday life and look at that man [Music]&nbsp;&nbsp; this is James brother's stuff here&nbsp; we have to get one immediately two days into the show and broker Rupert is still&nbsp; on a mission to sell Solange 130 million pounds&nbsp;&nbsp; the most expensive yacht in town [Music] potential&nbsp; buyers have loved the jacuzzi and cinematic so&nbsp;&nbsp; keen on the first room they see launches elaborate&nbsp; main Lounge a lot of clients are sensitive to&nbsp;&nbsp; choose the word very carefully bright or strong&nbsp; features or colors or bold statements that could&nbsp;&nbsp; turn them off on a boat like this you're looking&nbsp; at 175 million euros you know to make sure that&nbsp;&nbsp; you impress from the moment they get on the boat&nbsp; ever the salesman Rupert has devised a tour that&nbsp;&nbsp; leaves the colorful Decor of the lounge&nbsp; until last so something that's not quite&nbsp;&nbsp; um accommodating you leave it till you've&nbsp; managed to educate a little bit persuade&nbsp;&nbsp; cajole impress so by the time you come here&nbsp; it's not a punch in the face it's not a shock&nbsp;&nbsp; and I think you're you're you're better equipped&nbsp; to deal with it Rupert's luck could be about to&nbsp;&nbsp; change his best chance of making a sale has&nbsp; just appeared on the horizon foreign [Music] over 30 000 people many of them&nbsp; British are attending [Music]&nbsp;&nbsp; they're all Keen to take a peek inside the 120&nbsp; floating homes of the Hooper Ridge up for sale Brokers like Rupert Nelson have to&nbsp; be able to spot the serious buyers&nbsp;&nbsp; the one percent of the one percent the watch&nbsp; might give it away jewelry might give it away&nbsp;&nbsp; I mean there's no way he's bought his wife a&nbsp; five thousand dollar engagement ring she'll&nbsp;&nbsp; have something with several carrots it sounds&nbsp; a bit sort of voyeurism you've got to look at&nbsp;&nbsp; them and Ogle a bit but you're looking at&nbsp; the cut of the hair the way the face is is&nbsp;&nbsp; it so does it show it's been lived in or has it&nbsp; actually been looked after you know so far only&nbsp;&nbsp; 30 exclusive visitors have been allowed to come&nbsp; aboard the 130 million pound boat Solange even&nbsp;&nbsp; Lord sugar with his estimated 1.4 billion pounds&nbsp; doesn't seem to have been tempted to buy the boat but all is not lost a serious buyer&nbsp; has just sailed onto the horizon&nbsp;&nbsp; a secret American billionaire has sent his&nbsp; British representative to buy him a yacht [Music]&nbsp;&nbsp; but Rupert's worried Solange's overly purple&nbsp; main Lounge could be a turn off time for Rupert&nbsp;&nbsp; to put his cunning tour plan into operation&nbsp; what we're going to do we start at the top so&nbsp;&nbsp; it's a bit of a hike and then we spiral down&nbsp; it's much easier Rupert's starting his tour&nbsp;&nbsp; upstairs leaving the yacht's main Lounge until&nbsp; last let's start with the sun deck come evening&nbsp;&nbsp; time if you put up an awning or not we have a&nbsp; TV a cinema screen and then when the films ended&nbsp;&nbsp; you've got your disco dance floor and&nbsp; that white box there is a mixing desk&nbsp;&nbsp; you could have a pole there's a fitting you&nbsp; could have a pole billionaires care about&nbsp;&nbsp; the finer detail so Rupert has had to memorize&nbsp; everything about the 85 meter boat see obviously&nbsp;&nbsp; did you've got your gymnasium you've got a fully&nbsp; fully functioning massage closing off this is a&nbsp;&nbsp; steam room it's a shower behind me you can come&nbsp; in behind me there's a door there again go back&nbsp;&nbsp; to the barn with your beers I look forward to it&nbsp; it's a healthy lifestyle it's all about getting&nbsp;&nbsp; the alcohol out of the body so you can carry on&nbsp; doing it again 12 guests Max 12 guest commercial&nbsp;&nbsp; there are seven stroke eight bits time to test&nbsp; the water with the feature Chandelier the biggest&nbsp;&nbsp; ever made for a mega yacht [Music] meters long&nbsp; stretching through all six decks this is called&nbsp;&nbsp; the tree of life there are over 800 Morena Venice&nbsp; venison glass handmade Jack and the Beanstalk&nbsp;&nbsp; I say do it slowly because if you see guys walking&nbsp; around the show like this you know they've been on&nbsp;&nbsp; Solange well that's what you think of the Earth&nbsp; very intricate beautifully made uh probably the&nbsp;&nbsp; super yard on the market at the moment every time&nbsp; you say 175 million and you're walking around this&nbsp;&nbsp; boat you're actually getting a feel for what&nbsp; you get you go actually it's quite justifiable&nbsp;&nbsp; if you're going some of the other yachts in the&nbsp; show you know the volume is one-third potential&nbsp;&nbsp; owners also have to consider the 10 million pound&nbsp; yearly running expenses free generators he has 220&nbsp;&nbsp; 000 liters of fuel just turning on the engine&nbsp; without moving can cost two thousand pounds&nbsp;&nbsp; 90 meals a day in its current operations 29&nbsp; crew on board so here we are the beach platform&nbsp;&nbsp; and see Bob's around only the purple Salon remains&nbsp;&nbsp; Rupert's ready to soften the Balloon by the&nbsp; time you get here you realize you know what&nbsp;&nbsp; I I can change this purple's not a bad color you&nbsp; never live inside of you live outside everything&nbsp;&nbsp; about this boat is a labor of love all these&nbsp; units you see like them or don't like them they're&nbsp;&nbsp; handmade for this boat they weren't picked off&nbsp; on an antique store patter seems to be paying off&nbsp;&nbsp; most owners are very detail-orientated the glass&nbsp; here on this table the Craftsman that made that&nbsp;&nbsp; is truly an artist on his own people ask you why&nbsp; it's 175 million well you've got to pay six guys&nbsp;&nbsp; for three years to do some glass and tables once&nbsp; you start thinking of it in those terms suddenly&nbsp;&nbsp; it starts to make sense if 175 million never makes&nbsp; sense his apartment in New York is very similar in&nbsp;&nbsp; style and detail he's had five Yachts so far and&nbsp; now he wants to go World cruising but they want&nbsp;&nbsp; to do it at the level that they now live at and&nbsp; this is exactly where they're at Rupert can offer&nbsp;&nbsp; a small discount she's not going to sell for&nbsp; under 150 right she'll certainly sell for 160. despite Rupert's efforts there's no&nbsp; immediate sale the agent wants to have&nbsp;&nbsp; a think and talk to his boss we have had&nbsp; offers they haven't been accepted but uh&nbsp;&nbsp; offer offers by Yachts so you've got to start&nbsp; somewhere Rupert's big payday may have to wait and when the sun sets over the Monaco yacht&nbsp; show exclusive bow parties begin and business&nbsp;&nbsp; continues [Music] Howard's using it as an&nbsp; opportunity to view another boat to fulfill&nbsp;&nbsp; his dreams I'm actually socializing um but like&nbsp; any boat here is it's actually for sale so perhaps&nbsp;&nbsp; a bit of both wandering around the boat having&nbsp; a little eyeball and I get too pissed because I&nbsp;&nbsp; stand up for getting my checkbook out so I have&nbsp; to be a bit careful with that one Howard wants&nbsp;&nbsp; to take time out from his multi-million pound&nbsp; Empire and buy a yacht in which he can try [Music]&nbsp;&nbsp; only sort of Civic Lounge area and going into a&nbsp; formal dining wow Howard may be looking to buy&nbsp;&nbsp; another party Doug Barrowman in the market to&nbsp; sell there's lots of flashing lights there's&nbsp;&nbsp; lots of people on the top deck and we'll&nbsp; give it a try and see how we get on you&nbsp;&nbsp; is rubbing shoulders with guests worth 100&nbsp; billion pounds which gives him the chance to&nbsp;&nbsp; promote turquoise the yacht he wants to&nbsp; sell what a beautiful book we like it I&nbsp;&nbsp; do actually got turquoise over there which uh&nbsp; oh okay Britt Nicholas Frankel specializes in&nbsp;&nbsp; organizing super yacht parties where the wealthy&nbsp; can gather and talk business gorgeous you know&nbsp;&nbsp; Vera there are no sacred places where these uber&nbsp; wealthy people hang out and that's where super&nbsp;&nbsp; Yachts become even more valuable because they&nbsp; are still sort of bastions of what they would&nbsp;&nbsp; describe as sort of uh civilization yacho gives&nbsp; Doug the opportunity to mingle not just with&nbsp;&nbsp; the uber wealthy but also the Uber powerful the&nbsp; Mongolians have arrived good evening lovely to&nbsp;&nbsp; see you even the Mongolian foreign minister&nbsp; has been invited to sample the lifestyle of&nbsp;&nbsp; the Rich and Famous wow you've come a very long&nbsp; way haven't you yeah yeah unfortunately for Doug&nbsp;&nbsp; the Mongolian minister is somewhat restricted&nbsp; from buying a super yacht have you got a vote is the landlocked country where I&nbsp; use the boat it's better I buy horses the yacht show is nearly at&nbsp; an end and some millionaires&nbsp;&nbsp; who already have it all will be&nbsp; leaving Monaco owning even more&nbsp;&nbsp; Howard Raymond's lifelong ambition is to buy a&nbsp; boat to travel the world having come to the Monaco&nbsp;&nbsp; yacht show he's now one step closer to buying the&nbsp; boat he needs we've identified two potential boats&nbsp;&nbsp; the sort of semi-fit the criteria even if he gets&nbsp; one like any self-respecting multi-millionaire he&nbsp;&nbsp; will still have to refurbish it to his own&nbsp; specific tastes it's not like it pop down to&nbsp;&nbsp; the garage and get a car and I thought I love&nbsp; that one and you get it tomorrow morning it's&nbsp;&nbsp; these are complicated beasts extremely complicated&nbsp; beasts um so it's it's if it was all okay today&nbsp;&nbsp; Sign Sealed Delivered and I know I wouldn't&nbsp; expect to see it for at least two years [Music]&nbsp;&nbsp; AG Barrowman is going to have even longer&nbsp; to wait for his new bigger dream boat&nbsp;&nbsp; over the four days he's had over 30 prospective&nbsp; buyers tour turquoise it's quite often really&nbsp;&nbsp; because you're trying to live on the&nbsp; yacht and they're trying to see every&nbsp;&nbsp; nook and cranny in a shot of looking in your&nbsp; underwear drawer really he's had significant&nbsp;&nbsp; interest but it could take at least six&nbsp; months to seal a deal actually coming&nbsp;&nbsp; to the end of the show I uh it's hard work&nbsp; I'm quite happy to be winding down [Music]&nbsp;&nbsp; Sirens signal the end of the Monaco&nbsp; yacht show for another year [Music]&nbsp;&nbsp; debotes that are now leaving&nbsp; a small fraction of the 6&nbsp;&nbsp; 000 super Yachts that have been&nbsp; built over the last 25 years&nbsp;&nbsp; and as the rich get richer the demand looks set&nbsp; to increase with another 700 boats in construction&nbsp;&nbsp; around the world this is not something that's&nbsp; going to go away and these boats are getting&nbsp;&nbsp; bigger and bigger and bigger and in an industry&nbsp; that employs thousands of Brits there'll always be&nbsp;&nbsp; a chance for a bumper payday that's the number&nbsp; of wealthy people in the world increases and&nbsp;&nbsp; magnifiers as it does year on year there probably&nbsp; will be a time where there'll be so many very&nbsp;&nbsp; rich people in the world that actually these boat&nbsp; shows would be rather like a market store [Music]&nbsp;&nbsp; Yachts mean billionaires like Doug Barrowman&nbsp; continue to pay to have the best where did&nbsp;&nbsp; it all go wrong well I think it actually went&nbsp; right when I bought it and I can still see that

  Top Comments:
  1. @RegScheepers [3 likes]: Whoever wrote the voice over script is still under the impression that there's such a thing as British exceptionalism. You're a few decades late
  2. @BrownBirdMC [3 likes]: Greetings from Monaco! 
Right now everything is ready for this year show. I am not sure when it will start, because i couldn't care less😂. It's the same every year😂...like the Grand Prix😅...same thing!
  3. @paullunsford8831 [1 likes]: Has anyone seen 
Dr. Faucci in the crowds ?
And this is exactly where I thought he would be.
Pretty sure he made enough money to be in the market !.
  4. @tryingtolearn2876 [1 likes]: 4 or 5 of them should get together and buy a cruise ship
  5. @bennymars254 [1 likes]: i am buying one after graduation this november
  6. @jp-qn4je [1 likes]: A bunch of silly Brits who get pissed daily by pissing on all of us!  LOL
  7. @jp-qn4je [1 likes]: 40,000 pounds to polish, trim, and kiss UK arse sounds so demeaning......I guess an owner who is only there 9 weeks a year...coupled with an enjoyment of seeing some of the world while singe and fancy free might be tolerable!...MIGHT be!!
  8. @DonaldStewart-ni2ue: Everything on that boat is expensive.... including the women. Beautiful boat tho.
  9. @TheBigChill1: This is how the Ultra-Rich measure their dicks...!
  10. @mattm1686: f@ck wow 30 grand a year, how cheap can you be!!
  11. @SmartMoneyBro: A "bulletproof yacht". Never heard of that.
  12. @XCaliforniaX1: rich people are absolutely insufferable, can't stand being arround them, all they ever talk about or care about is money.
  13. @SophiaGordon-rj3qm: Thank you ❤️
  14. @UnKnown-rd8gq: How wierd these catholics spend their lives faking they are rich, or are inventors, and all they do is get slaughtered for knowing digital tech and computers exist. Computers are classfied and in the old America, now collapsed. They were made illegal in 2003 because you thought you were going to steal the monitors. The man who invented auto telephones, landline. Cable tv, tv and film is the same guy. They own it all, these morons live in abandoned houses and all lie to one another. We call them Tates
  15. @jimpfister2189: What a life it must be.
  16. @surfsunsand: I would prefer a yacht over a plane. A plane has limitations. I love the yachts but the owners are pedophiles satanists and that is a club I never want to be a part of.
  17. @AsenAsenov-b8d: Listen people!
Is coming are ages where people around the world will realize that, all that luxury won't matter that much anymore!!
Cuz people will realise that health is more important and happiness is only state of mind!!!
  18. @ridwanmanurung2715: I think must be learning to Malaydesh malaysia 🇲🇾,how to build a ship. As you know, Prophet Noah is learning to build a ship from Malaydesh malaysia 🇲🇾 😂😂
  19. @RicardoWerson: Isn’t it wonderful to be prosperous? Just look at how much happiness fortune brings!
  20. @sharjeelkhan7437: Very old video , reposted .

- Are Miami Yacht Charters Too Expensive? - Everything About Miami: Kind: captions Language: en Are Miami yacht charters too expensive? Imagine cruising through Miami's sparkling waters, feeling the warm sun on your face and the breeze in your hair. That's what a yacht charter offers. But many wonder if it's out of reach financially. Well, let's break down the costs so you can see what's involved. Yacht charters in Miami can range widely in price. Smaller boats or basic rentals usually start around $100 to $200 per hour. These are perfect for a quick trip or a small group. If you want something more luxurious, expect to pay several,000 for a half day or full day charter. High-end yachts often start at around $5,000 for a day and can go much higher depending on size and amenities. For a full week on a luxury yacht, prices can range from 20,000 to $100,000 or more. These yachts come with professional crews, safety gear, and extras like catering, music, or water sports equipment. Miami is known for its vibrant lifestyle and beautiful coastlines, and yacht charters are seen as a way to enjoy that exclusivity. The prices reflected the comfort, privacy, and highquality service you get. For many visitors and residents celebrating special occasions, it's a memorable experience worth the cost. But it's not just for the wealthy. There are more affordable options like smaller boats or shorter trips which make the experience accessible to more people. You can rent a boat for just a few hours or even a couple of hours, often for less than $100. Prices also change depending on the season, with summer and holiday periods usually costing more. Booking in advance or on weekdays can sometimes save you money, too. In the end, Miami yacht charters are generally seen as a luxury activity, but they do come with a price tag that matches the high-end experience. Still, there are choices for different budgets, and the city's many marinas support a variety of water activities. Whether you want a quick ride or a full day of luxury, you can find options that fit your wallet and give you a chance to enjoy Miami's stunning waters. [Music]

- Why Do You Need A Crew On A Miami Yacht Charter? - Everything About Miami: Kind: captions Language: en Why do you need a crew on a Miami yacht charter? Imagine cruising through Miami's sparkling waters, feeling the warm breeze, and enjoying the stunning skyline. Now, picture doing all that without any help. Sounds stressful, right? That's why having a crew on your yacht charter makes all the difference. A crew is there to keep everyone safe and ensure the boat runs smoothly. Miami has strict rules from the United States Coast Guard, which requiring licensed captains and trained crew members to operate larger vessels legally and safely. The captain is in charge of navigation, making sure the yacht follows maritime laws, and keeping everyone safe on board. Without a captain, you cannot legally or safely operate a large yacht, which is common in Miami's water scene. The crew supports the captain by taking care of many tasks. They handle boat maintenance, docking, and anchoring, so you don't have to worry about any of that. They also assist with water activities like jet skiing, paddle boarding, or snorkeling, making sure everyone stays safe while having fun. Having a crew also boosts your comfort. Stewards or stewardises keep the interior spotless and cater to your needs. Whether it's preparing snacks or drinks, chefs can whip up delicious meals tailored to your tastes so you don't have to lift a finger. Deck hands help with outdoor activities and assist with setting up equipment for water sports, making your day on the water more enjoyable and hassle-free. Most Miami yacht charters can host up to 13 guests, not counting the crew. The crew enforces safety rules about alcohol and drugs, creating a secure environment for everyone. They also ensure the boat stays within weight and passenger limits, so the vessel remains stable and safe. In practical terms, the crew lets you relax and soak in Miami's beautiful coastline, lively waters, and iconic skyline. You won't need to worry about navigation, safety, or managing the vessel. Their experience guarantees your trip is not only luxurious, but also safe and compliant with all local and federal rules. That's why having a crew on your Miami yacht charter is essential for a memorable, worry-free water adventure. [Music]

- Private Yacht Charters in Marina del Rey: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] I'd like to say what guests can experience coming to Fantasy is the true quality and comfort of having everything that you've dreamed of realized all in one setting every special moment in your life that's a lasting memory we get to be a part of that from weddings corporate parties bar and bar mitzvas one-year-old birthdays to ketta we do High School proms we understand that you're not only looking for a great location but you're looking for Value quality and professionalism having an event on board one of our fantasy Yachts is a special occasion because of the beautiful plaed Waters of Marina del re we have the nice cooling breezes the sea lions splashing the seagulls in the background it's just a great place to be each event we really customize based on what the client likes a way of really maximizing the yacht maximizing what what the guests would like the Yachts here at Fantasy are very special because each one is a customized yacht they're wonderful to run they're exceptionally comfortable exceptionally well equipped they're really the best in the charter industry we put a lot of time into these Jets uh these Jets take a lot of work we have a team of almost 15 guys working full-time for for this company make sure everything on this boat looks nice they're all really designed to be really pretty as Yachts but wonderful party space so they've got beautiful lounges they have a really nice area for dining and unlike a hotel where you're kind of Trapped in this one square room and and you're impressed with a chandelier the yach yours and our view changes all the time but you can look up the coast towards Venice Santa Monica Malibu look South toward Manhattan Beach this is something else you know people are used to seeing you know those four walls this is something different for the people to see to enjoy this beautiful view and this beautiful Marina well we really care about every detail of your event from getting your name right from the first time that we meet you to making sure that every part of your event is so personal uh sometimes we have guests that bring us their recipes cuz they want want that for their parties and they have traditional foods and they want us to prepare them for them and we accommodate them that's all part of what we do to make their day extra special here that fantasy it it's my name it's my family's name and because our staff have really grown up with us it's their family's name on the door too we've been owned and operated by the same family for 35 years and we have three generations working together we are a family here a lot of us have grown up together um we've got married here have kids here some of those kids are working with us now uh we believe we we have the best product in the business far as boats and team members going together and we invite your family and your friends and your employees to come join us for a fabulous experience on fantasy odds

- MarinaFest Boat Show This Weekend At Marina Del Ray: Kind: captions Language: en JUAN: IF YOU LOVE HANGING OUT BY THE WATER, MARINAFEST IS THE PLACE TO BE THIS WEEKEND WITH THE BOAT SHOW, LIVE MUSIC AND LOTS OF FOOD TRUCKS. SO MUCH FUN FOR THE FAMILY. THE FESTIVAL KICKS OFF THIS SATURDAY. IT'S ON SUNDAY AS WELL IN MARINA DEL REY. RUSS CARRINGTON IS HERE. IS THE ORGANIZER AND WE WELCOME YOU TO "KCAL 9 NEWS" AT NOON. WE JUST GOT AN UPDATE AND THE WEATHER WILL BE GOOD. WHAT A GREAT PLACE TO BE IT WILL BE A PHENOMENAL WEEKEND WITH ALL KINDS OF STUFF TO DO WE ARE GETTING FREE POWERBOAT LESSONS. YOU CAN DRIVE A POWERBOAT AND GET INSTRUCTION PER WE HAVE TONS OF STUFF FOR KIDS CLUB BOUNCERS, FOOD TRUCKS JUAN: THIS IS THE LARGEST IN WATER BOAT TO SHOW FOR OUR AREA. FOR OUR AREA, YES. IN LA COUNTY THERE'S ONE OTHER SHOW, BUT THIS IS THE LARGEST IN MARINA DEL REY. JUAN: AND YOU DON'T HAVE TO BE A BOATER OR IN THE MARKET. DISCO DOWN AND ENJOY SOME AFTERNOON TIME WITH THE FAMILY. ABSOLUTELY. IT'S MORE THAN A BOAT SHOW. WE HAVE THAT COUNTY DISCOVER MARINA DEL REY WHICH HAS LOCAL BUSINESSES THAT ARE IN MARINA DEL REY TO GIVE YOU AN IDEA OF WHAT THEY DO, SO IF YOU ARE INTO BOATING, GREAT. IF YOU ARE NOT INTO BOATING THE WEATHER WILL BE GREAT, COME DOWN AND HANG OUT IN THE PARK. JUAN: DO YOU NEED A TICKET? THE WHOLE PARKING IS FREE. YOU CAN GET ACCESS TO THE WATER WE HAVE A VOTE THAT WILL TAKE YOU AROUND MARINA DEL REY TO GIVE YOU A HISTORY LESSON OF THE MARINA. IF YOU WANT THE BOAT SHOW PARK THERE IS A GATE TICKET THAT'S $10. JUAN: HOW LONG HAS THIS BEEN GOING ON? THIS IS THE EIGHTH YEAR. JUAN: WHEN YOU FIRST STARTED WERE YOU THE ORIGINAL FOUNDER? FIVE OF US STARTED OUT AS AN OPEN HOUSE FOR SOME DEALERS AND IT HAS GROWN INTO A FESTIVAL. JUAN: WE ARE LOOKING AT SOME DANCERS AS WELL AND SOME HISTORIC BOATS I UNDERSTAND ARE THEY ALREADY AT THE MARINA? THEY ARRIVED WEDNESDAY. WE HAVE SOME FUNCTIONS GOING ON TONIGHT AND TOMORROW. YOU CAN COME DOWN AND LEARN HOW THE BOAT WAS CONSTRUCTED. THESE ARE REPLICA BOATS FROM THE 1800S, SO YOU GET AN IDEA OF WHAT LIFE WAS LIKE AS A SAILOR IN THOSE DAYS. THERE IS SOME FUN THINGS FOR THE KIDS TO DO. JUAN: YOU MENTIONED EARLIER DURING THE COMMERCIAL THAT EVERY YEAR THE DATE KIND OF CHANGES ONE WAY OR ANOTHER. PEOPLE ARE FINDING OUT ABOUT THE MARINA FAST THREE DIFFERENT WAYS. YOU CAN GO ON TO THAT MARINAFEST.ORG WEBSITE TOOK THE COUNTY OF LOS ANGELES HAS A WEBSITE. JUST COME TO THE PARK AND FIND OUT MORE. JUAN: FOOD WISE, DO YOU HAVE A LOT OF FOOD TRUCKS? I LOVE FOOD. I'M SURE IT WILL BE GOOD JUAN: THANK YOU SO MUCH AND AGAIN, MARINAFEST IS THIS SATURDAY AND SUNDAY IN MARINA YOU CAN GET MORE INFORMATION ON OUR WEBSITE KCAL9.COM AND

- Docked Boat Catches Fire In Marina Del Rey: Kind: captions Language: en GAVE INTO THE ENTRYWAY. A 35-FOOT O DOCKED IN THE MARINA DEL REY .IN THE MARINA DEL REY CAR FIRED A SECOND THAT L.A. COUNTY QUICKLY. NO OTHER NEARBY BOATS WERE

  Top Comments:
  1. @criminalmind5235 [3 likes]: I Love Marina Del Rey,California 💙

- Yacht sinks after explosion, fire in Marina del Rey: Kind: captions Language: en all in the studio. Thank you very much. Now to our news here at 603, huge flames burned through 100 foot long yacht setting off fireworks and ammunition in Marina del Rey. Mario Ramirez is live at the dock this morning where the boat sank last night. Good morning Mario. Jen. Melvin. Good morning. We can smell the fuel right now. We just heard from the Coast Guard saying that yacht may have been carrying up to 4000 gallons of diesel fuel. And you can see here behind me, the cleanup continues. That yacht is partially submerged, about 20ft deep on its side, and it's now going to have to be removed from the harbor after a dramatic fire and several explosions last night. This video from the appeared to be fireworks going off as crews battled the flames late last night. It was around 830. L.A. County fire crews rushed to the docks here at basin A in Marina del Rey, where that 100 foot, three story yacht was fully engulfed. Officials say two people were on board the boat when the fire ignited, but both were able to escape safely with no injuries, and they now confirm there was ammunition. Hundreds of rounds that were being stored on the yacht. Meanwhile, nearby neighbors, they were worried that the fire would jump to nearby boats. Hearing those explosions coming from the raging flames. I heard a fire alarm and shouting. And then I saw a boat on fire. So I came to check and, it just got bigger and bigger. It started to explode multiple times, like on a scale of 1 to 10, probably like an eight and a half. It was like pretty big. I was like, worried about it might spread to other boats. And Skyfox was over the harbor about two hours after the incident started, fire crews focusing on minimizing the environmental impact they were using beams, booms, I should say, to contain any fuel from spreading farther into the water. Coming back out here, live again, the cleanup continuing. Fortunately, no major damage to any nearby vessels, and crews haven't detailed exactly how they'll be removing that yacht from the harbor. Here, the cause remains under investigation t

  Top Comments:
  1. @YTPartyTonight: Perfunctory reactionary comment: The usual suspects.
  2. @yellowbird5411: No mention of who owns the yacht or how the fire started. Fireworks, ammunition, many gallons of fuel? Good grief.

- Luxury yacht sinks after catching fire in Marina del Rey: Kind: captions Language: en looks like a great drive if north on the 101 is your drive, send it back to you all in the studio. All right. Thank you very much. Now to our news here at 802. We go to Marina del Rey, where a yacht sank last night after it was gutted by explosions and flames. Yeah, that boat apparently had ammunition and fireworks aboard. Mario Ramirez is live in Marina del Rey with the story. Just by looking at that boat. I mean, it is fully tipped over. What a mess out there, Mario. Yeah, yeah, and the massive cleanup continues. We can tell you L.A. County fire officials confirming with the boat owner. There was around 1000 rounds of unspent ammunition and fireworks being stored on that boat. You can see that luxury yacht here. Three stories, about 20ft deep, partially submerged. It was left completely destroyed after a massive fire here along the harbor last night. Video here from the citizen app app showing fireworks going off dozens of them, as the 100 foot vessel is completely engulfed in flames. The fire in basin A was first reported around 830 last night while it was docked. LA County fire crews rushing to the scene after two passengers escaped from the boat fire safely. Engines, fire boats and rescue boats dousing the flames on land and water, trying to keep them from spreading to nearby vessels. All the while, explosions were coming from the luxury yacht and dozens of neighbors were watching in shoc. I kind of just looked at the side and I see a boat completely in flames, engulfed in flames, and I'm going, is the entire dock on fire? Because it was raging? We do know that they fueled up with 4000 gallons of diesel, but we still do not know how much fuel made it discharge to the environment and how much remains still on the vessel. We'll find out more during the day. Skyfox was over the cleanup a little earlier this morning. A privately contracted environmental crew has been brought out doing everything they can to absorb that diesel fuel. The yacht, named the Admiral, was listed in 2018 for sale for just under $1 million. And coming back out here live, you can see those yellow booms in place here to help absorb that fuel. The Coast Guard says it could take days to finish the cleanup. Meanwhile, the cause of what sparked that fire under

  Top Comments:
  1. @Plasser1000 [7 likes]: The owner(s) of that yacht should have to pay for ALL the costs associated with the fire. INCLUDING CLEANUP. Jeez, what could possibly go wrong with storing fireworks on a yacht?
  2. @melvinjohnson2074 [6 likes]: The insurance company gonna take a hard look at this fire not to mention the owners financial situation.
  3. @BrandiYoakum [6 likes]: Only idiots store fireworks on a boat.
  4. @pc3903 [3 likes]: Two way radio or a pager on there? 🧐
  5. @MrKentaroMotoPI [2 likes]: Well, it was either a massive Ukrainian drone attack, or a lithium ion battery 🔋
  6. @GFSwinger1693 [1 likes]: All that red in the water is diesel fuel. Red dye is added to off road diesel to discourage on road usage.
  7. @michaeltaylor8835: 1000 rounds of ammo for what
  8. @Mk-yg4vf: No sympathy for idiots
  9. @Jkstolz: Last video I watched, the cop said there was munitions on the boat, which could be mistaken for fireworks 😂😂😂. REALLY ?
  10. @fa18superhornetpilotcessna75: Jewish lighting ?
  11. @Revelation2213-dr4jy: 🔥YAHWEH🔥Exodus 3:15
This is My name forever, and this is My memorial to all generations.’
  12. @KIP-168: Insurance won’t touch that.
  13. @LupinTheThird31: Purposely set by the owner no news here just insurance fraud!!!!
  14. @channarosenblatt8197: Fox Lyin' News, even on a true report like the one here, we will not forget the manipulation and lying and endless propaganda for Trump, that makes up your network.
  15. @darkpenguin1978: In America the firefighter life only, they always left behind them after a sinister wreck and ruins, save belongings is not a priority

- Inside the Owners’ Journey Aboard Motor Yacht PROBABILITY | Life, Legacy & the 122' Delta Marine: Kind: captions Language: en My name is Brendan Rooney. Uh we're lucky enough to be here with the owners of this beautiful Delta Marine built Trid deck. It's a one of a kind and this is Rick and Rebecca Sheltz and they were kind enough to give us our time today. We just want to talk a little bit about the boat, the pride of ownership. We're here at the Palm Beach International Boat Show, debuting the vessel for the first time, and there's a mix of emotions when the boat uh is about to go on the market, the thought process behind it, and your energy and effort and level of passion that you have for yaching. Um, and looking at all those things, I want to get there in the end, but I'd like to talk at the beginning kind of about how you guys met, what your passion for the sea is, and a little bit about did that start the passion for yaching and boating with your early relationship when you guys were early on. >> Sure. I I'll start with how we met. We actually were classmates at the University of Texas. We do our MBAs together the same time, both both in finance, and that's how we met. Uh, we had grew up with different experiences on the water. Rick had more boat on freshwater and I grew up more fishing on salt water without a boat, mostly surf casting right off the beach, but had developed a early on just a love for the water and did a little bit of sailing on the Chesapeake with my father. >> Beautiful. I love that. Myself, we started way back. I mean, we grew up grew up in the Michigan area and we fished the Great Lakes. We had a little 17t Thompson that was a wood boat and uh it was so bad cuz the wood had dry wood dry rotted and did other things we couldn't even put the boat in the water to mid July. So I told my dad we have a boat we can never use it cuz we have to work on it varnish it fix it and I said you know maybe we'll get a uh fiberbass boat. So we got a fire bass with a 115 Avenue. The water skied off that for years, but we always grew up on the Great Lakes. And you know, I moved to Texas Dallas in 1980. And uh you know, a few years later, we went and purchased a lakehouse there in uh in outside of Dallas about an hour and a half. And boats have always been something in my in in my life. And we went ahead and we bought we had a cobalt. I called Chriscraft. They sent me a little Chriscraft uh Capri before they had no dealers in Texas back then. >> A lot of Chris Crap. And then uh we had what we had, let's see, jet skis and the whole thing. >> And about 2015, >> we said as I always do with Rebecca say curveball and we went to breakfast in January of 2015 and I said, "What do you want to do the rest of your life?" And she goes, "I just wanted to have breakfast." So, so she goes I said I said because we've had a place in Colorado for 10 years. We skied. We had the lake house but the elevation was starting to bother us. So I said how about Florida? >> She goes, "What do you mean?" I said, "How about Florida?" So I This was a Sunday. Next weekend I had us booked. We came to Naples and we looked around and um then I said, "You know, maybe we'll get a boat in Florida." So um that about the afternoon of that that breakfast I bought a boat right when she goes >> sight >> unseen I bought it. >> Oh wow. >> I bought I I bought a 35 Formula and they took us out on it with our maiden voyage. They showed us how to use the thing and I said what's that boat over there and it was a Tiarra. It was 44 Tiarra. I'd like one of those. So we ordered a 44 Tiierra and uh yeah. So we had to and then we had it delivered and we slept on it one night and we said I can't sleep on this. It's too small. So we we put it up for sale. Turned out we didn't have any sheets on the bed. That's so us. I said this was so uncomfortable. I can never stay on a boat. So we sold that boat. But we had you know tiaras and uh hatterases and all of that. But you know, there's nothing that makes Rebecca smile as much as being on the water. >> My honest great. >> And you both share that passion which is >> which I tell you is a real blessing because >> you know the fellow we bought the boat from Bruce Rogers who had it named as Wonderland. His daughter is actually Maggie Rogers the singer. Right. >> Right. And they took it to Alaska and everything but >> and her her first owl is named Alaska. >> Oh, incredible. So, so then I they but so the boat has a great amazing legacy and history to it, but Bruce's wife doesn't really enjoy the water. >> And I said that that would be really complicated. Rebecca enjoys the water so much from her fishing days in Florida that she would rather spend the whole day fishing. She'll go out in 6t seas fish all day. I won't even go out. >> Right. You know, and she has the squid on the deep drop hooks. I mean, and the woman I've never seen better smiles. I run. That's right. Right. >> So, it's excellent. >> Yeah. So, but it's always been a passion of ours and to enjoy it at this level is very special. >> Mhm. >> And it's really a blessing. >> Yeah. Yeah, I mean you guys are are super knowledgeable owners starting from a young age and then progressing into sport fishing, cruising boats into uh this level of ownership uh as you know has its ups and some pitfalls and things that you know propel you through and kind of why you went to this route to a Delta Marine and what brought you to this and what you now think is being an owner of a Delta Marine. just what curious about your thoughts of transitioning maybe from a Hatteris into the Delta market and then what you feel about the boat overall. >> Well, we weren't experienced at all in the in the yaching world. Um, you know, never had a stewardist, never had crew. We always Rick was the captain on every boat we had to uh moving up to the 64 Hatteris. And then as we progressively got um more into boating, we learned so much more about the quality of build, the seaorthiness of boats >> and we got introduced to Delta Marine. Had absolutely no idea what what a Delta was, right? >> The more we studied about the more we found out just what a tremendous Americanmade ship this is. And not just for us as owners, but every crew person we've had come aboard has loved working on the Delta. And we run into captains that were captains of this vessel before in other marinas and they just they they want to come on board because they have such fond memories of this boat. >> So it's just been and it's lived up to all of its reputation in our experience of using the boat. It's been phenomenal. >> Right. Right. Well, I think once you get when you start on this journey, you start out in a production boat of some type. >> Right. >> Right. Which at the show today, there's so many of them, >> right? Well, the production boats are very functional and very most cases utilitarian. What you realize when you own a custom yacht is you go, "Wow, the woodwork, the finish, the seaorthiness, all the qualities that take a lot more dollars to um you have to spend a lot more to get that superior superior finish out and seaworthiness." And that's what happens in a custom boat. And what I really believe is that as we see a lot of these production boats once they get to be 10 years old, you really don't know the market on those values very well. But if you come to the show today and you go to see a Fed ship, you see a Delta, it doesn't matter how old it is, it matters how well it's taken care of. It's because the durability of that boat and the seaorthiness will last 50 years. I agree. Right. And so that's that's the difference. And but we had to go through these other experiences to be educated in order to understand what it really what it really means. And the challenge for us is this boat's irreplaceable. You're not going to find a tri deck in this price range at this quality. But and so it does when you say you have mixed emotions. We know that there's there's nothing as we look at the show and no offense to all these other beautiful manufacturers and boat boats. >> This is not replaceable. And so that's what makes it so unique, >> right? Yeah. No, I totally agree. I think that uh when you get into that and you go through the process, then you really are able to enjoy it and see what this vessel, especially Delta, can do for you in your journey and places you want to go. Which leads me to the question is, do you have a favorite place that you like to travel to and some places you would go back to again and where you enjoy your cruising? >> Yeah, we we absolutely adore the Bahamas. So, we we love the people. We love the place. The the water is indescribably beautiful. It's it's like nothing I've ever seen. It's it's it is spoiled me for Hawaii. I could care less if I go back to Hawaii again because the waters are so absolutely beautiful in the Bahamas. And so for me, the experience of being able to share that with the guests and the family that we bring and and expose them to just all the beautiful snorkeling spots that we've discovered, the amazing fishing spots that our our our folks have shown us that we've we've just had incredible production from has been just delightful. And that's so I would say the Bahamas are probably my and particularly the Exumas my favorite place to take the boat. >> Yeah. Yeah. I I I agree. And you know what? Uh some people say, "Well, you you want to go to the Bahamas again." Well, the Bahamas is a broad is broadly defined. There's all over. We're members of Chub Key. So when we go to Chub, we go there mainly to fish, but um and you build a sense of community. We're members of Ocean Reef. So you go to Ocean Reef. So you're as many as a lot of people belong to many golf clubs or social clubs. You have the same thing in Yachti. And one thing I will say is the people I've met in Yachti are some of the most fun people I've ever met with and we've made great friendships. And I don't want to sound arrogant, but if you want to doubt that you're kind of in the club. So even if the guy has the 150, he still says, "Oh, I'll talk to Rick and Rebecca cuz they at least are." And no, I don't mean people aren't that rude, but it's just it's just uh Delta is a differentiator. And when you go for the crew, they even say I work on a Delta. And so that's good. But to answer your question, the Bahamas for me, I'm good for like a lot of two week trips. So I have short attention span. So So you know, I don't have if I have to go somewhere for a month, I I don't know. I get stir crazy regardless of how beautiful it is where I am. I really So I go to a lot of places in two weeks. You can fly to with Normans or wherever to meet the boat and you can cruise and do everything then come back. It's it's so convenient. And as my captain who's been to Alaska, uh Northeast, the Caribbean, even the Mediterranean, and I think you spent some time Brendan in the Mediterranean. Um those are those are big efforts. So if you're going to go to the Caribbean, we don't charter the boat. So if you charter it then you can stay down there for 3 months and make it you know cost effective. But for us the Bahamas has really been the destination of choice and we we never get tired of it. >> That's great. I love that. And I love that you both love those uh those journeys there and taking friends there and family. That's what it's all about. You know boating and yaching is about bringing people together. Uh, what's also great about a boat this size is you can all be together in one spot, but you can all have your own separate retreats on the boat. Um, durability, long range cruising capabilities, shallow or draft to get into these places in the Bahamas, uh, to your favorite sites. Um, those kind of things make you go back again and again. Um, >> especially for compass because you know, yeah, compass you have to be uh, you know, plus or minus an hour of high tide, but we can get the boat in there because I think once you get to a 9 ft draft, compass is very difficult. I don't know that um Joel who had freedom, which is a 150, he would come in there, but I mean he'd be stirring up a little sand and other things. Absolutely. So, uh, we we can get everywhere we want. And but a friend of mine who's been in boating a lot, I've been in voting a long time. He told me, he says, "Botating is a narcotic," >> right? It's so addictive because once you do it, it's an irreplaceable experience. you you can have wealth and money and own different things, but being on the water and looking out at the the sunsets and even in Highborn Key and you see the sunset over the rocks and it's beautiful and you know we most Boers love good wine as do we so we love good wine but uh you sit there and you I I just I don't know what what could give me that level of satisfaction and just appreciation. It just brings me to um such a basics of life that it's it's just it's so memorable. >> And I'll pick up on something you said about what's fun about this boat is you have so many different places to be. So whether it's if you have a little bit of work that needs to get done and so you need a place to sit down and work, we've got space in the in the salon to do that. And particularly when it comes to meals and and different things like my my daughter and her friends, one of their favorite places to be is is this this on the aft deck here on on the bridge deck and have dinner or lunch there. It's a wonderful place. Or or if it's a gorgeous morning, we're all going to be on the on the lower aft deck at that, you know, big table there and sit up >> close to the water, >> right? Or if they want a more formal dining experience, we're at the that formal dining table in the dining area. So to me it's just there's so many beautiful places to be and one of our favorite things to do Rick mentioned wine is have a glass of wine or a nice little cocktail in ordurves all the way up on the fly bridge and just enjoy the the view is magnificent. You can see forever from up there and then just the breeze and the comfort and it just it's a beautiful way to to end a day and begin an evening. Yes, it's >> one of our favorite spots. >> And what makes it unique, think of it, boat like this at this size and and for being in boating and I can tell you I have friends that own 150s, 170s. And you know, we have a friend with the 150 here in the show right now and he's selling he's got nine crew. Mhm. >> It's you know, they're international. I mean, the expense structure and and the challenge of that many crew is uh takes up time, takes up mental energy. where the 120 to 130 is the premier uh size range where you can do it with the number of crew that you want, but you can still maneuver around the Bahamas in a lot of places. You can do a lot and I consider this to be the perfect perfect size of a vessel uh with the most utility and managing the expenses of it. Um, but when you think about dinner, like Rebecca brought up, you could see 24 at dinner here very easily. You can see ate up here, ate, you know, in uh in the salon, and then ate on the aft deck. And think about that. I think I'd have a hard time eating my house in Dallas, having 24 people over for dinner. And it's very accommodating here. And they can go right to the bar, especially if they're up here. It's very convenient because the bar is right here. >> Right. Right. So he said I don't even have to go a long way for a cocktail, right? The other folks down below, they have to go longer. So I'd rather eat up here, but it's just you get 24 people. So I mean that's that's quite amazing. So there's so much utility. The other thing is what I didn't appreciate is the difference between a raised pilot house and a tri deck. And having a try deck with the sky lounge and the upper lounge as well really creates a lot of different spaces for enjoyment and for memories. >> Absolutely. Yeah. I mean that was going to lead into my next question was what kind of advice you give somebody for a buyer that you know you mentioned yesterday at the show a buyer comes in the show someone looking at boats it's there's so many there's so many things to look at you get confused you don't know you know what is what at the end of the day um so as as looking not only from the show but the lens of hey I'm going to be buying a boat like this getting into a bigger boat size and what advice you have as they step into a boat, saying coming from a 50 or 60 or 100 into this size range. If you had any advice for uh new buyers or new owners out there that you could share to say here's a couple things or a couple tips uh or quick things to share uh in your mind. I have a lot of advice on that down there because I learned a lot and I got to tell you after being in yaching for 12 years, you learn a lot. But as I Rebecca and I, we just love boat shows. We love boats. We love the water. So, we walked around yesterday. If I was a if I was trying to buy a vessel or looking to buy a vessel, I'd be so confused because there's so many different brands and there's so many different types of boats. So, I if I gave you the three things, the first thing is which is the best quality. A lot of people like to buy new and they like the sizzle of new. That's that's very good. And a lot of those no newer boats. The question I have is what happens after 10 years because no one really knows a lot of these new designs how what how seaorthy they will be and how well they'll hold up after 10 years and what they're really their value is. So to me if you're buying a newer boat you're going to suffer a lot more depreciation. I'm a finance guy. So cost of ownership is meaningful and you you know I I can I can tell you we met people at all different wealth functions and they all know the math of yachti. Maybe not the first two years cuz they they learn quickly by the third year they say oh I know what you cost of ownership and so the first thing is I would buy the most high quality brand out there and a fedship in Delta you can't go wrong. I'd buy an older Fedship before before I'd buy a newer production boat, right? Because I know that Fedship has an integrity and a quality to it. The next is cost of ownership. It's one thing. So cost of ownership comes in a variety of ways, but it's uh cost of money, which has gone up now. It's probably 5 6%. And then you have depreciation. You buy an older boat, you suffer less depreciation, but you have more maintenance. Well, a boat that's wellmaintained, you're going to suffer a lot less depreciation and the m the maintenance costs will be lower. So, the economics of it really are important. And so, I can tell you for this, the, you know, this this beautiful yacht, the engines have been rebuilt. They only $2,200. Generators are good shape. We just redid the exhaust system. We upgraded the AC units from five to six tons. So the chill water system this place will even in the hottest days will freeze out you know and so the even this room here we we updated we we refinished all the the wood to its original design and you know but we've gotten to know all the right tradesmen here to do it all. So I'm okay owning an older boat because I know the process. A lot of older boats have to go in the yard and it's a $2 million expense. This has none of those expenses. So to me, I would look for uh a high a a a a builder that's of high quality. Hawkford, Fedship, Delta, and there are a few others, right? And then I would say, what's it going to cost me to own it? And talk to the talk to the owners like us. We can tell you that. And then the third thing I would say is what fits the utility of your family and know the difference between Tridex pilot houses or some of these more sportier yachts cuz what you don't want to do is own a own a vessel make a mistake because those mistakes because you guys stay in business at 10%. So I understand you know how you make a living but that 10% adds up. >> Sure. >> So you want to make fewer mistakes. Great advice. >> And I would follow up with the Rick's last point about really understand how you're going to use the boat. So, is it going to be a truly social thing for you? How many people are you actually going to bring into your space to live with? Breakfast, lunch, dinner, all your excursions. You're going to be with these people a lot. So, you need to decide, you know, what what how many people you bring on at once so that you still can enjoy them and their time with you and they still have the space to enjoy themselves. One of the things that I really appreciate when we first looked at this yacht before we bought it was the size of the master stateateroom is just beyond generous. It's it's furious. >> But the other stateaterooms are quite generous as well. And there's room in the bathrooms for, you know, I I I have a daughter, so she's got a lot of girlfriends, and when they come, they need counter space in the bathroom. There's plenty of it for them. It's just so you have to think about how you use the space and um how you will use the boat to interact with your own friends and family and just even yourselves. And Rick and I, we're happy to take the boat just ourselves and spend time on it. And that one thing at first I go, "Wow, we have this big vessel and it's just the two of us or another couple." I'll tell you, we've had the best memories and everything. I don't I don't A lot of folks when they get a boat, oh, I got to have 10 people, right? >> Exactly. >> Well, you know what? Having 10 people, you know, it's four or five, it's work because you as owners, are you having a good time? Uh are you enjoying yourself? Is the food good? Do you need anything? I mean, even though you have the support staff to to do that, I don't know how you can have a guest in your home, which it's your home, and not feel that way. So, that took a little bit of uh learning for me to just realize that we're if we're kind enough to invite you on a beautiful vessel like this and I have to worry about what you're going to do every day, that's probably a problem, right? So, to enjoy it in the way that you can with everything that we have. And we tow a 41 Bajala so you can go snorkeling, fishing, and we carry a little 17 ft Walker Bay, which Rebecca and I love. So we create so many activities. It's probably when I'm on when I'm on probability. I have fun 12 hours a day. I don't know when I have a fun 12-hour day. >> Right places in other places. I got to tell you, there aren't many days I have a fun 12-hour day. >> That's wonderful. Yeah, I love that. I I so appreciate your guys' time. That's great advice. Uh they're always available if you have any questions. Um this is a wonderful boat. It's excellent maintain. We're going to go through a walk through um to do all the video and photos throughout the boat so you could see it in detail a bit more. But thank you so much guys for your time. If I could add one thing, Brendan. So, uh, Bruce Rogers, who is crowded, he's okay if I use his name, who was on came on board yesterday after not seeing the boat for 5 years. It almost brought tears to his eyes because when you own a boat like this, it's part of you. And you're part of the legacy. So, people do have questions. We want to share the legacy. This is not just a boat. It's it's a special owning this Delt 122 Delta up which I think they made six or seven and six still exist and the history and memories. I mean it was Bruce couldn't have been he was smiling the whole time and so we are the same way. So we're always available because we want to make sure whoever is the per next proud owner of this yacht that they understand what it's like and we want we want to preserve their the integrity of the boat but also extend them to have their happiness as well. >> I love that. >> So thank you. >> Yeah, that's great. Wonderful. Thank you very much. >> And you know what? It's been a real pleasure work with you. outstanding what you do and I'm so proud of you and your firm and what you've done. It's been uh and to watch your you in action in representing our Delta. It's we've been uh overwhelmingly uh appreciate we appreciate you but it also you've done an amazing job. >> Thank you very much. Appreciate that. Thank you. All right.

- $3,000,000 Palm Beach 55 Yacht Tour: Kind: captions Language: en welcome back to the yacht addiction youtube channel the yacht in front of me is a 2020 palm beach yachts pb55 sedan now at the time of filming this is actually the only pb55 that's immediately available in the united states palm beach yachts is a division of grand banks and they're known for building extremely high quality yachts in this example is presented for sale by matt weimer at annapolis yacht sales you'll see on the whole it has an all-grip midnight blue paint and has cream on the cabin area let's grab a quick profile shot and then we're gonna make our way on board to tour this beautiful listing so starting at the back of the yacht one thing this yacht is known for is its extremely large cockpit and back at the swim platform this platform is fixed and if we step on board you'll see you have this railing right here now there is a grill that can attach to this space so you can cook off the back of your yacht and not have any type of mess that comes up and stains your yacht this is also removable and you can move it over on the starboard side and that's so you can release the tender which is actually stored underneath this bench seating area and i'm going to show how this works in a minute also on this side is where you'd mount your boarding ladder so like i said you can store your tender underneath this section right here so let me grab the controls for that which is in this storage area and then you'll see at the push of a button this entire cockpit table and bench seating area will rise up and inside you can store a 10-foot tender so i'm not going to raise this up actually i will raise this up a little bit more because you can see as it raises up the back of the tender actually rises up as well and then with the other buttons you can control the pulley system and the tracks will come out and release the yacht right into the water so you can do that single handedly that's a very impressive feature on a yacht this size so let's close this up you can probably make it out over here you can see this entire floor of the cockpit section is what rises and lowers let's tuck this back inside so now we're going to actually step into the cockpit like i said before you have this bench seating area and a huge palm beach logoed fixed table and you are able to access the tender garage through this hatch right here so if you need to load anything up or you just have extra storage space down here you can easily access it through this hatch and the same goes for the hatches on both sides now over here we have a bench seating area and then underneath we have some built-in storage and here's that grill that i mentioned so it's tucked away neatly and then here we have a sink and a really good sized refrigerator let's get one more look at the cockpit before we head inside the hatch to the engine room is actually right down here but we're gonna check that out later on in the tour for now let's step inside this beautiful pb55 so now we're in the main salon you can see this extremely nice looking seating area over here you have two little sofas then you do have storage built into the table and on the opposite side you have your dining area so you can see the l-shaped seating that wraps around here and the expandable table let's flip this over to show you what that looks like and on the floor you actually have this extremely high-end carpeting this is called sea salt carpet one thing you'll see throughout this yacht is palm banks has some really high end materials and finishes all throughout the woodwork is honestly extremely exquisite you'll see on the back of the double helm seat you have the palm beach logo and then here you actually have the tv that rises up so let me show you how that works if we open this up there's a switch right here and you'll see how the tv rises up obviously it rises a lot more than that but i just wanted to show you how that feature works and then just to send it down you do the same exact thing and you also see controls for the fusion stereo system right to the left of that tv switch while we're facing this direction i'll also take you up to the helm you have this extremely large i mean i'll call it a double but realistically you could fit three or four people across on this helm seat and then they really embraced the all glass cockpit look so you have the beautiful satin finished wood i believe this is teak and then you have garmin multi-function displays you have your steering wheel the throttle control your vhf you have the upgraded zipwake trim tap system your autopilot control and the balance stern thruster so you have a really well equipped home station right here overhead you have these skylights so we can pull these back and now it's just a screened in area you can also open these up for ventilation so you can pull the screen on one or the blinds and you have that on the other side too and then here is your galley you have a miele induction cooktop as well as the miele oven and then you have drawer refrigeration and freezers and those are located right here you have more storage built in over here and then you have your sync of course there is some storage overhead and this is a pretty cool feature obviously you can just reach up to access the storage but if you want to take it a step further there is a switch over here so when i press this that storage actually drops down and it automatically lights up like i said you're going to find high-end finishes high-end features all around this palm beach motor yacht then we push that button and it goes right back up another powered option in here and this is one of my favorites on this yacht you have these really large windows next to the helm station as well as all the way aft and over on this side and all of these windows are actually powered through the push of a button over at the home station those controls are right here so we have the starboard window you just push this button and you'll see that drops down automatically and then let me show you the two aft windows as well once again i won't go all the way but you can see how these windows drop down so obviously if you want to you can have all these windows and doors closed up and you can enjoy the ac inside which does work incredibly well but you can also create a really open air experience get a really nice cross breeze going by opening up all these all right now i know what you're thinking you're like how are you still in the main salon on this 55-foot yacht but there's one more thing i wanted to show you let's just get one more quick look at the main salon you also have a storage area underneath the galley floor this is on a gas strut so it's really easy to open and you'll see the teak flooring down there you have shelving over here and some battery switches so you have great storage under here you could use a sense of pantry store some cleaning materials or cleaning supplies really whatever you want down here and then like i said because it's on the gas strut it's really easy to open and close now i think we've seen everything in the main salon except for your electrical panel which is right here now this is a two cabin layout so it has two cabins and two heads you can opt for a third cabin but the owner on this one opted for this little lounge area so you have a large set tee right here a tv up on the wall and then an additional refrigerator for wine or whatever drinks you want to store right in here and of course you have the storage as if it was a cabin so the master cabin and you'll see you have a queen bed every single room will have the hatch above for ventilation egress in an emergency and also just some natural light there's a good size closet on the far side of the room tucked down here there's also some drawers built right in and you have a large tv mounted up on the wall and of course your ensuite is located where you'll find your sink toilet and the shower and i really like how they have the teak lined on the floor and then you can see the glass doors are tucked away against the wall on each side so you can just close those in behind and you have your shower and of course you have the hatch overhead so my opinion this is really nicely finished master cabin these palm beach and grand banks yachts are highly sought after and typically it's for good reason here is the vip cabin or the second cabin you'll see they set this up with two single beds in a v or scissors configuration and then you have storage built in along the walls i like just the hint of accent lighting underneath the storage like i said you have storage along the walls and then you do have a tv mounted up on the wall and of course an extremely large hatch in the middle you do have a closet right here and this is cedar lined and then this shares duties as the day head as well as the ensuite you can close this off and use it as an ensuite but it's similar to the master cabin we have the shower stall the full teak flooring and then the toilet is located behind the door we've seen the second little sitting area we've seen the two master cabins and the ensuites we've seen this very impressive main salon and galley now i think we're going to head outside and head up to the bow next so we're heading back into this massive cockpit area the decks are pretty wide and you have hand rails on both sides so it's a very secure feeling walking up to the front here one thing this yacht is known for it has a very angled mast so it has a very aggressive look here you can see all of those hatches for all the different rooms but you could throw down some sun pads and lay out in the sun up here and then all the way forward you have your windlass anchor system the foot pedal controls and this yacht has almost 200 feet of anchor chain it has an ultramarine 60 pound polished anchor and you also have controls for the chain counter and the anchor back at the helm station and then in this hatch and it's also on a gas strut and you'll see you have all of your fenders stored in this locker you can also see your anchor chain down there and one more feature that i think is just a nice little touch but it's something you don't really think about you have these powered windows that drop down like i showed off earlier but out here they actually have this little track so this will catch water and throw it away from the open window so if it's wet outside or it's raining and this window's open or if you're just washing off the top of your yacht if there's water on here for any reason it's not going to drip down into this open window it will follow this channel and drop off to the side that's just a nice little touch something you don't normally think about or you wouldn't think about you can tell a lot of thought has been put into this palm beach and if we walk down the other side we'll be back in the cockpit so as i mentioned the hatch to the engine room is actually here one thing you might be thinking is you know normally when i'm showing off these yachts the engines are very far back into the cockpit but on this shot the engines are actually more forward than you would think this is on two gas struts so it's although it's a heavy door it's very easy to lift up you do have to crawl down and tuck down they did put teak flooring on the floor of the engine room that's extremely impressive definitely was not expecting that you have your generator in the middle and then this comes with a pair of volvo engines and you can see those on either side so these are volvo d11 engines they're 725 horsepower each this jaw is on straight shafts there are only 300 hours on the engines this boat is in like new condition you have a top speed of 32 knots you can cruise at 17 knots or at 24 knots honestly you have a lot of flexibility this yacht is very fuel efficient and it also burns fuel at a very even pace so at the top speed you'll get 280 nautical miles of range at that 32 knots you drop it down to 24 and you'll get closer to 400 nautical miles and if you drop down further down to 17 you'll get over 500 nautical miles of range so it's a very linear range to speed chart and then here's another sign of a well thought out high quality yacht if you look at these bolts right here see those yellow markings those are actually torque marks so you can tell if this bolt is coming loose or moving for any reason because those yellow lines will not be lined up obviously this bow is almost brand new so you wouldn't expect that to be moved at all but that's extremely useful for when you need to replace anything or torque down any of these bolts also because these engines are so forward actually let's get out of there to a quieter area but because these engines are so forward this yacht is extremely balanced almost so much so that it doesn't even need a sea keeper stabilization system because with the engines forward the weight is very balanced in the water and i'm told with the upgraded trim tabs this shot is just extremely comfortable in all different weather conditions and you're always going to have a smooth ride so i think we've seen every area on this if i didn't mention it before the beam is 17 feet it has a draft of four feet the length is about 60 feet or around 18 and a half meters this is an incredible like new condition the next owner is going to be extremely pleased with it so if you're thinking about it don't hesitate to reach out to matt weimer at annapolis yacht sales thank you so much to him for letting me do this tour i'm going to link this listing of his down in the description so you can check it out in greater detail and we will catch you next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @jameswindsor5732 [5 likes]: How the hell is this 3 million
  2. @johnhickman2915 [1 likes]: It's nice to see a truly high quality boat.  Thanks for the tour!!
  3. @teop7887 [1 likes]: Absolutely beautiful!

... I still think Hinkley is the best, but the PB boats are indeed a work of art 👍
  4. @narayanmontreal4320 [1 likes]: Very good video and tour of this fabulous boat. I find that your videos are more and more professional and very well filmed and edited, Excellent work.
  5. @terrenceervin1980 [1 likes]: I'm  thinking no more than 300,000
  6. @jimcathcart5116 [1 likes]: Those channels are called rain gutters
  7. @HowardCampbell-r1k: Yes, you do such a nice tour very fast all the right information. Yes, I love this boat. If you could only have one, this would be perfect.
  8. @edwardwagner2142: Washer dryer?
  9. @jimmythegerman69: $3M for that?!?  Oh boy there's no way...
  10. @johndana8671: Very very damn expensive!
  11. @keithprichard516: Where is the fuel capacity spec??
  12. @captcav767: That helm looks like there is no leg room at all! Wouldn't like being 6'4 in that helm seat! I love the aft seating, really nice, but the accomodation seems all bent out of shape, not what i'd expect for $3m!
  13. @darthkek1953: Fantastic boat and great tour. What I don't understand about PB is the sheer range of boats they have at 50 foot. They have a GT 50, PB 50, PB 52, PB 55. It's one thing for a company to make models with 5' increments, that's usual for the larger production houses. But 5 models in a 5' range?
  14. @Andy_M986: Not worth $3 million at all,quite a delusional price actually.
  15. @kecronin4987: So how much you want for this 400.000 dollar boat
  16. @dmitry.g192: a beautiful compact yacht in every sense. I would really like to own one. However, given the average salary in my country, I will save for it forever))
  17. @BillyBobDingledorf: Beautiful and well done, but the price is absurd.
  18. @Donald_Shaw: Tony, what a great looking yacht. You did a great job showing us around this beautiful yacht.
  19. @nancycowell-miller4321: Love the retro lines...
  20. @Mathew1985mathew: You can buy brand new Cranchi 78 Settantotto for 3 300 000$ ☝️🤷‍♂️😃

- Is This the Ultimate Cruiser? Palm Beach 85 Sedan Yacht Tour & Review: Kind: captions Language: en Why would you spend $10M on a beach house when you could buy this? I mean it has many of the same features, the waterside terrace, the shady veranda, the open plan kitchen, but with this, if you don't like the neighbours or your view, you can just move. And how many beach houses do you know that can do nearly 30 knots? This is the Palm Beach 85, the new flagship of the range. It is designed to be owner run. It might in fact be the ultimate owner run passage maker and its cruising performance, well it blows its rivals out of the water. As I shall now explain in this full tour, I'm Jack Haines, you're watching YachtBuyer. If you've not done so already, make sure you subscribe to the channel, hit subscribe and that bell icon and you'll never miss one of our videos. And what's funny about this boat is it's deceptive. Because it's a coupe design, it's really hard to appreciate just how big it is. It's 27.5 metres long and 6.7 metres wide, but it disguises that size really well. And right back here, you have a lovely long bathing platform. The whole thing doesn't drop down, but this central section will go up and out towards the quayside, so you can use it as a passerelle, and it also drops down into the water. Now, you can launch toys off this, but you probably have spotted as well the tender actually sits on the roof and we'll come on to the mechanics of that later on in the video. What else do we have down here? Well, this is a transom hatch that runs down into a lazarette, a spectacular lazarette, if lazarettes can be spectacular. Well, this one is. We'll see that later on. There's also a grill down here. So you can pull this out. And there's a Magma grill mounted in there, so you can cook away back here and then just slide it away when you're done. Over on this side, you've got a shower down here so you can hose off after a swim. You've also got all your wash down as well, so you can hose the boat down really well and easily on board the boat. And again, it's all very neatly tidied away inside these lockers. Cleats down here on the bathing platform and also some lovely mooring gear up here on the top sides, too. And there's more to enjoy in the cockpit. It's a very practical machine this. There are little storage cubbies all over the place. Nice long ones underneath the seat here. You've got these really useful deck catches as well held open on a gas ram. You can put your lines in there. They've got the hose in there. You have those on both sides. Just very useful little cubbies to have when you're handling the equipment, when you're mooring the boat. Now, this is a very important space because there is no living space up there. So this is your main external living area. And it is huge. Look at all the floor space between the table and the fridges over there. And as I said in the intro, this is your shady veranda. You've got this lovely long overhang. So it's really well protected. If you're eating here, there's another shade that drops down both for shade and for privacy, if you're, say, moored stern too. And look at that table. Absolutely gorgeous. You can take out this central bit so you can walk between the two to make it a bit easier to get in and out. And it's on an adjustable pedestal as well. So it will drop down to create a sun pad back here. But the important thing is really comfortable exterior dining space with lovely high backrests. That's a really comfortable place to sit. And I like this area as well. A little bit smaller, a little bit more intimate, and I can immediately feel the protection from these screens back here, especially when you're moving along. If you want to be outside but protected by the wheelhouse and you're charging at 25 knots, this is the place to be. It's absolutely lovely. There are some facilities out here as well. There's a couple of nice big fridge drawers. So you've got cold drinks out here and this is an interesting little area. So you lift that up with a split door and that is access to another cabin, the crew space, the engine room and the lazarette. It's wonderful down there. I'm going to go there at the end. Before that, let's head up to the front. It's a really safe, easy boat to move around. Lovely wide side decks. You feel nice and protect as well. This is all very high. There are a couple of steps on this side deck. In fact, this one aligns with a boarding gate. You just pop this open. You can step off side-to if you need to. That is very neatly integrated, couple of handholds down here as well. This isn't wood, but it certainly looks like wood. And you'll be thankful of that if you are running it as an owner, much easier to look after than if that were varnished timber and no teak on the side decks either. But again, this is so much more practical. It stays cool. It's really grippy, easy to clean and look after as well. Now, it is very bright up here. There's lots of white going on. And the ratio of coach roof to sun pad isn't great. That's pretty small for a boat of this size. However, it has got a pop-up backrest so you can get a bit more comfortable if you're lying down there. And of course, you've got all of these skylights dispersing natural light down into the cabins below. One area I really like up here though is this well, integrated right forward. This is like dropping into the back of a Riva Aquarama. I absolutely love it. What a place to sit when you're moving along at, you know, maybe 10 knots. You probably don't want to be here at 25 knots unless it's really calm. But right at the front of the boat, you'll hear the waves peeling off the hull. I absolutely love it. What a great place to sit back with a drink and take in the world when you're going into somewhere new. Practical as well, of course. Great access to the windlass. Nice big cleats up there. And you can actually get into the chain locker. Nice double door. You've got washdown up here as well. Stowage for the winch handles. It's all really well thought through. Then beneath that for a T-catch, there's a really deep locker. Big enough for a couple of fenders you can actually climb down into as well. Now, before we head inside, let's head up top and talk about the tender. This is possibly where the whole owner run idea falls down a little bit, especially if you're more immobile, because there's no two ways about it. Getting up to the tender deck is a little precarious. You've got those little steps. There's no protection up here. And you're navigating down this area to get back to where your tender is. And of course, this is much more of a hassle than if it's just sitting on the bathing platform like it is on so many boats of this size. You just drop it down to the water off the back of the boat. But of course, the extension of the hull underneath the bathing platform is so important to the way this boat goes through the water. So that is a compromise they've had to make. You still get a decent size Williams. It just means you're going to be up here handling the crane. It is stabilised. You've got fin stabilisers, so it shouldn't be rolling around too much. But even so, it's just a bit more tricky than it would be with the traditional setup. One thing that is quite clever, they've got a camera mounted up here. So from the helm and all the screens on board, you can make sure that the tender is still where it's supposed to be. Let's head inside. Stepping inside, it is the usual oasis of Palm Beach timber, just on a much bigger scale than anything we've seen before. And it is absolutely lovely. And there's flexibility within this layout as well. You could have the galley aft if you want to. But I think the way this boat is done works particularly well. So you have your seating area right aft, big, comfortable sofa on the starboard side, little drinks table down here on the port side. Behind that is where you find the TV. Obviously, that's very well positioned because people will be sitting on this big old sofa and watching the telly. Nice to see these. You see these on Grand Banks and Palm Beach. On a boat this wide, these are even more important. You've got a lot of floor space to wander around in. So if you move around it, so you can just grab that. You know, it's always there and there's one forward as well. Big table on the starboard side. I really like that because it's on the right side to face the TV so you can eat and watch TV if you want to. And there's a nice mix of the matte wood here in the cabinetry. But the tables are back to gloss, makes it a real centrepiece. It again is absolutely beautiful and space all the way around this side to put some more chairs in if more people do want to dine inside. And this feels very domestic. The island set up, very open plan, sociable. It feels like a sort of family kitchen. It's lovely. And the nice mix of the the wood below and the dark tops, I think, works brilliantly. And it's very well packaged, too. You've got all your storage down here for your plates and your glasses and your crockery, everything's held in place. Nice big hob here with the oven underneath. And of course, things like the dishwasher, big bin, all the sort of stuff you're going to be relying on when you're living on board. Cooling space, crucial too. Pretty obvious large fridge here. But that's supplemented by two more cooling drawers on this side and really useful things like these pantries. And look how this all actions. It's lovely. Soft close mechanisms click shut. So that can't open when the boat's at sea. And another nice feature. OK, we've not got a flybridge, but we've got two sunroofs. So if you're cooking, OK, you've not got ventilation over there, but you can open the roof and let the steam go out through the actual top of the boat and they're separate. You can open that one, close this one and vice versa. It gives you loads of flexibility. Should we talk about the helm? Just one helm and it's a good one. I love the fact that you can sit back in this super comfortable chair. You're right on the centre line. And with this IPS version, even at speed now, you can control the direction of the boat with just the twist of a joystick. What a great position that is. Sitting back, wonderful view forward. You can see your screens really easily and you are in total control. And talking the screens, obviously, you can have your charting and sonar and stuff. But nice to have the camera feed as well. A really clear camera feed. There are two separate engine rooms. I can see those. You have a look at the back of the boat, up on top, as I said before. So, yeah, you've got really good overview from this position. Now, let's talk about performance, because the headline performance of, say, 27 knots may not seem all that impressive. The Princess S80 will do nearly 40 knots, but it's the cruising potential. You can have it with this IPS 1350, 1000 horsepower per side or twin 1300 horsepower MANs on shafts. Either way, you're looking at about 27 knots flat out. But at 21 knots with this version, you will do 700 nautical miles at 21 knots with a 10,000-litre fuel capacity. That is extraordinary. Nothing can hold a candle to this when it comes to fast cruising. And of course, if you drop it down with that fuel capacity and the stabiliser, you can cruise at 10 knots. That range goes through the roof, but you really can travel long distances at speed in total comfort aboard this thing. And if you do want to compare it to his rivals like boats such as the Princess S80, you can do that on YachtBuyer.com. Head over there. You can use our industry leading head-to-head tool to look at the boat side by side and see which one you like best. OK, let's talk manoeuvring, because of course, you can do it from here. You've got the joystick, you've got the cameras, but you've got sort of wing stations on both sides because you've got side doors on both sides, which again is great for the flow of the boat and ventilation. But you can see here, I've got my joystick start-stop button for the engines. And you've also got a bow thruster right here. So you can pop open the door and you can stick your head down the side deck and you can manoeuvre from here on both sides. So no matter which side you're berthing, you've got really good control and good overview of what the boat is doing. Very clever. Let's head downstairs and have a look at the accommodation. Down that run of steps, we actually come to a mid deck. So right forward, you have the VIP en suite. There's a twin with a bathroom on the starboard side. This is where you find the day head as well, which is quite nice, considering every cabin has got its own bathroom. And beneath these doors, you find a switchboard neatly arranged, really clearly labelled, digital switching as well and quite close to the helm. It's not taking up space there by the helm, but it's nice and close to it. And a moment, please, for the woodwork here. Look at the craftsmanship on this bannister. It is absolutely beautiful. And that leads down to the owner's cabin. I'm going to go there in a moment. More practical stuff. This hatch here, we have access to an excellent technical space. Totally separate from the engine room, of course. There's a nice ladder down into it. You have the water purifier. All the batteries are down there. And then right forward, really good rack storage. Again, it's that living on board. You need loads of space to store stuff. And that is really easy to get to amongst the cabins as well. So you can get down there very easily and look how hefty that is. Lovely. Moving forward, we'll look at the twin first. This is very typical Palm Beach and also Grand Banks. They're all part of the same company. But the woodwork is beautiful. These lovely rounded edges, very practical storage all over the place. Two singles here, of course, with storage underneath them above the beds. These sort of really stylish oval shaped portholes. They don't open. They're quite steep, but they do bring in quite a nice amount of natural light. And we saw these up on the foredeck didn't we. You can see the effect drawing in loads of natural light. So it's nice and bright down there. You can open those, of course, and there's shades too. TV mounted up on the wall. And as I said, private bathrooms big enough to have a separate shower cubicle. Now opposite this is where you find the washer dryers. So you have them stacked here again between the cabins. Really useful. There's even more aft. You've got plenty of spaces where you can do laundry, if again, you're on board for a long time. Right forward, the VIP, lovely amount of floor space in here. It's got a big bed, but still a really good amount of room so you can get changed. Get to your storage really easy. It's mirrored on both sides quite literally. But there's wardrobes on either side, plus drawers or vanity areas. And wherever they can fit storage, they have these lockers here. These nice cubbies on either side of the bed as well. So you can put your devices in there easily and look at the size of this hatch. Head height's excellent. You've also got a lovely big hatch here again, putting loads of natural light down here because the portholes, they're not huge. So this really helps out. And this has got another nice, totally private and very spacious bathroom. And like even the Tecma loo has got a wooden top on it. And you can see a lovely big separate shower cubicle. And these are even more important in here because you can open them and let the steam out. Let's head amidships and look at the owner's cabin. Now, the smaller Palm Beaches, because of where they put the engines to make the weight balance good as possible, you often don't get full beam owner's cabins. But here you do. And what a space it is. It is gorgeous. All decked out again in this beautiful wood. It's quiet, it's calm, it feels really high quality. Not only the woodware, but even just the carpet, the sponginess of it. It's lovely. Headroom is great. Massive bed in the middle with nice high bedside tables on both sides. Really comfortable sofa down here as well. Often these just don't really look like they're designed to be sat on. But I just want to sit here, put on the TV in the peace and quiet and enjoy my lovely cabin. Of course, storage is excellent. There's a huge cupboard behind the door when you come in. And on top of that, we have a proper walk in wardrobe. This is a great space, shelving here, hanging up there, more hanging. Got a safe down here, even part time gym as well. A proper multi-use space. Let's have a look at the bathroom. Access to the bathroom is over on this side. But before we get there, it's really handy to have this screen up here. Of course, great that you can see the chart. If you're an anchor, you have your anchor alarm here. You can make sure the boat's where it's supposed to be. But you also crucially have access to all the cameras here. So there's a whole suite all over the boat. We've seen some of them through the tour, so I can check the lazarette. I can also go up to the mast to make sure, as I said, the tender is still in place or the covers not blown off. And you can even look in two of the separate engine rooms and make sure that everything is as it should be. Even more storage behind me here. Loads of drawers all lined up along this side. And on top of that, they've even squeezed some more storage in these little hatches here, one on either side. You know, you really do find these places very valuable when you're living on board for long periods of time. Let's look at the bathroom. I really like the finish in here. It's like upstairs. You've got the mix of the traditional teak with the black on top. It makes it a little bit more contemporary. Of course, storage is excellent, both underneath the counter and above in these vanity units and there's space not only to have twin sinks, but lots of spots to have your toiletries. And on that note, a lip here wouldn't be a bad idea. People are naturally going to leave things here. So it'd be good to have a lip so they can't slide off when the boat's moving along. Shower cubicle is enormous. Bit of a shame there's no window in here, but there's a reason for that. I'll tell you in a moment. You've got extraction from a fan, of course, and a rain shower head. Always nice to have the old heated towel rail as well. And the reason there's no window in this bit is because the toilet has its own separate section over there. And that's where the window is. All right, let's head aft and have a look at that back cabin. Now, that staircase is the one I showed you earlier in the cockpit. You come down there and this is where things get really nerdy. But before that, there's another really nice cabin. Now, a few uses, I've been wanging on about this being owner run. But there will be occasions, I'm sure, where people want a captain or deck hand on board, maybe. Well, they could sleep here in what is a really lovely cabin. Or it works brilliantly as an overflow guest cabin because it's a double. It's got lots of storage. It's all finished in the same way as the cabins forward. Look at the size of that wardrobe it's absolutely huge. Private bathroom as well, which is big enough to have a separate shower cubicle. But there's another proper dedicated crew space just over here. And this is absolutely lovely. If you have got crew on board, they have their own cabin there. That's a single berth. But again, it's got another private bathroom. Decent little galley here. You've got cooling space, microwave, storage above and a sink. All really nicely finished in exactly the same way as up there in the saloon. Even more laundry facilities. You've got another washer, another dryer. Again, that redundancy is helpful and gives you the capacity to wash sheets, clothes, because you've got two more forward as well. So plenty of laundry capacity. A little seat down there. OK, you're relying very much on artificial light. It doesn't feel cramped. It feels really rather nice. And there's another screen behind the door as well. So again, oversight from down here is great. And crucially, it goes through to the lazarette. And well, what a lazarette it is. I mean, just look at this place. There are laboratories that are messier and less tidy than this. It's insane that you can stand in a lazarette like this and have carpet underneath your feet. And there's loads of storage here, but it's all, again, very nicely hidden away. These all lift up, hold themselves open. You've got all the tools down here. Fender sock covers, more covers down there, lines. It's just really easy to use these spaces. And how about this? So the engine rooms are either side. You have an engine room per engine. But from here, you can do a little quick inspection. If I find the right handle. So you can just lift that up, have a peek inside, make sure everything is OK. And then you can just push this away, unlock it exactly the same on the other side. And then you have proper access doors on either side so you can get into the engine rooms properly. We'll look at the port side one because it's slightly quieter. But they are pretty much identical. In we go. And then you're dodging the little teak laid sections, which is, you know, we're quite familiar now with that on board Grand Banks and Palm Beaches to have teak in here. But what a space this is. The engine in suspended isolation, of course, because its partner is over there in its own space. Everything is so clean and tidy. All the cable runs, the plumbing. You could spot issues immediately. You'd know if there was a hair out of place. Twin generators one this side, one the other side. The fuel filters are really easy to get to. Clear bowls as well. So you can check the fuel switch between them very comfortably. Very well lit as well. It just doesn't get better. OK, headroom is a little bit compromised, but it's so easy to move down this space. And if you're going to be working around the pod around the engine, you'll probably be sitting on one of the stringers anyway. It really is absolutely top drawer. And you have exactly the same over on the other side. And the other thing to mention, because I pointed this out at the start of the tour, so you come out here. Back to the lazarette. That is that central transom hatch. So you can get down straight from the bathing platform to the engine room spaces. And of course, the crew can get out onto deck without having to go into the cockpit. Bloody brilliant. In chasing performance and efficiency, there are compromises. This doesn't have sliding, swivelling, folding things in the cockpit. It doesn't even have any hull windows. But what this does have is timeless charm and elegance. Palm Beach has been producing boats for 30 years. And in another 30 years time, this thing is going to look just as good as it does today. And of course, what it really excels in is that fast cruising performance. If you want a boat that you can manage yourself, as long as you're competent enough, Captain, take long distances fast. There really is nothing that can touch it. Let me know what you think of it in the comments below. Thank you very much for watching that tour of the Palm Beach 85. I hope you enjoyed it. Please give the video a like if you did. And remember to subscribe as well. If you want to see a boat that's in the same group as this, the Grand Banks 85, their flagship, we've got a video of that as well. I'll put that up there. Thanks very much for watching. I'm Jack Haines. This is YachtBuyer.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Yachtbuyer [6 likes]: Interested? Find New, Stock & Used Palm Beach PB85 Sedan Yachts For Sale: 
https://www.yachtbuyer.com/en/palm-beach/for-sale/pb85-sedan
  2. @daviddaly1257 [2 likes]: Brilliant boat, brilliant review Mr. Haines!
  3. @wowsituations [1 likes]: your beach house replacement analogy was perfect, this one doesnt have a yard but it can also fly to the bahamas for the weekend 🤩
  4. @deedge1584: Fantastic boat😊

Just pure class on the SEA😊

MONACO HERE WE COME❤
  5. @ChristopherSanders-l3b: A great toy for a billionaire
  6. @darploin5071: This boat is just a Florida version of the Delta carbon 72 sports yacht
  7. @darploin5071: That's actually a good idea to split the engine room think about it if the hall is breached on the port side or the starboard side where the engines are at it does not affect the other engine room meaning you can still get Home on engine and splitting everything 50 between the engine rooms and having double redundancy on everything means you could lose an engine room and still be able to operating home
  8. @darploin5071: That's actually a good idea to split the engine room think about it if the hall is breached on the port side or the starboard side where the engines are at it does not affect the other engine room meaning you can still get Home on engine and splitting everything 50 between the engine rooms and having double redundancy on everything means you could lose an engine room and still be able to operating home
  9. @darploin5071: I think they call that style of galley in the yach Country kitchen style
  10. @darploin5071: I wonder if they would take that dinette there at the stern and turn it into a jacuzzi instead of a net and then with a little dinette is often the corner they would make that a little more substantial in dead or dining area.
  11. @theelgrapeape1341: I've watched this three times. I've found new things in each watch. An extraordinary review of an extraordinarily detailed yacht.
  12. @GroppeljohannKlotenkempe-vr6oh: I‘d say the Zeelander 8 is a worthy contender for comparison. Build quality is at least comparable (I‘d say it is better), same numbers of berths, much faster (depending on engines of course) and the range is also comparable with 630nm at 27kn. AND Zeelander 8 has a garge for the dinghy. The Palm Beach on the other hand has a much nicer salon with more space (more space in general).
I think it comes down to taste. Both yachts serve the same purpose as long range an sporty high quality gentleman cruiser. Zeelander more sporty and stylish, Palm beach more spacious and warm.
  13. @thetabletopreader: This is a beautiful boat. If I had stupid amounts of money, I would own one and be out on it every weekend. I'm loving this channel even though I couldn't afford the tender on the top of this vessel.
  14. @caribguy2007: Looks nice but why so expensive? 10 mil brings in a lot more on others. Is it because of all the wood?
  15. @wahistoryandme8961: The beach house will be worth more in 10 years, the boat will be worth half.
  16. @adderzk1309: Personally I don't think the owners bathroom sink needed to have fiddles on the vanity as there is cupboards behind the mirrors for accessories 😉
  17. @MaartenvanBodegom: The front seating area coild be a problem when a high wave get it full of water , draining should be big than
  18. @CupidinColorado: Too small….😑
  19. @tibchy144: Beach house appreciates in value, this thing of beauty depreciates in value... But you live only once..
  20. @worldcitizennews: Many Nordhavn Yachts are made in Communist China... Think twice before buying and supporting the CCP..

- Business Yacht Ownership : Tax & Financial Strategies | JFA Yacht & Tideline Solutions: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Hello, welcome to the 2025 Palm Beach International Yacht Show. I'm James Faulman with JFA Yacht and Ship. We're on a beautiful Saba 50 that is for sale and was bought through a concept that Gary is an expert on. and we're going to talk about business yacht ownership and how to utilize your tax dollars, a smart business savvy way to buy and own a yacht of your dreams. So, this is this is Gary Mckenley. He's uh we we met about 4 years ago uh on a boat taxi coming into a boat show. It was a lot of fun. He was really fun fun story was uh I was wearing a jacket very similar to this and he noticed that I was very uncomfortable. It was sweating and uh it was a very hot day, hot humid day, but I was wearing my coat. He came up to me and said, "Uh it's a nice jacket you got there. Uh you a little warm?" And I said, "Yes, sir, I am. And thank you for noticing because now that somebody has seen me wearing this, I can take it off." And that started a really cool conversation. uh he says, "Let me let me introduce uh my business partner uh Doug Benfield." And so he brings Doug Benfield up to me and other career as a as a pilot, an airline pilot, uh I flew with a gentleman that happened to be his his father. And uh so when he introduced himself as Doug Benfield, I looked at him, I said, "That looks just like uh Tommy Benfield." And I said, "Are you Tommy's son?" And he said, "Yes, I am. How do you know my father?" and that turned into a really amazing fun relationship and that has helped a number of our clients. So, wanted to invite Gary to share a little bit about what they do and how they do it and how important it is for our clients to understand this concept and how it can help you own and enjoy the yacht of your dreams. So Gary, without any further ado, please introduce yourself. Your company, Tideline Solutions, and a little bit about yourself and what you do for our clients. Sure. Sure. Well, thanks for having me and, you know, we've enjoyed a wonderful relationship uh for many years now. We're so excited to to talk a little bit about yacht as a business when it comes to the ownership of of the yacht of your client's dreams and mine. And uh I can remember uh six, seven years ago uh picking up a magazine and seeing uh a beautiful yacht and it was showing that uh you could get a nice stream of income of 7 or 8% and being in wealth management for 27 years, I said, I got to I got to look into this a little bit more. And lo and behold, uh, the asset class and as a model, it's just, uh, it's just been wonderful to see your clients and ours enjoy, you know, their dreams on the water, matching up their balance sheet to their lifestyles and in in what is financially one of the the smartest moves that people should be considering, particularly with things changing as they are. Yes. And it's exciting times right now, right? We were just talking about how uh exciting changes are coming and some for some of our clients that that's this can be scary. Sure. Um but I've seen in in the es and flow of the last uh uh two centuries in the boat business how those changes can be opportunities. And so, um, when when we bring a client, uh, who is interested in owning a yacht and we share this opportunity, um, there's a couple things that that I ask and that is like, you know, are you what is the purpose for owning the the the yacht? And so, we look at their mission. We really ask a lot of qualifying questions to see what it is their needs are. And when I hear somebody that says, you know, I'm not going to live aboard. All right? It's not going to be a liboard situation. I'm going to use the the boat uh most mostly for my my my family and and we're going to uh but we're not going to be fulltime on the boat and I don't really care where the boat is. Uh but we want to have and enjoy a nice yacht like this. Uh but it doesn't make financial sense, James, they say. And and I said, "Well, okay, maybe there's a way we can do that." And so, Gary, how how do you help our clients um take their tax dollars and turn it into a a nice yacht that they can use? Leverage that over year over time. Yeah. So, so we uh we have two parts to Tideline Solutions. We have one part of our company which is totally dedicated to tax solutions and tax savings because if you can have money that you would normally be uh out of pocket uh because of a tax that's due that you can fairly offset and put back into the yacht or put back into your pocket, that makes perfect sense, right? I mean, that's a no-brainer. Um, if you've got an opportunity to also adjust your balance sheet with an asset that's not necessarily correlated to the market that when the snark market in uncertain times like even now is not necessarily something you need to worry about with that asset, it becomes just a really really smart play on the wealth side. So by combining the two um it can really be as you say a good financial opportunity rather than a challenge. Yeah. Absolutely. And and there's lots of ways to do that. Um you know sometimes we have people that uh don't want to come out of pocket, right? they don't want to go to the bank for 20% uh and and have to make some changes that maybe they don't want to make at the time. So, we look for solutions that will allow you to find arbitrage, find leverage, and actually keep that money in your pocket, right? Keep it working for you in your business or the things that you know best. um but still uh add the asset class and the dream so that you can move forward. So there's lots of strategic ways to do that. Um and that's what we specialize in of course to help your customers. Maybe summarize what you said. I I think I understand what you said is basically um instead of taking your money out of uh a portfolio where it's earning a a rate of return that's that you're enjoying uh and buying a depreciating asset like a yacht uh that doesn't make a lot of financial sense. Why not keep those assets in play? put those assets under management, a put the same portfolio with the same stocks and bonds and the same mixture, but put it under a u a management that understands what we're trying to accomplish. Uh and then collateralize that, use those funds, uh collateralize those your own become your own bank essentially and set up your own terms how you want to do it timeline wise and interest rate wise. pay yourself back and allow the tradable assets, stocks, bonds, and and other other assets to continue its rate earning its rate of return while you're enjoying a yacht. Is that what you said? Absolutely. I mean, it's very smart. Very very simple example. you know, if I have I have a million-dollar yacht, uh I come and uh tell my my uh Tidelines group to organize a million dollars, uh using my my brokerage account as a as collateral. I can simply uh have them send the check to me. My stock portfolio continues to grow. I've come out of pocket with zero and I have my new million-doll yacht. Yeah. Um, that's kind of genius, right? Uh, because my assets are still growing and I've got an opportunity to add an asset and then when you add tax savings to that strategy and then you add some potential revenues coming in from chartering, um, that's the type of modeling we love to do, right? and making sure that the business plan is in place and that you're really being smart about the whole process of getting the yacht. Yeah. And and that's one of the things that, you know, a lot of my clients have been able to enjoy and some people there's three three basic help me if if I understand this right. There's three basic types of folks that utilize this this tool. One is a person looking for a cash cow and they wanted to really be profitable and make a lot of money. The boat suffers a little bit because of the amount of usage. Then you've got somebody who kind of wants to break even. Y uh and then you've got somebody who's looking for uh not they they want a really nice asset that they can um use for company purposes and and use for light charter, but they don't want the boat to suffer too much. And so in those situations, they actually have they have a a business loss, but they have a great asset that they can utilize and they're willing to take that loss. Um so those three categories of of buyers, uh can you explain those three how that works tax-wise for each one of those three? Yeah, I mean again each each situation is different. Um and I know you're on the wealth management. I'm on the wealth side, so I don't want to speak to Tommy. I mean, Doug, sorry. Doug is is uh he's it's it is it is currently u tax season. We're we're in March and everybody know April is it's a time crunch. And so so Doug right now, thank you Doug for everything you do, but you're I know you're not here in a beautiful boat show. You'd rather be here than in your office buried under tax taxes, but thank you for doing what you're doing. Uh so I understand that is a kind of a tax question, but can you summarize a little bit for us? Yeah, I mean I I think if if you think about it um with respect to what's going on today, maybe that's a nice way to approach it. Uh you know, we have the Trump tax cuts that are uh are going to be uh voted on here over the next several months. Uh there's some real opportunities that we think are going to appear again in areas like bonus depreciation. uh we we feel like there's going to be uh further tax cuts that again the yaching strategy as an asset could uh become even more and more viable. Um and certainly if you're somebody who is you know uh coming into a windfall or selling your business or you have a situation where you're saying you know I need to find uh the right places to put the assets. This is certainly something to be considered. And uh uh you know, with regards to each of those three examples, I'm going to let Doug, you know, kind of kind of address them further on the tax side because I don't give tax advice. You don't want to give wealth advice and and we we stay in our lanes and that's what what works and I have to be a fiduciary and uh and Doug has to obviously protect his license. So we we want to make sure we're doing everything the right way and I think that's that's what gives uh peace of mind to the people that we work with together. Great duality to your company and uh and protects our clients. So that's that's great. Um, so the uh on what I understand how how that works is um is with with the tax depreciation, you can uh write off when you when you buy the asset, in this case a yacht, you can then depreciate a majority of that and help um reduce other taxable income. And again, that that is a I'm not going to give tax advice, but it is a really smart way to own a yacht like this, place it into a business, utilize your tax dollars, a little or a lot, and then use charter revenue to offset the operating costs. And so, u Doug and and um Gary have provided our clients with spreadsheets and scenarios that tailor to your needs and it's really been a lot of fun. Ton of fun. A lot of our clients have utilized that. I've sold probably over 150 yachts in the last 5 years using using that tool and it's a really smart way. And then uh add to that, like you said, the the collateralization of your portfolio or the or the uh the yacht to then uh make a smart way to to use t uh your your your your assets to not require you to take money out of pocket. So that that is just a a really cool way, a trifecta if you will, using depreciation of the tax code, using charter revenue, and then reducing costs of and giving you more control as far as um uh not having to take money out of your portfolio to buy a depreciating asset. So yeah, I mean financial engineering is and creativity and outside of the box thinking is so important. Um, you know, if somebody has a a large IRA, you know, what's their fear? Their fear is that when I take that money out, I've got to pay a tax. But, you know, there's a way to use that IRA and get your yacht, you know, and if people are interested in talking with you and I and my team, I have to speak for my son Joe. He does just an incredible job working, modeling yacht by yacht with you guys just to make sure that we uncover all those types of opportunities to make sure that uh we're we're we're getting the deal done the right way. And and that's just so gratifying. And it's so much fun to see these people years later just out enjoying everything that uh comes afterwards and getting their next yacht and getting getting into uh different opportunities because of it. So it's it's wonderful. You talk about the next yacht. Can you share with us a little bit about how that process works? Yeah, you know, a lot of people um you know, when they just go around the show, for example, here, they're just talking about the yacht for the next 6 months or a year. But what I love about working with you, James, is that your company doesn't just look at the next 6 months or a year. You look at what is going to happen over the next six, seven years, right? And is there an idea to upgrade each year or every few years to the point where you can get into uh more of what fits your your liking or a nicer yacht and take advantage of the whole program and process of tax savings uh and and using it as an asset over and over again. And even to the point of an exit strategy, right, which we all have to exit at some point, right? So, making sure that that no stone is left unturned. And I, you know, I compliment you and your company for for all the work that you do and and and working with us to make sure that all those things are addressed. Yeah, we got a lot of our clients en enjoy the every 5 years upgrading to the next yacht and uh with a with a exit strategy that may be 15 or 20 years down the road where they end up with a yacht of their dreams at retirement and then they have choices. They can either sell the yacht, they can either keep it in play, keeping it as a cash cow, um, earning income in their retirement, or they take it out, they pay a tax recapture, uh, at the rate that they are at at that time and then enjoy the yacht and whatever their goals are, whether that be circumnavigating the world or just hanging out in the Bahamas, my favorite place, the Exumas. uh uh whatever that is. We we set that up uh in a in a in advance knowing where we want to end up and plan that out and and you guys do a great job helping our clients accomplish their goals that way. Gary, really appreciate you coming and spending some time with us answering your our questions. Tideline Solutions, JFA Yacht and Ship. If you're looking to come buy a yacht or an aircraft for that matter and you're looking for tax solutions, you've come to the right place. Gary, how can we get in touch with you? Yes. So easy tidelines.com. Feel free to look us up online and of course we're always here with you. So, always a pleasure.

  Top Comments:
  1. @kerbito_: At what interest rate are you borrowing from your own brokerage accounts?

- Yacht owner suing the Town of Palm Beach: Kind: captions Language: en who ran it ashore on Palm Beach uh back in early September is now suing to recover every penny he lost. Taxpayers, they finally foot the bill to remove that broken down yacht there after it just sat there for weeks. But now's Alyssa Heyman joining us live from Palm Beach to tell us what's in this lawsuit. Alyssa. Well, this all started when the owner of that yacht ran her ground because police say he was boating under the influence. And in his lawsuit, he claims that the town of Palm Beach and its police department had a legal obligation to secure his property when he was arrested. And he says they didn't do that. What was once a massive mess along the north end of Palm Beach is now a legal mess. And it has many beach lovers like Diane Beller mad. It's extremely frustrating. It's a pathetic situation. Um, it just shouldn't be. Buler and her organization have been helping to clean up the litter from the 72 FFT yacht that ran ground in early September and last week they were still picking up the pieces. We found all sorts of different um pieces of the boat still. We are left to clean up his mess and he didn't seem to have an ounce or shred of of regret or um decency in him. So, it did not surprise Buer to find out that the man who ran the boat ashore, Thomas Baker, is now suing the town and its police department for $450,000 to cover his losses. This despite the fact that the police arrested Baker for boating under the influence that night. It seems par for the course for his life. He's blaming everybody else but himself. According to the complaint filed in federal court, Baker claims that the town and the police department had a legal obligation to secure and tow his property when he was arrested. And Baker says they didn't do that. And that lawsuit isn't going over well with the people who say he should take responsibility. Well, this will drag on for a while. And it's unfortunate for the taxpayers, for the town. They all worked so hard to make to remove this boat, to do the right thing, to get it done, and now to have this thrown in their face is is really just pathetic. Now, the town of Palm Beach says it does not comment on pending litigation, but they do say they plan to fight the complaint in court. Now, Mr. Baker's attorney, I did speak with her, and all new at 6, she's going to break down this complaint for us, and she's going to explain why they believe the town should pay up. for now. Reporting live on Palm Beach, Alyssa Heyman for the now South Florida. All right.

  Top Comments:
  1. @merksecution8395 [28 likes]: Hate to say it but he's right. If you get arrested while driving a car and its parked, the police turn off your car, lock it up, and put your keys with your property. That's if they don't have it towed (also a form of securing it).
  2. @regressmenot [7 likes]: He's taking responsibility by being arrested for operating under the influence. Once you are arrested you can no longer take responsibility for the yacht that's left behind. Is absolutely the town's obligation to do something with that property. If they pull you over on the side of the road they don't leave your car abandon, they tow the car at your expense to a designated safe holding area.
  3. @thomasmattson2389 [4 likes]: He will win. Stupid mistake. Secure the boat.
  4. @themonkeydoo3 [3 likes]: Hate to say it but he is right
  5. @Schoolofscarletthomestead [2 likes]: Nonsense, a boat taken by the sea and saltwater is a total loss. Where is the insurance company or was it not insured? This is just another rich guy behaving like an *. We need a judge to lock this guy away for a long time of reflection.
  6. @CharlieOdom1957 [1 likes]: Although I don't believe he deserves the boat, he is correct in his suit to claim the loss. The police should have secured his yacht. The vessel was only grounded when he was arrested. There was no damage, besides bent prop shafts. The police let it sit there and get destroyed. The news is missing a lot of video from when the boat was first grounded. This indicated a lot of bias in hiding the fact that the yacht should have been impounded and taken to a safe storage location.
  7. @vwdarrin [1 likes]: it's a win
  8. @aquaticthumb5193 [1 likes]: It don't look like the cop being thugs is going to just be sweep under the rug.
  9. @mick8669: Must be a liberal! Blaming everyone but himself.
  10. @pompommania: You are innocent until proven guilty. The town should have secured his boat. Their mistake. They need to pay up.
  11. @MrJuvefrank: This guy was more like a Gilligan than a skipper.

- Rising fuel costs could mean higher prices for boaters, water taxi riders: Kind: captions Language: en I'm Kayla McDermott, your and I'm listening to boat on the water who say if f up, then passengers might just to stay afloat. Bein Hello, Captain Craig, is Captain Weston Russell. I guy that panics, but the has him on edge. I mean, higher, I mean, I don't k turns on his boat. He's n but also the money in his paying about twice as muc you know, a month and a h runs on diesel and just g is costing big bucks. We to the gallon, but if you boat that has twin motors they could get 0.7 miles exactly that problem, hav there. The owner of the p service to Peanut Island. a half ago, we were spend week in fuel. Now it's up Miller has three boats, e that run every day. Each half a tank, which is abo day. To try and save, I'm made. Running our boats s save gas that way, just p gallons, 40 gallons, you saving tricks are only go 30 to the point, both men raising ticket prices, a Miller. So this hasn't re ever since the pandemic, correct. Both have tried the burden on their clien it could happen soon. I k be raising prices even ne this. I think that's what up doing. Beautiful, clea says he needs to start sa slow winter season. I say 6 to 7 weeks, so we have during the summer. Kayla

  Top Comments:
  1. @Beerbatter1962: Rising fuel cost means higher prices for everything on the planet.
  2. @timjudshore6907: Just shorter trips and more beers
  3. @mesanders1113: I get the struggle of rising prices but it seems to be more of a luxury industry for fishing charters and boat taxis services. I'm willing to bet that their client base is not as financially burdened like many other non luxury industries. Kinda really seems like a 1st world problem to me vs everything else we are struggling with as a country.
  4. @BigRudy53: Do news reporters always say stupid stuff?
  5. @jamesc37: Could ? Might ? wtf is wrong with you people.  Oh wait you are not journalist you are propagandists
  6. @interactive1178: Stop using diesel.
  7. @artdirectorplus: mercury has swapable battery / outboards. .

- Total $ Cost to Buy a Boat & Run it From Maine to Florida: Kind: captions Language: en for those of you that don't know me my name is gus and i took a boat from portland maine to miami florida this is exactly how much money it took me to buy a boat and take it down the entire east coast yachting is not only reserved for the rich and famous and i'd like to be living proof that even those without a lot of money like myself can live the wonderful boat life you don't need a multi-million dollar yacht like these to have just as much fun so this video is going to be all about how much it cost me to take this boat from maine to florida [Music] wow some of you may be thinking how did this 23 year old kid afford to do this i saw everything in the comments section from he's a trust fund kid to mommy and daddy supported this trip well my parents offered me every piece of support that i could ever need but no financial support this was on me this is actually not as expensive as you may think and with some hard work it's possible for anyone the first and main expense of this entire trip was buying the boat the boat was 25 000 but rest assured you can spend a lot less than 25 000 and still get a boat capable of doing this trip the total amount of money that i had to put into this boat before we left for the trip was 11 956 dollars this number reflects material only since i was able to do all the work myself i saved a ton of money this included everything from wiring to heavy duty alternators new bilge pumps new float switches two new battery charging systems a new main battery switch new batteries a new inverter rebuilt toilet pumps all new sewage lines a new sewage tank a new fuel tank all led lighting throughout the cabins a new hot water heater a state-of-the-art garmin navigation system loaded with some of the best charts available a fresh coat of bottom paint a new oil pan on the starboard side engine a new shaft coupler on the starboard side transmission all new shaft packing for the rudders and the prop shafts and much much more so now for the question that i've heard again and again how much fuel did it really take to get this boat from maine to florida our total fuel burn on this entire trip all the way from portland maine to miami florida totaled to be 3732.86 the 1031.12 gallons at an average of 3.62 cents per gallon some of the cheapest fuel we got was in chesapeake city maryland and it was three dollars and 10 cents per gallon some of the most expensive fuel we got was in atlantic city that was four dollars and 20 cents per gallon now fuel is rising and uh it's going to make this trip a little bit more expensive our average fuel cost down the entire east coast was 3.62 cents per gallon my boat is designated as what's called a fast trawler meaning the hole is a modified v-hull type boat it is also known as a semi-planing hole this is so that you can cruise at a faster speed than a full displacement trawler well you might be wondering why would you buy a slow trawler if you could buy a fast trawler well one of the main sacrifices is that you lose your full peel a full kill helps a lot with stability so when you don't have one you lose some stability also the keel provides some prop protection for this boat that doesn't seem to be much of an issue however we decided to take the cruise at full displacement speed which immensely helped with our fuel savings my average cruise speed was eight knots at 1300 rpm with an average fuel burn of four gallons per hour some of you may remember the day that we cruised up the delaware bay to the cnd canal we had to get some miles under our belt so that we wouldn't get stuck in the delaware bay that day we ran the boat at 16 knots at 2200 rpm just to give you an idea of the difference in fuel burn at that speed we burned an average of 32 gallons per hour that day that was an expensive day but our total fuel costs for the trip reflect that day as well one of the biggest costs for people that are traveling by boat is transient dockage and transient mortgage that is one thing that we did not spend a lot of money on we mostly anchored this resulted in insane cost savings when it came to transient dockage a lot of boaters like the security of being tied up to a dock at the end of their trip and they don't have to worry about dragging their anchor they're also supplied with shore power fresh water and other amenities of being at a marina in my opinion anchoring is what really ties together an amazing boating trip we anchored in extremely remote places like sandhol creek in north carolina you go outside and there is nothing around you it is great and the best part about it it's free if you wanted to factor transient dockage into your trip expenses you'd need to consider at least two to four dollars per foot per marina that you stop at the pricing depends mostly on the location of the marina my total transient dockage and mortgage costs were 371 dollars on the entire trip down the coast the only places that we paid for mortgage and dockage were new york city it was 120 for the night we wanted to go into the city and we weren't comfortable leaving the boat on anchor so we could have the peace of mind of leaving the boat safe while we explored the city in moorhead city north carolina we paid 20 dollars to stay on the sanitary restaurant dock we did this because it just made sense in saint augustine we rented a mooring for 26 because it was rather windy and we wanted to go to shore once we got to miami we spent 205 dollars on a mooring for a week another huge expense on any boat trip is maintenance costs i made sure my boat was in tip-top shape before we left for the trip which resulted in very few issues one of the issues that i had was one of my rebuilt raw water pumps fell apart unfortunately i check my engine bay at least once a day while we're underway and i noticed this pump was leaking before it completely failed so i decided to just buy a brand new pump 450 raw water pump most of the issues that the boat had on the trip were small issues that did not require any parts to fix rather just some labor and diagnostics a lot of repairs are what i'd call labor only repairs wiring issues little leaks things that just need a hose clamp and a new terminal saltwater boats have this inherent issue with corroding parts everything turns to crap in salt water anybody can fix their own boat it's just a matter of taking the time to go on the internet and learn about fixing your own boat if you do this you will save a ton of money i did not keep track of the hours that i put into my boat labor-wise however i would estimate at the very least i put 250 hours worth of labor into my boat i would say the average marina charges about 100 to 120 dollars per hour for their time yeah do the math on that one my only other maintenance cost on this entire trip was one oil change that i did in west palm beach that oil change cost me 178 dollars if i were to have done this trip on a sailboat i could cut my fuel costs at least in half if not even more one totally avoidable expense that i'll call personal pleasure which includes going out to restaurants and bars and stuff like that was thirteen hundred and fifty six dollars that's what i spent total on restaurants and bars and also includes a new wetsuit that i bought in south carolina a spear pole that i bought in south carolina and some other goodies some of that 1356 dollars also includes free dockage at restaurants that we went to for example shem creek charleston south carolina or the charleston crab house thank you guys for that so we didn't go out to eat every night we also spent a lot on groceries our total grocery bill all the way down the east coast was 609.26 this was all the meals that i cooked and all the food that we ate while we were on the boat insurance the only recurring cost that i have boat related is insurance i have a plan through progressive it's 230 dollars per month and it's an agreed value of 40 000 if my boat were to get totaled crashed into a rock sunk swept away by a hurricane you name it it's covered 230 dollars a month you can't go wrong some other expenses beer we spent 130 on beer down the entire east coast all the way to miami so what did we cover the cost of the boat the cost of making this boat seaworthy the cost of the fuel the cost of dockage and mortgage advantages of anchoring the cost of groceries personal pleasure costs like going out to eat and going to bars cost of beer and the recurring expenses like insurance and any applicable maintenance costs that applied during this trip for anybody interested in traveling down the east coast or wherever by boat i'd highly recommend a taiwanese trawler if you're on a budget i posted a really interesting article on the facebook group about taiwanese trawlers their advantages disadvantages and why you may or may not want to buy one if you'd like you can check it out the link for the facebook group will be posted in the description so with that said the total amount of money that it took me to do this trip was 43 784 dollars and that includes absolutely everything that i had to pay for to make this trip happen including the price of the boat for anybody that wants to do the full boat trip i will say 50 000 is a realistic budget for buying a boat and taking it down the entire east coast if any of you are at all curious of what it takes to drive a boat from maine to florida check out my youtube series if you like the videos let's rack up the likes and hit that subscribe button as always thank you for watching you

  Top Comments:
  1. @RutherfordTony [85 likes]: Thanks for sharing all of your videos. What kind of work did you do? Just curious.
  2. @born2wander2 [1 likes]: Hey folks, I'm John from Chicagoland area. Just turned 63 & I'll be officially retired on 01/01/26. Looking at Carver Skybridge models among others. Average length of 34' . Headed out of Michigan on the ICW  south as soon as the lock & dam schedule opens. Headed for The Keys , rent a mooring ball for under $ 400.00 a month & that includes pumpout weekly , dinghy dock , showers, coin laundry , clubhouse & all amenities. This young man has singlehandedly mastered the whole scheme . I'm waiting for him to write a book. Log in all the best places for fuel , free places to dock etc... Good job my man & don't pay the haters no mind . "Because your different, because you're free . Deep down inside your everything they wish they could be"
  3. @paxwallacepiano [1 likes]: Sure with your impressive engine/electric/and ancillary systems expertise along with the fact that you are a nice guy in your 20s pursuing your dreams it's these factors that allowed you to succeed. I have produced uncanny results because I've forgotten more music theory than most musicians will ever learn but wouldn't recommend my life paths to anyone not possessing that knowledge. Very few members of your audience are actually in the position to accomplish your rather impressive feats young man. That's why your channel is blowing up!(I'm 65 btw and lived from 1999 till 2021 all over Europe making my living as a Jazz pianist composer teacher. I had one marriage, now divorced during that time)
  4. @kennyev: I want to buy my first boat,
Which is the best place to buy a good boat with best price.
  5. @robertengster5643: Gus thank you for sharing. Really honest and helpful.
  6. @thomaslabantt6625: i thought for sure you paid 150g  for that boat
  7. @JamesFrank-w4h: I'm planning a similar trip only it's Rockland Maine to Key West. I have the boat which is almost ready and estimated expenses are $18,000.00 including the boat. I did all the work myself and have done numerous boat deliveries up and down the East Coast. I'm 72 years old so this might be one of my last long trips. I've also done numerous trips up and down to Alaska over the years so I'd like to do that again also.
  8. @JoeBilello1969: I think you're a little nuts suggesting that anybody can do this, i mean how many people have almost 50 grand to do this??? You described it like it was buying a used R-V and going upstate, which would still be at least 20 grand to do it right and safely 😂😅😊
  9. @TheThingsWeShouldKeepInMind: Awesome video
  10. @marcmakes1725: Are there tips for the ladies in that $1356 misc money? LOL just kidding just kidding.
  11. @trentkiewicz21: There's a cat
  12. @sharonrusso6994: But how do you earn your money to pay for boat and trips
  13. @aaron___6014: How did he find this boat for so cheap?
  14. @Alan-n2y6l: How much was the Broward to buy?  Was it a school donation and is that the best way to buy a larger one?
  15. @nicklesueur1893: cool videos bro
  16. @jimweston3931: whoa!!  who's the kitty cat?  🙂
  17. @45searay: Great video…..
  18. @Rpotts1999: 40g's is still tough
  19. @PA96704: Awesome!
  20. @MrJonandersen: Im 70 years old.  I called it "living the dream  in the engine room".  I cleaned my 8V92 intercoolers with gasoline in the mangroves.  (I  was environmentally cautious) ..   but WHAT a mess LOL.  today, I'm a pretty  good mechanic because of my boating experience,  I did ALL of my own work, too.  I carried plenty of spare parts.  Limped into many a port.  Got scolded by the Bahamian navy for pulling into a secured area in a hurricane.  Fun to watch your trip.  F Y I.. my arms are a mess; between sun damage, old age, and engine room cuts/scrapes.  Wear long sleeves, especially in the sun.

- How Much Does It Really Cost to Boat to the Bahamas?: Kind: captions Language: en can you take a boat from Florida to the Bahamas without breaking the bank I just did it in this cheap boat from Facebook Marketplace so if you're curious about the cost and what goes into it stick around because I'm breaking down everything in this video all right let's hop right into it the Bahamas trip cost breakdown going from Florida to the Bahamas and back what did it cost what's involved let's dive right into it I got my laptop here with all my notes but my name is Brandon Gross welcome to my channel if you like boating content travel anything crazy anything water related you're in the right place so drop a like comment subscribe to the channel it helps me out in such a great way it's free to do just one little one little click helps me out so much so without further Ado let's get into it all right my trip to the Bahamas I literally knew nothing about it I knew nothing that was involved I learned everything that I needed to know from other people's YouTube videos just Googling how to go to the Bahamas how what's involved just literally learning from scratch I didn't really have anyone to help me I joined a Facebook group called The Crossing and I was trying to find people on there to go with a buddy boat because it's just pretty dangerous to go by yourself was trying my hardest to find someone to go with me and it just wasn't working out our schedules weren't lining up people didn't like the weather windows that we had so I decided just to go on on my own I mean I had friends in my boat it was four of us we went solo on my boat no buddy boats with us it was a bad idea I highly recommend against doing that we took a risk and it paid off a trip like this obviously has a million variables I can only tell you how we did it in our budget with my boat but I'm hoping that all of my numbers can give you an idea of what it might cost you in your boat or if you're looking to purchase a boat just to help give you a better idea overall of what's involved you can change the numbers around to fit whatever your lifestyle is I live on a budget most of the time so I did this as cheap as freaking possible and we're going to dive in to that budget right now all right first thing let's get into my boat it is a 1995 ralo 2440 so it's a 24t walkaround boat it does have twin Motors it's two 2007 optimax 175 Motors they drink a ton of fuel they are not very efficient my boat also has a 180 Gall fuel tank so I knew that I had the range to do it a lot of boats don't have a huge fuel tank depending on what you buy so I made sure when I bought this boat I had a very large fuel tank with my boat I could cruise at an average of about 30 mph the whole way out there and it's about 50 some miles so with my boat on a very nice day you should be able to get there around 2 hours but that was not the case for us my max speed on the boat was 42 mph and the slowest speed that we were cruising was around the low 20s just because the waves were pretty bad when we were going out there I took weather into consideration heavily but there was things I didn't understand about the weather so I hope that you guys can learn from my mistakes I was looking on the windy app it showed the maximum wave height for the day we wanted to go out there of one foot which was absolutely not the case we were fighting three to four Footers in my little 24t boat for 3 hours straight just getting absolutely beaten up waves crashing over the front of the boat the whole time we were soak and wet everything we had was soaked covered in salt water and that's because the winds were out of the North which were clashing with the Gulf stre stream that comes out of the South so those two just clashing together just made a big dumpster of messy waves for the entire ride out there but I was just looking on the weather app and it said one foot waves that to me sounded great it's my own ignorance but we still made it the first expense of the trip was my cruising permit to go to the Bahamas I did that via click to clear if you just Google click to clear the website pops up I believe boats under 31 or 32 ft it's around hundred something dollars and it like dumps up to $300 if you're over 30 some feet there's a weird cut off there but my boat being under 30 ft all the fees taxes and everything to give me my legal permission to be in the Bahamas via boat it came out to $183 I believe that that permit is good for 90 days so I think now if I go back you know within the next couple months I don't have to pay all of that again I'm sure I still have to pay some fees here and there but I don't think it's going to be 183 every time another thing to consider is parking I don't have a dock I don't have a marina I trailer my every single time so I chose to leave from hover the parking lot in Hover they charge about $16 a day you can only pay by 24-hour increments so I paid for two days there $16 each that came out to 3264 for 48 hours of parking that's only during the weekdays it jumps up to $20 a day if you're on the weekends another expense which ended up saving us a lot of money was food we spent $57 at Walmart before we even left on the trip and just packed up a bunch of stuff for sandwiches pbjs drinks and snacks just everything so we didn't have to go out to restaurants there cuz we were trying to do this as cheap as possible so $57 for food now let's get into where we stayed when we got there we went to bimy Big Game Club and we went by their winter rates which are from September 5th to March 31st and that is $3.75 per foot which came out to $90 the room itself we had a bungalow room which is a little bit more spacious it's a little bit closer to the docks we literally walked right outside the front door went right to the boat so it cost a little bit more money that room was $359 Plus fees and taxes if you get just the regular room at the Bimi big game club it's $39 just like an average hotel room type of thing I did work out a deal through the bib big game club where they were able to comp the slip and the hotel room for the four of us that went out there so that was super helpful it saved us around $449 very close to that but just keep that in mind if you're considering going there that's another expense that you will have but it was an amazing Resort none of us had cell service so we were all just using the Wi-Fi there when we got to the hotel room for a couple minutes and speaking of Wi-Fi I want to take a second to thank the sponsor of today's video surf shark surf shark is a VPN which especially nowadays is super important to have for anyone who doesn't know a VPN is just a virtual private Network that just covers all of your online activity it encrypts everything keeps all of your data all of your information safe because there are so many hackers so many scams terrible things going around these days surf shark keeps you safe during all of that and I just learned the hardest way possible literally just last week I Got a notification that somebody had spent almost $10,000 on my checking account I can only assume it's from using sketchy Wi-Fi all over the place and being completely unprotected with all my devices it is safe to say that surf shark is going to be protecting me from now on and with surf shark you can set up unlimited devices with your account so there's no worry about how many devices you can be using or protecting at one time all of your devices One account done two of my favorite things about surf shark is you can change your location virtually so if you're in another country or another state and certain websites are blocked you can change your location and have full access to all the websites that you need and the number one most important thing for me is you can experience the internet before advertising happened no ads no cookies no popups and no trackers and on top of that all of your information is safe all the time and you don't have to lose $10,000 like I may have just done I'm still disputing that by the way I'm I'm really hoping that I can get the money back I it's not looking good so far but go to Surf shark.com brand Andross you can enjoy four extra months on top of your yearly subscription with surf shark and now that all of you guys are protected let's buckle up and get into the biggest expense of the Bahamas trip and you know dang right it's fuel all right obviously fuel is going to be the most expensive cost on my trip at least and it's going to be a lot less than most people because I only have a 24t boat it's pretty small to make the crossing I filled up the full 180 gallons before we left when we came back I refilled it again I filled up 95 gallons when I brought it back here to the gas station near my house at $383 a gallon that was a total of $363 198 but my fuel gauge was a little gonky while we were in the Bahamas and and I was kind of worried if we were going to have enough fuel to make it home so I did put in fuel while we were in the Bahamas and that was a whopping $640 a gallon for ethanol free gas in bimin in the Bahamas I put 20 gallons in that was $128 they have some extra 5% fee on top of the fuel cost there I'm not quite sure exactly what it is so all in all we used 115 gallons for a total of $91.99 if I would have known that I had enough fuel to make it back and didn't fill up in bimy and would have got that extra 20 gallons when I got home that would have saved me another $514 so around $450 to $500 for my boat to go to bimy and back all in all it was 54 mi from the hover boat ramp to bimy big game club we did another 45 Mi all around bimy just cruising around and checking out locations and then another 54 miles all the way back to the boat ramp that means our total trip was 155 mil Giver take a couple miles and that put my boat at an average of 1.35 m per gallon which yes is awful granted we were cruising fast the entire time we weren't ever really putting that really makes me want to get some nice new four-stroke Motors on this boat upgrade to some Suzukis anything honestly is going to be more fuel efficient than these optimax motors so with all of the fuel the dockage the hotel the parking and the cruising permit and the food that brings our grand total for a two-day one night trip to the Bahamas on my 24t ralo to $1,180 98 I'm not sure if that's good or bad I don't really think you can do it in much less of a budget with my size boat that's basically as cheap as it can be I did include the hotel even though we did have that comp I just wanted to give realistic numbers so hopefully this helps you out gives you a little bit of a better idea of what really goes into it and how much it could cost you based on my size boat obviously people go in a lot bigger boats all the time a lot smaller boats all the time people do it in jet skis every year they even have people that paddle board the 54 miles over to bimin so it can be done on a lot of different budgets in a lot of different ways but what I think the number one most important thing that I learned about this whole trip is the we weather weather weather weather weather is the absolute most important thing you can't go by the wave heights like they say you really have to take in consideration the wind direction the swell Direction all that stuff but the weather is the absolute number one most important thing it is so freaking dangerous out there once you get out there and lose cell service a few miles offshore from Miami you're on your own you could be stuck out there for days if no one knows you're there if you don't have the proper safety equipment I made sure I had every single piece of safety equipment we needed the one thing I think I might invest in is a true legitimate satellite phone that would be crucial to have out there I know the new iPhones are satellite phones but I don't really want to rely on that I want something dedicated to rescue us as well as possibly maybe like a little life draft like a little emergency life draft or something I feel like I can probably find something on Amazon but once you get out there and you can't see land in either Direction that's when it really starts to hit you and reality sets in where you're on your own out there people are probably going to come help you if they know that you're even stuck if you can get any sort of signal out to somebody I don't know I'm rambling it's dangerous out there if you are playing planning on making the crossing be as safe as possible do as much research as possible don't do what I did I did it in a stupid way I'm not afraid to admit it be prepared watch the weather get ready to spend a lot of money on fuel and everything else and get out there and enjoy the bright blue water of the Bahamas because it was absolutely incredible it was super worth it I'm already planning my next trip back there I mean just look at these clips from the Bahamas and the short 36 hours that we had there it was absolutely gorgeous it was better than I even imagined it would be and I am so excited to go back highly highly highly recommend and and in the future I'm hoping to get to some farther islands in the Bahamas but that's a whole another can of worms to get into hopefully that'll be in a video in the future but thank you guys for watching I appreciate you all thank you for the support please drop a like a comment and just subscribe to my channel it helps out more than you know it's free to do just a little tap little click and just helps me thank you guys so much also I do have merch if you guys are interested in supporting the channel That way this is one of my hoodies on the back it has all of the mean comments from my first couple boat videos where I was getting a lot of hate and I figured why not turn the hate into something positive throw it on a shirt and then also the Superstition of bringing bananas on a boat I bring bananas on the boat all the time and that's why I made this little hat with a devious banana driving the boat stick around enjoy some more clips from the Bahamas follow along on my channel if you love boating content thank you all I love you for watching this video you specifically yes you I will see you guys for the next one thank you [Music] w oh

  Top Comments:
  1. @chrisao1987 [15 likes]: They just raised the cost! So, going to the Bahamas has came to an end for most. Went from $150 to $500. With only having 30 days to use your reentry. After 30 days you have to pay another $500 to go back. They really don’t want anyone in their waters it looks like. Looks like you can pay$1500 and get unlimited entries which only makes sense.
  2. @BrandonGross [3 likes]: Go to https://surfshark.com/brandongross for 4 extra months of Surfshark.

Thank you guys for watching and for all the support on my channel!
  3. @JohnSmith-jt8dj: Not anymore it's absolutely insane of the cost in 2026.
  4. @rd2_9000: Fuel
  5. @TheHandyCaptain1: Dude, what kind of fuel tanks do you have?  You don't want to put gas station fuel into your boat, it has ethanol and will eat you tank
  6. @JaxsonCoffey: When I grow up I'm thinking about getting one for these two bost a contender 44st or a contender 39st
  7. @gregoryjohnson1719: Paddle board is crazy
  8. @MM-xk6tf: all these other countries tax the shit out of tourist and importers.
  9. @hectorruiz1291: Do you have to go through customs again when you come back into Florida?
  10. @Patrick-yh5yd: Take the boat to Bahamas. Fish nonstop. Catch more than allowed. Then sail home never touching the islands themselves
  11. @crystalclearwindowsllc: invest in starlink
  12. @BryantHairstonHFL: I’m new to the boat life….if your trailering your boat to Florida to do this trip I would assume there is a cost to park your truck and trailer while your gone? And I would assume there is good and bad areas for this?
  13. @HansFoosball-m1m: Portable ELT for safety.... or EPIRB (Emergency Position Indicating Radiobeacon)
  14. @BrokePhilanthropist: July change will destroy the area.
  15. @johndavid6284: Can I ask you a serious question and this is also for anyone who can comment on a better way to stay there for less than $350 per night. How did you get it? “comped“? I really don’t mind spending some time and money in the casino if that’s the only way. But most of these places require payment upon booking upfront any help would be greatly appreciated on this. We’d really like to stay at Bimini Big game club or the Hilton there since they have direct dock access. Thank you again.
  16. @blaneyphotonyc: Seems like ok $$ split 4 ways
  17. @LivingOnCash: I think the new fees are going to be detrimental to a lot of people wanting to go there. They've bumped them up way too high. Maybe they should have a lower rate for pleasure craft vs commercial vessels.
  18. @akllera: These prices will be changing big time with the new fees for entering Bahamas plus separate fishing permit, and new AIS rule.  Many boaters are not going to be happy.
  19. @auntiestonks3806: Don’t forget your insurance cost
  20. @markduncan6690: Just the Facts!💵💵💵💵💵

- Miami Yacht Show to open in its new location: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] [Applause]

- How Things Have Changed in the Miami Boat Show  R: Kind: captions Language: en What? >> You're the driver of this boat? >> Of course. Over here. >> Take a picture of yourself there. Yeah. >> Can you buy me one of these, please? >> Sure. Take two. Wow. Get next to the people. See how big the engines are. Look at the engines. They're humongous. >> [music] [music] >> And here we go with the rewind show. And we've taken you guys back back into time. Taking you back into the year of 2018 where the Miami boat show got relocated [music] to Kibiscane. And for those that don't know, this year's boat show is on February 11th through the 16th. And you can find me on Saturday on the Reliable Suzuki booth. [music] >> What's up? 2018 B show. Having a good time here with Fresco channel. >> Well, we're waiting about another 20 minutes on the checkpoint and yeah, we finally made it in. So, let's uh look around uh and see what we can find. And actually, this boat here caught my eye because it was pretty uh weird shaped, but it looked pretty comfortable. Um, I mean, I wouldn't buy this type of boat, but I decided to go ahead and show you guys because um it looked unique. You're the driver of this boat, >> of course. >> Yes. >> Okay, let's take a look at this 36 ft uh center console uh glass stream. And uh it must go pretty fast because uh it was powered by triple 400 mercs. So, I mean, it really caught my eye. So, let's take a look at Sorry guys. Uh, I didn't find a salesman, so I couldn't find out what was the top speed of the boat in the cruise. So, let's keep looking around. Okay, let's take a look at this. This is the new Scarab 302. If you guys are familiar with Scarab, they're well known for the speed hall that they they stopped making in 2002, I think. So, this is the new redesigned hall. So, let's take a look at it and tell me what you guys think. >> We should have got this instead of >> Oh, yeah. Oh, lot of >> Yeah. >> Yeah. These are all lighted. You got your bait station right in the middle there. >> Check this out. >> Oh, that's cool. Fish. >> I like this. >> Yeah. Plenty of space. Walk around. It's got all the uh the slipper piston mechanical uh thing solid, man. You know the way these things are built. This is pretty white. >> Yeah. That's cool. >> Check out that right there. >> How about that? Yeah. You see the inside? >> Oh, that's nice. picture. I take a picture of myself right here. >> Take a picture of yourself over there. >> Yeah, >> that's pretty nice. >> Look, look what's nice. You got three different steps for different height >> or if you're leaning cuz this has the lean feature, you know, we do a lot of like recreational fishing, >> right? But what's nice about this boat is that >> Oh, I like this. >> Oh, check this out. This is cool. Oh, cooler. >> Yeah, you would think, okay, that's going to be too heavy, but you see how solid this thing is. I mean, it's not going to go anywhere. >> Oh, the tray is pretty strong. >> Yeah. So, you get your drinks out, >> Wow. Oh, electric. >> From the front. >> She's She's my winless now. >> Yeah, but that's it. That's what I need. Yeah, >> she's my winless now. That was good, though. All the storage even deep storage for things you're not going to use as often. >> See how wellcraft finishes everything. >> I think it's right here. >> You guys both go over there. Go that side. >> I'll open so you can see. >> One of the nice things is look at the top. This comes out so you don't hit your head when you go down. >> Wow. >> You see that? >> Wow. That's pretty nice down there. >> Yeah, that's nice. >> Look what we found at the Marine 7 display. Let's take a look at this beautiful monster. I would love one day to have uh two of them on my boat, but uh I think of the price correctly. I think they're $70,000 each. I can't handle that right now. Okay, it's time to go outside and catch some sun and see what they have this place out here. >> Benny Owen. >> Benny Owen from where? North Carolina. You said >> South Carolina. >> Oh, South Carolina. >> Yeah, that's far. That's good. >> Everything's different here where I live, but I watch the sandbar and all the stuff that I didn't know about. Oh, for real? >> I watch that. >> Yeah. Yeah. And uh Yeah. I mean, it's a lot of activities to do here. >> Yes. A lot. >> It's fun. A >> lot different. Nice meeting you. >> Likewise. Nice meeting you. Nice meeting you. Take care. >> It's always a good feeling meeting new people and those people that came up to me on the show and said hi. Um nice to meet you and I'm glad you guys enjoy the videos. And right now, we're going to walk over to the web docks and see what they have. And like you guys could see, there's a lot of boats here on display. It's uh it's amazing how they they built this place here. [music] I mean, I don't know how long it takes them, but this is all, you know, built just for the show and then took it apart afterwards. Okay. And who says you can't dream [music] while you're awake? We're going to go ahead and take a look at this 80 foot yacht. >> This all I need. >> That's all you need? >> Wow. Wow. This is I like for breakfast. >> What do I want for purchase? Oh, I got almost a full size refrigerator. >> Actually, let's have somebody else cook. >> I like this one. >> Well, has a door right here. >> Just just >> It's a monster. Oh my god. >> What's down there? Oh, >> it's three bed. What is this bathroom down here, >> boy? >> Oh my god. >> Oh, this is the master. >> Oh my god. Can you buy me one of these, please? >> Sure. Take two. [snorts] Wow. This is like a hotel. >> This is super nice. >> We can only drink. [snorts] Where's the bathroom? >> TV. >> Right here. [clears throat] >> Wow. This is >> It's a full size toilet. >> And this is Oh, this is a little room. >> Very nice. Yeah. for the kids. >> Wow. Was there a closet? >> Yeah, there's a closet. Wow. This is like a a dream. [snorts] And there's another There's like another master up here. >> Wow. Look at the Look at the Oops. Look at the Sorry. >> Wow. Look at It's like a semi master. >> You know what I like? It has a lot of windows. >> I like it has a lot of windows, too. Look outside. Wow. >> For all your storage needs. >> All my storage needs. >> All the tequila bottles. >> Look at the bathroom. >> Mom. >> Wow. Look at that sink. >> Let me see. Let me see. Let me Let me imagine. Let me Let me just see. Come down here. >> Look. Mom. Oh, no problem. Me to be on this boat, right? >> No, friend. Fran, we the whole family did come off this boat. >> Oh, yeah. Once you see the room down >> Maybe they should be speech right now. >> This is this the best like divided one I ever say. >> Wow. This is gorgeous. >> I love these windows. >> That's the best part I like about those. All the windows. No. All the is the AC. Get a get see how much dark see how much it is. Just curious. Oh, it has a second floor. Oh, there's a second floor. >> Ouch. >> I guess need to be a little bit bigger. Wow. Look at this. It's like a sun thing. Look at this thing. >> Then you can drive from up here. >> The entertainment area. >> The bottles. >> Okay. >> I don't know, but I'm going to check it out. the engine room. >> Oh no. This is the g the the workers. This is the ma maid's quarter. >> I can hear me. >> Look at this. Oh, look at the engine room. Oh my god. This is crazy. Look at the engine room. Get next. People see how big the engines are. Look at the engines. Wow. This thing is crazy. >> Here. >> You want We'll take We'll We'll take the back of the boat. We'll buy the back of the boat. >> Yo, this is crazy. Yeah.

  Top Comments:
  1. @jsp5407 [2 likes]: Big mommas ! Very beautiful natural beauty woman
  2. @MAXMFGENERALCONTRACTING [1 likes]: You and the Mrs. Need a midnight express. lol😂
  3. @tedshantz6193: y is that women always poseing
  4. @armandplaisancejr8937: Fresco thanks again for another awesome video I think that Olguita should become a model because she is a natural.
  5. @dougcampbell740: You guys are great together, you're always out doing something fun together.  Good for you two!!! 😊
  6. @seanrhone5306: For 15 years my father and I went to the Miami boat show every year. Last time was in 2018, and I just didn't like the changes they made.
  7. @johndrake5028: Look at the engines. They're humongous. That's what she said😂❤

- Miami Boat Show 2025: Kind: captions Language: en what's going on guys welcome back to the channel it's your boy Danny we are back for the Miami Boat Show for 2025 this is a huge event we're going to have to come multiple days uh I'm going to keep these intros short so we can just get started let's start off on the outside just cuz it's going to get roasty out here there are going to be sections where I'm going to have to turn off the music or the the sound on the video and add some music guys cuz we cannot be copyrighted so oh [Music] [Applause] pap wow n m little boat look at this thing wow 500 this thing's got a freaking rip boss what kind of speeds are you getting with the 500 R 91 damn jeez 91 guys sheesh check them out guys absolutely killing it wow so this is the beautiful Miami Beach Convention Center I think I've said it a couple times they redid it a couple years ago it's absolutely beautiful super modern and this would be like their outdoor area so guys a lot of the uh people here are either purchasing or they're vendors or workers for the boat show not a lot of people come that's why I like to come on these days during the week most people are working we get to see things a lot a lot more personal a lot closer without all the the crowds look at this little thing this is such a cool little boat Aeron this thing is super cool a little riverbat amazing High field nice tender four wins this thing is pretty cool guess you can tell this behind the boat what the heck a hcraft that's not something you see every day how's it going wow it's pretty badass air slide look how nice this freaking these things are pretty sweet plastic fried dogs low maintenance man this is amazing oh these are beautiful these are the exore electric boats man so pretty with the cork interior we filmed these before but we'll take a quick look at it look how pretty this is Eric's a great guy he's a great partner he's he's smart he wants he wants everyone to win really nice boat guys definitely one of the big leaders in the uh electric boat industry dude this thing is beautiful 100% electric how cool is this just perfect for the inter Coastal that's an axle car looks like they out rigged it with the uh electric electric outboard which is honestly looking pretty cool pretty badass 180 pretty cool guys let's check out the interior on the other one this is amazing look at this guys that is beautiful would love that just got a free shirt from the Chevrolet Booth got some pretty sweet trucks out here let's go check out some of the racing in board stuff this is always nice hard Marine love this stuff man bra one r part so you could ever want steering wheels D look at this this an LS sick got some sweet golf carts here we're not here for none of that we're here for the boats a scout up there damn yeah we got to take some pictures of this thing M cot the TN on the 350s yeah right Florida is a great place to start damn this that rap is beautiful very very nice guys this boat's got to ride like a dream the cats have really blown up really blown up man huge market for them I think Freeman were the the leaders in the market but everybody's catching up guys we are in 2025 Miami Boat Show the Miami Beach Convention Center let's start off with the Mercury Booth guys hitting everybody's hitting hard with the electric Outboards want to push it listen if they can get the technology down so you can get at least I don't know 50% of the uh range M for it man that's pollution 1550 this thing is so badass man say M6 going to have to come back get some apparel E 350 this are like saltwater series it's like a work boat doing any kind of fishing any kind of chartering these are probably the ones you're going to want to buy it's pretty cool let's go look at the racing motors I think they just brought out uh a couple smaller sper Motors we at Big Boys 400s these are the ones I want it to see damn so badass the 150 and the 200 R Che the SP bothy sixes love it man Mercury always kicking everybody's ass this monster this thing is always impressive fig so we know how to make it we got the Suzuki boo not sure what kind of changes they've made but I am digging the block looks more modern pretty amazing there you go guys Suzuki Booth all the Y Motors at this thing hydren how's it going boss that's pretty cool can't beat Yamaha reliability this is pretty cool no one ever tells me that that's so awesome D look at the color on this one it's badass good for like a back country back country guy that's bad ass guys so we're looking at oh look at the the G Force twins this is for this is super cool man here these ones here are for mounting you you uh let's check out the Honda move oh looks like Honda's do some crazy low financing 2.9 this thing's a beast 350 love that it's a V8 man Honda's been known to make some pretty amazing V8s all those Motors in general are spectacular let's check on some of the smaller stuff everybody always wants to look at the big stuff the crazy horsepower stuff but we're going to do everything here you know tiller guys matter he I'll take care of you guys don't worry look at this thing this is Tiny that's awesome perfect for a little John boo cool look at that control setups M Soul never heard of this brand looks like they're buing some pretty pretty badass bullets man look at this thing a 300 this thing's got a h ass we my seaox let's check these guys out I already know I'm a big fan of these damn this thing's beautiful 234 so 282 l see this is a good looking bat I love it bro 288 let's check this one damn this thing is sick we got interior 248 this one's pretty simple looks like a good fishing boat pricing 328 this a big boy damn look at these Yamaha painted in the gray that looks freaking amazing how cool is that wow pretty a good job 32 honestly not bad good and then last year took 14 that was seaox guys this is Bennington damn this is pretty dude holy smokes look at this bow guys this is actually really nice damn this thing's got a boogie too wow look at this thing guys wow freaking Beast dude let's see 400k th horow max power wow man these guys are killing you never thought I would say I'd be like damn look at this one this one looks like a freaking awesome Martin holy smokes let's check this thing out D this interior is beautiful really looks like a sports car let's check out the pricing on this one it's a little bit smaller than the one this one is 102 not bad jeez should we go directly to Boston yes we should definitely we definitely should are you man let's get up here 3 65 38 no 365 Conquest little bit packed inside guys so I'm not going to be able to get in there but maybe we could do this one damn this thing's a beast this is a 405 Conquest guys Boston wher man never disappoints these people are amazing gra oh my goodness look at the size of these screens look like a freaking TV dude let me see if I could get you guys like a like a perspective man jeez this is a monster let's check this thing out inside dude this is amazing what a pretty boat nice little bed a lot of storage man it's impressive let's check out the head oh my goodness this thing is gorgeous absolutely beautiful man this thing is stunning St go guys amazing guys absolutely amazing let's go check out some more let's check out the other side take take off my shoes up here Conquest 240 Vantage 280 these are like B Riders oh my goodness this thing is gorgeous 350 cc to 360 oh my goodness this is look at those seats wow absolutely amazing absolutely dude this thing's got a full-blown little room in here look how pretty that is wow man ausome waer spectacular man look at that monster over there sh oh they got the little monot talk it's probably my favorite one I'm just kidding this thing's a beast I kind of like this one you can still fish on this thing very pretty man very very pretty here grandchild yeah 13 Super Sport it guys 420 you finished getting 1 this thing is amazing saw this one at the uh Keys the island boat show down in the Keys guys we got the Ed water displays not a big fan of this way they closed everything off i p this up yeah you your ass for got to see these all right we're doing Mahala right now how's it going my look at that woodwork guys absolutely so sow D this is so pretty look at the fishing deck you got here this is pretty cool like a textured finish on the lid look how Simple and Clean everything is in this bow guys there's a lot of people here so we're going to keep on moving a lot of stuff to see heading to CV guys heading to CV check out some of the big boys there a 370Z 400 340z what a beast let's go inside this one so what do they do so what do they do with the taxes look at the finishing work guys everything on this Bo is perfect I thing about these boats is like the finishing and it's still fishable guys look at this thing ton of space everything works everything's functional it's amazing man those are some monsters look at that second station let's go check out that uh 270z how's it going boss good how you doing look at the deing on this thing bro sheesh could fish on any part of this it's got to be the 32 let's see you guys this Quad 500 what a freaking monster 420z oh this is wow looks a lot bigger this is their 32 might as well roll into Everglade got some really pretty stuff 354 $300 a month 285 these B definitely are nice man damn this one's a steal $6,000 a month 800 let's check this one out inside this one this thing is wow pretty amazing four grand for 33 to meet you I see I got Rob botle guys 4.9 APR for 60 months let's check these out 226 came in oh damn this is nice I don't think I've ever seen this one seen the other one the bigger one this is beautiful 90,000 look at that not bad guys the 246 is 130 it's pretty 164 dual console let's check let's get on this 226 came cu honestly this thing is beautiful this is great check out the both bolts at the same time actually what a great Bowl guys look at this lots of fishing deck nice let's go check on some of them bigger BTS this Stealers Bob Hughes I like that guys they got some great pricing on these things this thing's pretty man what is 360 w 00,000 dude this thing is amazing that is a good idea 30 footer not bad 267 guys we have Grady White already know these guys are top tier for me some of the best of the best wow this thing is pretty 231 Coastal Explorer never seen this one what 139,000 okay we're checking it out this is a freaking amazing boat man getting them big boy big bat quality in uh center console man this thing is beautiful holy smokes this is beautiful guys look at this this is this is like actual hard acrylic you know usually you get like a little little cloth that's why telling you man when you when you buy these Brands like there's no second guessing what you're going to buy man your money's there and the quality the quality shows amazing look at this monster Freedom $849,000 snap we got head right there oh my goodness guys look at this come on this is beautiful absolutely beautiful man I got to see the beam on this thing it's insane got like a full-blown kitchen freezer drawers coolers everywhere my goodness this is wow this is like a little room little lounger you got your panel see what's in here full head amazing absolutely amazing guys look at this Amy B show full effect amazing I love coming to these shows look at the work the finishing work on this thing 1.9 let's check it out this is a four 45 insane it's got to be like a freaking 13 foot beam or something 12 foot beam in this thing this is insane oh my goodness this step inside wow this is a roomy boat guys big roomy boat bathroom is beautiful look at that sink textured sink super nice wow I love this so little details uh separates the regular guys from the top look at the size of this boat guys smokes sheesh guys this is gry white we can't get on all of them man we don't have enough time during the day to do this have to be here multiple days hello we have chiss craft some of the prettiest bats ever 249 pretty look at the LED lights on the top 25 188 guys but look at this this is the the kind of things that get on and off the boat without you know being worried about the let's check this one out this one's really pretty know what model is this Catalina 394 guys look at the Interiors it's absolutely gorgeous my goodness look at the system on the boat man look at the stitching this is perfection guys these guys have been around for a reason man absolutely beautiful this thing's incredible yeah yo who who did the embroidering for you guys it's like in insane very rare sheesh amazing amazing guys see 78 launch 31 GT let's check this one out really quick go crazy looking at all these things I love those speak enclosures or covers they look beautiful my goodness guys look at this Bol I like this table folding way opens up a lot of space cool little fridge oh man this is beautiful guys we're at contender let's go check them out they have some badass machines and we got C too I think we went in the wrong way I have to sneak in sneak in around here shees look at this one I think this is our new25 Bay oh oh no 23 Bay T obviously super simple it's a great hul great for fishing oh 5,000 lb not bad let's check out this one number 44 see that up there holy smokes guys look at this thing look at this bench wow this is a freaking fishing boat man you can see three people in this thing right now just right there in that that coffin pot smokes the store great white in there absolutely amazing oh my goodness gets better full-blown Kitchen in here wow insane got your control system right here very nice let's check in wow guys this is the 44 and it's oh we got two seeke keepers wow oh wow absolutely insane it's not just you guys 29 B this thing is badass 26 B be really nice if I was working in the water yeah it would got Pursuit another amazing bolt manufacturer most importantly right there American M guys just like Contender he Hunter and CV all may here in the US guys lot of people going with the dual consoles now guys the pursuit Booth was a little bit too tight so we're coming to C is moving on WE filmed a couple Pursuits at the other OT show anyways so it should be good wow 285 these are some of my favorite boats gorgeous I love their hul designs they have some of the nicest Interiors that's a pretty look at this beauty guys Master 26 this is their 28 209,000 guys but they are pretty man and they are fishing bolts they're not just pretty bolts plenty of fishing deck oh my goodness this thing is absolutely wow absolutely beautiful let's get on this thing is this pretty or what guys sheesh hopefully we don't get cooperated this thing is a beast guys 44 twin VB guys absolutely freaking insane that's C is for you guys pass by the black F they can do it black fin 262 apparently this is a new model they make I love it man what a beauty he got the good old Dusky viio ons maybe the C this D looks really good man freaking massive freaking trolling motor on that thing 59 years in business guys they've been here for a long time for a reason looks like they're trying trying to modernize themselves a bit damn this thing looks really good just get the finishing work outstanding how's it going boss good how youing thing's pretty beautiful let's check out the sailfish then we'll hop over to Intrepid 2024 boat of the Year cool how's it going boss how you doing this thing's super nice it's saw like 109,000 pricing is great see how much this one is Vol show price 309 for a 31 it's a pretty boat 199 not bad man we got the seos 289 for a 32 wait 2 and 350s guys that's a freaking hell of a price I'm sink this is beautiful man this is a lot of boat for 289 a lot of B guys very very nice interior lot of options very pretty wow full head full head guys it's got a lot of space dude not a head room could get in there without having to SC Crouch down zil see how much this little one is o you already know guys SE Hunter bad ass boats looks like a 208 Florian right here amaz I don't really like their layout but I do like seah Hunter so guess we'll get on their big boat started damn at this thing oh man come on killing me how beautiful is this bow guys what a beast I always show you guys their hatches beautiful carbon fiber all of them these guys don't mess around man look at the inserts on these things you got the nice wood and then you got the freaking carbon fiber man telling you guys SE Hunter is is beast mode not the best Booth layout this year but hey we do what we can oh boy we got a lot of stuff to see guys hang in there oh hi can I get on board okay what size is this huh what size 51 51 are you guys like the biggest bow here yeah nice this thing is insane wow absolutely insane 50 one feet [Laughter] she it's insane trash gun wow dude this is insane thought this was like dual dual seating that it's just the front part is lifted up absolutely insane damn andreid is uh spectacular full-blown kitchen look at the head look at that head guys we've seen some pretty big bolts but they didn't have a shower like that separated you're pooping and showering in the same spot so go Intrepid man very nice wow I think they put storage in this and the steps which is pretty cool pretty freaking cool guys wow spectacular 51p guys hello what's the beam on this excuse me the beam the be 14 14 thank you you're welcome wow got regulator this guys have done a really nice job let's check out these boots what are we looking at pricewise 220 for a 26 I love that folding sheet system in back 35 let check this guy just looks so clean like a classic Criss craft or something not Criss craft oh the other brand very nice B man let's keep it moving guys holy SM got to get on these voice 1.1 holy crap this is beautiful 2.5 49% for 36 months damn this is so nice man look at all the lighting so sick wow I love all that this thing's got to have like a cabin inside somewhere I think oh yeah definitely you got in there got open this up here somewhere holy smokes that is beautiful wow guys look at look at the woodwork can we open this up okay we're going down here cuz this thing is freaking stunning man come on guys look at this this is so guys absolutely insane that was a 380 let's check out this one same thing oh this is a 40 foot damn this one's even bigger let's see if the Leo know a little bit different goodness insane guys look at the amount of space in here it's pretty cool you got a window there and then you got the little little privacy screen this is gorgeous man absolutely insane guys microwave sink kitchen indoor and outdoor kitchen wow formula is insane I love the TVs everywhere amazing great job these are them from the outside this is the 387 let's check out these excuse me2 tell you some of these sales guys I don't know how they get through day I don't even know how to greet people nowadays beautiful look at those Interiors man the upholster is insane oh my God how did I miss this is this pretty or what wow full blown head in there wow guys formula eight trying to film as much as I can for you guys so what year did we start amazing that's for me though Jesus look at these I feel at home here I feel at home I feel at home here I I I feel at home here I feel like home I feel like home here I feel like home home I feel like home here I feel like home a yeah I feel like here feel I feel like I'm here I feel I feel like home feel thing guys honestly this spectacular guys wow put my phone away that that right there to me by far the nicest interior I've seen in a boat absolutely insane a oh good this cat guys e so come give me come give me me come give me come give me let's check out axle Park I love these little boats too they're not little but I love these boats sorry messed up his picture look how nice this thing is this is their 37 cross cabin how amazing is this man sling areas incredible 149 this is a freaking nice boat man it's a hell of a good price W let's check out the one with the little cabin in it this one's 199 absolutely beautiful man 379 look at this thing beautiful this thing is slick 86 Grand what 250 on it wow dude this thing is badass this thing looks crazy oo it's a big boy regulator right there oh what is this this is crazy Forest River a freaking ramp slide this thing is badass dude can the all damn this one's cool all black 42 see get feel beautiful let me take my shoes off we get in this one digging the gray and the black this is a fishing boat by like hardcore fishing boat sick as hell guys yellow fin let's go look at some of their think is badass 24 carbon and meat yeah this is beautiful let's check off some of the other ones by the front e their 31 custom is like one of my favorite bullets I think it's this one right here so so nice man we got 38 foot 664 guys amazing 108 for the 23 man freaking beautiful water this year and I ran the one the water last year spectacular bat man I love the design man appreciate it man this is a 31 custom guys from Tide Water this was like one of my favorite boats honestly just love how big it is and how low it is you know guys this is a fishing boat how comfortable is this look at this this is about knee high this is amazing amazing it still has a ton of seating it has a ton of fishing deck does everything amazing guys amazing boat I have a couple couple co-workers who bought their tie Waters and they're absolutely in love with them guys this is Scout I wonder they have the new 67 down here jeez M do you guys have the 67 down here no just 53 the 67 would be a Palm Beach at Palm Beach cool thanks man appreciate it Scout guys look at these monsters Mii Boat Show never disappoints it will be at Palm Beach for sure I definitely want to see that 67 damn look at this interior guys Lord that is beautiful this thing is a monster's go on this side this is a 530 I hope you guys are able to pick up the texture on that that is so pretty my goodness Mercedes I wonder if mercedesbenz was just na it's actually really nice no three start off the inside of this thing ni all right any questions just looking right thank you I appreciate that all right from Columbus originally y well I'm here I live in the keys full time now but oh no kid I'll be D let me get your information stop by hot to is pretty cool damn we got the colas Cal is definitely nice man what's your price 204 this is their 33 very nice 554 what you're looking at for the 33 you know I never did ask you last night R thank you phom holy crap these are beautiful I think we saw these last time 1.5 this one had like a really pretty I knew it yeah I think we saw this one last time spectacular man how pretty is this let's go on the other side see if we can get on these 9:05 these bols are beautiful St this is so man let's see this thing has a cabin in it not a cabin a little little head area oh yeah very pretty dude the amount of storage this thing has is insane guys look how far down that thing goes wow I'm definitely going to have to buy another battery this the first time I filmed to the point where the camera is about to die after using the um the extra battery so lot of coverage this year guys lots of nice stuff this is a 2400 TRS very pretty a while was see the pricing on this one 166 these things have really come down man wow look at the look at this one like days in Category 5 That was supposed to come towards us C you guys ring 450 182 for the 27 love this freaking boat 93 for the red Fisher 21 man look at this B last machine bro this is a fishing boat guys red Fisher 21 love it look at the Mavericks 70k for their 18 it's a big 18 150 making round I love the sker bols Bro Sports man I just like logo bols for whatever reason this look Sleek look like they hul ass I don't see any pricing on these 161k I give you my card check out some of the pricing on this one 114 for 23 it's not bad guys not bad at all these have always been phenomenal like priced bolt C this thing is nice I'm sure it's priced pretty well HF dude this thing is so nice man oh they do have pricing I didn't see it sorry 93,000 let's see the size this is I don't see those size 23 this one's pretty big see the pricing on this one 35 this thing's a beast so 30 that's 230 see if I can find some some pricing on the 26 this is a really nice 73,000 guys hello think this is guys 73,000 for the 26 this is by far best the best price for a 26 foot bat wow C chaser what dealer is this guys that's a wrap for the Miami Boo for 2025 the convention center we walked around pretty much around the whole thing I was not able to do the accessories but you know we really mostly come here to do the bolts that's what everybody really wants to see we covered most of the brands we ran the camera all the way to the to the red it's it died on me I'm using the action 4 right now just to finish up the video but uh definitely going to buy some more battery packs and uh buy some bigger cards an extra card because we ran out of space already the SD card is completely full and the batteries drained so I think it was a a successful day and uh we had a great time a lot of cool people at the show a lot of great boats everybody stepped up their game so I hope you guys are enjoying the channel guys don't forget to like And subscribe thanks

  Top Comments:
  1. @JaviVibes [8 likes]: What a great video!!! I didnt make it to show but thanks to you brother i get to see it completely
  2. @youssefhafsi5384 [2 likes]: u can buy a sportfishing yacht  like riviera with these prices. crazy expensive for such boats.
  3. @Wolfie387 [2 likes]: The USA manufactures some great looking outboard offshore motor boats. Real beauties, I wouldn't mind getting my hands on a 2nd-hand Robalo or a Pro Line 22-29 ft twin motor CC/Walk Around. Bring it back to Scotland and cruise around the Lochs and Isles of the Inner and Outer Hebrides (The West Highland Coast).
  4. @nicokyriak [1 likes]: Excellent boats. These SEA KITCHENS are amazing for lakes.
  5. @robertstancer4469 [1 likes]: A view from the UK. I enjoyed the walk but i gotta tell ya centre consuls with 2000hp on the back ain't the culture over here. You'd be lucky to sel one. Why?....easy, the bloody weather we get 'ere. Try to visualise doing Haulover inlet at 45degF. Nope, definitely NOT in your speedos.
  6. @davejzielinski: Damn right those pesky crowds!

Pheasants!
  7. @tyb3938: Very light traffic this year
  8. @patrickpeterson500: You seen it to 670 Scot one  I couldn't believe it made one not big and six hundreds on it too
  9. @Fishing415: Can you record the 2025 grady white fisherman 257
  10. @skullhart: American Gulf Fishing Company 😂

- Miami Boat Show 2026 (Full Walkthrough + Prices): Kind: captions Language: en Hello my beautiful people. Today I'm at the 2026 Miami International Boat Show and I'm going to take you along just like you're my best friend. So come on, let's go. >> Like a little bit of sea duck. We Right. >> You got to pull it this You can lay all the way down. >> Great. >> Fantastic. It's so pretentious. And I'm just like I I'd rather just go to Jackal Island at the Weston. Yeah, we were just down there. How do you think up their nose to me. But it's like Awesome. When we get Hello. >> Hi. How are you? >> Can I Can I go inside? >> Yes. Uh, do you use your boat around Florida? >> Yes. >> What part? Uh, North Miami Beach. >> Okay. This is for you. >> Thank you. >> The sales associates know your region. >> Oh, okay. My color. >> Yeah. >> You're welcome. >> Can I go on the boats? >> They always are. You'll find one every now and then in a marina and things like that. Yeah, it's pretty. It's great. >> Yeah, I bet it was a nice mountain. >> I miss it. >> I saw one last weekend. I live. $100. It's all >> you doing today. >> Welcome. >> Hello. How are you? >> Good. How are you doing? Is there anything uh we could do to help you out today? >> Uh just looking around. These things are so nice. >> Yes. Yes, they are. >> So down here, >> what's what's in here? >> So you have the birth. So if you open up this hatch here. >> Oh, >> full air conditioned birth on the right hand side. And then on our left, fully air conditioned head. >> Oh, okay. So that's a the restroom's over here. >> Yes, sir. >> Oh, and then the bedroom's over there. >> The bedroom's on this side. They try to separate a little bit a little. It's good. Good idea. Good idea. >> Awkward if I was using the restroom and you were trying to take a nap. So, >> wow. This is Yeah. Yeah. It's good idea. It's very uh well thought out. >> And I didn't even see the rooms in there. >> They they put it in a very nice spot, so notices there doesn't feel bulky. >> Wow. It's very nice. >> Is this uh is this a new boat? >> So, this is the one we're standing on is a 2025. >> 2025. Oh, yeah. It's new. Yeah. So, it is this specifically is new, but they are releasing our 2026s here shortly. Um >> Oh, okay. >> Yeah. So, it's I mean >> great deal on this one today. >> Oh, yeah. That's what I was thinking. Yeah. Since it's 2025. Yeah. >> Yes, sir. Yes, sir. >> How much do this goes for? >> To show you here. So, it retails for 802. >> 802. Okay. >> The show price today is 657. This is going to be >> 657. Wow. That's good. >> Cheapest 35 launch on the market right now. >> Wow. That's new. >> Wow. That's pretty awesome. >> Well, thank you very much. >> Of course. Have a great day. >> Hey, you too. >> Actually, >> what? Six. No wonder. Okay. I know. >> Hello camera. >> Oh, thank you. >> These bolts these bolts are awesome. >> So, what what So, how much do the bolts range here in price? >> So, this is probably your most inexpensive coming in at 180. >> 180. Okay. Um, it's a 200 down to 180 and then you've got up to $2 million. >> $2 million in this section here. >> In this section back, you've got the 456 over here, the 415. Those are your two most expensive. And then you've got your 335, 336, and your 386. 386. You're right at a million. >> Oh, wow. That's nice. And what sizes do they like the length? >> 45 is the big one. >> And then you've got your 41. >> 41. 33 >> 33 >> and 32 and then you've got your 3 to eight. >> 3 to eight. Oh wow. So you got every size here and more or less. Yeah. As many as fit. >> Yeah. Yeah. That's true. That's true. >> Take your time. Enjoy yourself. >> Okay. Thank you. Just buy your code separate from the transaction. Oh, that thing right there. >> They're working on other people that way to take off. We can go find a hotel or we want to just sleep in. >> That's where I'd be in if it weren't for her. I I like >> that's what I said. Wow, look at all these engines. One fridge, one garbage, and two. >> Hello. >> Hi. You're the king of the world. >> Like in the Titanic. >> I just need a pretty girl. Wow. Don't worry. One wall pier. At least in our dreams. >> No iceberg. >> No iceberg. No, we don't want that. I'd rather be single and no iceberg. Sis kebabs here. >> So, where are we going? Where are we going? >> We're going right now to Puerto Rico. >> Puerto Rico. All right. Going to go see uh Daddy Yankee and Benito. Wow, this boat is nice. That's the one we just came from. Get a view of uh all the boats. work part of the year up there. The rest of you are down here dual certified in internal medicine. MK that I Give him a deal. Give him a deal. It would be an American, right? It's a 2014 640 This is very nice. just to uh put stuff in there for your fish or the beers. Yeah. Last one. Throw it there. All right. Hey, Donnie. trying to I heard they came home. >> They did. They're working on it. Prototype >> 808. It's crazy. Crazy. Crazy. Thank you. >> Absolutely. This where you put the fish or beers or whatever. >> So, are you 65 gallons? >> Two 65gallon live. >> Big. >> Big. Is that for uh the fish? >> Yep. >> Put bait in there. >> Bait in there too. >> Yes. Oh, how about the chum? Chum, too. Anything. >> Put chum in there. Anything you want. >> And then here's where you cut the fish. Measure it. >> Cut the fish. Cut the bait. >> Break stuff. Break stuff up. Uh, the boat has an ice chipper in it. So, it makes 400 lb of ice every 12 hours. >> 400 lb of ice. >> 400 lb of ice comes >> every hour. >> Every 12 hours. >> Every 12 hours. That's a lot though. >> Comes that little hole right there. And then you also have your chiller plates. So, these these will be, you know, completely frozen if you let it. >> Wow. Something else kind of neat is this here is a frigid rigid refrigerator. >> Refrigerator. >> So, you set that to a certain temperature. And you can see these these drinks are ice cold. You know, they're 32°. >> It'll stay that temperature. >> See, >> as long as you have the batteries on. Yeah. >> Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's what I want to hear. >> It'll go all the way down to 6° though. So, you can make that as freezer as well. >> Wow. So, that can be a freezer as well. >> And it's just hidden >> so that nobody sees when you go to get a beer. >> Exactly. Right. >> Yeah. So this is where the ice would become more tack in there. >> Oh wow. >> Plano boxes in there and then the other side's the same. >> Oh, that's a lot of uh special compartments. >> Oh yeah. >> How big is this boat? >> This is 44 ft. >> 44 12T beam. >> Wow. Yes sir. 1,000 gallons of fuel. >> Yeah, you can go far. >> You can go very far. It averages around.7 uh economy. So you got about 700 nautical miles of range. Oh wow, that's great. Yeah, that's great. So >> it's a fishing machine, you know. It's a fishing. >> We all fish here at Cis. Um the president, the owner, the vice president, you know, they all grew up fishing. So it's a fishing boat first, but we don't disregard those family features at all. >> Yeah. I know. I can tell. Yeah. >> It's not 100% fishing. It's not 100% family. It's it's a you know, mix of both. >> Oh, and wow, you got a lot of seats over here. >> Six seats. >> All three are on air ride. So these are airshock seats. >> Air shock seats. Air shock seats. They spin 360°. >> All around. >> Look at that, man. This is >> release. >> This is a beauty, man. It's a work of art. >> And then speakers everywhere. >> Oh, yeah. Point it at your head. >> You're not going to miss it. >> No, you're not, man. You can do a little battery. >> And what's up here? Is that the radar? >> Yep. So, you got two radios up there. The other side is storage. >> Storage. Okay. So these cats, you know, this is the bottom of the boat, so there's there's no cabin in there. It's kind of the downside to a cat, but that's okay. >> Yep. You can fit a queen size air mattress in there. We designed it that way. It's actually the biggest in its class. And then you got AC in there as well. So you know, >> you can get in there and take a nice nap for sure. >> We can fit you. >> Hello. Where's the from? >> Where's the boat from? >> It's from here. It's built in Merit Island built everything. >> You guys want to go take a look? >> What's the price of? >> Which one? >> You have here. >> They're all different price points. So, they're about 2300. >> 2300? >> Yeah. You can go take a look. >> This one's the newest one. >> That's the newest. >> Yeah. Yeah. You can just grab anything. >> Hello. Sorry. Good yourself. >> Let me know if you have any questions. All right. Thank you. How much How much was this one? >> Uh starting is at $1.99. Depending on how you equip it, you know, bells and whistles, you can get it uh you know, kind of as is in the uh mid to higher twos. >> Okay, cool. Like with basic and then you have Yeah. different levels. Yeah. >> Yeah, for sure. Depending on people's needs. >> This one has fishing options like rod holders already installed. There's a live bolt underneath that seat. I can show you how that flips down. >> Oh, okay. Cool. >> Would you like for me to show you that? >> Oh, okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, >> I heard you, but I was like, uh, >> this guy right here. Push this button, release. >> Oh, you have a nice kind of rearfacing seat, hang out. >> That is nice. Like a transformer boat. That's it. >> Oh, and then you have the thing here. >> Got your live well. Got a little sink. Throw some ice in there, some drinks. >> And this is a nice footrest when you do have that seat out. Very comfortable spot. These swivel around too completely and you still got a nice little cabinet in there to take a nap, relax overnight with a bathroom. >> A nice open bow up there. >> These look like you can fall asleep. >> Very comfortable that or kind of racing seat with the 225s. It's about 55 mph boat. >> 55 mph boat. Wow. With the waves jumping >> chopped right through. So you have a little area here so that you can sleep. >> That toilet is very important. You have your area here. The nose. It's busy. Let's see. Let's >> see this one. So this is the same thing has a >> your kitchen and has a >> washer water. >> It's nice. Very nice. It's enclosed cabin. >> Where are we going? >> Hello. We're going to be Mini. >> I wish. >> You wish. Hawaii. Maybe. >> I wish there one, >> man. Very >> And and it doesn't matter if it's cold or hot. You close this. >> Absolutely. AC over there. >> AC. >> You are always fresh, >> man. >> Well, we can dream, right? And I think she's going to learn. She'll she'll learn how to drive very fast. >> That's really This one. >> This one. This one. This one. That's it. She already know how to fly. >> We would love to learn. We're not over. >> It's nice for them to have the oil underneath whenever a storm came up, >> which that has. That was perfect. So, but that's all we really use. Yeah, cuz they just have to roll it. >> Wow. Look at this one. >> See this thing? You see the speakers in it? No, the thing thing is huge. >> He's ready to fish. >> Yeah, he is. Wow, look at all the seating, all the speakers. Got your bedroom here. Got your bathroom over there. Hey, Smells like fiberglass. This is like brand new. Smells fiberglass. those yellow more aggressive lights. Yeah, there's 20% It's very nice. Heat. Heat. 30 seconds. That's all right. It has a better look like that drop off. easily. >> Okay, so we're going to tour these three. They're called Balies. Wow, this is nice. I suppose this, you know, it's it's really Spacious area. >> Wow, guys. The floor is so soft. It's like a sponge. Like a sponge material. It's really nice. Wow. This is luxury. >> See if I can go down here. >> Oh my god. Harmony. >> So, where are we going? >> To the BBI. >> To the BBI. Oh, yeah. >> Got to be up top. >> Oh, it's up top. >> I can't take this thing out from here. >> Wow. Look at the inside. >> Wow. This is freaking nice. Look at this. This is amazing. So, you got stairs over here >> and then you got stairs over here. >> You go down here to see. Got a bedroom over here. And you got your shower, your bathroom, the little sky view. >> Wow, it's really nice. It's like a house over here. And down here, >> it's another bedroom. Hey, what's going on? I got you. I got you. >> All right, you ready? >> So, you got Wow. I think it's like three bedrooms and a bunch of bathrooms. Three bedroomedroom, three bath with the skylight up here. >> Wow, this is lovely. >> Sorry. >> That's okay. >> No, it's a one way. >> One way only. >> Sorry you. >> This is beautiful. It's like a fullsize kitchen here. Have your fridge. Holy moly. This is awesome. And then we're going to check out these two other ones over here. I think they're different sizes they have. See, it says 5.2. And then that one says 4.6. six. So, this is the 5T. Point2. >> The one we just came out of was a 5.8. So, I'm guessing that's the bigger one. >> Hello. Hey, how you doing? >> Good on yourself. >> Pretty sure. Uh, >> wow. Look at this. They have sky views up here. >> I'm pretty sure if you go out in this, you can like live here. And you probably have your like your captain and your chef. Wow, this is freaking nice. So, it's like the other one. >> You have a bedroom over there and then you have another one over here. Yeah, it's just a tad bit smaller. At least from the front. You can tell. Let's go down here. Yeah. So, you have the bedroom over here. Wow. Almost fell. Oh wow, this is cool. Look at this. So you can see the water. That is cool. And you have your bathroom or closet. You got your bathroom over here. Toilet. And then you got your shower. And then on the other side, I think it's probably the same. >> I know the kitchen is This has like the other one. Two bedrooms. >> Please do not climb or sit on the bed. Very nice. >> So, there are three bedrooms. >> That's true. >> And that Yeah, you do want to escape room. >> Yeah. And then this one doesn't have a shower, but it has a closet space here. Oh, it has it does has a shower. Wow. And a toilet. So, they're three three bed, three bath. Wow. >> Does that go down to the water level? >> Well, I just didn't know if it only. >> And that's the other one. Probably has the same layout. Look, it has two floors. It's like this one. All right. Okay. So, these are the other ones. There's two other ones over here. Just going to show you one cuz I think the floor plan is more or less the same of these of these ones over here. >> Let's go inside. You see what Paul's >> my own. >> You see what Paul said? >> Which I need to avoid using Wow, >> it's nice. The AC toilet. So, they keep it the toilet separate. >> That way you can take a shower. Oh, look. You can see the water when you're in the toilet. Maybe you flush it. The fisher eat whatever you flush on the toilet. >> Hey guys, welcome. >> And there's also a bedroom over here. >> Look how open. lock you in there. >> Look at this. >> Is this a shower? >> How cool. >> So, the designs are think similar. On the left side, there's one bedroom, one bath, and then on the right side there's two bedrooms, two baths. So, where are we going? >> Uh, just exploring yourself. >> Just explore. Yeah, same word. I wanted I wanted to go to Bimini. I heard they're going to be in this >> like in 30 minutes. No, I'm just playing. I'm just playing it. >> I'm just playing. You're down, right? >> Yeah, this one is a smaller bedroom, but it's still comfy, man. Oh, and then here, I think this is another uh another bed here. You fold down. Wow. This is really cool, man. This is awesome, man. Those ships are beautiful. This is the one we just got off of. Here's the specs. Right. Come on. They're just beautiful. I want to check this one out. between your work and your Let's go in this one. This is like a smaller one. >> Congratulations. >> I'm sorry. What was your name? >> Mark. Mark. >> Good. And yourself? >> Good. Thank you. >> It's beautiful. >> Full kitchen, full everything. Full happiness. >> And then you have bedrooms here. >> Yeah, there's it's a three cabin. So there's >> Oh, three cabin. The >> owner side. >> Oh, there's the owner side. So the owner side, is it bigger? >> He's got the the owner has this whole hall. >> So this just closes off. >> Oh, that's cool. Wow, that's cool. >> So, when he really needs to relax cuz >> Yep. Yep. Exactly. >> So, lots of nice storage. I mean, this is open. Um, you know, these you can actually hang, you know, full size hangers in here. >> In here, you have storage. And then >> we even have this um you can get a washer dryer. >> Oh, wow. That's awesome. >> You get a washer and a dryer. The dryer would be right here. >> Wow. Oh, so you don't have to hang hang your uh undies like uh flags. >> You get a dryer. >> And uh and then we have the nice workshop up here. So, you know, you have a place to store all your spares and >> Wow, that's nice. >> You know, work on stuff if you need to. >> That's nice. >> Wow. This is >> So, do you have two cabins on the other side? Oh, so do you guys go on trips? Do you guys go on trips on these or No, >> of course. >> This boat sailed over from South Africa. >> From South Africa. Oh, wow. >> 65 day. >> That is awesome. >> All right. So, we just got off of that boat and then this is the end of the one side. It's two sides. Wow. This is like a like a cruise ship. Mini cruise ship. Just reached the yacht section. Look at this beast. >> I did not even see the My name Oh, >> wait. I don't want to keep walking. That's a big Amazing. Yeah, we had a lot of branding, marketing, real estate. Oh, look at this. >> Like a diving board. I'll wear this one. Yeah, really. Great to see I saw that. Look at this. This thing is a beauty. What a beauty. >> From where we are, >> what a beauty. Is that >> somebody? What? Hello by Oh, I don't remember. I found something. What? >> I pulled my head. Yeah, there's a computer on the side of her house. That is the air bumper of like You know what the jail? I appreciate online. Yeah, probably cold, bro. This is one of the tenders off the >> the one. This is like a cruise ship. >> This is like a cruise ship. I kept the log where my seat bel Look at this. 2.8. >> Wow. It's beauty. Look at >> this other one over here. >> 14. >> Holy smoke. Well, that's already owned. more at this one. I don't know if it's part of the show or not. Those are uh gazillion dollar homes over Imagine to have that big ass boat parked at your house. Hey, it says Usher there. That's a singer Usher. Maybe that's his No. So we have the drop by refill whatever you have left to do. a whole lot of points on that too. >> I can introduce Hallelujah. I just wish I could hang out. >> Are you everything? Because they pay for gas. Do that. part of the The whole company Asia told us there's a possibility. Sorry. >> I am not a good I'm not a crazy You're looking for Oh my god. You said the corn. Oh, I don't want corn. What is Well, we don't know if because there's no claims like I was going to call um coastal marine He told you. He told you this. >> I mean, I'm a pilot, so No, I like Can you imagine?

  Top Comments:
  1. @networkg [1 likes]: "I'm gonna take you along just like you're my best friend !"  
And somehow Ricky, I believe you because you are Mr. Beautiful people.
  2. @MrH2S [1 likes]: 🥰Wow 908 views in 6 hours. Awesome This show is so cool and your video captures so much 😮Bro even the smaller boats cost more than most homes, they look so nice it would be a shame to drop them in the water 🤣 100% enjoyed watching and SMILING👍🙏❤☺
  3. @plasticpimps [1 likes]: Man, some of those are insane. When my ship comes in..I'm gonna buy a ship.. And hang my undies out like a flag. :face-green-smiling::face-green-smiling:
  4. @mkmfeatures [1 likes]: Awesome boat show! Thanks for the tour! 😎👍
  5. @ElMarco48: Ok, I see how ya are! Just flaunt your fancy boats,beautiful sunny weather, celebrity friends and billion dollar mansions.  While I shovel snow and stay under the covers watching TV.😂
Great video! They make the Chris Craft boats in Holland,  Michigan. not to far from me. Hope you and the family are doing well. Ya going to be getting some of that Spring Break action this year? Take care and be safe, my friend.  TTYL 😊
  6. @rupertoruiz: 👏👏👏👏👏👍👍👍 Great tour...Thanks for share it.
  7. @Laughaholics: Man, that place is huge. I loved the Caymmas. It has everything. A mixture of both fishing and family.
  8. @XploreWithLisa: Lovely weather in Miami. It's freezing here. Awesome boat show, which one did you get this year 😂😂
  9. @MrH2S: 🥰1123 views in 10 hours. I just know if I had uploaded exactly the same video with the same SEO I´d have gotten maybe 17 views in the same time 🤣
Keep SMILING 🙂I love that Miami vibe, I´m gonna have to come over and check it out soon. 14 million $ man I could buy over 30 nice homes with that money 😊🤠🙏👍
  10. @yyxla: How warm is the weather there...😪😪

- Electric "Duffy" Boat Experience - Things to Do in Newport Beach: Kind: captions Language: en we're making room for the group okay welcome back i wanted to share another thing with you today that is very popular in newport beach first of all i'm over here at lido village which is a kind of fancy little shopping area it's fairly new probably i don't know how new it is five or five years but it's got a lot of fancy little shops and it's a place where you can actually take out these duffy boats which is what we're gonna do with some friends which is a popular thing to do in newport beach little electric powered boats [Music] so technically this company is not duffy boats this is a competitive competitor brand marine technologies but it's the same idea duffy was kind of the original these are quite a bit more stylish than your traditional uh duffy boats cool can you tell me about this company yes this is vision marine technologies uh you can look us up online we're also publicly traded on the nasdaq so look us up is it more than just the newport here or is it yes so we also not only doing these electric boat rentals right here uh we create uh electric outboards so our new one is 180 horsepower and goes up to 75 miles per hour for most uh popular speed boats and is fully electric oh crazy yeah i know that we are based out of canada and that we are looking to expand all over the country we've been looking in uh france we've been looking in mexico we've been looking uh in florida so we're trying to get as wide as possible so it's kind of a diverse company not just uh these electric boats but i mean like these tier rentals but also you got the full-on motors you sell for uh other yachts yes absolutely thanks for the info of course so this is the typical what you would do on one of these boats you got a little spread here not good for my diet situation look at this we got chips all kinds of sauces but we do have some healthy stuff but this is what it's all about everybody brings your drinks have your little picnic awesome champagne cheers cheers cheers welcome back good times sometimes we get to see some really crazy things this is i think what's called the wild goose is it not josh it's uh john wayne's former boat is that not it i think it is that was a buoy tender in world war ii and uh the famous actor john wayne actually bought that and uh converted it to kind of uh a much bigger version of the duffy we're on right now uh but i think we'd all agree that would be a little cumbersome to for a pre-dinner cruise this is uh the right size and with the wind in your face this is a wonderful way to see newport bay i think this is the perfect situation to be out on the water appreciating the sun and the summer weather enjoying friends maybe having a glass of wine it is truly one of my most favorite things to do in newport it's just a beautiful evening to go out and be able to partake in this what are some of the sights to see i mean what are the what's the highlights of the trip i think that's what i like is because you see newport from a different angle you're driving around town all the time but you don't always see it from the water so you get to see things that you don't normally see like i don't go to balboa island in the summer because it's crazy but i can see it from the water and then i can see oh look that's what people do and buy a balboa island in the summer it's just fun to be out with friends enjoying the beautiful weather oh yeah here's the real deal here's the real deal shadows the duffy boat is really just an excuse to drink wine on the water there's absolutely no other reason to be on a duffy boat but uh enjoy i think it's a good thing that duffy's can go very slowly and that you can only go five miles in the harbor because anybody could drive a duffy you don't have to have any kind of boating experience so it's something look at me safe you know i feel safer knowing that they go slow so it's just fun to be out on the water you see a lot of people you see other duffy's people having parties you occasionally get a seagull that lands on the front of your boat do not feed it because it will stay there forever but be friendly to the sea life we've even seen dolphins out here which is the most amazing thing and so fun for those that are watching we're referring to duffy a lot duffy has kind of become the kleenex of uh electric boat so duffy is just a brand name for an electric boat so we're in a boat right now that doesn't have a conventional motor it's electric and it's quiet and it's clean so that's the other nice thing about riding an electric boat you don't have the sound you don't have the pollution it's just quiet kind of slow but that's all you need when you're in newport bay obviously that's like a tiki hut on the on the float floating tiki hut right there just go around and you can go out on on that and have drinks and yeah so right now we are back in this cove we've got a couple famous restaurants the cannery yeah blue water grill behind me but this is right near the lido island so i don't know if you can hear me because it's very windy but uh you know this is a tough about the diet i got my uh i got all the spread of all kinds of food here but i am having a white claw low carbs low calories no sugar oh no two grams of sugar sorry but every once in a while you got to have some fun friday night you got the full spread here i'm just going for the vegetables right now it looks like a lifestyle it's like a lifestyle change you know you don't need the dairy you don't need the cheese you don't need the potato chips so i'm just going for the broccoli a couple tomatoes here and not bad smooth you guys are good thanks for joining us for a little fun duffy ride and i want to reiterate as chris was saying as we're on the boat the word duffy the term duffy is a general word for used to these electric boats but they're not all the brand of duffy so the actual duffy boat the founder of the original is a guy named marshall dufffield goes by duffy marshall duffy duffield who's actually still involved when like city government and everything he uh back in like 1970 experimented by taking a motor out of a golf cart an old golf cart and put a propeller on it put it on a little motorboat and realized he could make an electric motor to work on the boat so then he created this company duffy duffy boats and it's now the biggest large the largest electric boat company in the world now there's a lot of offshoots of that other brands that have come up with the same idea with the electric boats including what we were on today the vision marine technology company which personally i think these are more stylish than your traditional duffy i'll show you an actual duffy boat they all kind of have the exact same look but i wanted to just show you that's a fun thing you can do here in newport beach it's very popular you go and rent these boats by the hour you go around the bay with your friends you have some have some drinks you have some appetizers and it's just a really great way to spend the evening so thanks for watching and thanks for joining us on this little boat ride and we'll see you next time [Applause] me

  Top Comments:
  1. @mortarish [4 likes]: A lot cheaper and more relaxing than taking out of town guests to Disneyland.
  2. @stuartdenty3163 [1 likes]: Nice one Josh.  Makes me want to get out on the water!  Thanks for the content.
  3. @lorio2554: I wanna know how you drive that boat lol
  4. @dreamergirl3897: do these go deep in to the ocean??i got invited but im terrified..so i need to know these details..lol😅
  5. @dreamergirl3897: how long are these rides?? hours??
  6. @fr3847: What time did u go?
  7. @myogart: Glad to find this vid. I have a Dufour 35 for the Spiritual Saga of an Idiot Sailor, but have been looking at hard to find Duffy's. I'll check out Marine Technologies.
  8. @gregjohnson6355: Great video and way to spend some time on the water.
  9. @maritimetees2315: Seagulls don't like broccoli. Go figure. 😆
  10. @robertkeller7420: Super cool video Josh. Very informative and entertaining. Are you filming this with your gopro 10? I too have a gopro but it just seems to causes so many issues with the video quality -  scenes will freeze for a second and the sound will pause also - looks like you have a nice stream video -

- Diesel Fills to Cliff Walk Thrills | Nordhavn Boat Life in Newport RI: Kind: captions Language: en-US Good morning again from Explorado.&nbsp; It is a beautiful Thursday morning.&nbsp;&nbsp; We just passed Fischer Island off the coast of&nbsp; Connecticut and we're heading over to Warwick,&nbsp;&nbsp; Rhode Island today. [Music] So, the plan&nbsp; is to take it up to Warwick, Rhode Island,&nbsp;&nbsp; and we are going to top off with gas. It's that&nbsp; time of year again. So, uh, we're going to see how&nbsp;&nbsp; much diesel we can throw in this boat. Probably&nbsp; about 1500-1800 gallons and probably spend the&nbsp;&nbsp; night up there in Warwick. And then tomorrow,&nbsp; we're going to hit the Newport Boat Show cuz&nbsp;&nbsp; who doesn't like a good boat show? My wallet&nbsp; still has a couple of dollars left in it. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; we'll go see what we can blow it on that we don't&nbsp; need. Jenn, is there anything you're looking&nbsp;&nbsp; forward to seeing at the boat show? Everything. I&nbsp; like everything. Oh. There is a Nordhavn going to&nbsp;&nbsp; be at the boat show 625 which I have seen several&nbsp; times Monday Nai. We just ran into them in Sandy&nbsp;&nbsp; Hook and we ran into them down in Charleston last&nbsp; year and uh they are for sale and it's like a 2023&nbsp;&nbsp; or 2024. It's it's hull number one. It's a pretty&nbsp; much a brand new boat. And Nordhavn is going to be&nbsp;&nbsp; showing that off. So I would like to go see it.&nbsp; I like to see what the changes are. see what the&nbsp;&nbsp; changes are from a 2005 to a 2025 and uh go take&nbsp; a look at that. And then also, you know, I like&nbsp;&nbsp; going and talking to all the vendors. Everything&nbsp; from toilet parts to plumbing hoses and generators&nbsp;&nbsp; and all that other good stuff. So, get a new&nbsp; toilet. Might get a new toilet this year, too.&nbsp;&nbsp; That's on the agenda. A new toilet that Well, I'll&nbsp; tell you more about that later. So, anyway, that's&nbsp;&nbsp; what we're doing today. We got about 6 hours&nbsp; left and then we'll be in Warwick, Rhode Island. [Music] We're just headed by Watch Hill&nbsp; Lighthouse. It's really busy passage with&nbsp;&nbsp; a lot of fishermen. You can see the water&nbsp; just swirling through this passage. [Music] Come back. Where did he go? We just saw our&nbsp; first seal. That was pretty cool. He was big,&nbsp;&nbsp; too. He was really big. I like how he stuck&nbsp; his head up, man. Yeah, I was just saying the&nbsp;&nbsp; other day like I wonder when we're going to see&nbsp; seals. Dave spotted a seal. I wonder if they're&nbsp;&nbsp; on the rocks over there. It was dead center like&nbsp; right there off the bow. They poked his head up&nbsp;&nbsp; and looked at us and we the camera. Yeah, he was&nbsp; big. That was cool. Thank you, sport fisher man. [Music] So, we're about to fill up with diesel.&nbsp; How many gallons are we going to take and&nbsp;&nbsp; how long is it going to take us? Between 1500&nbsp; and 1,800 gallons of diesel. We're going to&nbsp;&nbsp; a marina up here in Rhode Island that they have&nbsp; newer pumps, but they still only do about 14 to&nbsp;&nbsp; 17 gallons an hour. So hopefully we can have two&nbsp; hoses going at the same time. That' be nice. Oh,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's going to take us a little while.&nbsp; Yeah, it takes us an hour to fill up. Yeah. [Music]&nbsp;&nbsp; Heat up here. How you doing? Good. How are you guys doing? And um pump out or anything?&nbsp; Yeah. Okay, sounds good. It's diesel time. Time to&nbsp; load her up with some gas. What you doing down there? Wash the&nbsp; salt off this girl. She's salty. It's on the far corner right on the&nbsp; end of the street. Trying to get out. This is a funny thing that happens&nbsp; after we fill up with fuel. We have a four degree tilt port. Our boat is&nbsp; flipping crooked. Now we got to fill up the&nbsp;&nbsp; uh gasoline tank. The toy&nbsp; tank for our toys. boy tank. This is how eggs cook when your boat&nbsp; is crooked. You know, there's a lot&nbsp;&nbsp; of writing in the egg box. Really, all&nbsp; they have to do is put the eggs. Yeah,&nbsp;&nbsp; look at all that writing. Yeah, it's a lot of&nbsp; stuff. You want to read the egg carton? After,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, 50 years of eating eggs, I just take&nbsp; the egg out of the carton. I don't ever read&nbsp;&nbsp; it. They could say it's full of plutonium&nbsp; for all I know. Is it full of plutonium&nbsp;&nbsp; boat? We hopped on the Jamestown Ferry and&nbsp; we're off to Newport for the boat show. I'm just loving the colorful hulls on these&nbsp; trawlers. And look, there's Ruth Pearl. And we spotted Monday Nai. We've never been to Newport, so we did a little&nbsp; walking around before heading into the show. This town's got a lot of character with the brick&nbsp; streets, quaint shops, great little restaurants.&nbsp;&nbsp; What? I'm thinking about getting a boat. This&nbsp; could be the boat. This is what I've been thinking&nbsp;&nbsp; about. She's sexy. It's damn sexy. What do you&nbsp; think? I like it. Okay. It's like a square house&nbsp;&nbsp; boat. Reminds me of Lake Powell. Lake Powell.&nbsp; It's wild to think this whole place is man-made,&nbsp;&nbsp; formed back in the 1970s when the Colorado&nbsp; River was damned up. Now, it's an unreal mix&nbsp;&nbsp; of turquoise waters and red rock canyons that look&nbsp; straight out of a movie. We spend about a week&nbsp;&nbsp; here every summer with our kids on a houseboat.&nbsp; From exploring hidden canyons on kayaks and tubing&nbsp;&nbsp; behind the boat to swimming, the magical sunsets&nbsp; of pure gold pink and totally unforgettable. It&nbsp;&nbsp; was amazing. If you've never been to Lake Powell,&nbsp; trust me, it's an absolute must. All right,&nbsp;&nbsp; now back to present day. We loaded up. We got&nbsp; lots of goodies. We finally saw a whale, you guys. Whale. Yeah, it might be illegal&nbsp; to get too close. I don't know.&nbsp;&nbsp; Find out. Whale sighting. You&nbsp; found a whale. Whale sighting. Are you so excited? Your first whale.&nbsp; Excited. My first whale sighting. We had our fill of the boat show,&nbsp; so it was time to head back. [Music] Now, let's talk about Monday night.&nbsp; We didn't film out of respect for privacy,&nbsp;&nbsp; but we did walk through and wow, what a&nbsp; boat. The Nordhavn 625 is definitely a&nbsp;&nbsp; refreshed take on the classic 55 Hall. She has&nbsp; a little extra length, a bigger fly bridge,&nbsp;&nbsp; and definitely a sleeker, more modern interior.&nbsp; She's a stunning vessel for sure, but we still&nbsp;&nbsp; have a soft spot for a 55. Thanks for the ride,&nbsp; Postal Queen. Now, back to the boat we go. Looks like we're going to fall over. The next morning, we decided to take the dinghy&nbsp; around Conanicut Island to Newport to do the&nbsp;&nbsp; cliff walk. We really enjoyed this ride. We&nbsp; passed by Beavertail State Park and Light,&nbsp;&nbsp; Castle Hill Lighthouse at the end&nbsp; of Ocean Drive, and of course,&nbsp;&nbsp; Fort Adams. New Fort Knack. And&nbsp; there's statues of elephants. No. [Music] JFK was married here. 1828. That's amazing. Thing is solid. We're going to do it. trail markers. The cliff walk is one of those places that&nbsp; just never gets old. It's a stunning path that&nbsp;&nbsp; hugs the coastline with the ocean on one side,&nbsp; historic Gilded Age mansions on the other. And&nbsp;&nbsp; you get a mix of rugged cliffs, crashing waves,&nbsp; elegant architecture. You just can't beat it. Now,&nbsp;&nbsp; for a little history, the cliff walk dates back to&nbsp; the late 1800s when wealthy families built their&nbsp;&nbsp; summer cottages along the Newport coastline. Could&nbsp; you imagine owning a summer cottage of this size? What started as a private walkway&nbsp; behind their estates eventually&nbsp;&nbsp; became one of Rhode Island's&nbsp; most popular public trails,&nbsp;&nbsp; where anyone can enjoy the same incredible&nbsp; views once reserved for the Gilded Age elite. The path winds for about three and a half&nbsp; miles along the coast, mixing easy paved&nbsp;&nbsp; sections with rocky, uneven stretches,&nbsp; which definitely keeps things interesting. Parts of it feel peaceful and polished,&nbsp; while others are wild and rugged,&nbsp;&nbsp; especially as you get closer to the&nbsp; southern end near Bailey's Beach. [Music] We're in the middle of the cliff&nbsp; walk just uh stopped and fly the&nbsp;&nbsp; drone. See if we can see some of&nbsp; these big houses. It was beautiful. Spooky dark tunnel. You know what they call this&nbsp; one? No. Tunnel of kisses. The tunnel of kisses.&nbsp;&nbsp; Yes. Spooky water. You don't see it coming. Uh-oh.&nbsp; It's really, really dark in here. Spooky. Uhoh. Tada. [Music] Are you ready? [Music] Oh, this is so weird. What's up? I'm a little crazy. I can't help it.&nbsp; Thank you. My little adventure. Hold&nbsp;&nbsp; on. We finished the walk and we're ready&nbsp; to head into town for a snack. I think we&nbsp;&nbsp; deserve it. Pretty good day. Awesome. We&nbsp; did first. We did ride all the way around.&nbsp;&nbsp; We did all the way around. That was good.&nbsp; It was a little rough on the outside. Yeah. Lobster roll and a hot lobster. Lobster. Three and a half miles and 20,000 steps. We got&nbsp; really tired so we hopped on the trolley. We&nbsp;&nbsp; cheated. And now we are at Black Pearl. So&nbsp; pearl having a cocktail enjoying ourselves&nbsp;&nbsp; pretzel time. It's time to go back. Love these&nbsp; old street. What? Mannequins look like C3PO. It's C3PO. Okay, I couldn't&nbsp; resist this. This boutique&nbsp;&nbsp; was practically pulling me inside.&nbsp; Ladies, you get it. I know you do. Back to the dinghy we go. Going to&nbsp; head back to James Town. Fix some&nbsp;&nbsp; dinner. Chill for the night. Oh, it's a good&nbsp; thing she's still here. We have a ride back. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Soft and bumpy out here. This is what&nbsp; our dingy rides home are like. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @carolynaskew9774 [3 likes]: Would love to see a video on your backstory and maybe a boat tour? Enjoying your channel😊
  2. @tod5098 [1 likes]: Great video, thanks.  I spent my post-college days enjoying Newport on weekends, it's nice to see it hasn't changed all that much.
  3. @charleslee3590 [1 likes]: Wow! Great episode.
  4. @matchedbook1 [1 likes]: Great job on the editing!
  5. @ShawnDuGay [1 likes]: Thank you for bringing us along on the journey. I live in CT so it's interesting to see it from the sea.
  6. @VinceT0331: if you don't mind me asking what kind of headsets do you have and do you like them?
  7. @torpedo2030: Thank you for taking us along.
  8. @patrickstacy9679: Awesome video!

- Top Bareboat Chartering Mistakes: Kind: captions Language: en in this episode we are going to be talking about the common bearboat chartering mistakes well Barbo Charters are one of the most rewarding ways to explore Waters small missteps lead to massive headaches so let's try to give you some insights on that and how not to be in a bad position again you know before we begin nautic Ed offers the Bebo Charter Master bundle which allows you to really understand what's going on on with these charter boats they also provide the international licensing that you will need if you want to go to the Mediterranean so they have all that lined up they also have Charter agents so they can set you up with really any location you want let's begin some of the biggest mistakes happen before you even arrive probably the biggest one is not having the right qualifications many Charter companies out there require more than a certification and that's what people seemingly forget ultimately what most of these Charter companies want is they want to see documented experience right they don't want to just give you a boat and then hope for the best and a lot of the education programs and schools out there they've turned into more certificate Mills so they just give you a certificate so everyone's a little bit more cautious of all that for Regions like the Mediterranean or sea shells you need a sailing license so you can get that through naad another mistake before you arrive is over or under provisioning so it's all about striking the right balance if you're in the Mediterranean for instance go light there's a lot of local restaurants and a ton of restocking opportunities are all over the place so you should be fine there remote areas you know you want to plan carefully as resupply options may be limited you don't want to forget extras like adapters Chargers fun gear like snorkel or kayaks paddle boards card game you don't want to go without the card game now another fault is choosing the wrong boat so you want to match the boat to your crew so camaran are ideal for families groups and those new to sailing right new sailing vacationers so ask your agent detailed questions about the boat amenities like air conditioning does it work at anchor or only at the dock you know type deal if you're a mon a wholesaler you can Charter camaran with some preparation often it's a skipper checkout so basically you show up there and they want to see how you handle the boat and uh then they can sign you off there another major issue is relying on outdated or Rusty skills so it is very important to practice before you end up at the charter place right you want to be very clear on navigation both charts and electronic you want to be very familiar with Mooring and anchoring and troubleshooting any of the boat systems that could happen you also want to be be pretty comfortable with maneuvering and tight spaces and for that one practice is key now we're moving on to the mistakes when starting your Charter first one skipping the boat orientation so you want to pay close attention to the boat briefing ask questions take notes especially about systems like waste tanks understand how to use all the equipment don't assume it works as expected sometimes it just really doesn't next one you neglect the predeparture checklist so verify everything is Promised on board and everything is functional like fans lights bedding safety equipment T critical items like anchor gear and dingy attachments you know that is also why it's kind of important to work with good Charter companies and trusted agents so you can avoid that there are a lot of Charter companies out there and not all of them are cut from the same cloth so you want to be aware of that the next one is not shaking out the charter dust before you know while you're about to head out you want to inspect all the lines you want to expect inspect the sales the equipment before setting off so check the reefing lines the main sale hoist and all critical systems you want to resolve all of these issues at the dock before you get out there and that does happen there's been a few stories where people will rent the boat they think everything's fine they get out there Main sale doesn't go up and uh then they have to come back really dampens the mood okay so the next bit uh mistakes while sailing now this one is a pretty obvious one and you know it's it's no matter if you're chartering or you're just boating right being a poor leader right you want to create a positive Cooperative atmosphere right clearly Define the crew roles and lead with encouragement and not criticism treat your crew as teammates not ordinance you know you don't want to be on a boat where the captain is a ass you know it just ruins the experience for everyone and people likely won't go out with you again if that's the case a factor in that is poor communication you know you want to align expectations before you even take the trip some crew may want to relax While others are eager to learn sailing so you got to balance the responsibilities to sure everyone enjoys their time another problem is waiting to teach certain skills before you've even gone on the trip right you want to teach some of the crew that might not necessarily be at the same level you are not tying line handling safety Basics before the trip make it fun but double check all the work it's the Skipper's responsibility to ensure everything is secure another uh problem is neglecting to check and recheck so as the skipper you're ultimately responsible for securing the dinghy the moing lines and the anchor regularly checking the anchor overnight and setting alarms for drift inspecting all the systems to avoid issues like a loose outboard motor or failing equipment and you know the last one here is inadequate maneuvering skills God everyone loves docking so confidence in tight spaces is a non-negotiable you want to practice docking reversing crosswind maneuvering before your trip NAD offers a maneuver under power course that's a must so um check that out that'll also be linked in the show notes but these are the common beo Charter mistakes and um don't make them

  Top Comments:
  1. @Sv_SeaDuctress [1 likes]: Good video- NauticEd course is the best- do yourself a favor and immerse yourself in all that it has to offer!! It covers it all. ⚓️⛵️ -Jim

- Mari~Time: The Art of Ownership: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hi jeff from jeff brown yachts i wanted to welcome you to maritime at our brand new facility in newport beach we've developed a path to yacht ownership that can easily fit your lifestyle it's a way to enjoy endless memories on the water when your time is limited by other demands we're a direct importer of premium yacht brands from luxury weekenders to long-range cruisers when a group of owners wants to purchase one of our offerings an llc is created to acquire the op typically there's five shares in the llc you can own one two or more shares if you'd like maritime shepherds the transaction process then steps into the role of yacht management your brand new yacht is based at our private marina and the heart of newport beach harbor it's fully managed and maintained to super yacht standards by our professional staff and operated by licensed captains we take care of the details maintenance cleaning and having the boat fully prepared and ready to motor before you arrive in our secure underground parking it's easy to plan your days or be spontaneous with our easy to use maritime owners app choose your days plan your meals pick your favorite drinks get alerts on last minute availabilities our concierge handles all the details of scheduling itineraries provisioning and attending the personal needs including private linens towels and artwork with maritime you enjoy the benefits of ownership for as little as one-fifth the cost while avoiding the burdens of traditional ownership provides a lower cost of entry while sharing fixed and capital costs and ensures access that maximizes your time on the water you can transfer or sell your share after meeting any holding requirements and maritime will assist in finding a buyer and facilitate the transaction process with maritime you own a yacht you'll enjoy access flexibility and the ease of use throughout the year with the support of our professional staff and concierges but the most important value is the time you'll enjoy underwater in a way that fits your lifestyle your family your dream and that's the real mission of maritime i hope you enjoyed your walkthrough at maritime if you have any questions please feel free to call us you

  Top Comments:
  1. @andyvankerkhove6902: timeshare is back... no thanks

- Mari~Time - Shared Yacht Ownership: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hi Jeff from Jeff Brown Yachts I wanted to welcome you to Maritime we've developed a path to yacht ownership that can easily fit your lifestyle it's a way to enjoy endless memories on the water when your time is limited by other demands Maritime Shepherds the transaction process and steps into the role of yacht management with Maritime you enjoy the benefits of ownership for as little as 1/5 the cost while avoiding the burdens of traditional ownership with Maritime you own a yacht you'll enjoy access flexibility and the ease of use throughout the year with the support of our professional staff from con.com but the most important value is the time you'll enjoy underwater in a way that fits your lifestyle your family your dream and that's the real mission of Mariton