- $4,500,000 FERRETTI YACHT 720 WALKTHROUGH with Specs (US Premiere Exclusive at FLIBS): Kind: captions Language: en (gentle upbeat music) - Hey guys, I'm on the Ferretti Yacht 720. It's a US debut at the Fort Lauderdale Yacht Show, a special sneak preview of this boat. And I'm super excited to show it to you. Let's go. So pretty spacious transom. This is pretty unique. There's space for two Seabobs. You can set it up like this. There's also another setup that's actually a foldable lounge that comes down that's pretty nice. So, this is something I haven't seen before. I guess it's a quick connect shower. So instead of, you know, constantly just using this little pullout and just doing that little, what we all do you can actually take a proper shower here which is pretty awesome. (music continues) All right, let's see what else we got. This is a great entertainment space and I love that they actually implemented one of my favorite features. We have the sliding, the sliding stuff. They got it here and they've got it there. So they've got it on both sides and you can just kind of interchange how you use the space. Awesome, I like, I don't know why pretty much all the cushions on the boats don't have that. I feel like that's just sort of should be a standard at this point. This is really, really great. All right, let's go up. Oh, beautiful. Oh, that's really, I like the gray. It's really cute. This day bed is like Rico's and I dream daybed. I would take naps here, so nice. Oh, this is really cute. Look at this little couch. So, Ferretti, one of their main things is entertainment space. So everything is designed to entertain. There's four different areas on this boat except for the fly bridge. There's essentially almost like four tables that are all for entertainment. So, we've obviously got this insane lounge here, which you know, really nice, spacious, gorgeous views really nice cross breeze. And then we are gonna go downstairs and see all this space there. (gentle upbeat music continues) So, really great doors that open all the way out and this windows are definitely something new. It's, they're massive. It's the trend. It's where everyone's, you know, going with these massive windows. These are just fantastic windows. Nice galley, very spacious more than enough room to work and a great fridge. Good size fridge. I mean, obviously this boat is, you know meant for entertaining is, you know, usually it's not built to just kind of go on long journeys. So it's just a great amount of space to just entertain, do some basic cooking. And it's got a wine cooler looks like, nice. Is it a drink cooler. Drink cooler, okay, it's got a drink cooler. Awesome sink. Wow, this is a dream, massive sink. - The boat has a new technology that allows it to be operated the same way as a pod drive boat would be but it has still the reliability of a shaft-driven boat. And we add that with a stronger proportional bow thruster that allows us to use dynamic positioning level one. So the boat can be placed in one position without deploying an anchor. - [Victoria] Very cool. Is that gonna be something implementing on all the future Ferretti models? - It's something we're studying for the future models right now for the 670, 720, and the 780, it's a possibility. - The VIP really nice low bed, which is super nice. This is very cool. Kind of a unique little storage slash design idea. Good, great amount of space. We got a shower. I feel like everyone's just killing it with showers this year. And onto the master. Full beam, nice bed. Really like the bed. I like the height of it, it's really nice. It just kind of lets the boat feel really tall. It feels airy. Ah, it's great. I don't know if it will be, if I would love it comfortably wise, but it looks really pretty, for sure. Yeah full beam master. Really nice little couch sofa there. Oh, walk-in closet. Hello. On this side, we have the head, which is really nice. It's got a double vanity, just nice lines. All this round kind of interconnecting. Just beautiful lines here. Great use of contrast colors. Just great contrast Shower, oh cool, good shower. So two more state rooms, got a double on this side, double on this side. Like, so I guess they're sharing the head here and another double and another double on this side. All right. This concludes the tour of the Ferretti yacht 720, really nice boat really love the design. You guys, this is US premier, special for you. If you like what you see, Subscribe, Subscribe, Subscribe. And if you have any questions, just drop 'em down in the comments and I we'll be answering them. Ciao. Hi guys, you are about to see. No, I don't like that. Let's do that again.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Harko- [7 likes]: Thanks for a nice tour! It’s great fun admiring and dreaming over these boats. We know we all can’t afford them, and if I could I might chose a different one, but it’s sure fun drooling over them!
  2. @christopherbaas1774 [5 likes]: Only a year has passed since this video but we can see how you’ve really refined your personal style of touring the yachts since then. It’s better now, more informal and familiar. The opening of hatches, the little details, we feel like we’re being shown the yacht by our friends, not salespeople. It’s that casual approach that keeps us views coming back!
  3. @leonhyland5800 [2 likes]: Have you ever had a looked over a boat that totally sucked
  4. @JohnnyC10071959 [1 likes]: Not for nothing but you two use the word "massive" when you mean "large". Massive (in the presence of gravity) on earth implies weight (F=MA-> M=F/A -> M=F/(9.807 meters/second/second), not size. For example GOLD is massive (a 14 inch cube would weigh about one TON - very massive but not large). The most massive natrually occuring elment on Earth is Uranium (more massive elements do not occur in nature but are made by humans and often have very short half-lives). For the common U-235 (used to make power and bombs) the half life is abot 700,000,000 years. For its non-fissionable friend U-238 is is about 4,500,000,000 years.
  5. @gerteriksen1397 [1 likes]: You are doing a good job... And she look verrry nice :)
  6. @carminezoino9789: Hi Victoria!!!!!Bella🎉 great ship n video thx
  7. @ЕвгенийСаников-г5д: 😎💦✨💸🍸
  8. @thezeek2745: Wow your channel and presentations have a long long way. Enjoyed this but the tours you give today are just awesome. Loving seeing people grow at what they’re doing. Great job 👏🏼
  9. @mahakalpawani5581: Very very very nice
  10. @pjdave66: Why so much, I have seen far nicer Yachts than this one on your channel for far less. And thank God you don't play that beat music anymore. And the way you do the walkthrough now is way better. Thank you
  11. @ackack612: "....not built to go on long journeys...."  holy c___! As inane a comment as I have ever heard in the marine community. What's the old saw, oh yeah...."consider the source."
  12. @pdareplove: She must have been mad @ Rico on this one....their energy was totally different....the way she looked back at the camera was different....
Maybe I'm watching too much Nauti Styles!
  13. @shinnyspace: pure italian lush & tech
  14. @bessiebraveheart: These are beautiful boats, but after a time they are all pretty much the same old same.
  15. @jacko6138: wow those scenes with people walking backwards were weird
  16. @bonnieinthespirit6373: I had a dream this morning. Boat.  Was all I identified it too.   But I am looking for the style of it .   It’s what u call yacht
  17. @bonnieinthespirit6373: Hey!  I want to purchase a boat to live on . Who finances . Etc.  can you email me ?  Bonnieinthespirit@gmail.com
  18. @JonathanACarr: This was before you started talking to each other in the videos.  It's much better now.
  19. @thehonorablejiveturkey6068: Hi guys your about to seee. Wait, I didnt like that.😃 NO wait!! See what? A baby grand piano
  20. @45searay: Good review !

- BEST Owner’s Cabin In Class? Ferretti 580 Sea Trial & Review: Kind: captions Language: en-GB This is the Ferretti 580. And you may recall that we toured this boat at the Dusseldorf Boat Show. We're catching up with it again at Cannes though, because the difference is here, we can go and drive it. Starting price is €1.6 million excluding VAT, but let's not hang around. Let's get out to sea and see what she can do. I'm Jack Haines, welcome to YachtBuyer. You'll notice that even though this boat is only Volvo Penta engine options, D13 900 or 1000 horsepower, you haven't got Volvo componentry on the dash. And that's because the steering joystick system was developed with Xenta, Ferretti Group have been working with them for a long time. So you have their fly-by-wire steering system and also the joystick but it works in a very similar way. So it combines the shafts, it combines the thrusters, meaning you push the joystick and the boat follows suits. But as I said, we've got 2000 horsepower below the deck, we have got 11 people on board so we shall see how that affects the performance. But if I just bury the throttles, there's a little bit of a lag. And then actually she jumps up quite nicely. We're at 20 knots already. You're going to top out about 31 knots with this load of people on board, maybe with a lighter load it might be a bit more. Yeah 31-32 knots and then 25 knots is really where you're going to be cruising at and we're there now. And it feels really comfortable. You consuming a combined 250 litres an hour, probably giving you a range of approximately 300 nautical miles. But what surprises me a) is the helm position because ergonomics hasn't always been the strong suit of Ferretti Group. But this is a really good position. I'm nice and close to the wheel, the seat's really comfortable and high backed, I can reach everything relatively comfortably. And the steering wheel feels absolutely lovely in your hands. And actually, although the wheel is heavy, the steering is really nice and light, it responds very nicely to inputs. As I said it's fly-by-wire. So it's very, very smooth. Swing that big heavy wheel from side to side and it reacts nicely for a 60 foot flybridge boat. And it's not particularly rough here, we've got V-drive shaft so it feels really, really planted, cuts through the water really nicely. Anything we have come across, it just romps over really comfortably. It's only a light chop with a bit of wash from the other boats on the sea trial here at the Cannes Boat Show. But yeah, it's a good position, you can have a navigator seat as an option, it's the same downstairs. They come as standard with one, you can have two, I'd probably option it, it's quite nice to have the option to have somebody else up here alongside you. The helm station is clear and classy, it's a bit breezy, as you can probably hear. The windscreen is low and a long way forward. So you're not really getting much protection. But on a warm day in the Med, that's not too much of an issue might be a bit different in Northern Europe. But of course, you've got a helm station downstairs to get out of the elements. So why don't we pop down there and see what that's like. And the slick window line may look great from the outside, but it does cause a few issues in terms of visibility from this lower helm. It's a very shallow windscreen. So I've immediately felt that the need to stand to see comfortably. And part of the issue is that you've got those lovely big cushions up there on the foredeck, which are great when you're lounging around the sun, not so great when you're trying to navigate from the lower helm. But at least this standing position is comfortable, the seat's got a bolster section on it so I can lean quite nicely. Still got a great view of the dash everything's quite far away from you. But you have got a great view of the MFDs. And this is all 3D printed this section here, which is something they want to do a little bit more. But yeah, it works. It works nicely enough in terms of a viewpoint but you are leaning out of your seat a fair bit to use everything. And if you're sitting down, it's even worse. It is a single piece windscreen, which means you've got quite a thick mullion for these blind spots, as well. So not the greatest view from the helm. But of course the benefit is you have really nice quiet cruising, it's well insulated, the engines are V-drive so they're slightly further back. And it is a really nice quiet boat cruising along at these 22 non cruising speeds. Some of this boats rivals have a side door. This one obviously doesn't, but you have got a manual window, so you can at least ventilate with some natural breeze if you want to and also means you can bark at your crew from this lower helm if you need to when you're coming into moor and on that point, you're probably not going to be doing a huge amount of slow speed manoeuvring from down here. You'll either be up on the flybridge where you've got that great all around view. There's also the option to have a third cockpit station/docking station there in the cockpit which I think certainly if you're mooring stern-to, you will definitely want to tick on the options list. That's the driving experience then let's check out the decks and interiors. Let's start at the stern then as we always do. Hydraulic bathing platform naturally. Also where you're going to store the tender and float that on and off. Down here, this is just a storage area essentially it's like a little boot lift it up on gas rams and you've got some storage there to chuck some kit in. Equal access up both sides into the cockpit, the deck shower's down there as well as you can wash off after you've been for a swim. And this is a typical Ferretti touch up here, the covered mooring gear, something they do on a lot of their boats, but it's really nice stuff as well. Nice big solid cleat, you've got a winch and then nice that you've got a rope bin with a drain, so any wet lines can drain away when the boat's all tied up. Controls down here for the platform and the passerelle. Obviously, the passerelle shoots out from from this section here, if you're moored stern-to. And then we're into the cockpit, and there's some fun and games going on with the seating area here. It's set up in sort of lounging mode at the moment, as you can see, but you can slide the backrest this way to bring it through about halfway to make it into more of a dining position. Because obviously this table opens out to double its size is absolutely vast, it also drops right down to extend the lounging space, if you want to use it as a lounging area. So yeah, that's a really useful space, no wet bar or anything in this section, but you have got a third control station as an option. So I mentioned out in the water, but it's down here, if you do have it. And under there, you don't have the joystick interestingly, but you have got twin throttles and bow and stern thruster controls so you've still got great control from back here, I think the joystick would be too tall. As you can see, you have to put the throttle flat to close the lid. So I think the joystick would cause issues there. A bit of storage under these units here, obviously nice staircase up to the flybridge. We're going to head up there in a moment. But let's go around to starboard for now, this is quite a nice little touch. And it's always useful to have somewhere to actually have that rather than just leave it propped up somewhere lying around on deck really useful that it's back here as well, if you're picking up lines in the Med, you can pull it out really easily and get on with your mooring. The other thing to notice is there's runners here and that means you can enclose this entire cockpit with canopy cover. So of course, that extends the living area if the weather isn't so good, the side decks are actually really good. They're lovely and wide. These are a little bit low, but they're very, very chunky look at the gauge on that stainless steel that feels very solid. Can maybe do with something to grab onto up here. And this is something I noticed at Dusseldorf and it hasn't changed. These look very nice, but they bang your shoulder as you're moving forward, they could do with mounting those a little bit higher up to be honest. No side door, as I said, so the only access onto the decks is from the cockpit. And there's no boarding gate here, either. But what is very good on deck on the 580 is this forward lounge space, they've put a lot of work into this to really make it as big as possible. And I know most yards are doing these these days even at this size, but this is a really good one. And you know, I said it does restrict the viewer a little bit from the helm, but this is just a really lovely space. Look at the width and depth of that bench. You've got the two way bench arrangement here as well, with a really nice slab of sunpad here, you can get three people on there really comfortably and nice teak detailing as well with the cup holders. You got some storage down here. And then right forward a very nice flat working area of the deck with the typical access to twin anchor lockers. Good access to the windlass as well. And of course, you've got your fairleads and cleats up here too. Let's head up to the top deck. Because this cockpit is so large, they can afford to have a really nice shallow staircase. It's very easy to get up here, good handholds either side and when you get up here, you've got plenty to grab on to as well. It is a flybridge that you feel a little bit perched on, the sides are quite low, but the space is perfectly good. L shaped seating area back here this is pretty typical really for this genre. And then like downstairs, the table extends, nice big teak lid. So that goes you know double its size. You're stuck in there when it's when it's open if you're dining but that is part and parcel of the design I think at this stage. Wet bar over here this is a good size. Very very big, a grill is an option, this boat's not got it, but what's nice nice if you have got it's really easy to clear all the grime away into the sink and you've got your usual array of cooling and ice creating tools underneath. This extension here is actually an option but it just gives you somewhere else to perch and rest out... ooop naughty boy. But this is quite a nice extension really to give you a little bit more room next to the helm. If you don't have that and obviously you've just got open space but I can't see why you wouldn't have it really. And then forward it is just all about sunbathing space. Two options in terms of coverage on the flybridge, you can have a bimini which this boat's got and it folds forward when it's down or you can have a hardtop and actually as hard tops on this size of boat go, it looks pretty good. They haven't tried to shoehorn a sunroof into it so it's quite short. It's quite subtle. It doesn't completely ruin the profile of the boat when it's fitted. That's the outside then let's head inside. Moving inside then, sliding door to one side and then you have this drop down window. This is not exactly new, but it still works really well. And it's nice that it drops down really quite quickly. And then there's a further addition, you have this top that pulls out and sort of flops over to give you a bar sort of bar area here between the galley and the cockpit. And of course, the whole point of having his aft galley layout, so that you do have that really good connection between the two spaces. Now, this isn't the biggest galley in the class. But with the space they've got, they've done a pretty good job of including things like you know, big microwave oven, you've got a dishwasher down there, induction cooking up top, nice bit of storage, bin down there, then a really big sink with a big heavy lid that's a bit tricky to store. But when it's in place, it does extend the worktop and you've got, again, a sort of bar area where you can arrange drinks and snacks, things like that. Obviously, coffee machine is a must on an Italian boat, and then a little bit more storage at eye-level up here. Cooling spaces over on this side, obviously had to put it over here to make sure they get the floor to ceiling, domestic size fridge freezer. But yeah, you have your fridge their freezer below, that's a decent size and really is expected on a boat of this size these days. In terms of the decor you have classic and contemporary. Classic is what we have here. It's a little bit darker, but it's a really nice palette, very sort of warm and homely comfortable and talking of comfortable, it's a really nice, comfortable dinette area. Very soft cushions very easy to relax in. But also with supportive enough backrest that if you are using this to dine, you've got enough support and it feels quite comfortable for extended periods. This is actually a movable squab, so you could put it this side of the table if you wanted. So you have another seat opposite this bench. But yeah, it's a really nice space to just chill out. And interestingly, they've actually got the control for the TV over here. The idea being that you push this button from over here, because this is where you're going to watch the TV from. So why not have the button over on this side, then close to the TV. And that just pops up from the sofa over there. This is actually an option you can have a fixed TV, a much bigger fixed TV but that's almost floor mounted so you lose this sofa. Personally, I think having the sofa is nice, a bit more socialising space in here, you still get a decent enough TV it's just not quite as big as the fixed one. As I said out in the water, this is an option. If you want to have a little bit more floor space, you might just want to have a single helm especially if the seating is quite intimate. But I think if you feel you're going to use his helm a lot like upstairs nice to have the two seats so that you can have some company and a navigator when the boat's moving along. Last thing to say up here then is, this little storage section here. You can see this is probably what you're gonna use it for, chucking in all the instrument covers and things like that. But these are really useful spaces, even on boats this big, just having somewhere to chuck stuff. Very, very useful. Let's head downstairs. It's a three cabin layout on the 580 but you can have two or three bathrooms. And I would go for the two bathroom version for reasons I'll explain in a moment. We'll start here though with the twin cabin. This one's a starboard, it's the third guest cabin, but it's still a nice space, you've got a couple of good size berths. You've got full sized hanging locker in here and a decent amount of natural light as well because the window extends down here too. It hasn't got access to its own bathroom, but you have got the day head just around the corner, we'll look at that in a moment. But I think we should head through to the master now. Because I think this is really what sets this boat apart. This lovely mezzanine effect you get looking over the cabin, it's a lovely lower deck on this boat. They've worked very hard to make it feel different and special. And It most certainly does. And I love the fact that you arrived, look down the main cabin, you've got this nice raised bureau here and an enormous ensuite and that is what you lose a bit of space in if you have the three bathroom version, I just don't think you need it on about this size, three bathrooms feels a bit like overkill, I think two - VIP is ensuite with a day head and this big owner's ensuite works perfectly. You run down a little staircase here and then you're into the main cabin. And it's great because it drops down you've got plenty of headroom overhead is pretty much flat, there is a lip over this side, but even so the ceiling goes up so someone of six foot can still walk around to that side of the bed and look at the size of this bed. It's absolutely huge for a boat of this size. Set nice and low as well, so it's easy to get in and out of. The television is set into the mirror here. So when it's off, you've just got mirrored space there and it's not this sort of big thing hanging on the wall so that works nicely. And storage is good as well big hanging lockers by the mezzanine and then lots of nice drawer and cupboard storage down here. So you should be able to squirrel away all of your kit if you're on here for a long time. And the use of materials is lovely as well. The woodwork's great, sort of matte walnut, that looks lovely. And I like the use of fabric too, the grey fabric that you see throughout. Quite warm, quite homely and just changes the aesthetic of it so it's not all just big panels of timber. It's a really stylish space as you'd expect from Ferretti. Moving forward we have the last cabin, which is the VIP and as we head there, I mentioned you have access to the day head which is just here. Good size and that is ensuite to the VIP forward. Also worth pointing out that here you have access to the washer dryer - it's an option, if you have it, that's where it goes. And again, just use all storage here they've got pillows and things in here, you just can't have enough of this stuff on a boat of this size. We're into the VIP and you can probably see one of the issues, that there isn't a huge amount of space at the end of this bed to get changed or to pass by. And also they haven't gone for a split door. So the door gobbles up quite a lot of room as well. And they're big, chunky, very, very nice doors and lovely handles look and feel very classy. But they do eat into this cabin a little bit and it's a bit of a step up into the bed as well. It's not set at that same height as the owners cabin. Storage is good though again, big hanging lockers either side, storage dotted all around the side and you've got repeaters and plug sockets by the bed as well. So that's handy, and a reasonable run of hull window. No skylight in this cabin, there's an escape hatch, but there's no actual skylight to bring natural light down into here. But the benefit this cabin has, of course, is the direct access to the day head. A crew cabin is an option on the 580 this particular boat doesn't have it but we'll cut in a shot of it from the Dusseldorf boat, what we can look at now is the engine room. Engine room access is pretty good. There's a really nice big hatch in the cockpit and you drop down a teak ladder right between the two motors. As I said the're mounted on V-drives so they're a bit further back you just see those V-drive shafts running underneath the engine here. Access inboard is really very good. It's much more of a squeeze to get outside of the engines but a nimble engineer could just about clamber over the other side. You have the Seakeeper mounted right aft here underneath the ladder and then this boat's actually got a Watermaker fitted and that's fitted up here. Again, pretty easy to access. Generator up at the top corner. That's easy enough to get to and all the day-to-day stuff is absolutely fine. Dipstick, oil checks, water filters, all that stuff that you're gonna want to check on a regular basis is pretty good. You know, this size of boat you can't expect standing headroom really in an engine room. It's obviously fine where the hatch is when you first come down to have a look around. Then when you move forward, it's sort of stooping room only, but in terms of engineering and fit out, it all seems pretty good. Thank you very much for watching that sea trial and tour. If you enjoyed it, please do give it a like and if you'd like to watch a sea trial of one of this boat's key rivals, the Princess F55, you can click up here and if you would like to subscribe to YachtBuyer click up here. Thanks again

  Top Comments:
  1. @Yachtbuyer [2 likes]: Our written review of the FERRETTI 580 is now live! Follow the link for the detailed review, deck plans & rivals: www.yachtbuyer.com/en/reviews/ferretti-yachts-580-2022
  2. @rpdx3: Seems like a not very well thought out boat.
  3. @JamesAllenHe: “Oh, naughty boy” 😂
  4. @MDlbrahim-e8d: Nice
  5. @julekhajuli2245: Nice
  6. @MdshafayetIslam-x4b: Nice product
  7. @MdMituMia-cz8tj: Nice
  8. @JonyAkther-y1o: Nice video
  9. @MdShakil-hm3yw: Nice Video
  10. @ShipaBegum-j6g: Good
  11. @KuhilyAkter-j8n: Nice
  12. @KaziNirob-x2o: Nice
  13. @MdSamir-j9e: Nice review
  14. @Tanisha-j5n: Wow
  15. @Ramij-q6w: Good
  16. @RakibAhmed-jk5cv: Nice video
  17. @MdAbdussakur-l7y: Good products
  18. @Md.Abu.Taher1: Nice video
  19. @MdApon-s8h8h: Good
  20. @RakibAlhasan-c5l: Good products

- Ferretti 580 yacht tour | Brand new model with an owner's cabin to die for | Motor Boat & Yachting: Kind: captions Language: en welcome to the 2023 Dusseldorf boat show where behind me is one of the big new launches at the show this is the brand new Ferretti 580 flybridge now this is one of their smaller entry-level boats but there's also a lot of detail and some really interesting new ideas on board this boat so we're going to do a complete tour show you everything there is to see and let's start here so we've got a very lovely new sporty exterior by Felipe salvetti he's a very well-known Italian designer and he's just made the whole thing look a little lower a little linear a little sportier with some really big new rebated windows in the hull that add a certain sophistication to it a little bit edgier than normal but there's also some really clever stuff going on inside so we just paused briefly here we can see some of the stats so it is just over 59 foot long the prices start at about 1.6 million euros X vat and it's powered by a pair of Volvo D13 either 900 or 1000 horsepower engines that with the bigger of the two options we'll get a top speed of around about 30 to 32 knots now here at the stern we've got a really big hydraulic platform this is large enough for a Williams 435 so that drops down you can obviously launch the tender from there recover it we've also got a really big storage area here you can see underneath this clamshell lid that lifts up and there's plenty of space for fenders and lines it's not much more than that it's not like a tender stowage or anything like that but handy to have ropes and lines and fenders right at the back there got nice big wide entry under lit on both sides of the cockpit and these feretti stainless steel Gates now you can see these are the fair leads for the ropes so they're all nicely tucked away under a little folding lid there so you've got a hydraulic sorry electric winch and of course the cleats and then there's a bin end for the Tails of the ropes which you see there's a little drain in there so even if the ropes are wet that will all just drain away now this bench is rather clever the scatter curtains are literally scattered at the moment but if we pass those over there you can see that it's really deep at the moment and that's because the idea is that this whole table drops down you can see we've got extending sides here and it's on a high low leg so that drops down both these sections fold out and that whole thing sinks down with cushions on top that then makes a full length sump pad so you can spread that out and have a full length Sun pad or indeed this backrest swings over into place here so that you can then have a more natural seating position against the table now there's something else going on here that I just wanted to show you I apologize for the music behind me it's party time at the show but because it's in the evening it's a little bit emptier so you get a bit more space and time on the boat so under here is in fact a crew cabin now this is optional you can just have this as storage but you can see that there is albeit rather small crew cabin down there now I have been down there and it's pretty steep there's a pretty vertical ladder so it's not the easiest to get into and there's not a lot of natural light if I'm honest but it is a space either for storage and there is even a shower and toilet tucked away in there so you're not going to want to spend a lot of time down there but I guess you can't really complain about at least having the option but I think most people on this size of boat are just going to use that as a big storage lazarette so pop those cushions down and let's have a quick look around the outsizers first so really really lovely teak on here I don't know if you can see but it's got this kind of silvery gray caulking in between which just sets off the kind of Honey color of the teak but really nice wide walkway along subtle underlit lighting really nice touch and a good big wide walkways quite tall stainless steel railings the only thing that bugs me a little bit is this navigation light it just sticks out a little bit and it's perfectly at shoulder height for someone like me so when I come down there it gives me a little nudge over to the side but it's a very small point now this leads up to the four deck area and what you notice here is just how wide and beamy this forward bow section is quite often it's a bit pinched but this is a really good wide space you've got a big sun bed on the front here there's plenty of space to walk around and just that tiny little step there otherwise the side decks are completely flat really good big sofas on either side and these are nice touch I know it's a small detail but just having a draining lock in there you could fill that with ice put a couple of beers in there but it's also just rather nice having a bit of tea there adds a bit of color otherwise you just get a load of white grp and again take drinks holders there decent space for The Mooring tackle you can see we've got the anchor here and these these look a little bit narrow to be honest these Fair leads here so these are the fair leads which come back to the cleats some of those just look a little bit tight for the ground Mooring lines but we'll see I'm sure that can easily be adjusted if needs be we've got the anchor lockers see if I can open one of them so there you can see it's all part of the same Locker you've got all the anchor chain down there and of course remote control for the anchor itself just drop that back down again shut that there we go that we can carry on this way so you can see exactly the same walkway back down this side huge big windows and there's that slightly annoying little navigation light again come back down and let's go up to the fly bridge first of all and you can see just how wide these steps are so nice shallow rake on it and a really wide entrance and that makes a big difference often it can feel a little bit precarious but you've got good grab rails either side nice deep solid Tech steps and then up onto the fly bridge and this again is a really clever spacious layout so you've got a full wrap of seating around the end here you can see that this table folds out it's become a complete full-size table so you get lots and lots of dining space we've got a wet bar on this side slightly different so you can see that's just a sort of Mass Effect whereas that's the full gloss grp now this hasn't got the Grille fitted but you obviously can have a grill put in there there's a small sink under here you can have fridges and ice makers I think this has got a fridge in here but you can have an ice maker in that side if you want so it's very much up to you how you spec that I think that's just a little storage extra facility and somewhere for the fire extinguisher then These are nice details you can see how the extension on this small kind of chaise long area again that's just made in teak and it looks like it's well not quite like it's floating but being able to get your feet under there it just makes it much less clunky and it somehow makes the whole Space feel a little bit more open a little bit more detailed the similar thing with the helm station it's like a small floating pod so just much less chunkier than you would normally get all the same features are here we've got a an adjustable seat that folds up the classic feretti steering wheel huge big vertical steering wheel truffles on the left hand side Center joystick now I don't know if you've come across these before but a little bit like the IPS style joystick it works the same in as far as you just nudge it or twist it in the direction you want the boat to move but because you haven't got steerable pods what it does is it controls the bow thruster and the two engines it links them both together and uses them in conjunction to create the movement you want to do so if you want to go sideways you just do that it will engage the bow thruster one engine forward one in reverse and the whole boat will just shift sideways now we've got Interceptor trim tabs big buttons for those they're just the Interceptor plates that come down and even though they're vertical they're actually more efficient than the usual Tim tabs at the back of the boat and then this huge huge sunpad area in front of the helm itself quite unusual really nice you get a lovely big space obviously it means that you get full sun because the canopy you can you can have a hard top up here but the canopy itself obviously only covers the central section where you're dining and then you've got nice exposed Sun beds up front I think the only possible downside of that is that the helm station is a long way back from the windscreen so the wind that is going to be coming over there will probably curl back down and into the Helms person's face but to be honest I guess if you're driving outside that's what you want you want a bit of wind in your hair but it just means you're not going to get quite as much shelter as if the helm was physically closer to that forward windshield so let's drop back down again have a look around the rest of the boats I'm sorry we're fighting with the music it always tends to be the way at these boat shows so the cockpit itself really good size it's a lot longer for a 59-foot boat that is a really long cockpit and again it just feels much less cramped particularly if you've got the doors closed which you will a lot of the time if it's cold or if you're air conditioning just means you've got a really good sized space outside here there's a couple of little details here you can see there is an optional extra Helm station so particularly the Mediterranean where your Mooring Stern too that is absolutely perfect obviously pull the throttles back into the driving position you've got both thrusters there haven't got the second joystick but you've got the throttle controls control of the thrusters and stop start for the engines really handy to have it's also like a mini wet bar you can in fact have a an ice maker in there at the moment they're just storage but you can't have an ice maker in there and again you've got some more storage under here I don't think there's anything special it's literally just storage we'll have a look at the engines under there but they're under this big hatch and it is a big hatch that's another benefit of having a long long cockpit it means you have a much bigger hatch down into the engine room now it's all on one level that is absolutely key to this boat there's a few step changes as possible so you can see there's a drain there so if any water does come on board it will drain away but it's all on the same level as the galley now feretti were one of the first people to come up with an aft Galley and they've used it to really good effect here and in the past what they had was a window that swung up underneath this flybridge overhang but what they've done here is a little bit more sophisticated so if you see this button under here if I press that that window just was straight up and locks into place up there the door on that side obviously slides across but the beauty of having it like this is not only is it much quicker and lighter and doesn't involve lifting a big window but once it's down in place you can then lift this up now this is quite tricky to do one-handed but this section lifts up folds over and then you've got a rather lovely little serving hatch area right next to the galley a galley itself relatively compact but got everything you need you've got a little mini dishwasher under there got an oven got the flooring induction hob sink here now this is a really good size sink but the only trouble is you've got this great big cover here and there is nowhere for that to store at the moment so a little bit awkward ideally you'd have somewhere that you could slot that behind the sofa and keep it out of the way but I'm sure there'll be somewhere you can find for it plenty of storage underneath a little more storage overhead quite neat you see it's all fiddled so special place for the salt and pepper and the bowls lots of that and then this unit here that big glass section swings open and there's a rather handy little wine fridge perfectly located for the cockpit as well as the galley and then over on this side you've got a full height fridge freezer just flick that open but you get the picture there's a fridge up above freezer down below this is the AV cupboard so all the kind of music and video and entertainment now there are two different options in terms of the Interior two basic designs as the classic design and the modern Design This is the classic which has a slightly warmer tone you can see slightly darker I think it's probably Walnut but there is a light oak finish as well and a bit more contrasty in the modern one but actually this is a nice sort of compromise between modern and cozy got big windows on either side this is a high low TV obviously that drops down into there so you can enjoy the views out really big seating area on this side and this is another nice clever touch this looks like one complete sofa unit but actually this is a freestanding stool so that you can move that across and have an extra dining Space by the table tiny little touch but actually it makes a huge difference a lot of the time you have these c-shaped sofas and then you have to create some sort of directors folding chair or something that a bit clunky to to make sure you can sit on this side but actually that's a much better solution just having a movable stool that slides back into place acts as a big sofa when you're not using it but plenty of dining space when you do want to you can see that whole table slides backwards and forwards so it's perfectly in space and of course it folds over but you have to move that now the helm station classic Freddy again we've got the big vertical wheel two big seats now the only disadvantage of these is there's no sliding back and forwards they are just fixed seats fixed height most of the time that's going to work if you if you're a fairly typical sized human for want of a better word I fit fine here quite a decent standing position and the other thing they've managed to get rid of the mullion in the middle of the windscreen so really nice just to have a one-piece windscreen I think the only slight disadvantage is that this comes quite a long way down so there's a slightly restricted view in some ways when you're sitting down get a slightly lower position where you can see a little bit more now the other interesting thing about this Helm station is it's the first thing that they've actually 3D printed so rather than making a mold for this they literally 3D print the frame for these screens so that whole frame unit that pod if you like is 3D printed now there's that Center joystick again the throttles bow and Stern thrusters from side power Interceptor tabs and this is rather a nice feature it's very simple it's just an opening window but it's a manual one you squeeze that together and then pull it down and that locks into place so it's not quite full door but I think it will go one stage further but I might need two hands to do that but just means you have a window for a bit of ventilation and to be able to communicate with the crew but also locks into place and it's a very sturdy boat this is category a rcd design so really good sea keeping and that's the kind of typical example rather than having a fancy but potentially vulnerable window it's a really sturdy waterproof design okay let's go and have a look downstairs on the lower deck and see we've got four or five steps down and then there are several well the two different options here you can either have two or it's three cabins all the time but either two or three bathrooms and I'll explain why in a minute so let's move forward to the VIP cabin first of all so this is in the bow and here you can see the benefit of that really beamy bear that carries a long way forward so there's plenty of width in here we've got some decent sized Hull Windows letting light in really good wide bed comes in a little bit tapers just a little bit at the head there but really plenty of space for two to sleep in there in considerable Comfort there's lots of little lockers all the way along here even though they're tiny you can literally more or less just get your toothbrush in there or maybe your lipstick or a bit of jewelry but nevertheless it's nice to see that they're making the effort to use all the space that's available there's a couple of bigger hanging lockers on either side ideally it'd be nice to have an automatic light in here just to shed a bit of light but that may well be something that they add later this is technically still a prototype now under the bed here I think if we lift up this mattress I can see there is a little Locker lid and there we go see these are Big storage area under the bed always useful that particularly for kind of um suitcases and things so once you've got on board the boat you often find that you've unpacked all your clothes but there's nowhere to put the actual bag so really handy to have that now there is an ensuite bathroom here this is the two bathroom boat so in this instance this bathroom actually doubles as the day heads you can see that there is a basin behind the door and then a shower in there with a small opening port hole in the window very nice to have a bit of ventilation just to let any water vapor humidity out and this is the second exit so there is a second entrance out into the Corridor there so that it can be used as the day heads if you go for the two bathroom design now whilst we're in this Corridor it's worth opening that you can see there is room for a washer dryer down there and actually another secret under here these steps lift up there's actually a really big storage space under there it's a bit dark at the moment you probably need a light in there but you can actually put a washer dryer down there if you need to so really good to see that all the space is used now this is the third Cab in the guest cabin and actually this is really tall for a for a third twin cabin look at the Headroom above here so really unusual to get a third cabin with that much hedrum and even if you're not that tall it just means the whole Space feels bigger and airier and a bit less cramped the only thing I have noticed in here beds are a little bit narrow and actually the only storage is this hanging Locker here so fine you can get your shirts and trousers hanging up but there's only that one storage space for shoes or socks or smaller bits and pieces now this is the big surprise so if you go for the two bathroom and three cabin boats the big win is this fast lobby area in the owner's cabin so as you come through the door you have this huge extra space here wow so it's not huge but it makes the whole cabin feel much much bigger because you've got this free standing space around here there's a lovely little desk space here there's a big wardrobe again ideally I'd like a an automatic light in there but a really big hanging wardrobe and then this glass screen down into the cabin a couple of bookshelves there it's a small thing but it makes a huge difference the whole Space just feels bigger because you're not just in one square bedroom you've got this extra Lobby space here this gives onto the bathroom we'll just have a quick look in there so you can see you've got your ensuite bathroom lovely bit of marble long sink walk-in shower here is a relatively narrow space this I don't know how much you can see in there but it is a little bit just about get your shoulders in but there's obviously enough length this way to have a shower there got the loo except right here again more storage behind there more storage above there lots of lovely wood but look at this this is the real benefit when you drop down into the main sleeping area look at that for a owner's cabin obviously full beam flat four at least up until that starboard side of the bed but flat floor all the way around here flat ceiling overhead again masses of Headroom look at that there's a good probably five six inches above my head really big side windows on both sides sofa on this side lots of little detail all the way along here even a tiny little drawer under there storage behind the sofa there big king-sized bed lots more storage on that side there is a television behind there I think is that a glass I can't honestly well I don't want to leave fingerprints all over but I think you can have a television put in there more storage on this side again another hanging Locker lots more storage but it's just the space so there's a small step up here but again there is a cut out here so even on this side of the bed you can still stand so for a 58-foot boat that is a really tremendous cabin space just look at that and that that little entrance way with that desk really makes it special so what happens if you go for the three cabin sorry the three bathroom boat what happens is that this bathroom all moves back into this space you get the extra bathroom and day heads opposite the twins the twin cabin but you lose this little lobby area here so that's the compromise unit so let's see if we can go and have a look at the engines there's that big hatch I mentioned earlier now it has got a couple of gas struts to help take the way to that and then there's a ladder down but let's see if we can virtually make our way down is the engine room here we go it's got nice teak steps on it takes the edge off on bare feet and here are those two Volvo D13 now this has got the optional thousand horsepower engines and you can see that these are on V drive so rather than the shafts coming straight out the back this whole engine is a tilted at a slight angle that goes down into a gearbox this side and then the shaft reverses back out this way underneath the engine and it's a way of packaging the whole thing a little bit further back than would normally be the case otherwise the engine would have to be further forward under the saloon so it just just creates more space down below enables you to get a big engine but keep it quite a long way back now lovely bit of engineering back here you can see we've got absolutely everything beautifully arranged we've got the fire suppression system we've got what looks like uh we've got an Onan generator over here we've got Hydraulics I think we've got a water maker by the looks of things but actually for a 58-foot boat that is a very nicely arranged oh there's the sea keeper I thought there would be one under this little bench unit here you can see there is a sea keeper nine stabilizer and that is a really fast spinning gyroscope inside a vacuum sealed unit that enables it to spin that much faster because there's no friction from the air and that creates the procession that you need to actually physically stop the boat rocking from side to side and works brilliantly both underway and at rest so let's uh climb up from that well that is the veretti 580 I hope you've enjoyed this Whistle Stop tour of this latest launch from the Ferretti group let me know what you think about the boat in the comments below and I'll look forward to seeing you on the next one [Music] thank you

  Top Comments:
  1. @jacobyrassilon [6 likes]: So i have a silly little question.....when you are grilling on a yacht....where does all of the grease go? Is there a collection plate somewhere or does it drain into another part or does it just stay there? Sorry, I know it's a silly questions, but one that has been bothering me for awhile.
  2. @ironichumorist [6 likes]: nice to see the italians are not going in the same profile shape as are princess and sunseeker.  much cleaner looking. however, a crew cabin on a boat like this is a complete waste of space and the crew cabin on this particular vessel is just silly. not a fan of the arrangement of the flybridge on this model. i find the galley to be perfectly proportioned for a boat this size in contrast to many other manufacturers where we are seeing the galley grow out of all proportion for the rest of the boat.  it seems many now apportion galley space 50/50 with the saloon which make no sense at all. most importantly it is nice to see a 58 foot production boat designed to category A
  3. @jasonberger9037 [4 likes]: very nice video. great job showing it. wish the crew quarter could somehow be more of a beach club. since you can have a head down there, would be nice to access that space from the swim platform someway
  4. @rtbinc2273 [2 likes]: Thought it was a really interesting boat. Everyone puts in a silly crew cabin like that. The ones on Princesses of this size are as bad. They really are just a storage space.
  5. @koenigseggkid1678 [2 likes]: That's the most disrespectful crew cabin I've ever seen. And before you even lifted it up I was like watch this be a crew cabin or some bs under there. I didn't think it would actually be one. Not to mention right above the engines.
  6. @mareewalker1096 [2 likes]: There is riva pershing ferriti then the rest! Princess are close but there my top 3 production builders!
  7. @haraldarendsen9372 [1 likes]: This is a good review. A critical but fair review. Mentioning the good and 'bad' - including ergonomics.
  8. @monikavogt8828 [1 likes]: Thank you for this Yacht Tour, Hugo! From the first View of the Outside I was enthused. What a Killer I thought! But the Interior, Layout and Materials inside did not convince me. Sorry! The Flybridge is not very clever designed with this big unusable Table. Also no Table in the Bow. The Cabins are looking like a Mobilehome from out of the 90 s. I would not spend 2 Million for this Boat. It is only my Opinion.
  9. @steve8758 [1 likes]: Italians do it best then the Brits
  10. @cookiemonster2299 [1 likes]: Always great to see your tours, cheers. 👍❤️🇬🇧
  11. @filippoff8489: Ferretti doesn't need the "suggestions" down here. They know how to do boats.
  12. @cruise35able: For 1.6mil euro 
Azimut fly 53 vs ferretti 580 vs sunseeker superhawk 55
  13. @denispatrice5522: Thank you for the great walkaround. Nevertheless, this boat is not up to what the name "Ferretti" would suggest, and globally does not stand the competion on the rather crowded segment of 55'-60' flybridge boats. Too many things are just ordinary, too small, inadequately positioned, the list would be too long to mention. And from the outside esthetic, not even a "marina queen".
  14. @jchill5229: You brought up a good point about the side light sticking out. A bigger flaw is the table up on the fly. When folded out to use are you expected to crawl underneath to get out?  There is no room on either side to get out from behind the table.  🤔
  15. @stephencook6427: to lotus eletre replied  ,the cabin  were you have to clime in has a bed in it , a  shower  and a toilet and hugo did say crew cabin   and as for the master cabin shower  i stand by what i say  poor quality ,this boat cost over a million ,not three pound and 20p  and you can keep the desk , who is the designer  of this  boat paddy meccano , get a grip  its been chucked together with no real thought
  16. @lotuseletre8724: This 580 should be the entry level model for Ferretti. They should discontinue the 500.  The 580 definitly stands out vs other 50ish ft competitors.
  17. @stephencook6427: its a very poor design hugo , its as simple as that, the crew cabin is a joke, and that shower ...my god  some people just dont get it
  18. @lajucb: Uninspiring I’m afraid. Too many boats in this class are better.
  19. @markshutt1476: Could be a very nice boat, just needs a bit of refining.  Lower helm needs adjustable chairs and improved visibility, though I like the layout.  I like the owner's cabin, but think you need to lose some of the "extra" space to increase shower size.  I do like the exterior spaces and the crew cabin, which, of course, is just extra storage space.  Thanks for the tour, Hugo.
  20. @sirmurf: I don’t quite get Ferretti.

- Cinema Room or Extra Cabin? | Ferretti 860 Test Drive, Tour & Review | YachtBuyer: Kind: captions Language: en-GB Jack Haines: We're on the Ferretti stand to test this the all new 860. It replaces the 850, and it slots into the range between the 780 and the 920. You have this boat with four cabins, and you know that with twin 1,800 or 2,000 horsepower, MAN engines for top speed of around 30 knots and Ferretti have actually sold 16 of these already. So, clearly they're doing something right. We're going to jump on board with a load of other journalists. So it's going to be busy, it's going to be chaotic, but we're going to show you as much of this boat as we possibly can. Let's go. Now there are nine journalists on board and a few crews so it's quite busy, we're going to bump into people but, hey, that's boat shows. But we're going to start up here because A: it's nice and empty, and B: It's a really great place to be when you're just coming out slowly like we are now. This is a proper living area in itself. You have this U shaped seating these all have pop-up backrests so you can make them a bit more comfortable if you want to sit around this table and dine. Obviously you've got these really nice sofas here. Nicely reclined, you've got cup holders in the middle and they're finished with a bit of teak as well so, they look really really smart. And if we move aft, you're on these really really well protected side decks and something that is a key feature of the 860 is these open boardwalks and you'll really see that effects were inside the saloon because you've got floor to ceiling windows. And then this broken boardwalk means you have really good views out over the water from inside the saloon. Nice and protected. We've got good cover overhead as well, so you know you've got this really, really high boardwalk too. So even though they've split, you've still got railings, you still-look this comes up to pretty much armpit level. It does feel nice and secure. You've got this covered section here as well. It was nice that they've got glass in here so that again, the view isn't disturbed. And then one of the key things about the design of this boat is what they've done in the cockpit. So let's have a look at that. Yeah, so one of the key features about the 860 is the reorientation of this cockpit, so the benches aren't aligned facing into the boat. They're aligned, along the centerline like this. So you have a really nice even view for everybody sitting around the table. Obviously, that's helped by having the perspex transom as well. It's like inside, it's that connection to the water. So you have the brakes and the ball walks, you have the glass transom, just making sure you've got as good a view of your surroundings as possible. When you're there, having lunch out on the water Up to the flybridge while it's quiet, let's make the most of it. It's a big one, and as you can see, it's pretty much open space back here. Room for freestanding furniture. There's sun lounges on this one, but yeah, that's pretty much free for whatever you want to do with it. Hardtop overhead is standard but there are some choices with the sunroof, this boats got fixed glass, you can have a slatted sunroof which sort of opens up like this so you can have a more traditional canvas roof that peels all the way back and gives you the biggest aperture. I think that's the best option to be honest because it makes it the most flexible space. Big table here on the port side there's a cutout in the middle so you can remove that leaving a space in the middle so that people on the bench aren't trapped in when you're having lunch. And it's opposite this big split wet bar. So forward you have the grill, big grill, really nice sized hot plate and grill there. Really big, substantial, heavy lid, and then on this side you have storage cooling space and the sink which again is big and a huge heavy lid. I hope to god there's somewhere to store that-ah there is that just slots in there, because that is a big piece that you do not want flapping around. And then you have your sink there, pop up tap. All you need up here to serve guests during the day. Forward of course you have a helm station, and then just a nice big swathe of sunbathing space this little fiddled airy area here with a drain you can put phones in there or loose items down there, there's cup holders, just a nice place to chill out in the shape of the hardtop. Well, this really is first impressions first time, I've sat at the helm of this boat. She's got 2,000 horsepower, as I said, twin MAN diesels. Lets see what she can do. That's 10 knots, and that's a combined fuel usage of 200 litres an hour but obviously you'll stay at that speed if you want to try and conserve fuel, but she will top 30 knots so amazingly given the heft of this boat you can really get a bit of a move on. You may be able to tell already it's quite blustery. You haven't got a huge amount of protection up here. There is no windscreen to speak of, so it's quite blowy. That said, for a Ferretti, there is quite a lot of adjustment in this helm. Because usually you just had a fixed bench but now you've got split seats and a bolster function, i'n just sitting as you can see slightly perched on the edge of this seat, but it's certainly a very commanding driving position with the screens nice and close to you, everything is within easy reach and you can look at all the dials really comfortably. Now this has got Zenter hydro electronic steering system, so the steering is incredibly light. It's twin shaft drives between runners, but much like your car, the wheel sells centers. So the boat brings itself back to the straight and narrow, which for a boat does take a little bit of getting used to. It's much like when you're spinning out of a junction on your car, you let the wheel run back through your hands. It's quite an odd sensation of something of this size. Actually, it works really nicely, and for something this big, it's actually remarkably agile. The turning circle is really quite neat, doesn't just ponderously wander about, it does turn around really, quite nicely. Let's see what we get flat out. That's wide open throttle now. With the wheel going back it feels slightly strange. 2,300 RPM 750 litres an hour, but we are traveling at pretty much top speed and we're just creeping up towards 30 knots. You have got an 1,800 horsepower engine option. I don't imagine many people will go for that, because when you load this up with kit, cruising kit you can get, as I said, a tender and a jet ski in the garage, you're probably going to want that extra power and it's not going to cost a huge amount to have it. We've just ticked over to, to 30 knots. But very rarely are you going to want to travel at that speed. So we'll just take it back, 22-23 That feels really very relaxing, you can sit back in the chair and just enjoy the ride. Now there is the option to have a joystick on this boat, if you want. And that also has, they call it a virtual anchor so you can push a button and it uses the thrusters and the shaft to keep the boat in the same position much like Skyhook or the system they use on on IPS. And obviously you can use that joystick to maneuver the boat as well, this boat hasn't got out you've just got a pair of throttles and you've got your Sleipnir proportional bow and stern thrusters. Overall, it's a pretty impressive thing to take the helm off. Just to mention range quickly. The cruising speed quoted by Ferretti, the efficient fast crusing of speed is 27 knots, and there you've got a range of 300 nautical miles, which is actually pretty good going, considering you're traveling at nearly 30 knots, but then you have got a 7,000 litre fuel capacity. So that's what she's like to drive. Let's go and check out The saloon does feel very different to the boat that this the rest of the boat. replaces, the 850. It's much more open, it's much brighter. As I said on the side deck, you can really see the effect of those floors, the ceiling windows here, how they dive down behind the furniture, and you've got that break in the boardwalk. So even if you're sitting down, in these very stylish sofas, you've got a great view out over the water, enormous TV on this boat here to port, it's not hidden away. There it is, right there opposite the sofa, of course, and there are a couple of different layouts you could have with the dining table. You can have a slightly longer one if you prefer, this is obviously a bit a bit square, maybe a bit more sort of informal. And you notice again that you have dark wood on this boat but there is a light wood option as well, Ferretti call them moods but you know there's a there's a mix of palettes that you can have your own choice, and then you have sliding doors here. These are in a nice position because they're behind the dining table, so you get a nice bit of breeze running through if you're you're eating inside and again, it gives guests another access point out on the side decks. Obviously you have the cockpit doors aft as well. If you have the boat cruise, which a lot of the time people will on a boat of this size, then you can partition this off and you have the galley here with direct access out to the side deck. Full size fridge freezer, really good Siemens induction cooking facilities, good size oven as well. Obviously, guests are going to be living on this boat for a long time. So you can cater for them pretty properly inside here loads of storage, and yeah, domestic size appliances. And then the crew can come out here, there's a day head through here that guests will use during the days so they don't have to dive onto the lower deck to go and use the toilet. And then forward up a couple of steps. You have the crew space. And I would say the crew living on this boat at the moment because there's stuff everywhere but yeah, it's in use. So that's the excuse for that. You got a little dinette down here so that people can come up and join whoever's driving, have a bit of a chat and enjoy the ride. And then you have your lower helm station, really imposing, three massive screens. Typical Ferretti, everything is laid completely flat in front of you. So you have to stand up and see everything, but there are two nice comfortable bucket seats as well. And the last area of this more crew focused space is of course the sleeping quarters now the crew are on board. So, it's locked up and we won't intrude but just to give you an idea of, you know the space down here and where it is on the boat. We're right forward here, so the crew space isn't aft like it often is on boats this sizes. It's right forward. Got two cabins, a bathroom, and that's your lot. And then you're on the lower deck where you find all of the accommodation obviously starting with this, the master cabin. It's full beam and one of the changes again over the 850 is that it's bathroom used to be tucked in a corner. On this boat, the bathroom runs almost the full width behind the bed. Not only does that give you a bigger bathroom, but it's another level of insulation between the bed and the machinery space, which is back that way. And as you can tell we're running at the moment and sound levels are actually still pretty contained. Considering there's 4,000 horsepower, just through that bulkhead. This is a lovely space, plenty of headroom, flat floor, nice big bed, another enormous television and a separate walk-in-wardrobe just over to that side. We keep walking through, you can get a feel for the layout of the rest of the accommodation, big mirrored wall on this side, and then you get to the guest cabins. So here to starboard with you have a double with an ensuite. Again that's a really nice size, good size bathroom, very luxurious cabin that one. Then there's a twin on this side. Again, it's a slightly smaller cabin, but you've still got that same level of headroom. It also has its own bathroom. It's slightly more compact, but it's still has a separate shower cubicle. Still a very nice space and then moving forward, you're in the vip cabin. Now this is an interesting layout in and of itself because you're a couple of steps up and then actually you don't have the bed at the forward end like you would ordinarily in a VIP, it's actually coming across the centerline with the bathroom on this side but it does feel like you get a bit more space in here using that layout. You can walk all the way around the bed. There are no level changes in and out of the bed. Again headrooms great, you've got a bureau you've got a full height hanging wardrobe and a really nice size ensuite. Now one change you can make is in the master cabin, you can have a cinema room with no bed in it. Just a big sofa, place to chill out if you don't want that full beam master. It's about 30 degrees here in Cannes, but because the blowers in this engine room is so efficient. It's pretty much the coolest place on the boat. It's amazing. I mean this is a really good engine space. As you can see access through the cockpit, down the ladder and then full standing room certainly here in the middle engines flank you, their big old blocks that said, but access is pretty good. The dipsticks are tucked right down that end though, so it's a bit of a clamber to go and check the oil but most of the daily service checks are very easy to complete. You just lose a bit of headroom towards the aft end because this is the molding for the tender garage. There are some nice Ferretti touches as well like the fact you've got this wandering light on a retractable cable so if you're down in the darkest parts of the engine room. You could illuminate that without having to use your iPhone torch. Got twin generators either side, these big exhaust units. Yeah, it's a really proper installation this, and a nice place to work So there you have it a bit smash and grab but hopefully that's given you a feel of what the Ferretti 860 is like. I do hope you enjoyed this video. If you did, please give it a LIKE and remember to subscribe and hit the bell icon so you're notified every time we upload a new video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Yachtbuyer [2 likes]: If you'd like to see the Deck Plan & our Star Rating of this boat, visit https://www.yachtbuyer.com/en-gb/reviews/ferretti-yachts-860-2022
  2. @Hadjotruth55 [1 likes]: The loud sound of the engines through the bulkhead of the master suite makes this yacht undesirable. There are much better design configurations on the market.
  3. @michaelschneider3446 [1 likes]: Nice to hear the sound in the different cabins while underway. 
Would you please do the same for the Cranchi 67 and 78? That would be highly appreciated
  4. @nasosnasos8054 [1 likes]: Price ?
  5. @cruise35able [1 likes]: Ferretti 860 the fierce Competitor of azimut grande 26 metri n dreamline 26
  6. @PowerYacht [1 likes]: Really well done for the review!  Some impressive details like the stability of the boat in the cabins under way (or was that camera software adjusted), the temperature in the engine room, and last but not least the low sound levels in the cabins while running not only from the engines but also water slapping etc (i could not hear anything in the filming).  As for defects possibly the windage in the upper helm (i also think the plexiglass around the sunpad should be a bit higher), and I would have like to hear the opinion on the side views from the lower helm station.  Congratulations on the new channel!
  7. @sophiedolman2230 [1 likes]: This is painful. What headroom, how much space, room in bathroom, galley, engine room??? What is going on. Its called  Yatch Buyer, so show the yatch?? If not, then call the channel, "Camera man in love with Jack" Jeez, what a waste of time !
  8. @sirmurf [1 likes]: You don’t see many Ferretti videos, and I’ve wondered what exactly these were about. What I found most interesting was that quick graphic at the start of the driving section.

It’s a Cat A. Most of the compete at this size are Cat B. That’s a significant difference. Says something about the way it is built.
  9. @msilsby: Always amused how the people that are selling the product are treated average. 

You shouldn't have to worry about other journos...You are doing their job for them. Personally, I would avoid any yacht manufacturer who was incapable of treating the journos with Respect, because if they aren't treating you with respect, what are they like with the buyers?
  10. @arthurn8952: I would not want to hear that awful sound from the master. Great colour palette and amazing interior
  11. @barryram2605: Beautiful pieces of equipment, but although I can afford it, I would never buy one, it's fun to rent for a couple of days, but apart from that, it's a massive headache to own.
  12. @Idahodeerslayer: Nice boat but for the money it seems that power cats are a much better deal for your money. The beam on mono hulls is just too narrow. I think the cats are going to make mono hulls extinct.
  13. @jameshamilton6096: Loved the boat, however i do not understand these makers. Its a reasonable Large expensive boat At $10.million or so with a derisory 290 miles of range that would barely make it from the UK to France, never mind UK to Spain, Greece or Italy.
  14. @yarenbaser6248: Adil Yıldırım vibe
  15. @nuraycan4661: 0
  16. @sayrabalin3327: ❤️❤️❤️👏👏👏👏
  17. @marlonsorken1707: The exterior is magnificent but Princess is still best in class. What a loss for MBY, I wish you success on your new venture Mr. Haines, your reviews are some of the best in the industry.
  18. @Matusovsky: 👍👍👍
  19. @teutoburg: You're the best.  Knowledge-based reviews rather than 'wow big this big that'.  And you call out what may be 'contentious' or not quite 'work'.  Good for you.  Keep up the good work.  (Can't understand why a boatbuilder like this can't sort themselves out enough to give serious reviewers a clear run-through of the vessel; it would have been good to see the crew quarters and to listen to you without the obvious pressure of having to 'dodge' others on the boat.
  20. @luizalbertomatos: Ótimo vídeo! Um grande abraço diretamente do Brasil 🇧🇷.

- Luxury Yachts - Ferretti Yachts 940, a new way to live on the water - Ferretti Group: Kind: captions Language: en made our fire. We were lighter than the summer breeze. Dancing the records in your bedroom like a 70s. Always on my mind. You and the music on my mind. Frozen in time. Always on my mind. I feel it all come back in a moment. like it spins away like the ocean. So if you want to come over, the door is open. I play it all back in slow motion. Slow motion. [Music]

- 94 Ferretti Yacht Walkthrough [EVERYTHING GOOD]: Kind: captions Language: en thank you for ready Yachts is a brand that most people are familiar with there is another brand within called custom line and today we're in Key Largo checking out a 94-footer raised Pilot House built in 2003 custom line for ready with zero speed fin stabilization and a ton other features like a beach club and an on-deck Master let's go check her out welcome aboard a really cool area that separates this boat probably the most is the fact she's got a operating Beach Club on the back something that yards today are really emphasizing got a nice TV Sub-Zero refrigeration and Ice making capabilities JL audio sound system amazing space that you do not find on a boat this age or typically under 100 feet the other nice thing that a beach club gives us is secondary access to the engine room we put a second washer dryer back there that's super important on a yacht this size because there will be tons of laundry particularly if there's a charter happening and in a little Machinery room that contains mostly pumps on board the vessel we got our water maker membranes for the water maker and then access into the actual engine room which is huge and this separation is very nice the MTU m91s fully serviced everything's been done we put roughly 100 Grand in the engine room if you want to take her to the Bahamas she's ready foreign something else that sets this boat apart is her performance the boat will cruise at 20 21 knots impressive feet for a yacht that's 94 feet and feels like she might as well be a 120. the engine room has a surprising turn to it over on the port side where you've got access back towards passerelle overhead and your generators immediately to your left as you walk back multiple projects can be happening at once in your engine room zero speed stabilization Rarity defined on a yacht from this vintage definitely sets this boat apart under the water over a hundred thousand dollars worth of lighting we got Humphrey's trim tab interceptors which are very cool blades that drop down and give the vessel a really Superior ride quality aiding the stabilizing fence further for a more comfortable ride I'm gonna take the other exit that takes you up a set of stairs onto the main deck and check out this app deck in the AFT deck of everything good it's a really nice feature that's going to first greet your guests give a great first impression got a nice teak tabletop check out the game on the flat screen TV behind me got tons of cool features that you don't usually have on aftex and a yacht this size awesome amount of space here right now it's a shower they use it for storage but that would be a really cool day head got back down station really easy access to everywhere on the boat stairs up to the bridge walk arounds on either side and then back behind you you've got access to the beach club when it's in the down position walk forward up to the bow tall Bull Work makes you feel safe one easy set of stairs just after we pass this access back inside continue up to probably one of the cooler battles because we do have one unique feature separating it from the rest huge amount of storage found right here where the sun pad would be ours away with the weather just in storage it's got a massive amount of storage underneath this and it's really clean this wasn't really prepared for our video today it's just kept that way while we close this up we'll take note of these Le fronds windlasses that control your ground tackle you've got two anchors to either side really beefy and then just for that a locker for all the chain and road when it's not in use when you step inside everything good you can see how nice of condition everything is and it's got a warm interior very traditional nothing's going to go out of style it feels like a yacht should and it's an entertaining dream you've got a great setup for the bar adjacent to the sofas the TV that drops down and there's nothing separating the dining room from the rest so you really do feel the space is Amplified Ford in the salon is the dining space it is collapsible into being a smaller table giving you a little bit more space when you are doing that entertaining head into the galley using this stew access that's perfectly located to get quick service to the dining room which is important this is also nice to have a secondary way in and out of the galley when this is being a very heavily utilized space during meal prep nice refrigerator dishwasher cooktop all that your Cook's gonna need when you're serving on board this is also a great space for this Galley and the floor plan we have because it gives crew easy access from their accommodations next stop walking forward in the companionway we've got a nice secret door that accesses the guest accommodations for turndown service and for the crew to be able to do what they need to do the accommodations are nice there's two cabins one for your captain with a little bit larger birth and then Ford you've got two over under bunks and each room gets its own ensuite which is also really nice last thing found here a washer and dryer for crew to do things like their laundry or anything engine room related we come from the crew quarters through that secret door we talked about it brings you right into that closet behind me which doubles as that state room for crew and then into one of the two mirror images they've got a huge closet side by sides with filler cushions so that you can make them into a queen and they both feature a Pullman so really a nice feel for all guests on board [Music] although we aft we've got the VIP which is a full beam almost Master stateroom it is a master State Room on most Yachts but like we said this one does have an awesome on deck which we'll check out at the very end here we've got tons of space and the owner does utilize it for his personal stateroom because we were able to put some gym equipment in here insulation was huge for this guy there's tons of sound down this door was removed for example filled with sound down material and reinstalled the back of the AFT bulkhead here same kind of thing very quiet it was something he really was focused on and it turned out nice full beam VIP that mimics a master stateroom on most yachts in the size range and is fantastic from here let's head up to the Pilot House up the same set of stairs past the salons and check out where all the operations take place on board this yacht you come up the main staircase to the main level you've got your day head here and then the galley access where we just were to go down to the crew quarters as well as access to the master stateroom we're gonna head up these stairs and check out the pilot house next up here in the Pilot House got a pretty cool upgrade with these new Garmin 8000s Center Line here we've got a couple of st-60s that give you things like speed Compass all that good stuff wind direction and then your analog gauges for your engines got our throttles autopilot Rudder indicator and then our Humphrey zero speed stabilization controls with bow thruster just next to it and there is a little seating area here on the port side so you can join them and plan the route we've got a lot of storage for vhfs manuals all the paperwork on board the boat and then there's even some flag storage as well with all your AC DC paneling and ship systems located right here coming up to the fly bridge got a really nice not too steep staircase it brings you to a really well thought out space from Freddy on this yacht there is a Jacuzzi underneath this circular pad and then tons of seating with nice new cushions they look fantastic brand new Bimini overhead the table does drop down you put the Bimini in the back position it gives you another nice Sun pad area with the filler cushion in position and then just Ford great place to barbecue there's a barbecue grill tons of refrigeration ice maker here on the port side we've got the upper Helm for the captain kind of kick back relax on the longer legs of the journey got all the instrumentation you need to run this yacht brand new Garmin 8000 series your RPM gauges Humphrey zero speed fin stabilization controls your jog for your American bow thruster and then really cool everything drops tucks away nice and neat out of the elements a really great Helm for your captain Last Stop on today's tour checking out that awesome Master stateroom located on Deck when you walk in the first thing you're going to see is this Centerline aft facing berth new covers new mattresses upholstery inside the stateroom you see the detail orientation that was put into this yacht looking at the coffered ceilings and it came out super nice push of a button all your blinds raised was really nice this morning as a broker it's really nice to to be able to walk in and get a boat stage by just pushing a button very cool feature to find on board and that was added maybe a year ago the ensuite is really nice cool rainfall shower right next to the window taking all the scenery around you the design that went into making this space a real master stateroom was pretty impressive because they didn't compromise on the rest of the yacht to be able to do it thanks for joining us aboard this beautiful custom line everything good it's got a lot to offer a lot of the features also make this yacht super charterable so if you were interested in talking more about that or any of my listings contact me or my wife Carrie anytime we'd love to have you on board and show you what this can do for you

  Top Comments:
  1. @mmhfs [2 likes]: Parabéns 👏👏👏
Lindo iate 👍🇧🇷🇧🇷
  2. @kokomo9764 [2 likes]: Nice interior, a little dated but ok.  The thing for me is that the exterior is simply boring.  There is zero color to this boat, even the pillows are black and white.  If I were to come and see this boat I would certainly not be thrilled.  The condition of the teak decking is another issue.  I don't know, I just didn't get a great vibe from it.  Good presentation as always!
  3. @clifbradley [1 likes]: 3 crew on a 92' yacht is a little light. If you were going to spend time on this a yacht with your family or charter it out, increase your crew size. You need 4 crew, maybe 5 for charter. But definitely 4.
  4. @mcapps1 [1 likes]: Meh.
  5. @roberthadley5957 [1 likes]: 👍👍 great job sweet boat
  6. @Andy_M986: Not bad for its age,internally, except for the heads,looks like they ran out of ideas in them, very unappealing.  All in all,it's not that bad seen worse.
  7. @littlearsehole75: Lovely woodwork.
  8. @clifbradley: I wanted Will to say 'I wish my friend and assistant yacht broker, Clif, was on board to give you his take on this yacht' but you know,  I get it. He already forgot me. Lol. These yachts are awesome. I was on one of these, way back when I started in this business and the Custome Line/Feretti had issues with their boats, but this boat is past all that. It needs an update in the interior,, but it is is classic timelessness that lasts.. This seems like a short time boat and not a full time cruising yacht, but I could be wrong. The owner spent a week or 2 on this every other month type yacht. I've never heard of Everything Good Vodka. Maybe Will could send his buddy, Clif a bottle to try. Will may have forgotten about me, but I have great memories of us hanging out for like 4 minutes and becoming lifelong friends. Let Will know that any time he needs me on a yacht, I'm there. For him!

- Luxury Yachts - Ferretti Group - A World Apart: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Let your dreams ignite your vision. Trust the spark that lives inside. Build a world beyond compare. Feel the magic in the air. Your path is crystal clear. You can lead the way. Show the world what's in your heart. Now's the time for creation. Keep your eyes on the mission. Make your vision real. Yeah. Make your vision real. You're the creator of tomorrow. Turning dreams into what's real. These are lines you get to follow. Shape a world beyond tomorrow. A path is crystal clear. eyes on your vision. Make your vision Love is on you.

- Ferretti 940 TOGETHER – The First of the New Model Available for Sale | Yacht Tour: Kind: captions Language: en This is a yacht capable of 29 knots top speed. They have equipped it both with elegance and with intelligence. Very light, airy feel that this area has. I really don't think anybody could reasonably expect more from a yacht of this size. [music] There's a reason why there are so many flybridge [music] motor yachts with planing holes in the world. For the last few decades, they have provided [music] excellent yaching opportunities for tens of thousands of people who just want to get out on the water and have fun. There's a reason too why Ferretti Yachts are one of [music] the most successful yacht builders of this kind of vessel. They just keep getting better and better. And better and better [music] means regularly updating their models. So that this year they released the new Ferretti 940 and the yacht together I believe is the first to be available on the brokerage market. I was sorry that I was unable to attend this shoot because I find the level of competition in this part of the market absolutely fascinating. And whenever a new model comes out, I research to find out what the shipyard has done to make this even more special than the previous model. So, let's take a look all over her and I'll point out some of those improvements. First of all, let's [music] take a look at the dimensions and performance figures of the yacht to make sure that she'll fit in your birth and satisfy your expectations when you get her out to sea. Together has a length overall of 28.97 m or 95 ft and 1 in. A beam of 6.78 m or 22t and 3 in. and a draft of 2.3 m or 7 feet and 5 in. The owner ordered the biggest engine option of M2,200 horsepower engines. [music] So, this is a yacht capable of 29 knots top speed and will comfortably cruise at 21 knots. The transom that you can see here conceals a Williams Sport 435 tender which will come with [music] the yacht when she's sold. The door of course opens up. The swim [music] platform descends and the tender slides in and out. Moving up to the aft deck, Freddy are keen to emphasize that you have 32 square meters of space here. So that's about 344 square ft. The furniture is freestanding to give greater flexibility. And notice the glass parapit [music] for better visibility to see. This is certainly one improvement over the previous Ferretti 920 model. >> [music] >> Moving inside and we have a main salon that's just under 30 square m in size. So that's [music] approximately 320 square ft. >> freestanding furniture and again a lot of [music] thought given to enjoying sea views through those full height windows. All of the reviews of this model that I read speak a lot about the very light, airy feel that this area has. And I should add that to Starboard, there's a sliding door built into the windows [music] so that you can step out and use the side deck as a balcony. Moving forward past [music] a day head in the lobby, we find the owner's stateateroom. And this is an area that Ferreti have worked hard to improve upon. The [music] side decks on the main deck stop short of the owner's stateateroom. And steps lead up to the next deck, allowing for a full beam owner stateroom. Feti call this a wide body [music] design and the effect is magnificent. >> If you go back to the lobby, a staircase leads you down to four beautifully appointed guest stateaterooms, too. three double cabins and one convertible twin. One of the winning features of this yacht is the incredible amount of deck space, though. The for deck is beautifully laid out with sunbathing and a comfy seating area. >> And the fly bridge is actually quite extraordinary. At about 50 m or 538 square ft, they have equipped [music] this both with elegance and with intelligence. Dining for 10 people under the shade of an electric hardtop. A full bar with tanyaki and lots of sunbathing space. I really don't think anybody could >> With regards to crew areas, Ferretti have really mastered the art of creating raised [music] pilot house yachts that look incredibly elegant. As the name suggests, [music] the pilot house is situated at a mid level between the main deck and the fly bridge, giving great visibility for the captain, but freeing up space for the owner stateateroom. The galley is situated [music] to port and is practical in size with all of the kind of high-end pieces of equipment one would imagine. And finally, below deck, there is a crew mess and two crew cabins for a crew of four people. So, what else do you need to know about this yacht before you call our broker Charles Hervey to buy her? Well, she was delivered in June of 2025 and has an extended warranty, so she's under warranty until July 2027. She's commercially registered already. So, if you want to put her on the charter market, of course, you can do that, and I imagine she'd be very popular, too. The swim platform that we showed at the beginning of the video is reinforced so that you can fit a jet ski on there if you wish to. Oh, she has zero speed and underway stabilizers. Those are the kind of questions that qualified buyers do usually want to know the answer to. Anything else? And you can ask Charles directly. I've put his contact details in the description.

  Top Comments:
  1. @j.walker3498 [2 likes]: Love the flooring and layout.
  2. @murgel2006 [2 likes]: Very nice boat. Still very Italian in flair, but significantly less hotel feeling to it. I don't know why, but it feels less "sterile", less commercial.
  3. @animistchannel [1 likes]: Okay, that's the most annoying, distracting, and discordant soundtrack to any video you've published.  Who the heck thought we wanted to be ping-ponged between their floppy discoteque and their hungover acid trip?  Totally ruined the presentation.
  4. @hubschenk1652 [1 likes]: It comes from Italy. You can usually expect a certain level of design there. Something surprised me, though: the bow wave. The yacht pushes a rather large mound of water ahead of it. Unfortunately, I don't have any pictures of the underwater hull, but other similar yachts push less water ahead of them at this speed. It makes you wonder where the priorities lie. A narrow, tapered bow means less water but less interior space in the bow area; a wider bow with an open angle means more resistance, a larger mound of water, but more space in the bow.
  5. @thanksfernuthin [1 likes]: I really am surprised by all the space throughout.
  6. @333Coach [1 likes]: ❤❤
  7. @daviddellit8344: Awesome. Thank you.
  8. @itsahzthing3433: How many millions?
  9. @Art-c4t: David thats pretty slick, hey!
Clever use of light! An light shades! Giving a sense of openess an honesty!
He sure digs his glass!😅 The entire range hes utilised natural light to the max!
Been waiting on this!
Dont fully concur on viz from the helm, but yeah! It works!
Very appealing 
Looker, cant wait to cast my eye over their
Newer stuff next time, I get into Ancona!
A very polished, tick all boxses skiff! Think its obv got downsides for other uses! But for its intended purpose! 
Its there, all round!
👍👌🤙
  10. @doverivermedia3937: Off at 16 seconds.  Shame ...

- Luxury Yachts - Ferretti Yachts 800 Boat Anatomy - Ferretti Group: Kind: captions Language: en The Ferretti Yachts range includes 11 models from 50 to 100 ft divided in two different ranges, Flybridge and Infinito. And the new Ferretti Yachts 800 sits right at the heart of the first one. It has an overall length of 24.47 m and a maximum beam of 5.91 m. Its homologation measurements place it within the limits for pleasurecraft. Yet the philosophy behind its design belongs to larger yachts where the crew operates professionally and discreetly within dedicated areas. High-end luxury enters a new dimension, combining elegance, privacy, functionality, and ease of management. The version with a slightly shorter bathing platform remains within the 24 m of length overall limit defined by the latest regulations in terms of mooring for the protection of Posidonia Oceanica Meadows. The project was born from the collaboration between the strategic product committee chaired by engineer Pierro Ferrari and the Ferretti Group engineering department. The exterior design was created by architect Fippo Salveti following the stylistic evolution seen across the entire range. The interiors designed by Idea Italia provide unmatched comfort for yachts of this size, raising onboard living standards to a new level. The secret lies in the optimization of space and the smart redefinition of areas and pathways. The yacht profile highlights the extensive glazing offering spectacular panoramic views. An optional sliding glass door on the starboard side of the salon further enhances the connection with the sea. Many stylistic details reveal the modernity of the Ferretti Yachts 800. The windshield blends seamlessly into the fly bridge, creating visual continuity in both shape and color. The descending lines of the fly bridge toward the stern add dynamism to the profile. Every curve of the hull sides, superructure and gunwell aligns perfectly with the window design, resulting in a striking harmonious appearance. Subtle surface modeling details emphasize this balance even further. The fly bridge extends aft, reaching a total area of 40 square m, which exceeds the average for its category. On the starboard side is an open air dining area with a table, chairs, sofa, and storage beneath the seating. To port, there's a fully equipped bar cabinet with a cooking area and an optional cocktail zone with stools. Next to the helm station, equipped with two seats, is a relaxation area for lounging or sunbathing. Above the hard top can feature either a central skylight or an opening louvered roof. Additional freestanding furniture can be added after on the fly bridge according to the owner's preferences. At the bow, the 14 m square living area features a sunpad for maximum relaxation. A table can be optionally installed in front of the sofa. The whole area can be shaded by a canopy supported by carbon fiber poles. The beach area covers 7 square meters and includes a large folding sofa integrated into the transom. The cockpit extends over 15 square m with a glass ballastra that opens the view to the sea. Optional furnishings include an ice maker. On the port side, access is provided to the crew quarters which include three separate cabins and a laundry area. New architectural and spatial choices enhance both the functionality and sophistication of the yacht. On the main deck, the innovative layout separates crew and guest pathways, ensuring privacy. The galley can be accessed from the hallway by the salon, the port side walkway, and the helm station. Doors isolate both the crew area and the wheelhouse from the guest spaces. The 22 m salon is bathed in natural light through large windows offering uninterrupted sea views even when seated. The generous ceiling height of 2.02 m further amplifies the sense of volume. Three layout options are available. A sofa and TV cabinet with a screen up to 65 in or as an alternative two opposing sofas or a sofa with an additional storage cabinet. In both cases, a 55-in retractable TV. Two decor themes are offered. Classic, evoking warm earth tones, and contemporary, inspired by colors of the sea, featuring light woods and cool tone fabrics. Both express a made in Italy style, creating a refined, welcoming, and harmonious atmosphere. The dining area features an elegant table for eight, while the fully equipped galley can be closed off or opened to the dining space through a sliding partition panel. A day head on the main deck is another element typical of larger yachts. The helm station is accessible from both sides and includes a crew mess on the starboard side. The uninterrupted windshield ensures excellent visibility. The dashboard features three 16-in displays or optionally three 24-in displays. Amid ships on the lower deck lies the owner suite covering 18 square m. On the port side, there's a sofa and access to a large walk-in wardrobe opposite an angled vanity unit. A 55-in TV can be mounted on the wall facing the bed. The on suite bathroom is spacious and comfortable, featuring a large shower box. The VIP cabin at the bow includes two large wardrobes and a private bathroom. Two additional twin cabins, each with on suite facilities, complete the guest area. Ferretti Yachts 800 can be powered by twin man V12 engines of 1550 horsepower, delivering a cruising speed of 24 knots and a top speed of 27 knots. Alternatively, with twin man V12 engines of 1,800 horsepower, it reaches a cruising speed of 27 knots and a maximum speed of 31 knots. Two stabilization options are available. zero speed fins or gyroscopic stabilizers. Finally, CE category A certification, the highest safety standard for pleasurecraft, confirms the superior value and reliability of this yacht.

- The Jewel in Ferretti's Crown...ISOTTA Ferretti 1000 For Sale.: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] if you know something about super yachs then you certainly know Fetti this Italian Shipyard is one of the leading Builders of luxury Yachts known just as much for their classically Italian design aesthetic as they are for Innovative Cutting Edge Naval engineering many moons ago I worked at Fetti it's where I started my career in yachting where I was first exposed to Super Yachts it's where I fell in love with the yachting industry and it's where we find ourselves today on board the beautiful isot isot is actually available for sale with North Rob and Johnson via my colleague Ed Dickinson isot is a 2023 Fetti 1000 she measures 30.2 m in length she has a beam of 6.8 M and a draft of just under 2.3 M she has five CW on board she has five guest cabins and she can sleep up to 10 guests while she's underway hisra is fitted with twin MTU 16v 2000 series m96 L's each has got 2,600 horsepower so the top speed of this a is 27 knots she happily cruises in the low 20s or you can reduce down to an economical cruising speed of 160 knots theot has actually got zero speed fin stabilizers which are extremely efficient especially underway you know the boat holds extremely well at any of the cruising speeds isot is a Fetti 1,000 this is the flagship of fet's yacht range frety themselves have described the series as the greatest fretti yacht ever built the Fetti 1000 was a new model that came out 2 or 3 years ago Fetti designed it to effectively bridge the gap between their Fetti clients and Customline so to date the fretti 1000 is the largest in the fleet they've managed to build the frety 1000 so despite having a length overall of 30 m she actually measures in under 24 M for our registration purposes this is quite a useful thing especially when you look at commercial compliance you're looking at minimum safe Manning also a lot of owner drivers only have licenses up to 24 M so frety have done an amazing job at vaging to fit this 30 m vessel as a 24 M registered vessel there are two things I think in particular you should pay attention to when looking at her sa the first of which she is commercially compliant and she has a strong chart of following already despite any being delivered in 2023 so if anybody looking to take on an ongoing business she's got clients who will come back year after year and love the boat and her design the second is isot is owned by a highly experienced yachtsman and he's building other vessels at the same Shipyard he's got a very long-and relationship with custom line and with Fetti as such you can guarantee that ister is possibly the best 1,000 out there for purchase today I think the best place to start with isota when talking about the layout is actually the Sund deck the Sund deck is the uh largest space on board and they've cleverly designed the Sund deck into two different areas you've got the forward area which has got a Helm station you have a dining area and it's got a very large fixed bimy on the top to provide guest with shade which can be opened up if required and the after area of the Sund deck is left for sunbathing it's full of loose Furniture so you can be arranged as guest wish now one of the design features they did on the frety 1000 was they made sure that you could access the for deck via the Su deck so it gives you a much larger sense of space as you've got side decks on both sides leading forward the other advantage that this gives you is it means that you can have a full bead Master cabin downstairs leading from the fly bridge this takes you up forward onto the for EG which has got a very nice private dining space which can be covered at anchor with a large bimy and then further down from there it takes you to the anchoring space petti designed the exterior to be split into different sections quite cleverly so to contrast this four deck dining space uh nothing unique feature the 31000 has is their Beach area so they've tried to maximize the space for guest to use and as you come from the AR Deck Down onto the hydraulic platform you find actually there's a very nice bench seating area which is perfect for after a swim to come and relax dry off in the sun uh especially when you're out a tanker moving up from the swim platform area will take you up side steps to the main de half which is a very informal space and the perfect place to welcome guests on board from the main dear this leads you through to the main salon and dining space so to the port side you find a large L-shaped sofa which is the primary interior space for guest relaxation for enjoying the television and on the starbard side is where you find the main AV center with a large television moving forward you have the primary interior dining space which leads very nicely onto the galley which is found on the port side from the main salon and from the dining space on the starb will lead forward V Day head which is perfect for when you've got guests on board just for the day and you don't want them coming into your cabins one of the points we touched on earlier was the fact that because the access to the four deck on the exteriors is from the fly bridge this allows you to have a very nice full beam Master cabin on the main deck and also a full Beam on Suite just slightly lower down forward of the master cabin space the master cabin also has a full walk-in wardrobe it's got a very nice vanity desk space uh it's got very large Windows which flood the area of natural light then the on Suite has his and her sinks a full rain shower and a a toilet facility there's space for eight further guests downstairs on the lower deck and this compris of two cabins which are VIPs with uh KingSize beds and then two convertible cabins so they can either be set up as two single beds or they can be pushed together also to make king-size beds again frety have looked to maximize the light in this space so all the cabins have wind the windows which run all the way along the side of the uh the bulkheads all of the guest cabins on the lower deck have on Suite facilities Ample Storage for guest uh guest clothing and belongings as well access to the cruise space can be found by Leading from the port main deck through the galley down to a crew area and in addition there are three extra Cabins For Crew this gives the captain his own cabin and then there's two further cabins with twin buns tendering toys are stored on board isota in the AR garage which is one of fet's well-known wet garages very very easy to use and the halfdo opens up and you can very easily fit a large tender multiple water toys on board his sort is currently functioning with just a very large jet ski and plenty of toys in there as as they're running with a secondary chase boat however you could easily fit a jet boat in there should you wish if you on the market for a stunning yacht in turn key condition with a strong Charter following and Italian pedigree is otter might just be for you if somebody has watched this video is interested in this Au and wishes discuss her or the frety 1000 and further detail please get in touch we'll happily send over full specifications and arrange an inspection on board at your time of convenience

  Top Comments:
  1. @chizzlemo3094 [5 likes]: No hot tub?!
  2. @LatinosOver40 [3 likes]: I've been watching and tracking your channel for over 6 years now. On 03.05.18 you had 14,490 subscribers and 3,035,240 views ..... Today 09.04.24 you have 253,000 subscribers and 68,966,266 views. Keep up the great work amigo.. even if I cannot afford a superyacht ... a glass of whisky, cigar and dreams qualify as a good time for me watching your videos… LOL … gracias amigo .. Javier from Houston, Texas.
  3. @clausmarquez [2 likes]: Awesome vessel, range wasn't mentioned, nor galley shown, i like David's detailed tours better to see him move around the spaces maneuver corners and such to get a feel of what it's like
  4. @daviddellit8344 [2 likes]: Stunning. Thank you.
  5. @jesusisunstoppable4438 [2 likes]: Love the Yacht... But it's Not a Super yacht.
  6. @anniekolatkar [1 likes]: The decor is sublimely fresh and expresses the maritime atmosphere perfectly. Bravo!
  7. @seanogden927 [1 likes]: That is a fantastic yacht, beautiful in every area, well laid out and a nice flow. It definitely as Italian flare and design. Great tour David thank you.
  8. @YachtsandtheSea [1 likes]: Je regarde beaucoup de vidéos de visites de Yachts et celui-ci pour un 30M est vraiment très bien conçu. De beaux intérieurs mais surtout très bien agencés. Tous les espaces sont bien pensés en fonction de l'utilisation que l'on en a et parfaitement conçus. Je suis vraiment surpris par ce yacht. L'espace de l'équipage n'est pas bâclé il a l'air confortable. Ce yacht est très très intéressant. Je m'imaginais déjà à bord tout en regardant la visite. Félicitations au concepteur 👍!!!
  9. @colin.chaffers [1 likes]: What a beautiful yacht, what a wonderful way of seeing the med at your leisure, it would be hard to leave for sure. The foredeck is to die for. Great job Ed, David and team.
  10. @giannitherock: Il design più bello in assoluto!!
  11. @timtill1791: How much is it?
  12. @nickwatkins5321: That's a lovely yacht. I like the design, the salon, bedrooms, the lot. For nigh on 100' boat that thing shifts some. I'd personally prefer to cruise along at a sedate speed, but it's nice to have the power if you fancy a blast
  13. @jimj2683: It would be interesting to see how they get this below the 24m load line length and hull length. Nose cone? Detachable aft section?
  14. @scottdynek2728: Sheer genius! Love her!
  15. @julesforsyth2996: Wow, if I had the money I would buy this on the spot. Great looking boat which has everything needed.
  16. @ThoughtfulWander: Nice yacht! Thanks for sharing! 👍👍
  17. @maryholder3795: She is lovely, everything is stylish but practical. Her over all facilities are just right for a charter or family vessel.
  18. @grondhero: Five crew? Nice.  I would feel bad doing a week long charter with that, though.  Maybe just a weekend or 4-day.   Of course, I have to have that money first. 😉

- Luxury Yachts - Ferretti Yachts 800: more than you expect - Ferretti Group: Kind: captions Language: en Take a number, take a name, get your code at the door, and welcome to the game. Taking over, taking the blame. We all make it out without going insane. Heat. Heat. I'm a ghost fly on the wall. You hit me up, I'll be haunting the feeling. Terry on top. You get that before. Heat. How something I can live by.

- Style, Substance & Quality  | New Ferretti 800 tour | Motor Boat & Yachting: Kind: captions Language: en Ferretti Yachts specialize in building highquality, high volume flybridge motor yachts, but in recent years they've also been adding a significant dash of style and sportiness to their designs. And behind me here is their very latest 800, which I think is its best interpretation yet. So, let's go and have a proper look and I'll show you everything there is to see. My name is Hugo Andre. You're watching Motorboat Notting. Let's go and tour it. The exterior styling of the new 800 is the work of Filipo Salveti, a very well-known Italian naval architect and designer. And you can see it is really smart, fluid lines. There's a much sportier aesthetic than it used to have perhaps maybe 10 years ago. But look at some of the sort of detailing going on here. We've got great big hull windows leading all the way up to the bow, dip down here, creating even bigger window presumably for the master cabin. We've got some very smart looking details and sort of surfacing going on here. Notice these are sort of gloss black rather than the usual stainless steel picking up on the color of the windows and the flybridge moldings. There's just a lot more detail and sophistication than there might have been. Even things like these flybridge supports, you'll notice that they're lifted slightly off the deck there and they've got glass inserts in them. The whole profile of it looks really smart, really sporty. Just a significant change of direction. I think it's really paying off for them. Now, let's start the tour at the stern here. You can see we've got a big hydraulic blading platform that slides down at a slope to reveal steps down to it. Obviously, you can put your tender on there, too. It's nice to see that they've added this folding bench here, too. It's not quite a full beach club effect, but it does just mean that there's somewhere to sit down facing out to see while you have a drink. There's even a rather clever secret storage space behind the back seat of this bench. Just folds down electronically and there's room for a bit of cleaning gear, hoses, covers, whatever it may be. But quite clever to hide that behind such a stylish feature. It turns out that's not the only secret compartment. Behind these panels here, if you open them up, there is in fact room for a seabbob storage. So, it's not fitted to this one. You can see we've just got a couple of boat hooks, but there is room to put a mounting there. You can put a seab bob on that side and exactly the same over on this side. So, you've got a full arsenal of toys as well as this rather stylish bench seat. So, before we head up into the boat, quite nice to notice that this has got a sort of glass transom through there. Again, just letting it a bit of light through, opening things up, keeping things a little bit brighter than they might otherwise be. But what they've done so well is integrate the really sort of practical features with a very stylish looking boat. Very smart gates up the staircases on both sides. Good size dinette. Notice that the fly bridge overhang stretches all the way out over it providing plenty of shade and shelter. And look at how they've done things like the mooring gear. really heavyduty moldings. And one things Ferretti have always done so well is that everything just feels really chunky, really solid, and beautifully finished. But just a nice touch to make sure you've got full access to all of them. But then once you're sorted, you can put the lid down, hide it all away. Under this one, we've got the third docking station. So when you're moing stern two in the Mediterranean, you've got really good view and access as you back onto the key. Over on this side, exactly the same solution for the moing gear, but under here you've got a sink, so if you need to wash your hands after dealing with dirty lines or whatever, we've got access through both sides on a gate. This section here can easily be kitted out as a wet bar. I don't think it's fitted on this one, but you can have a fridge and an ice maker in there. Lovely walkound decks. You'll notice that these are those glass panels that I talked to you about with the Ferretti logo inset in it. And just little things like the way that they've tucked the fueling and water supplies out of sight. You see that is where you fill up with diesel, but all hidden behind a very smart little flush fitting panel. It's exactly the same on the other side. If we go around here, >> similar panels. This one is for water and fresh water and black water waste tanks. Here are those smart black railings. But having it opened up like this just means you get a better view from inside. All things like the size and chunkiness of this teak. Just look at some of the finishing on there. Really high quality. Up here on the for deck, there's a lovely extra lounge area. There's storage under all of these seats. In fact, there is a life raft tucked under this one on both sides. So, again, really good position. It means it's nice and easily accessible from the main deck if you ever do need to use it, but you'd never know they were there. All tucked away. Emergency access from the VIP cabin, but looks just like a really smart deck locker. Lovely sunbeds here. All the stern gear, mooring gear. Just look at the size and quality of this. We've got twin anchors. Fairly rare on a 80 ft boat. Particularly a kind of smart, stylish flybridge cruiser like this rather than a troller yacht. But that's the kind of engineering input that they give. It's not just about style. It's also about a really solid, practical boat. Big chain locker in there. You can get a couple of fenders in there, but there's also more storage under here, too, for things like covers and fenders. Quite a distinctive feature on here. The way they've cut away under the windscreen. It was something that Rever have been doing for a while. And Ferretti and Rever are post both part of the same group. So perhaps that's no surprise. They've started to adopt some of these little features. Side door into the slume. We'll take a look at that from the inside. But first, let's pop up to the fly bridge. Obviously a key part of a boat like this. And again, lovely big staircase, nice and wide, good chunky steps, really nice square molding on there. All beautifully painted. Step up onto the fly bridge. Every bit as big as you would expect. Love these designer sunbeds. just looks so cool having freestanding teak sun lounges rather than sort of built-in moldings and a cushion. All very sort of Italian designer style little movable armrest there. On this side, we've got the poles and the sun awning. So, you can erect a sun awning that comes all the way from the back end of that hard top right back here to the transom so that you can add a bit more shade if you want to. But really, that looks like a pretty ideal place to take a bit of sun. Large dining table on a boat like this. Most people end up eating outside most of the time. So, you do want a really goodiz dining table to make sure you can seat all your guests around here. Very comfortable sofa seat on this side. Stylish freestanding director's chairs on this side. Much the same over here. big bar area, but very cool sort of designer stools you can sit at and enjoy your espresso martini of an evening or whatever that may happen to be. Very sort of chilled out, informal seating, lounging area here, just about wide enough to lie on if you want to. You can certainly lie long lengthways, but really deep soft sort of chill out zone right next to the helm. So, if it is an owner operator, and you absolutely could have an owner operator for this boat, just means you can sit alongside, chat to them whilst you're underway. And of course, because there is that little wind screen down there, you could lie on here and still be out of the wind when you're moving along. Even things like the support for this roof, just so stylish, having a little V-shaped. Could just be a simple couple of stainless steel poles, but no, they just go the extra mile. Classic Ferretti steering wheel. >> Nice clear layout. Now, this is a shaft drive boat, but you'll notice it has got the center joystick controls, so you can still link the two engines, the steering and the thrusters, and just park the boat however you want to just using this one stick alone. Super stylish helmchairs. Very comfortable. Good deep cushions. It's not a particularly sporty boat, so this is more about comfort than speed. Here is that wet bar. And just a couple of nice little practical touches here, too. For this, for instance, is the cover for the sink. But a lot of the time there's nowhere to put the cover. Here they thought about it. The cover just slides into that smart little teak holder there. Got a big grill and so on under here. All the usual fridges. Plenty of space to mix your drinks over here. Big sink. Ice maker under there. But probably the most stylish and clever thing is how this roof works. The really clever thing about this roof is that it also opens up in two different ways. So you can either tilt the louvers up like this or open the whole thing and they all stack up very neatly at the back. That's really clever. I haven't seen as one work as well as that before. That's very, very smart. Right, let's move back down to the main deck. and get to have a look inside. Now, a couple of things to notice here. You can see we've got access to the crew cabin. We'll check that out in a minute. But under these gratings here, that is emergency access to the engine room. So, you've got access to the engine room through there as well as through the crew cabin. And then moving through into the saloon, big sliding glass doors. Now, the interior of this boat is by IDA Italia, another very well-known Italian design house. And they've picked up on that slightly more informal theme. And a really nice contrast of colors and mixes of different textures and so on going on here. You notice you got this sort of soft leather on here. Slightly more fabricy finish here. Lovely stone surface on top of there. And very relaxed, chilled out sofas. Note how deep those are. So when you're sitting on them, you're sort of sprawled backwards on them. You're not sitting bolt upright or looking too formal. And yet the overall effect is really smart and stylish, but somehow relaxing, too. Big dining area here. All about the big windows. Not quite floor to ceiling, but you can get an impression. Great views through. And there's those cut cutaway ballw walks. Ensures that that doesn't block the view either. Over on this side, there's that sliding side door. It's much more than a door really. It's kind of almost like a Well, it's not a terrace cuz nothing folds, but it's not just a door. It is a really big opening that lets plenty of fresh air in. Very stylish sort of connection with the galley, too. You'll notice that there is a mirror here, so you can slide it across and keep it separate and private. If you have got a fully crewed boat, if you're an owner operator, you can slide it open. And then you've got a lovely serving hatch and a freer communication with everybody in the saloon and dining area. Lots of storage for all the dining kit behind here. Beautifully done. All fiddled. Lots of sliding drawers for all the cutlery and so on under there. They don't miss a trick. It all looks very smart, but also surprisingly practical. Nice little curves in the bulkhead here. Also nice to see there is a day heads. On a big boat like this where you've got a lot of day guests, you don't really want them running down through the cabins to use the on suite facilities. Much better to have a dedicated day heads. Here's the galley area. Again, can be used either as a crew boat or an owner operator. So you have got access to the side deck from here, meaning crew can come and go without having to go through the main saloon. Americanstyle fridge freezer. Big oven stretching all the way under there. This is that serving hatch that I showed you from the other side. Works brilliantly. Just means you can serve food directly through here with a nice sort of pantry area where you can prepare food, plates, etc. Sink over here. Lots of big storage. And the headroom here is absolutely enormous. That's got to be 9 ft. absolutely huge. Now, there is double access from here. So, you can go straight through into the bridge area or on this side takes you down into the lower deck and all the accommodation, but also secondary access up here. So, a really nice easy flow around the boat. Now, this can be a crude area or an owner operator. So, very good setup here. We've got three big screens. Now, I must admit that there is limited view back. We've got these quite big mullions along the sides and fairly narrow little windows. And that is probably one of the compromises of having that more sort of stylish, sporty exterior profile. But you do get a decent view forward, relatively deep windscreen. Even though it's quite heavily raked, it does have a pretty good view out forwards. Fantastic. three big screens set up so you can have your charts on one, your radar on the other, and maybe a camera on one of the boats looking backwards or keeping an eye on guests. Very quick access. So, you can see you've got little alarms for billagege alarms, blowers, navigation lights, bow thrusters. You can see it all at a very quick glance without having to scroll through different menus. And I love the fact that this little companion seating area next to the helm. So, if it's a crude boat, your crew could sit here alongside you. If it's an owner operator, you could have friends, partners, whatever also along for the ride. Now, dropping down into the accommodation. Very smart. Almost sort of semi-hidden these handrails, but there are handrails all the way down. Nice wide staircase. And then as you come down, we turn left or aft into the main cabin. As usual, it is a full beam master midship. And there's yet more of that nice sort of play between different colors and surfaces and so on. Exactly the same down here. We've got suede, we've got leather, we've got fabric. Really smartly done. The TV is hidden in this bulkhead here. You can turn that off and it's just a mirror or you can have it as a piece of artwork which is set up for at the moment. Over on this side we've got a kind of vanity desk area. So you can use it as a desk or you can lift that up. You've got a mirror for makeup and so on. Nice little suede inserts. Even little design flourishes like this with that leather wraparound just gives it a touch of extra sophistication. Obviously an onsuite bathroom. Lots of nice marble finishes in here. Plenty of space. It's not a full beam bathroom, but it's an unusually wide one actually. This gap here is often that much wider than you get in boats like this, which usually tend to be a little bit like a long thin corridor. That means you got a very generous shower compartment in there. All completely surrounded in that lovely marble. Lou and Bday. And then moving forward, this is the corridor leading up. You'll notice there are a couple of steps up along this corridor. I think the storage behind here, I don't touch it cuz it's mirrored. I'm going to leave paw prints on there. So, I'm just going to assume that is storage. Let's go. Well, let's make our way through. First guest cabin over on the port side. Twin beds. Plenty of headroom in here. You can probably see in the mirror. Plenty of clearance over my head. Got the blinds down. Even things like that. Rather nice touch. It's very clearly a sort of natural fabric that filters a bit of light but provides privacy, too. All on suite bathrooms. More of that nice marble. Nothing particularly special to comment on in there. Have got a TV behind the door. Progressing further on the starboard side. Got another lovely twin cabin. Much the same as the previous one. Good headroom all round. Good storage behind all of these. Another on suite bathroom. Very smart. And then come back out again and then forward into the VIP. And this is a really good size for a VIP cabin. You'll notice we've got this sort of walkway into it. Provides a bit of a grand entrance. Lovely big bed, island berth, wraparound leather headboard, more of these lovely sort of natural linen fabrics in the blinds, but plenty of light coming into here. Even the detailing overhead in the deck head, you know, these lovely fabric panels provide a bit of contrast with the darker wood. Lots of good storage all around here. Smart little trays alongside the bed. I'm sure there's more storage behind these wooden locker doors. Like the fact that they've left a little recess behind there, too, if you want to store bits and pieces. Another one of these bedside tables for putting your watch overnight. And of course on suite bathroom. This one over on the port side. Obviously not quite as spacious as the master, but still a very good size. Smart corner shower unit. Big overhead rain shower head for that. Very beautifully done. This is the main access down to the crew area and access to the engines. >> Relatively steep staircase, but far better than a ladder. And this is pretty well fitted out as well. Obviously, it's not a huge amount of space, but we've got one cabin in here that is a single. It looks like a bunk. It's not actually a bunk. It just means that there's storage or might even be ship systems underneath the bed. But bed up at that level. Full electrics panel. All the breaker switches down here too. Nice bit of soft carpeting under foot. Looks like there's a little fridge down there. Keep a few cool drinks on hand. Second crew cabin in here. Much the same. Relatively tall bed. bit of storage underneath it. Also got the washerd dryer down here. We have big storage cupboard behind here and bathroom in there. So, it's a shared bathroom, but there is a separate shower unit. Not a lot of natural light down here. Designs with the cabins. Yeah, this cabin has a port hole. So you do get a bit of natural light and ventilation. And then access into main into the engine room is via this. So if I twist that handle, feels like a very secure it's one of those sort of bank vault style opening mechanisms. And here is the engine room. And another very good example of how well Ferretti do the basics. two big man V12 engines. You can have either 1550 or 1,800 horsepower. That will give you a top speed of 27 to 31 knots depending which size engine you go for. Beautifully lit. Very nearly standing headroom. It's a little bit less than 6T. I have having to crouch just a tiny bit. Generators on either side. Great big exhaust. All very nice and clean and clear with space to move around. A water maker over here. Looks like hydraulics over there. Checker plate flooring underfoot. Big fans helping to ventilate it, keep it cool, make sure there's enough air to feed those big engines. Very nice, clean, welllit space. for crew to work in. Let's finish up this tour of the new Ferretti Yachts 800 sitting here on this lovely aft bench on the bathing platform. Now, Ferretti are always very koi about their pricing and I'm not yet sure what this is going to cost. Certainly, it's not going to be one of the cheaper brands, but what has impressed me about this boat is that they've managed to retain all those things that appeal to traditional existing Ferretti yacht owners. You've got that really solid build quality, that engineering integrity, lots of clever practical touches, but now with a much bigger dose of added Italian designer flare, which should hopefully draw in a new crowd. So, do let me know what you make of it. I'd love to read your comments. And thank you as always for watching.

  Top Comments:
  1. @doodlebug682 [4 likes]: Loved the rebellious nature when you touched the furniture around the Do not touch sign 😆
  2. @vertigo2894 [3 likes]: 11:52 DO NOT TOUCH! Proceeds to touch 🤣 cute
  3. @winexprt [3 likes]: That is an absolutely TINY galley for a yacht of this size!  Where's the food prep space?  Besides the serving hatch area there is no other space in the galley to do anything! Bizarre because when I think of Italy I think of food. My old NYC studio apartment had a bigger kitchen.
  4. @RandomGuyRandomNumber [3 likes]: Why do Italian boat builders hate yacht crews so much ?
  5. @lgriestra [2 likes]: Very complete video.
 Nice to know about Ferreti who has been out of specialized media for a too long time.
  6. @martinluke9470 [1 likes]: Too many dislikes for me. Square handrails. Painted ones won't last long at sea. No backrests to speak of on the flybridge. Overly fussy with equipment. I do like the styling overall, the profile especially.
  7. @andrewpearson3351 [1 likes]: A lovely, stylish Italian boat which I love- going to have to get a bigger birth! Great video as always
  8. @Neretva-w9o: Please do not touch. OK, i am gonna scratch.
  9. @chrispitts2046: You open the window and a sign is there saying “Do not touch” 😂😂.  I’m weak.  
Beautiful boat tho !!
  10. @giannitherock: Top ❤
  11. @ianscott3180: I dislike the wheelhouse, sorry pilothouse, some of us are old school. If you were on watch, on a dark night in the rain, you would have to rely completely on cameras and electronics. Not all vessels have AIS or show up on radar. Oops is that a cruise ship coming behind me? Apart from that 😀.
  12. @Ulrik_Hejdenberg: dangerously poor visibility from the steering position. That makes the whole boat a big no no!
  13. @ashleyhodgman5246: Must admit I like it a lot. Very stylish and comfy. I bet it will ve expensive though. Thanks Hugo
  14. @marineboy6033: That’s a great video Hugo - btw what’s your watch!? The boat is really lovely - obviously very heavily influenced by Sunseeker / Princess - way out of my league but nice to dream…
  15. @The-Droll-and-LazyJoker: Another tour-de-force from Ferretti, with it's new direction with interior design on the '800', works... brilliantly
Thanks, Hugo for another great tour
  16. @Glenn-n3v: Nice.
  17. @KellyistheMan: She’s a winner.
  18. @sophiedolman2230: The galley is tiny!! Absolutely no preparation space. I'd hate to cook anything in there. Great tour though Hugo, just seems like another style over substance Italian boat!
  19. @marcm7321: Beautiful yacht for sure looks amazing
  20. @donblythe3766: Nice presentation of this beautiful boat it is very livable and the space seems perfect for a family to go for a weekend or a couple of weeks while vacationing

- [ENG] FERRETTI YACHTS 860 - Yacht Tour & Review - The Boat Show: Kind: captions Language: en I have seen hundreds of flying bridges and have rarely been so impressed by the essential role of openings and windows that make the boat as aesthetically light as ever. This is Ferretti Yachts 860, designed by Filippo Salvetti. Each section of this yacht shows new nautical forms and details that create an innovative but still harmonious and delicate style, without distortions that would, as we know, have a short-lived interest. On the upper deck we will find a jacuzzi. To relax under the sun there is freestanding furniture, and you can move under the shade of the hard-top for an aperitif or to have lunch. Keep in mind there is also an opening version. The furnishings are by RODA and the piloting seats by Poltrona Frau. The guardrail has been made more elegant, with the gunwale and a dark profile at the top. There are many black features that decorate the hull. The deckchairs are signed by Pininfarina. At the bow, we have a transformable area that can be used as a sundeck or lounge. The area can be shaded by an awning supported by carbon poles. The beach club covers an area of 30 square meters, and in the garage, there is space for the 395 centimeters jet tender and for the jet ski. In the cockpit, we have a table, seating, and a wet bar. The crowning element is made of crystal to let the view of the sea come through. The same concept is experienced in the living room thanks to very large and partly opening windows. Based on your style, you can choose between two types of décor: contemporary or classic; and between the three layouts suggested by IdeaeItalia, who took care of the interior design. The furnishing elements are modern and not at all bulky, allowing us to feel free and comfortable. Here, space is not just a perception but a reality. There is a 75-inch television and a table that can fit up to eight people. Do you know which is the most important environment when you are at anchor? For me, it is the kitchen because I don't have the possibility to choose a restaurant. And Ferretti has thought of three solutions, all designed by Ernestomeda. A traditional kitchen only open on the passageway. Another option is that of a kitchen also open towards the living room or simply a bar area and the actual kitchen is set on the lower deck. The steering area is separated so that the captain is not disturbed, but if anyone wishes to participate in the navigation, they could do so from the opposite side of the wheelhouse. Below deck, the contemporary environments are defined and finished with the latest interior design products. We are on board a boat of 27 meters overall, and a yacht of this category must necessarily reserve an apartment for the owners. The room has full beam and has lots of storage units, relaxation areas, walk-in closets, and a bathroom, which, for greater convenience, is divided into three areas. Two double cabins and one twin are dedicated to guests. One of these is the VIP, which is larger and more comfortable, but the other is also very comfortable and still has an en-suite bathroom. The cabin, which could be replaced by a kitchen, is a double with twin beds. The crew quarters consist of two cabins with two beds each and two bathrooms. Ferretti Yachts has CE certification in category A, which is the highest marking in the European Union. I hope you never have to face unexpected situations like waves up to four meters high, yet just in case that does happen, this boat has been designed and built to be able to overcome them. It can be fitted with two MAN engines from 1800 to 2000 horsepower. In this case, we have the most powerful ones. They are 12 V-cylinders. The technical equipment is completed by a gyroscopic stabilizer and stabilizing fins. On the dashboard there are three SIMRAD displays on which you can control the whole boat, check the navigation chart and the engine instruments. Not only that… there is also the digital manual with search for functions through text or images. Engines at 1400 rpm. The speed at this time is 13.5 knots. Consumption is 16 liters per mile. Engines at maximum cruising speed are at 2050 rpm. Speed is 24 knots. Consumption is 25 liters per mile. The range at this speed is 280 miles. And now? Following sea and full throttle! The wheelhouse is the XENTA Steer by Wire electronic one with the automatic return of the steering wheel to the center. Once you have established your course, it is maintained automatically. The maximum speed of the engines is 30 knots.

  Top Comments:
  1. @cruise35able [1 likes]: Ferretti 860 vs azimut grande 26 metri
100gt 6mil  euro competition
  2. @jchill5229: I dislike most interiors of today's yachts but I really do like this one!  On another note towards the end of this video, I got a good laugh when I saw the Capitan could barely see over the boat dash. Seems like he could see better sitting on the seat.
  3. @boutdatmack8029: Rip Mr 100 k Santiago gutteriez
  4. @boutdatmack8029: Question Jose urebe sosa about pam mcoy Santana hmm 🤔🧐
  5. @boutdatmack8029: They used Castro and Burton name sake stole from Santiago traditional also question this
  6. @boutdatmack8029: We have a issue with lady Gaga pam mcoy Santana involved on crossing cartel .... cathrin donetelo ,on audio about a 2 generation colt path diplomat Dominican Cuba mecca Lord monalisa related
  7. @lgriestra: A great beautiful yacht and Maurido is back with his test, what else do you want?

- Driving Ferretti's RADICAL InFYnito 90 | Test Drive, Tour & Review: Kind: captions Language: en-GB The Infynito 90 moved Ferretti Yachts in a totally new direction, fresh exterior design, a fast displacement hull, and what they call the all season terrace up front. And in this video I'm going to show you all of that plus we've got an opportunity to drive it. So let's head out to sea and see what happens when you can buy 90 feet of Ferretti and 3600 horsepower. I'm Jack Haines, welcome to YachtBuyer. We're filming this during the Venice boat show. It's a group sea trial, so we've not got a huge amount of time. So I'll try and give you a taste of what this thing is like to drive in the limited time we've got. The headlines are we've got twin 1800 horsepower MAN V12s. It's got a fast displacement hull, top speed we've had today is 22-23 knots. And if you do 12 knots, you should get around 1200 nautical miles of range. We're doing 17 knots now. And the overriding feeling is how quiet it is. We were a long way up, we're a long way forward. Those twin engines are a long way away and it is incredibly quiet in here. I took my sound readings with the door open and it was still below 60 decibels, almost right up to full speed so it is incredibly quiet. And really that is what this boat is about. It's not about handling, it's not really about top speed, it is about quiet cruising. It is the large boat generally going to be handled by crew, so it's about peace of progress for passengers and it certainly delivers that, but it's got a lot of their familiar Ferretti group touchpoints. So we've got the auto steer, I say auto steer, it's an auto returns back to centre steering, we've seen that before it's fly-by-wire, it's incredibly light for a boat of this size. And actually when you do turn it for a fast displacement hull of this length, it turns really quite tidily. But there's very little drama, and that's mainly because of how quiet it is. And this position really sort of shrinks the boat you're looking down, you know the top of the all season terrace now and it's like a little bonnet, you can see the very end of the boat but you're a long way forward. So you've got no real sense of the of the size of the thing from here. Everything displayed through these enormous MFDs, triple ones, so you can split the screen between dials and navigation. The rest of the layout is it's all pretty simple really. You've got your controls laid out in front of you. We've got twin SeaKeepers on this boat only one is running at the moment cuz the other one needs to be commissioned. Humphree trim tabs as well, which are just you know, helping keep it on the straight and narrow, but it really doesn't feel like it needs them. The fast displacement hull means it runs very smoothly through the water. Twin helm seats that you can sit or lean at, as you can see, side doors near the sides so the crew can get out and get the wing stations, which is especially useful when you're coming into moor. Right, I think that's about my time up, there's people breathing down my neck behind me. So we'll move on to what the boat is like on-board. Before we start the tour, please make sure that you subscribe to the channel, we really appreciate your support, hit subscribe, hit the bell icon and you're good to go. Right let's get on with it. Starting down here at the transom. It's got a hydraulic bathing platform, which obviously sinks down into the water but there's also a tender garage, so the tender lives tucked away in there leaving the deck nice and clear. When you want to launch it you open the door, drop the platform down there's a trolley system that runs the tender down into the water. As you can see with the passerelle down access at the port side is blocked but we have equal access both sides so it's very easy to nip up the starboard side and into the cockpit. The cockpit is where you really begin to appreciate the decision to not have a helm station on this main deck, it means they can push everything forward. Meaning that even here on a 90 footer, this cockpit feels very large and it's really focused on lounging around as well. There's a dining space outside upstairs, we'll see that later on. But this is about comfortable relaxing, near the water you have the infinity terrace with the glass transom, so you can really keep an eye on what's going on down there. But it's a lovely place to relax, whether you want to be in the sun or in the shade. It's a big, big space. But moving forward is where we get to what is probably the key feature on board this boat. There's lovely wide side decks on this yacht. And as we're seen more and more often you've got this sort of broken feeling. So there's an open side here. It looks very striking from the outside but it also means you can always see the water as you're moving up and down these spaces. And then we come to what is probably the key feature on board this yacht which is what Ferretti calls the 'All Season Terrace' all season because it has a roof above but at the push of a button, the veins all tilt so you can open this area up to the elements a bit more. Of course if the weather's not great, you can close it down and you can also cover this entire area. There's runners here with cover so it can be fully insulated from the elements. And there are a few different options in terms of what you can do with this space. You can have a fixed sunbathing space, you can have a hot tub if you want. Or you can have this bar, which I think works really well. You have, whatever you do, this sunbathing space over here, which covers up the anchor lockers. You have to remove these cushions to lift those up and get to the windlasses. But then, you can sit on this sofa, you can recline there, and you've got a really good view of the TV. But you've also got a couple of barstools either side. I really like the way that you move between the two bar tops, which look as if they're floating here in this area. And talking of the bar, you know, you've got a full service here to be able to give guests drinks, bit of food because there's a fridge, there's icemaker, sink, it's got it all. And the nice thing about using this area is if you're more like we are now stern-to, a lot of people will be on the flybridge or in their cockpits. Up here, it's more private, you're away from the quayside, you're probably not looking over at other people using their boats, it's a really interesting use of space. And it makes a big difference, the use of space indoors as well. So let's head in there. It's quite novel for us to be able to start a saloon tour from the front of the main deck. But that is what this clever layout allows you to do. You can have this area as a main deck owner's cabin if you prefer. But if you do that, you don't get this - look at that wonderful view out over the bow of the boat, an eight person dining table here. And the way this connects totally flat floor all the way back to the lounging space with the galley in between is really clever. Some of the details up here, television pops up from here a little bit odd, maybe the television isn't down there in the lounging space but you've got another massive TV in the upper saloon, which we'll see in a moment. That pops up as so. Over on this side, so the main galley is there, but there's a small pantry area too. This goes back quite a long way actually. And that's got things like a wine fridge, coffeemaker, and the microwave all tucked away in there. The other thing I like about this area is all the things the crew are going to need to make the table is very close by. So in here, we've got dedicated storage for all of the cutlery, plus some of the crockery and then over on this side, in this floor to ceiling cabinet, you've got all of the glassware and all of the cups as well. Very easy for the crew to put stuff away and get it out when people want to dine. Talking of dining, into the galley. It's completely open, you know this isn't closed off as a crew space, this is an area to be enjoyed by everybody on board. And it's a big space as well. Lots of storage underneath this counter. Within this counter is where you find the induction cooktop that's a nice detail, a big oven down here. And as you can see domestic fridge freezer behind me. And there's a big amount of storage right by this side door, which again gives crew another access point in and out of this area. It's a really cool space and I do like the way it's all very sociable wherever you're sitting, you can all communicate with each other very easily. These are the steps up to the wheelhouse which will go to the moment. Downstairs all the guest cabins. And then here on the starboard side is the day head. Nice useful addition with a lovely big window as well. So you got a decent view out from in there. And the beauty of having a dining table forward. If you had the master cabin on deck, this area would be split between dining and seating. This is all seating. So this is a really spacious relaxed area. Lots of different styles of seating here, but very, very comfortable, a nice place to come and relax and there's a bit more storage over on this side as well. I think the way this deck all links together is really, really special. Let's head downstairs now and have a look at the accommodation. Now of course, if you have the main deck master cabin, that's somewhat changes how the arrangement down here works. But on this fore cabin version, you have the owners cabin behind me amidships but we're going to start up front with the VIP cabin. This is an interesting cabin much like upon deck, they're doing things slightly differently. You can see immediately the arrangement is maybe quite different to what you'd expect, you'd expect the bed to be up here and the head to be down there somewhere. Here the bed runs across the cabin, and the head is right forward and it's a really good size as well. Big separate shower cubicle, same headroom in there as I've got in here. I'm six foot tall and there's plenty of clearance and really good storage too, especially behind the toilet, two big deep bins to put all your toiletries in. And then the benefit of this is you know the width of the bed, you actually get to enjoy the hull windows as well you're looking out of them in bed rather than being alongside you. And there's still space for plenty of storage in here too between the hanging wardrobe and some more bins behind that sofa. And this is quite a neat touch as well. TV hidden way up in this bulkhead, obviously eventually it will swing all the way around so it's in front of that hull window and obviously facing the bed. But yeah, there's some clever thinking going on in here. One sacrifice you have because of the positioning of the bed is that there is a couple of level changes within this cabin but this area here once you first come in is completely flat. Now moving on to the other guest cabins. On the starboard side you have a bunk cabin. This is really best suited to kids, you know the berths are a decent size but this is a really cosy kids cabin and actually, they have got a very spacious private ensuite as well. So every cabin has got its own bathroom - privacy very good in that regard. The other guest's cabin is on the opposite side and that is a twin. And that's a good size too. If you want to sleep adults in here, there'll be absolutely fine. Walk between the bed very easily. Nice patch of hull window here to bring in some natural light, television mounted up on the wall here. And you can see the storage is pretty good in this hanging wardrobe. And again, we've got a private bathroom. Right amidships is where we find the owner's cabin. So yes, in this format, owner's suite is here, amidships. Remember, if you had the five cabin version with the owner's suite on deck, this becomes your VIP, which is a really pretty special place to be able to offer your guests to sleep. What about the space itself? Well, the boat is 25 foot wide. And this cabin uses the full beam so it feels very, very large. The bed is huge. I really like the detailing as well. The split between the timber and the marble up on the bed head. And this light that runs down the middle, lighting throughout is really really nice on the Infynito 90. The television is mounted within this mirror, so you'd have no idea it's even there when it's off. And there's space either side for things like the bureau here, little sofa tucked over on that side and some more storage. And talking of storage, it's excellent in this cabin. There's a full walk in wardrobe and it's a big one, too. And that shared the space behind the bed with what is a very generous, of course private, ensuite bathroom. And these areas also act as a little bit of a buffer between the sleeping spaces here, and the machinery spaces aft. That's the sleeping spaces then, let's head right to the top now and check out the bridge. Something I have noticed moving around the boat is how solid everything feels. And it should do on a boat of this size and price but it doesn't always. The flooring is really solid and squeak free. Everything you grab on to is really robust as well it does feel like a well engineered product through and through. And the detailing is lovely as well. I really like this light motif they've used, they're downstairs as well, but they really stand out here on the upper deck. And I talked about having another TV, well, there it is. It's an absolute monster. So if you want to come and watch TV and relax, this is where you do it, opposite this really lovely low slung, comfortable sofa, and great views up here as well. Nice how they've got glass within the superstructure, so your view isn't obscured up here. And of course, this deck also connects really nicely to the outer deck too. And this is where the main external dining area is on board this yacht, you've got this lovely sociable round table here. Under the protection of the hardtop, there's another servery for the crew to use on this side, which has got twin grills, there's a sink over that side and a fridge underneath. But it's not just a dining space because it's another place where you can lap up the sun as well. You've got these sun loungers right aft here, really well positioned clear of the hardtop. But you've got poles as well so you can slot them in and create some shade over here, if you want to. This is a great deck because it melds so well you get that inside/outside feeling, you're elevated, it's a really lovely space to spend time. Right let's head downstairs to the machinery space now. Access to the crew space on the Infynito is through this door on the portside deck down a rather steep ladder. Right then, into the crew space. That door there is through into the engine room, we're gonna pop through there in a moment and there's space for three crew on board this boat and if they were all moving around down here at the same time, it would feel a little bit cramped. In terms of sleeping space though, behind me here there's a bunk cabin - two people. And then outside you have a separate shower cubicle and toilet, a small galley here with the sort of appliances you'd expect. Up here behind these fascias is the washer dryer and then a small mess area or dinette down here above which there's a TV and this MFD so they can control systems from here and keep an eye on everything from down here in the crew space. Then right forward, there's a private captain's cabin, which has its own separate bathroom, right onto engine room. There's a good chunky watertight door between the crew space and this engine room, but if you need to get in here quickly, you can do that through a deck hatch that leads up to the cockpit and there's a ladder that runs down between the engines. Six feet of headroom in here, there are humps over the V drives, you have to clamber over those. But then again in the middle, the headroom improves. There's a bit of an intrusion from the tender garage, but it's not too bad. And they've tucked the seakeepers down underneath that between the two engines. And in terms of space around the engines, it's really really good. There's hatches here so you can get to the V-drives if you need to. And in terms of inspecting the lumps, very simple. Easy access to the two generators as well. One right by the door, one over there. Yeah, it's an impressive machinery space. The Infynito 90 was a bold move by Ferretti Yachts, it's so different to what they've done before and has that braveness paid off? Well, yes, I think it has, you know, we only got a little sliver of what it's like to drive. But it certainly has that comfortable, relaxed cruising vibe that you'd want from a yacht of this size. And this area is so novel and it's not just for show, I think it genuinely improves the living spaces on board. Yes, you lose some space above like you might get on its rivals. But this space becomes so much more usable because of the coverage and because the different things you can do with it. I think it's a really cool concept. But hey, let me know what you think, get in the comments and tell me what you think about this new model. And there's an 80 footer coming along as well. So we'll get hold of that as soon as we can. Thank you for watching that sea trial and review. If you enjoyed it, please give the video a like. And if you like this style of boat, we compared the Princess Y95 to the Princess X95, I'll put that video up here. Got some sea trials and some nice big stuff down here for you. And if you would like to subscribe, you can do that by clicking up here. Thanks again for watching. I'm Jack Haines, this is YachtBuyer.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Yachtbuyer [5 likes]: Our written review of the FERRETTI INFYNITO 90 is now live! Follow the link for the detailed review, deck plans and rivals: www.yachtbuyer.com/en/reviews/ferretti-infynito-90-2024
  2. @jjjjj4916 [2 likes]: 這幾年看船以來這艘是最完美的船!!! 最美最讚的設計!!!!
  3. @kosminuskosminus [1 likes]: 1200nm is shit
  4. @unitemankind: Clever made, but they waisted it with the price and the layout and size. This only works above 100ft
  5. @guyrandom6151: the only down side of this yacht is the guess cabins are avg . if it had 4 nice size cabins where you can take your golf foresome from the florida coast after a golf day and move to atlantic city for a night at the casino and being able to sleep on the yacht all of ya this would be perfection
  6. @guyrandom6151: dafuq happened to the bar in the outside bow area it turned into a hot tub ?
  7. @Mitch_Slava_Ukraini: Great design with that covered forehead area. Still plenty of sun lounging
  8. @el-bechira: Incredible Yacht, 'Ferretti' Italian design is supreme, 2nd to none.
  9. @PhilipTurner-p8k: I love this boat but I think some of the design features will put buyers off. A great shame.
  10. @rpdx3: That thing is bigger than my house.  😂
  11. @SeanSoraghan: How does the tv behind the mirror work . Is there a lot of glare ?
  12. @Arslan94Ghafoor: Best beautiful
  13. @NabeeshaQureshi-j1s: 🤩
  14. @Irfankhan-ih5md: Nice too mat
  15. @AbdulWhab-v1n: 😮😮😮
  16. @BurhanRaja-i7j: Wow beautiful and you can so beautiful
  17. @SaidzamanAKM: 🥵🥵🥵🥵😛😛😛😠😠😕🤨🤨🥑👹👨‍🔧👩‍🍳💔👩‍🍳👹👩‍🍳👹👩‍🍳👾
  18. @FaheemGhani-e3b: Nicee
  19. @habibullahsajid5166: Wow
  20. @ibrarmaqbool7553: Nice view

- [ENG] FERRETTI YACHTS 580 - Yacht Tour and Review - The Boat Show: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] if you dream is about a boat around 18 M with lots of space on board then take a look at this new Fetti Yachts 580 model obviously it has a lot of external surface area because it has a Flying Bridge but not only that look at it well look how long the for deck is the external design was signed by architect filipo salvetti I think it will be easy to recognize this yacht among many others due to the lines that outline the deck house the original shape of the windows on the hull and the long smoked plexiglass that runs along the three sides of the upper deck F Fetti yots has once again created an exemplary fly bridge from a technical point of view because it is light and has minimal wind grip obviously the opinion changes if you decide to install the hard toop but the basic concept remains on the fly bridge the helm station is set back to make room for a large full beam Sund deck [Applause] on the side opposite the pilot station we can find a Sha's Lune or a sofa the after area is furnished with a c-shaped sofa that seats at least five people in the center is a teak table the bar unit is multifunctional and can be set up with a grill or Tepanyaki I.E the steel plate for Japanese Cuisine the bow offers surprising habitability for a 58 footer a very large area well enhanced with a large Sund deck and two face-to-face sofas for 7 to eight people and some support services with multi-functions in the cockpit there are many possible Transformations the sofa becomes a sundbeck the table can be lowered and by adding cushions it extends the salarium area in the cockpit we find an understair store storage unit and another on the opposite side of the third control station the locker located in the counter transom is very practical here on the submersible swimming platform there is room for a 3 and 1/2 M tender the interior design is the work of the ideal Italia Studio you can choose between two different Decor moods classic and contemporary both are characterized by a rational and tactile design aligned with the just likehome brand concept offering owners an elegant and welcoming environment the classic moods has warm tones while the Contemporary version is inspired by the colors of the sea in both cases the style is Italian the kitchen communicates with the cockpit by lowering the windows and On the Border there is an inviting bar counter the living area could be furnished with two sofas or on the starboard side with a unit with a 65- in television the environment is also made very pleasant by long Windows the helm station despite being a Triumph of technology is also an example of style with the armchairs and the dashboard coordinated with the same fabric the master cabin is certainly one of the largest for boats of this size if you opt for the version with the study area this solution also offers a large additional wardrobe and is therefore preferable if you live on the boat intensely the sleeping area is then completed by wardrobes and a sofa natural light flows through large windows and a skylight into the study the bathroom is on suite and is is certainly very elegant a different layout offers each of the three cabins its own bathroom here however there is a day bathroom for two guests the VIP cabin is located at the B and the other double cabin is located at midships all rooms have Heights of at least 2 m and there is also the cabin for the Sailor this yacht was designed and built according to ca category criteria a the maximum for safety on a pleasure boat a pair of 900 or 1,000 horsepower Volvo penter engines are offered as engine options in this vessel we have the highest power transfer speed 10 knots consumption 5.5 L per mile on board is installed all the typical technology of the latest generation Fetti yacht partly standard partly optional such as the zenta maneuvering joystick if desired it can be integrated with the X8 function which allows you to use this command without considering external disturbances it automatically corrects wind and currency and the maneuver becomes easy and precise and then there is the automatic zenter trim correction system the steer by wire steering system also from zenter with the automatic return of Rudder to the center we are entering plowing mode engines at 1,500 RPM speed 13 knots the boat is already trimmed let's lower the interceptors a little I don't use automatic control I prefer to F the pure reactions of the hle the SE is come in the harbor in front of caning speed of 20 knot a situation of Absolute Comfort the sound level meter always shows less than 70 DB and speaking of comfort I would like to point out that the boat can also be equipped with gyroscopic stabilization systems at this pace consumption is around 10.8 L per mile we are looking for a slightly higher cruising at 25 knots it's appropriate to act on the interceptors to find the right compromise between speed and consumption and I discover that we have the same consumption per mile as we did at 20 knots surrounding condition that is to say the pleasure I feel while piloting is also the acoustic comfort and the smoothness of the hull on the wave makes me feel really good it fees with the right heel angle a situation that doesn't bother anyone not even those who are never on board and therefore aren't used to feeling rolling and pitching partly due to today's conditions and partly due to the behavior of this H we don't have this type of problem I created a few waves because there aren't any and because I want to feel the behavior of the whole they want to feel it at speed at Full Throttle I'm going through my own waves specifically wake waves that are usually quite steep short and difficult it clearly pitches but it is very silent and very smooth I raise the interceptors because now I want to make a run I want to see what speed she reaches with two 900 horsepower engines they declare a maximum speed of 28 knots with two 1,000 horsepower engines we're already at 31 and 1/2 knots 32 knots navigating is always a pleasure doing it with a boat like this is an even greater pleasure

  Top Comments:
  1. @梁貴超: good
  2. @Wonderful-east: Nice❤❤❤❤❤❤

- Buying & Owning a £1.6 million Princess F55 | Owner's Review: Kind: captions Language: en-GB Jack Haines: Shall we get her up to 20 knots and see how she feels? Yeh, absolutely. Does that actually happen? Unknown: Right? No. Essentially, it's £100,000 box to Jack Haines: tick. Yeah. We're lucky enough to test lots of new boats here at YachtBuyer. But what we unfortunately don't get to learn about is what these things are like to live with. Well today, hopefully we're gonna get an insight into that, because we're here to meet a chap called Henry, who early this year took delivery of this Princess F55. And today, we're going to take you for a spin, he's going to show us around and we're hopefully going to learn a bit more about what it's like to buy own run and live with one of these boats. Let's get going. I'm Jack Haines, and this is YachtBuyer. Henry thank you very much for having us on board Mango. We're going to have a tour of the boat and hopefully have a quick spin later but before that, it would be really good just to get an idea of your boating history the boats you've owned previously, what else you considered before you landed on the F55 and what specifically it was about this boat that you liked so much. Henry: In terms of ownership history, so started off little Four Winds 195 inboard V8, we used waterskiing in lakes and then some coastal work. First, sort of proper boat, Fairline Targa 35, 1995, I think CAD 42 engines. Moved from there to a Flybridge. The sports boats are a pretty boat, but I didn't like all the bits of tentpole and stuff that went with it. So went to a Phantom 42 63P engines. Yeah, that was a 97 I think that boat. When we were looking to change that we looked at the Fairline 43. It almost felt a bit smaller than the 42. So we then looked at the Princess and the Princess P42. Got a 2007 P42 with Volvo D6s in it. Fantastic boat, I mean, at that size, you know, did everything really, really well. Having had boats a while I fancied looking at the charter business, so we looked at bigger boats. And then we then got a Princess 50 mark 3. So the first of the full beam. So that's a 50 Flybridge? Yeah, yeah, first of the full beam owners cabins. And so we had that we bought that in 2012. And that was a really, really good boat. Yeah. Full beam owners cabin. A lot bigger than the P42. And we could operate as a charter boat quite well. Yeah. And so we ended up keeping the 50 for kind of 10-11 years, so a lot longer than we thought. In 2017/2018 we ended up at one of the boat shows, and we saw this the F55 for the first time. And that was a first boat that we went on that we suddenly thought right, yeah, you know, you know, when you go on something, and it just sort of ticks all the boxes. It was bigger in every respect. And immediately we thought then, yeah, you know, this might work as a boat. And so ended ended up placing an order for this in September, at the Southampton boat show 2021. Jack Haines: And what else were you looking at in this sector apart from the F55? If anything? Henry: We looked at a lot. I mean, in the UK boats obviously Fairline and Sunseeker are the big boys. Fairline they volumetrically they were too small inside so that they didn't really work for us. Sunseeker I think had been the same, but with the advent of the Manhattan 55, suddenly that that I think competes with the Princesses in terms of internal volume. We looked seriously at that we had big discussions with their sales team, which is, uh, you know, they've got a pretty strong sales team, you know, and so, we were looking for those as well. Ultimately, I didn't feel it was quite as practical a boat as we were looking for. Styling wise, I think the Sunseeker is probably more Lamborghini than Porsche and we're probably, you know, more Porsche, but we're not gregarious. One of the closest boats at, I think Cannes, we saw manufacturer Sirena - Turkish company, and they had a 56 - 58, I think 58 it might have been. Which is volumetrically again, it's a sort of trawler style boat. Modern trawler style, a lot of space inside massive flybridge The problem is, I don't think it quite had the build quality the Princess has. Jack Haines: What we'll start at the back, shall we? This is the first few having the hydraulic bathing platform. Yes. Which technically is an option. Henry: Technically, I think, yeah, I don't know if any boats have ever produced ever without them, but technically you pay extra on the on the checklist for it. It's I liked a fixed bathing platform with a passerelle crane to launch and recover a dinghy. I haven't had, I haven't started using this in anger yet. So I'm sure once you get used to it, it's lovely. Certainly from a from an actual bathing perspective, it's nice. Yeah, if charter guests want to go swimming, we can lower the platform in. Makes transitioning in and out the water really, really easy. Yeah. And other people seem to manage to launch and recover okay, so we'll do the Jack Haines: same. I think most of these boats probably carry a Williams of some description. But yeah, you're not going down that avenue are you. Henry: No, we've we were looking at. It's a very lightweight carbon fibre, or GRP carbon fibre boat, rigid boat. Yeah, it's like 40-45 kilos with a boat, little 15 horse engine, but it's still a 3.3 metre boat. But great for kind of going ashore. So we use a tender as a just a kind of tool to get from an anchored boat to go ashore, to go into town to go to a beach or whatever. So I want I'm able to drag it at the beach. I'm not bothered about dragging water toys around and that sort of thing. So I don't need 50 knots. It's a really practical thing. And also, if I'm leaving it tied up in a little tender park, you know, I'd rather have, you know, a more modest amount of money tied up there. Rather than 40 grands worth of tender. Did you say that AMT is the brand? So it's AST is the German company. Jack Haines: And then the option on this boat, you can either have storage back here, or a crew cabin. Henry: Yes. So so we we had on the 50 we had a crew cabin, never once slept in it. It's this size of boat, you only get a single berth, which, if we're using it for actual crew, we need two people. So we would have to use all third cabin, as our crew cabins. Jack Haines: So just to point out at this point that when you run the charter, that is you and your partner, Sharon, you're running it. There's no sort of Captain on-board? Henry: No, no, no. So I'm the captain. Yeah. And so it helps I'm sleeping with the hostess. Don't tell my wife who's also my hostess. So you don't judge me too harshly. But so so we would if it was an overnight charter, we would share the third cabin, I have to say 99% of our charters are day charters. But I think there was a lot of people will specify a crew cabin and it's a, you know, 20,000 - 25,000 pound option to do and yet never actually use it. So I just thought look, if we haven't got all the clutter of bathrooms and toilets, and you get much more storage. And so for us actually that gives a really big storage area. Yeah. Which we can use for all the, you know, yeah, and we've kind of got all the gubbins plus our coding cabins. Yes, seating here is really great. Particularly, you know, when used with the the galley aft and obviously, this folds up. Yeah, so Sharon can kind of manage the lower area in terms of serving guests from here keeping eyes on down below. I'm upstairs at the helm position. And I've got eyes on it there. But you can get sort of five, six people sat really comfortably on the table. And then you've got your space inside as well. Jack Haines: And I guess the area that guests would tend to gravitate to is probably up there. It is the flybridge, yeh. Henry: Absolutely. Jack Haines: Up here on the Flybridge. I imagine this is a space where you really feel the difference over your previous boat. Henry: Absolutely. So on the 50, you probably got six or eight people on the flybridge. And a) you felt that, you know, the weight on the top and just the space, we had a kind of aft bathing area here, you know, some beds here. This is absolutely spectacular. It's really weird. But from a personal level, I buy the flybridge not for the flybridge but for the cockpit, because I like the fact that you can put your cover around the cockpit and make it fully enclosed or you can have it open. And also when you're anchor, it's always downwind. And so for me actually a flybridge boat is for that. However, from a charter perspective, this is is unbelievable. You know, we've kind of got the flybridge of a 60-65 foot boat, you know comfortably we get 12 people up here to the point where I actually give my safety briefing up here. And people do like to be sat up here. We've got a bimini which if want if we need to, we can electronically fold away. One of the things I sort of wrestled with a bit when we were speccing the boat was the power operation of the bimini. So standard is a manual bimini. Well, no, no. So yes, if you spec the spec, the bimini Yeah, it's a it's a manual bimini. And that's what we had on the 50. The power operation of it is a kind of 10,000 pound box to tick. And you know, I thought oh, we don't need it, we don't need it. It's spectacular. Again, it's so easy. It's a massive thing. And even on the small 50 bimini you kind of wrestle with it a bit. With this. You just unclip your your wires and your and your, and your rods. And then it button and it folds open. It goes forwards. Listen, yeah. Yeah, but the reality is, of course, if you want to go sunbathing, you go on the bow. Yes. You know, because on this, you've got the the step through bow seating. And then the sun bathing area on the front there. So yeah, it was this was, again one of those areas you just look at and think yeah, works really well. Jack Haines: And I think one thing we should talk about before we head downstairs because I think we're feeling the effects of it up here. Is that you specced a seakeeper. Yeah. First time you've had the stabiliser I believe? Yeah. And a big call because they they're not cheap. Henry: Essentially, it's 100,000 pound box to tick. Yeah, that's a jittery feeling. It's something's like a bit of extra anchor chain. You can just do that and not even think about it. Yeah, but you know, it's the size of a small house in some parts of the UK. Having done it, absolute game changer, right. And I think from from with my kind of mean manless head on, I think you will get all your money back on a seakeeper. To the point where I think if you wanted to sell a boat of this size without a seakeeper I think people would probably penalise you the cost of a seakeeper. Or overlook it. Yeah, it's so so you know, it's Yeah, or they just simply wouldn't buy it at all. We've got a seakeeper 9 on this. Some of the boats of this size use a seakeeper 6. And it is an absolute game changer. Both when you're at anchor, it takes the roll out. Yeah, obviously can't take the pitch out. Yeah. When you are going on with displacement. And we do quite a lot of displacement work. So if we're relocating from our home birth, to another birth to do a charter from we tend to, the Solent's easy to judge the tide on. So we'll take a tide and do it with using no fuel. But then even with guests on board, you know, they can't, you know, drink lager as quickly as I can burn diesel on the plane. So and it's just nice, you know, they can they can have a chat, the wind isn't howling away, and just chat. Have a drink and and, you know, as you quietly slip down the Solent yeah, so we do a lot of displacement work. So I think when a lot of people discuss stabilisation, they're talking of absolute extremes, I think for the kind of 50th percentile for us, the gyro stabilisation. worked really well. Jack Haines: Fascinating. Well, that's great. I think we should carry on the tour and head downstairs. No problem. Into the saloon, then and you said that the P50, you had that galley down layout. So we're here we have the aft galley layout. Absolutely. That everyone's going for now. How are you finding that? Unknown: Really like it right? You know, I must be honest, I've been one of those people that, you know, galley down, you find all the reasons that galley down works. So well, the fact you can have a cup of coffee in your underpants, I now have to come up with these big windows. This is the thing I think about when we're testing boats! Alright, I'm a good looking guy. So I get away with it. But so you know, you'd sort of so grab a cup of coffee in the morning. The biggest thing was that that the fact that with a galley below galley down, you get full size fridge freezer, because you're not kind of precious about window space. Soon as you bring the galley up. All the manufacturers a) they want be windows. So they're trying to protect their windows, but half the galley up. And so as I say, with Princess, the 52, and the 56, they were really limited refrigeration. But with this, they've integrated a full size fridge freezer, and it's the one step down, but the reason why they put a little step down is because it allows you to get the full size fridge freezer under the stairs. But the nice thing is it means that we can service the cockpit, the flybridge and if you want to the internal dining room table, and so you can do them all Yeah, so yeah, really big fan. And also I when you're at a boat show, you're probably not aware of how much storage there is and there's a lot of storage. So with a combination of this area, and then the sideboard opposite. The couple of things we didn't specify, so we didn't put a dishwasher in because it takes up I think valuable real estate. The other thing we we don't have is a washer dryer, big cost, same reason for two reasons there I worry that whenever it breaks, as it will do, it's a nightmare to replace it and also I know from home where if it's a washer dryer, it puts that really humid air out and it makes your whole boat steamy and horrible. So we just we wouldn't do it. I was worried that on the 50 we had two separate seating areas. So we had the lower saloon and then the upper dining area. On this, we've only got one space. So I hadn't probably appreciated how big each space is. Yeah, I can lay out on here and Sharon can sit and lay here. You could lay...we could all lay together be lovely! Maybe later. So actually, in terms of seating capacity, yeah, we've got more capacity in this one area. Yeah. Than we had in the in the in the two separate areas. So that was a worry that yeah, was unfounded. And Jack Haines: you don't half feel the benefit of these windows when you're sitting here. It's lovely. Yeah, Henry: I mean, we keep the kind of blinds down because keep the shading, but you can pull them up. Yeah. And you know, if we're in a really scenic area, you get full visual. Yeah. And then again, loads of storage. Under the seating there. You've got storage and stuff. This kind of raises and lowers it slides in and out and obviously opens up. Yeah, so if you're eating or or on a computer, you know, I think that what you need to eat you also need for a computer table. Yeah. And I think in this modern day, yeah. You know, we find ourselves more sat on a laptop or iPad. Yes. Doing a bit of work. Yeah. You know, whilst on here, yeah, than necessarily eating as a family, but being able to change it around behind you is a big telly, big 50 inch telly. Yeah, also a lot of the stuff. I hadn't appreciated accent lighting, I hadn't appreciated things like the telly you know, we've gone from a small telly to this massive Yeah, thing that you actually use the boat almost as a hotel. Rather than just as a as a boat is really nice. Yeah, Jack Haines: And talking of that, shall we go and have a look at the lower deck and the cabins? Unknown: Absolutely, yeah. Jack Haines: I imagine this is another area where you feel the size difference over the previous boat I know you have you said that was the first amidships full beam. Henry: The P50 mark 3 was the first full beam Yeah. But yeah, this is this is where the magic happens as they say on MTV. It feels volumetrically massive, yeah. And, combined with bizarre thing, the mattresses the first night we spent on board, I hadn't appreciated the Vispring - I had to look them up. And apparently they were on the Titanic, whether it was good or bad. But really, really comfortable mattress. Something I suppose you don't appreciate until you get it. So you don't because they specifically say don't lie on the bed and so you can't use your bed, you're not allowed to lie on the toilet you're not allowed to use. So when you're in BOOT Dusseldorf, don't use the toilet, they don't let you use the toilet. Really was like being in a hotel room with a mattress. And then going into the the bathroom. And you know, the fine porcelain bowl and the fittings, and it just felt such a lovely experience. And I hadn't, I didn't realise it was gonna be like that. I thought it would be more like the 50. But obviously, as they've evolved and so on, you know, the windows, we had sort of three windows in the 50. And you know, they gave you a good look out. But you know, they're using glass. Yeah, it's huge. And then this area, Sharon insisted, we had to have the coffee table. Jack Haines: Well, this is what I say in every review, owner comes down to get away from it all have it. Yeah. Does that actually happen? Henry: Right? No. Because by the time I've gone out and made a coffee, I was just sitting there and have a coffee. Yeah, what we actually use it for is as a study in that you will sit here again with a laptop iPad, you know, the modern world is that whilst we're here we're at work, yeah, and we've got to do accounting, finances, do emails, keep in touch. And this is a really really lovely spot to sit with either two people or one person. You will probably have a cup of coffee on your computer with a view Jack Haines: Yeah, if you were on here for a week say, just you two. Do you have enough space for all your clothes? You're not having to go between cabins to stow stuff? Henry: No, clothes wise not. And it does mean then the other guests if they were staying can have so sometimes we'll have to have Emily in the fourth VIP as our third hostess. Because we've I think would have mentioned we coded for 12 plus three so 12 guests and three crew so that we can either run two hostesses ourselves, yeah. Or if we're working subcontract for an events company, they can put their host/hostess on-board. We can have Sharon as crew hostess and myself as skipper so you know it works to do that, you know, if she's in there she can keep all of her clobber there and stuff. Jack Haines: Well, I think that covers it to accommodation. Shall we go and have a look at the engine room. Henry: Absolutely, yeah. Jack Haines: Engine room access here, then in the cockpit lift up this hatch. And, again, we've said it before, but you said is another space that does feel bigger than the previous boat? Henry: Yeah, possibly a bit easier to manouver around in. So on the 50, you kind of walk down a ladder straight into the engine space. Here, you've got a sort of lazarette type area that leads through into the engine, where the engines are. This is where the seakeeper is on. So seakeeper sits underneath there underneath your chequer plate. And then the air conditioning compressors are all kind of stacked up in the same place there to the altogether to their engine, or your batteries are there. So it's, it's pretty easy to kind of walk around and do your daily checks. Location of raw water strainers and stuff. Yeah, are easier on this than the 50 that you cut off. We're slightly awkward to get. So yeah, I think it's just the I think they're always trying to put a lot of gear onto a boat of a given size. Jack Haines: There's more kit to put in Henry: Yeh, there's more kit to put so you know, I think real estate is always at a premium but yeah, pretty pleased with it in terms of sort of layout. Yeah, pretty straightforward. Jack Haines: What's your sort of routine sort of pre departure checklist for checking the engine room? Henry: Well, pray! So we're looking at, obviously, you know, levels. So strain has a lot of it with a new boat is actually quite easy, because it's all clean. You know, if you've got a leak, it'll show itself really quickly. So it's a D, Volvo D13-900 engines. 900 horsepower, I think I'm right in saying 3000 newton metres of torque each, which is the impressive one. But yeah, yeah. And they're good engines. We had cats on the 50. Yeah. You have to have Volvo's on this because it's what they build. Yeah. You know, there's a there's a bit of getting used to them. But yeah, I mean, it's a big boat, they drive it along. Alright, Jack Haines: I look forward to seeing what that's like. Shall we fire up and see what she can do? Certainly. I get the impression that you try to drive up here as much as you can, even though you've got that lovely lower half downstairs. This is where you'd prefer to be Yeah, Henry: I think the Solent can be a really really busy place. I mean, today is a really quiet day. But you can imagine certainly at the weekend a lot of sailing boats out commercial boats, motor boats, so it just gives me a really good visibility. If I've got charter guests on board, there's not the distraction of them being down below with them. So yeah, I'm you know, it's kind of you're in the open air I kind of quite like it it's quite pleasant. Jack Haines: And you tend to cruise I mean, generally I suppose it depends if you've got charter guests or not but where do you like to cruise what cruising speeds you tend to find yourself at most regularly? Henry: So if we do a lot of displacement as I said earlier the Solent's really predictable in terms of tides you know if we were heading the other way now we got three-three and a half, lots of tide. So if I do seven lots on the keel we've got 10 lots anyway for literally zero fuel burn if we're on the plane we're probably you know in and around 20 knots that sort of probably 18 to 22 knots dependent on you know conditions and what the boats doing I judge it more on kind of fuel burn really Yeah, so you know, we I'm probably 225 litres an hour okay, I'm kind of whatever that gives me in terms of weight on board. There's probably not a great deal of difference if we went up to 270 Yeah, in terms of fuel per mile it's probably about the same so yeah, Jack Haines: Well, shall we get up to 20 knots and see how she feels? Yeah absolutely. Henry: 20 knots 21 knots on the water and yeah, you know, it's a fairly even run up on this. There's no noticeable difference between displacement and the fading just going to know goes on the plank nicely Jack Haines: Interesting because when I tested this boat, I sort of naturally fell at 25-26 Yes, yeah, that's where where I feel like that's where it feels most comfortable but actually it's interesting you've you find this speed really is where you tend to live a bit more once you're on plain. Henry: Yes, because I'm paying for the fuel. The reality is, it's probably about the same in terms of fuel per mile. Yeah. You know, I just find that at 25-26 knots. You know, if you if there's a bit of movement in the water. Yeah, but I'm really conscious of keeping charter guests comfortable. It does feel very planted. Yeah, it's not very rough today. But no, but there's also solid feeling, through the water. Absolutely. Yeah. And I guess it's kind of that that I'm looking for. Jack Haines: Yeah, and do you tend to hand steer in the Solent, or do you use autopilot? Henry: I...a bit of both? Yeah. So what I do tend to do is, is sometimes I'll just put it on, you know, engage autopilot. And then what you can do on this, which is a bit unusual, is you can actually manually steer and break the, the autopilot, right, and then when you stop it reengages itself, so you haven't got to press buttons all the time. But what I what I sometimes do as well is just do a quick route to somewhere just so I know what time I'm gonna get there. Of course, if we've got to get somewhere by a certain time, Jack Haines: And is this how you generally have the screen setup? Chatrts engines and also you've got the seakeeper? Henry: I've got a seakeeper that might be seakeeper. Autopilot. If there's any risk of visibility, I'll have that as radar and a radar overlay the engines, you know, need to know, kind of less than that. So that kind of speed and depth gauge on there as well. So, Jack Haines: and you find yourself comfortable at this helm. Enough leg room and everything? Henry: Yeah, really nice. I can move the seat fore and aft. Yeah. And it's a really comfy seat. Yeah. So Jack Haines: cool. Well, that's great. I think maybe if we head back in towards the marina, we can talk a bit more about slow speed controlability. And how you found that, Henry: yep, no problem. Jack Haines: So we're nearly back in back into Portsmouth. And I thought it'd be worth talking about how you're finding slow speed manouvering because there are some bits of kit on this boat that are a first for you. You've got your variable speed thrusters. Yeah. And the joystick as well. Henry: Yeah, so joystick. I must be honest, I didn't actually spec and the boats that have arrived with it. The joystick I've used it a couple of times. On this boat, it's a shaft driven boat, rather than IPS. But the rudders are kind of electric swivel motors so they can turn independently. And then you do have the variable speed thrusters. And it kind of works using all those things. It's probably not for me, it's a little bit aggressive. I prefer to just use the controls, you know, a little input of control, see what the boats doing and just, you know, the joystick, for me, it's too aggressive. I wouldn't, I wouldn't want one. So you're using the throttles. So just throttles, yeah. And the thrusters, the variable speed thrusters, absolute game changer, right. First time I've had them and just delightful. What do you think you like so much about them? The fact that you can be really subtle with an input, right, and it makes you look like a hero, you know, you can just tease the nose a little bit or the stern. And then once we're alongside, I can just press the button, and it just gives me a little bit of thrust just holding the boat in. So it's easier for Sharon during the ropes. But you know, rather than again, having to have that loud sort of yes, you know, full force of thruster Yeah. Where they're either on or off. Yeah, Jack Haines: you can feed in the power. You can can feed a bit more, a bit more gently and incrementally as well. Henry: Yeah, it does make a make a very big difference. It's really nice. Jack Haines: And it does have a hold function as well. Yes. Henry: So it will hold the boat. It will hold the boat. And you can sort of hold it in various degrees of power. So, so yeah, it allows you to just hold it as you say against the pontoon. Jack Haines: And you'll tend to do the bulk of the manoeuvring from up here as well, you want to be doing that down there. Henry: No, I tend the only time if we're going to go starboard side-to. So portside-to, I can be here and I can see Sharon on the portside. One of the nice things about this is that the upper helm is on the portside, the lower helm is on the starboard side. So if I'm gonna go starboard side-to, sometimes I'll drop down onto the lower Helm. And then that way I can see Sharon. And so make sure she's not in difficulty or anything. Jack Haines: Yeah, cool. Well, we're gonna be back in now. So we'll let you concentrate. But Henry, thank you very much for giving us so much time on board. It's been fascinating. And yeah, we massively appreciate it. Hope you have a great season on board her. Many thanks. I hope you enjoyed that video something a little bit different for us something we're hoping to do more of. I hope you liked it, do give us some feedback in the comments below and Mango is for charter and I'll put a link to her website in the description below. If you'd like to watch my in depth review of the Princess F55 you can watch it up here. And if you'd like to subscribe, then please click up here. Thanks for watching.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Yachtbuyer [27 likes]: Thanks for the great feedback on this video and of course to the owner, Henry, for making it happen. If you’d like your boat to be featured please drop us an email to: editorial@yachtbuyer.com - thanks!
  2. @simonvalentine3860 [1 likes]: If you got 5 p eveytime you said yeah or yes you’d own your own boat YEAH YES ITS ANNOYING STOP IT YEAH YES YES YES YEAH
  3. @CarlosVazquezUbago: Really nice video Jack!!! Please many more of this whenever you can. If possible any Greenline model. Thank you!
  4. @StefanKjaernested-er9ov: Great and very interesting review. It would be really useful to hear more about the owner’s real-life experience, especially maintenance, reliability, and how warranty issues are handled.
  5. @lynnedecision9867: So great to hear an owner’s view. Really helps in determining what is important and pros and cons. Thanks
  6. @ninja12lawbreaker: Its great to see the boats on the move, not just a list of features
  7. @jaspercarruthers1484: Great Videos Jack, it would be great to do one and include running costs, birth costs, maintenance etc. Great videos mate new to the channel but absolutely love it 😊
  8. @huskordtitherington9169: Sorry I'm so late to the party on this one, but only just discovered it. Great video, loved all the details. I do like all the tour videos, but it's so good to hear about the day to day running, especially from an actual owner. Good work, thanks.
  9. @VladAkhrameiko: 😎✌️
  10. @RReimannTV: Well done!
  11. @EL10-xf9ez: 7/10
  12. @davidharries6980: Great video really Interesting seeing how they are actually used
  13. @Nate-zy5ce: Beautiful.  A question.  Can one person handle this fine alone, without any crew, or is it too large to do that, or do that comfortably?
  14. @chizzlemo3094: Having watched 100s of Yacht videos, this was full of new insight, from the real value of a sea-keeper down to fridge logistics! Brilliant, fascinating
  15. @pipomorais1: Very very good video Jack ... You could replace any TV presenter , you treat the interview exactly the way it should be done , let the interviewer speak and explain and put important questions ... well you could replace Lineker ...
  16. @johannjohann6523: Not like I own a couple of yachts, but from what I've seen Princess offers the best all around value, offering performance and nice amenities.
Where yachts like Fairline focus on performance and good looks first and amenities second. Even though Henry talks about Porsche, it seems there are still
better performing yachts than Princess. Nothing against Princess as I think they offer the best all around boat/yacht.
  17. @Crazy_Worlds: Fab boat. Huge space for a 55. I wonder what the range is at lower speeds, say 20kn and 8kn?
  18. @JohnWFraserBrown: ps I would love to know how I would be able to contact Henry regarding a Charter aa that would be an option for me
Many thanks
  19. @JohnWFraserBrown: Came across this video after watching a video tour of the Princess factory which really impressed me  so much that I'm seriously looking at one of their boats
This is just the boat
Great video one of the best and many thanks to Henry as he has helped make up my mind
His comments about Porsche echoes my thoughts being a Porsche man for many years
  20. @jules9105: Great video, lovely boat 👌

- Princess Yachts: 60 Years of Distinction in Detail - The Documentary: Kind: captions Language: en When we built the Princess 45, I I remember saying, "That's the largest boat we're ever going to build." But I think I've probably repeated that every time we built a bigger boat. >> David King, his teaching and his development, all those values that he had carried [music] through to the new products today. >> What you see inside should be better than what you expect. >> Princess DNA is an understated elegance. >> We're trying to color our own path and just create something that's beautiful. timeless and elegant. >> When you go around that factory and [music] see the skill and the work and the magic that takes place, it outstrips anyone on the market. >> You know, the people are everything. It's a specific desire and that desire [music] is what translates into the quality of the product. >> It's about all the small details combining them to create the [music] best luxury in boating. We we've seen the company growing and growing and the models growing and improving. >> The designers at Princess have always kept that [music] timeless philosophy. We will always link the past with the present and the future. [music] >> It's only when you put it all together that you realize how far you've gone in relatively [music] short time. Who knows where it's going to be in another 60. >> It's like being on the crest wave really. Myself and a friend were [music] both in the Navy, but we didn't really see a future for ourselves in the Navy. We'd had a a lovely holiday on the North Broads, and we thought, well, what a good idea to uh charter boats out from Plymouth. So then we went around looking for a boat of around 30 foot to buy. And we were horrified by the price of boats. We thought, well, we can build one for much less than than this. Uh there was there was a warehouse on Stonehurst Creek and it had been used for sulfur phosphates, fertilizers. In other words, the first thing we had to do because the walls were all covered in sulfur phosphates. The first thing we had to do was wash the walls [music] down. So our f first purchase in ' 65 as a company was actually to buy a barrel of beer, a furkin of ale actually 72 pints um and get the local fire brigade to come down and wash off the wash off the walls on a Sunday. So [music] we we bought in a set of moldings. We bought a hull and a deck. I installed the engine and we fitted it out. We called it project 31. We were very enthusiastic. So we were halfway through fitting it out. We thought, are we quite so sure that this chartering of boats is going to work around Plymouth because the weather is just [music] so unpredictable. What happens if somebody drives it round to Sulcrim? And then there's uh bad weather, etc. The next charter comes along and the boat isn't here, it's stuck in Sulcrim. [music] It's not quite like the Norfolk Broads. And so we thought, well, it's not going to work, is it? And here we are. We we're leaving the Navy or left the Navy. and um we're involved in in in a project that is probably not going to work out very well. [music] So we thought, well, we better sell the boat. I I I I got to hear of a a gentleman in Cornwall and he was interested in in buying a boat. Took him out for a run on the boat cuz because by then it must have been around July, August. And we actually uh he bought the boat. He bought the boat for £3,400. We thought it had cost us £2,400 to build it at that point. Uh, so we had a party. After the party, we thought we better find out what it really cost us. And we then discovered it actually cost us £3,460, but by that time we'd actually sold two more boats. So we realized there was a future in it. And so we became a boat builder. Princess 32 was simply taking the project 31 and giving it a more modern look. I mean, I simply drew the deck of that on on my kitchen table at home and it was nothing very very special, but was it was a distinctive look which people like and it was practical and it worked. >> David King, he really drive the design of our boats from day one. >> He was into every every detail [music] and he he talked to every person in the team. his teaching and his development have [music] carried through to the new products today. All those values that he had, [music] we try and pull forward into the new project. >> There are so many occasions where I've I've spoken [music] with David about his legacy and the company and what he's responsible [music] for, but he goes out of his way to take no credit for this fantastic organization that he's built. They say a brand is personified by its leader. And I think that the the product [music] is reflective of that. We've built a boat over time that beautifully designed and today's boats have have come on obviously leaps and bounds from the origins back in 1965. [music] But the fundamentals were the boat's got to work and I think that underpins Princess. It's a Boers's boat. Seaeping and performance still underpin everything that we do. But beyond that, it we now craft some of the most beautifully aesthetic boats in the business. We didn't really get into into our own design until about 7273 when we came out with a 33-footer and a 37footer. My father started to work with Princess [music] Shots in the early '7s. I believe it was on the 30DS and we've worked with Princess on just about every project ever since. >> We are [music] integrated with Princess. We're like a like a department of Princess. We're that close. It's key to us that you can you can [music] recognize Princess at a distance. It's all about balance and proportion. You know, it's very calm. There's long running lines. It's not fussy. They look luxurious, very [music] sophisticated, and they're very distinctive. >> One thing that's remained consistent throughout the years is everyone's ability to hand sketch exterior styling. Nowadays, there's a lot more 3D sketching. If you can get the profile looking good in 2D, it will work in 3D. That gives us a really good understanding of [music] space and volume and shape. It also gives us an opportunity to collaborate really well with the wider team to make sure everything works together perfectly. >> So from the initial conversations between Mafar and David King 50 years ago to where we are today, the whole world's changed. >> We still [music] produce onetoone scale mockups of every interior and exterior space. That said, we [music] also use CFD. We use virtual reality. We're using AI technology to to help us through sort of fast uh layout generation. [music] It's the blend of the technologies that work so well for us. Over time, we have at times been quite radical, particularly when we've developed a new class of boat and X-class is is a is a prime example. And I remember when we showed the first concept of the X95 to [music] David King, he nearly fell off his chair. You know, it was not a stereotypically beautiful princess design. X-Class has now spawned a whole a whole series of boats. >> I think it's it's a particular success being able to maximize that interior volume and maintain performance and create something which is which is unique in the industry um but still absolutely calls the Princess brand. >> It pushed every department, every discipline, everyone's ideas to the absolute max. >> There's more interior volume on every [music] boat we we produce and we we're always pushing that envelope. It's only when you put it all together that you realize how far you've gone in relatively short [music] time. You know, who knows where it's going to be in another 60. Even as we expand the range and we go bigger and we introduce new classes, there will still be a thread that runs through the uh the core DNA of the product that that links the the past with the present and the future. >> Looking over the next 3 to four years, we have very exciting uh development program, but I can't really talk in detail about that. But yes, I'm going to I'm very interested in in the new products I know about. You have to get everything right in a boat. What you see inside should be better than what you expect. >> The the customer's first impression when they step on board is [music] everything. You walk on there and and everything you see really has been hand selected for that boat. Down from the shapes to the materials to the loose furniture to the stitch color. So when we enter a boat, we want the design to feel very spacious. We want it to feel comfortable and very light. >> So the Princess DNA is kind of an understated elegance with regard to kind of materials. You know, we're really careful about choosing brands that that we believe suit the product. But we also have to make sure that what we are using is still timeless at the moment. For us, that's that's finishes. So um and colors. colors for us at the moment are subtle, gentle elements that will lift the interior but not take away from the boat design. So we feel that creates a kind of a homely and inviting atmosphere for the customer. >> Now we have reached the the summit and so you expect the details and finish in in 1965 David created the first project 31. Those design principles are carried all the way through. So on that boat you'll see a lot of use of hardwood. You'll see attention to detail on every surface. That attention to detail has really carried its way all the way through our product development. >> You've got to look ahead at least 10, 20, 30 years to make sure it's going to still be relevant in that amount of time. >> You know, it's an absolute privilege really to be able to design a product where you can control so many of the moving parts. We've got over 2,000 of the best crafts people in the business right here in Plymouth. When you go down to the the shipyard and you see the level of craftsmanship and and effort and and care that's gone into fitting those materials is really what makes the difference. >> Takes about 2 years of full design process. So that's that's from concept to completion. [music] There's nothing better than seeing your designs literally come to life. >> Walking on on board a boat with a client at a boat shower down in Plymouth and and their reaction, you know, is exactly as we'd hoped um is a real sense of achievement. We haven't really followed any particular trends. We're trying to color our own path and just create something that's just beautiful, timeless, and elegant. >> It's about all the [music] small details, combining them to create the We've simply tried to predict where things are going by talking to your customers and and your distributors as far as people's aspirations and you try and meld that all together in producing a product that's going to give the customer great satisfaction. Our first point of contact really with the design process is to start with the customers who already own one and they're not shy in sharing their ideas and of course they know our product better than we do. They live on them. It's in sync. The interior is in sync with the exterior. It feels like home. You know, it's not a design statement. We're just trying to create a beautiful environment to enjoy. So that mindset of continuous improvement exists throughout the business. Boat building is a sort of family business. You had to be on the same team as your distributors and your customers. In the 70s, we would have had distributors all over Europe. Not much further a field than that. The story over the years has been building a distribution network. >> Boating is about family. When I was a kid growing up, my dad wanted me to get involved and and um you know, see what it was all about. That's how a lot of people do it. My grandfather had a sailing yacht in Oand and my father had a sailing yacht. We used to to cross the channel from Oend to Ramsgate or to do. My father had seen an ad in a English boat magazine called Princess 32. Took a seat trial. Princess had no dealer in Sweden at the time. So he said, "Well, why don't you become our new dealer?" And uh has worked full-time in the boats ever since. It was in September 1977 and that's when I started selling Princess and I've never stopped since. First boat I sold myself must have been when I was around 18 19 years old. I was helping during uh summer breaks and also at boat shows. >> The first one I sold to a French man was a Princess 37. There was a the very popular model. >> Got our first boat. I want to say it was a a 56 back then. Sold it to a professional baseball player at the time. I think the first year we probably probably only did, you know, a handful of boats. But we've continued to grow each year and today we do, you know, roughly about 50 boats. I think I've sold about 1,300 new Princess alto together. We sold almost 1,000 Princess boats in total over the years. today. I'm going to get the number wrong, but I think there are something in the order of us 60 or 70 distributors around the world. >> We've seen the company growing and improving. The product is great product. >> Princess is is a gorgeous looking boat. The designers at Princess have always kept that timeless philosophy. >> The layout has been good in the way they can actually live on the boat. >> We have customers that are on their seventh or eighth Princess. It's a nice company to work with. We have the same motivation and we keep having that motivation. They trust me and we trust them. >> It's been amazing journey and I look forward to many years to come. >> I'm very proud to be uh 30 years with Princess and we're looking forward to another 30. >> I could stop working but I don't want I don't intend to stop working because we've grown together. It's not just a work. It is a family. >> The very first boat show, I think we sold four or five boats. 1967 caught in a corner by a bloody great doorway and uh uh freezing cold. We were selling boats, so that was the fun of it. And it was it was exciting. >> I grew up in uh Ellis on the west coast of Sweden, so I've always been around boats. I just love it. >> I've been in boat shows since I was a child. Now it's 40 years. It's a really a lifestyle for us for our family. >> I used to go with my father to the London boat show every year and that was in Ear Court these days. I was I think maybe 14 or 15 year old. Every year we went to the Guinness stand and he has his Guinness and I had a small Guinness like that >> in the early ' 90s. Um, and it was the London boat show and it stuck with me. I collected all the brochers as you do when you were a kid and had bags and bags and I looked at them for years afterwards. I think board shows are very important. People have the possibility to see many, many different products. They really can taste and feel the quality that we have on board. when they can really touch it and see with their own eyes. >> We meet new clients and we are able to inspire people to the boating and they can compare >> and it's an excuse. There's an excuse to come bring the family, bring your friends. If you're about to make a decision on a boat, you can come here and say, "Yep, that F58 is the boat I want." It's where you get to see a good range of boats. Maybe have a look at some competition and then come back and make your final choices. you get to see them dressed. It's very rare you get to see a boat like they're displayed here. >> And then also because our customers now are often business people and they don't have much time to spend all around to look for their boat. So it's important to have all the boats together in a show and give them the possibility to see them. For us Italians, we usually use our boats in Mediterranean Sea. So for us it's important to see uh the boat here in Kh for sure because you really can feel the summer. >> I was on the S80 earlier today and they're having around 200 people coming for that boat. That's not 200 people just looking at it. That's 200 qualified people coming on board with their dealer wanting to see that boat. Boat shows are vital for that to happen. >> You get a chance to explore the differences and spend time with a family understanding their needs. Whether it's Dubai or Fort Lauderdale or Singapore, obviously CAM where we are today, they've evolved and become, you know, one of the favorite parts of the year. >> I think boat shows will be always very important. The boats is something emotional, so you have to experience it. >> When people go over a boat at a boat show or or wherever, got to be things on the boat that surprise and delight you. and that's detail. We've all always practiced that philosophy. >> I've been in the industry since I was a a young fell uh building boats. I'm a boat builder. Nothing compares with what I'm doing now with Princess [music] Yachts. It's just the fit and finish and the detail. I mean, you look at those premium brands across the world. My Princess is up there. It's probably the the premier boat brand being constructed in the world today. Princess is a a great brand and I've been privileged to be part of it for over 30 years. The quality of the product, you know, the quality of the engineering, the quality of the furniture, the stainless steel is absolutely topnotch. And of course, it's all done right here in Plymouth. When we started building boats, the supply network uh within the UK was was not great. And um it meant we had to become more vertically integrated. It became obvious that we had to mold ourselves. We couldn't go on buying in molding. And so we built ourselves a molding factory at Leill Industrial Estate. So we're molding our own boats by then. At the same time, we bought up sites in Newport Street and eventually we ended up with the whole street. We ended up uh making our own stainless steel, making windows. We did our own upholstery. I mean we make our own fuel tanks as well. So, one had to become to some extent a jack of all trades and one had to also be because of the product we're building had to become a master of all trades as well. If we didn't produce our own electrical wiring looms, we certainly couldn't build the boats efficiently. If we didn't do all our own glass fiber molding, we certainly couldn't achieve some of the shapes and the detailing within that. If we didn't make up all our own furniture, we could never achieve the quality of finish and the quality of detail. So the vertical integration is a great strength. In the early days, we don't have a supply chain, a network of artisans [music] to do moldings for us, to make metal work, to make furniture. So over time, we had to do those things ourselves. And of course, now that's one of the fundamentals of Princess. We're one of the most vertically integrated luxury yacht builders in the world, which means that we're wholly self-sufficient in terms of delivery and quality and consistency. >> The product development that that Princess are doing currently, it outstrips anyone on the market. It's they're getting the boats are getting better quality. Uh they're getting more efficient because they're using better technology in developing the holes and molding the holes to get the weight out. So, you're going to see some really special product come out of that shipyard. The factory is so welcoming. They like, you know, getting the clients there. Everyone that goes to the shipyard, they they look at the artisans building the boats and the detail that goes into it. It's just blows people away. >> You know, the the people are everything. It it's a specific skill and it's a specific desire to make a good job of what they're doing. And that desire is what translates into the quality of the product. Without those people, we wouldn't have the product we have. >> Over the years, and we had an enormous amount of luck in attracting the right people to the company. Whether you were talking about people who are actually building the boats, people who are managing the people building the boats, or people in accounts in in sales, etc. We we we had some terrific people, as we still do. We're sort of a sort of Oh, I don't know. It's a bit corny, isn't it? A sort of band of brothers in a way together with our suppliers and our distributors. And that was the the real trick in expanding the company. I mean, we have customers who are on their fifth, sixth, seventh, eighth boat. That's that sort of number. And that's detail, getting the detail right. Princess is part of the fabric of Plymouth. It's been here for 60 years and has grown with the city over 60 [music] years. And with a relationship built on shared heritage, it's almost a living heritage that keeps keeps the business where it is today and drives [music] it forward and the city with it. >> Plymouth is a place that's reinvented itself many times and I'm really proud to be part of that sort of tradition about keeping the city moving forward. >> I think the city's really going places and I think it's [music] a really exciting time to be living and working in Plymouth. We only succeed by collaborating in this city. Our partner up the road, City College Plymouth, are fully on the bus with us in that journey in training our skills and looking looking [music] for the future workforce. >> There's a real importance to Plymouth and especially Princess Shorts about upskilling, [music] cross-skilling, retraining. This affects the community. You see families just thrive and flourish into these jobs. But something that's been so magical in the last six years is is that Princess Shots and City College Plymouth have worked really closely together in terms of what needs to be delivered. Princess Yachts are really engaged in all sorts of things that we do at the Plymouth. But perhaps most importantly, they they support and sponsor Playhouse, which is a program for primary [music] schools in the city of Plymouth. It's always a really really important part of the year that all of our staff love that it brings in a new audience to CRP. Princess Yachts really do sort of show the way in terms of commercial organizations in the city. The outreach work we do um which is sponsored by Princess Yachts helps us get people ready for employment could be young people that wanting to go into apprenticeships so they're engaged within the the charity and the football club but also it removes barriers such as cost to come and participate and that gives you you know that that pride element but also gives you that ambition that opportunity >> the skills uh the craftsmanship it's why the company is so important to Plymouth and I'm so proud of it every time one of those boats you know gets exported is taking a little piece of the city with >> There there's generations of families that have have come through our gates. So there's there's a living legacy [music] that continues. We've got a responsibility for the future well-being of the city as a whole. And the way you do that is through collaboration. And that means whether it's city college up the road or whether it's the interaction with the city council, by having that shared aspiration for the city and its people, you can achieve much [music] better things. Making the highest quality spec yachts in the world that are out there globally is an international source of pride for the city [music] and for the people. Favorite princess? My favorite boat. Um, wow. >> I often get the question >> cuz there's so many special ones. >> It's a it's a big question. >> So, that's a tricky one. I think it's always the last one you uh you launch. Or maybe it's not. Maybe it's the ones we can't tell you about. It's the ones we're just uh we're just starting to uh conceptualize. >> Over the years, I've had many favorite Princesses, but probably the most [music] um current one is the S80. It's sporty, but also practical. It's the most advanced. It's a boat we've just done. It's [music] got everything a Princess should have. >> I I think the Y72, particularly the YClass, it it absolutely defines Princess. The Y72 is the quintessential princess. >> You know, it's this quiet, [music] refined, understated elegance. Um, with no compromise. >> The performance of the boat and the way we build it and the layout hit all the things off that I internally feel are princess [music] through and through. I struggle to think of any previous model [music] that outperforms it. Oh, not one particular favorite. No, I think they've all been fantastic boats. The X80. I do like that one. That's nice. That's very nice boat. Totally different from what we've done before and moved us on, moved the company on. I think they just look fantastic. >> But probably one of my best memories would be a Princess 67. I had the opportunity to dive off the back of the boat. >> I wrote all the carpentry standard work for that boat. That boat was phenomenal. So the 60s and the 70 were were my favorite builds to [music] to be working on. Yes, >> the F45 was absolutely my favorite. That's where I was able to actually stand on my own two legs a little bit. I was just able to actually do it for myself. >> In general, the S-Class because it's a great compromise of uh shape of the more open boats. >> If I had to pick one today, it would be a S72. I think it it's got everything. And that transition at 70 ft when you go from a boat with raised tow [music] rails to to to full-on bullw walks creates that feeling of being on a true ship. And I think that's that's always appealed to me. >> I think the F65 is probably probably my favorite. It it's still manageable for an owner operator. You don't need a crew and it's just has four nice stateaterooms and three heads and it's a nice boat. >> My personal favorite uh is actually made today. is called V-55 and that is that is because the the cockpit and the because the the cockpit and the saloon saloon are really really linked are really really linked together. So it together. So it makes the boat extremely makes the boat extremely social. social. >> I love the V-55. Um it's a great boat for >> um a sporty, fun um group of people, you know, spend a night on there, spend a day on there, you know, love it. >> It's the last one that I had the pleasure of selling and really diving into with the family. is called V-55 and into with the family. My favorite one is the one I'm going to sell tomorrow. Whe whatever it is, which model it is, that's my always my favorite one. That is the motivation to sell. One of my favorite Princess models would have been the V-52. It was one of the early Vboats. We had a V39 and a V-52 and they're both very, very successful. Well, it was a deep V sports boat, very good for long-distance cruising. I seem to remember once went up to cows week coming down to to Sulcam and and doing the whole trip in about 2 and a half hours which was you know sort of record more or less at the time averaging something like 37 38 knots. The tide was under us there. We had the the moon absolutely on the horizon in front of us and behind us in the exhaust the blood red sun coming up to drive that thing at sort of 38 or so heading down to sulcom for breakfast. It was a hell of a sensation. >> The future mission is to maintain and build on this fabulous heritage that we have. [music] We need to make sure that we continue to build the finest boats in the business. That our level of craftsmanship and design is competitive and appealing to the buyers of today, but also the buyers of tomorrow. [music] and that we continue to think laterally and develop boats that perhaps reach markets or customers that we didn't reach yesterday. Our development of the Odyssey program, of [music] the C-class, of the X-Class, you know, those sort of innovations are fundamental to our to [music] our future. That's been part of our DNA for decades. There are multigenerational families that live and breathe Princess around the world. Princess is its people. Our shipyard is not [music] Princess. If we didn't have a building, we could build a new building and build a boat. But without our people, [music] none of that would be possible. Whilst we're looking forward, we we can't forget that. And the important thing [music] is to make sure that we continue building a better product that performs better, that's built to a higher level of quality, and that continuous improvement is what will sustain the brand for the long term. The next 60 years are more important than the last 60 years in many ways. You know, we can we can put that in the history books, but [music] the next 60 years is yet to be written. The company is is one of the cornerstones of the luxury offing industry. All because of David King. >> What am I most proud of? Building up a successful company um and um and also building a family with [music] suppliers within the company itself and with distributors. And obviously most important of all the customers and the the loyalty of the customers is quite outstanding. Looking ahead to 10, 20, 30 years, I hope the company continues successfully and continues with the reality that [music] the brand is well respected and people know that in in in purchasing one of our boats, they they're going to get a groundbreaking boat.

  Top Comments:
  1. @russlevan3597 [1 likes]: Congratulations. Lovely boats, so keep making them and I'll keep buying them.
  2. @mytubehkjt [1 likes]: Please please continue to support older boats. These things last for decades and need factory support. Global factory support.
  3. @scabbycatcat4202: So pleased to see they are still built in the UK-  keep up the good work !!
  4. @homerjsimpson2118: when i was onboard a new 2024 65 feet princess and down in the cabins i could hear the water banging on the hull. nooo thank you....
  5. @adrianbeckett7959: fantastic boats i just wished you would still build smaller boats like the princess 286 .
  6. @frankh7303: How many Princess yachts now sit abandoned in creeks and marinas polluting the environment with micro plastics while the GRP slowly delaminates and erodes. Horrible boats.

- Why do luxury yachts cost so much?: Kind: captions Language: en there's not many of boat yards that have actual cannons balls look at that that's incredible so we can now basically walk through the boat effectively so this is the stuff you're turning into boat Interiors exactly exactly seven tons of hardwood per week no way every week wow you get a real sense of the scale from here don't you look at the people in it I they look like ants almost the cars you can see on the left are princess owned police cars no way we build just under 2,000 mil of cable in here every single year to make an S80 is about 35,000 man hours we always got to put into effective have big the pl is here yes I know I'm not t but a b will that's a big crane wow they are works ofart all on the own aren't they look at that five boats on the left are all 80 we have another 80 here we have 180 just ready to come out got y80 on that side and in fact there's another one in the back of the shop alongside 28 five so quite a lot of boats in one shed and all very big and how many factories have you got in total uh seven in total right employing how many people 3,300 people wow yeah million square fet undercover manufacturer but there's quite a lot of road work in here roads around the place isn't there very much so very much so yeah so surely we could knit back later get a couple of those police cars do a bit of a Chase I mean cuz you know private ground they they are tracked I am so excited to be bringing you a video today from Princess Yachts this one you're going to find absolutely fascinating because we're going to show you everything that goes into building a luxury yacht and why they cost so much money now we're down at the customer room this is where customers come to spec their boats or to see their boats in build and we are meeting Ross who is a regional sales director Hello Ross hello how are you Ross is our host today and we've also got Luke and we've got Heidi with us as well so you guys are going to see everything from start to finish that goes into building a princess Yachts this one is going to be fascinating so Ross what's the plan for today well we thought Nick what we' do is we'll show you what our clients go through when they come to visit the shipyard uh and see their boat in build uh and we thought it' be fun if we did that with an sat8 so what we're going to do is show you through to what we do uh in the full scale mockup through to our feeder Factory which is where we make make all the component parts of the boat then onto the build line so understand how those component parts go into making the boat itself and then we'll go down to the marine and see the finished article brilliant that is absolutely perfect so we're heading up to the first stop on our tour where are we going Ross we're going to southyard which is pretty historic place it's this South End of the dockyard um and it's where they used to build all the warships back in the 1700s um and we've got these rather amazing buildings the old ropery buildings um that we inherited or now the custodians of um we can't really do a awful lot with them because they're protected the gr one listed so we make full scale mockups of all of our boats in there and have done for the last number of years so every boat that anyone seen that we've built from the v40 to the 40m to the 70 uh to the S65 and indeed the S80 we make them walk up in here uh and they're pretty unique as you're about to see because it gives us a unique opportunity to walk through the boat see how it feels see how high the seats are um and the design team and the CES team can really engage with the boat and feel how it's going to be the other benefit is is for boats that are a long way into the distance owners can fly in and really get an idea of what the boat's going to be like that they're buying fantastic and that I think quite a crucial point isn't it CU a lot of this stuff is done on sort of CAD Cam and all that but you can't actually feel it until you can get in it exactly we use c a lot uh and like you say you can sort of visualize and get into it but you can't sit there you can't walk through it you can't flow through the boat so hopefully this is what you're going to see today and you see the difference it makes there's not many boat yards that have actual cannons as oh wow I didn't remember BS oh these ones here yeah that's fantastic yeah they win arguments that's for sure so this is the largest um naval base in Western Europe wow it's four miles long wow and we're at the southern end of it okay the only thing we we built is the the 40m tent which is quite an impressive tent the rest of it is actually have we improved it but is all Naval and then this is the rer so this is I think it's 1725 ft long right the end was blown off in second W wall so it did originally come to there yeah and each floor has no walls to make the Rope and that was the amount of rope needed oh I see for a warship wow so literally a ropery literally a ropery so the floors is are Stone so because obviously making they made rope out of hemp and out of uh coconut husk and obviously it was SLA so if you made out of wood it would wear it out so it's Stone floors it's pretty amazing that's astonishing okay I'm in an area where I can't show you what's going on cuz it's top tot secret but I do need to show you what an incredible building this is because look how long this is down here so this is inside the ropery and if I swing on around it goes off down that way as well this is absolutely immense anyway let's move on the bombers across the roof this is where they called them wow this is an amazing building isn't it look at this this is the stand we took to dust off a couple of years ago when we launched the x95 right the story of the x95 okay y yeah and then morning morning morning and there we are this is the S80 wow look at that that's through the boat effectively exactly and the idea is that you once the design team have done their drawings and we've got to pretty much close to what we want to do we make the mockup it's much easier obviously for us to change this then it change the Finish article of course um but the key is we you we get the heights correct make sure it works how it flows so make no sharp edges the boat flows nicely on this boat for example we've changed the staircase round cuz the table was on the starb side and what we didn't want to be doing is having dinner and looking into the galley you might not have picked that up on a drawing but you would you pick it up on this one this actually shows um the enclosed Bridge um but we can also take that away to show what it's like when it's got foot open plant so there's lots of things you can play around with in plywood it's slightly trickier to deal on the finish off of course yeah yeah cuz if once you build it you're committed aren't you basically committed yeah very much so but it's uh I mean this is the boat it's it's fairly incredible we had a very successful s78 and this is really the next generation of that so we've tried to make slightly bigger Galley um lots of storage to make it a useful boat you princess we really try and make our boats usable um big opening window there's a TV that pops out of there so you can sit down in the cockpit watching TV the cockpit really is yeah the selling point this is what the boat's all about cuz this is basically the saloon doors here so this is all outside and this is air conditioned so air conditioning vents out of here so got nice cool air being blown onto everybody deep sides to stop the wind coming in and then this real nice e Air at the back both these chairs are movable so and we'll see that on the finished article later and then we can come right through this the hole of the main deck that would be the steps down presumably to the lower deck yeah that's correct and then up here is the is the bridge this is great look at this and it shows the open hard toop so that's what the Gap is in the roof uh I've got you okay up here yeah yeah and look at this building it's a very very special building Bonkers isn't it yeah yeah proper Heritage fantastic that is great the space there it's a long way back isn't it yeah that's a big boat that is a big boat so we haven't mocked up the downstairs because this is a platform boat so we have the S80 the x80 and the y80 and downstairs is the for cam layout all the same so engineering wise the 80s are the same the Hol is the same it's been designed to be an x a y and an S right so so the L basically already exists in the in the models that are already out exactly the volume of the X the more conventional star of the Y and then the sportiness of the S uh and the performance that goes along with those as well of course fantastic these guys are amazing what they do is they have originally quite a rough GA to build this from and there's four full-time carpenters and all they do is make these mockups so they get the first generation G they build it from this is like the latest generation this is what we're building the boat on today you imagine going back 18 months yeah and what they can create is is they're very tever men and ladies so this uh rock face here is the old um sea war basically this is what the land used to be and everything think in front of that uh was reclaimed in the 1800s um to make a pickling yard for the Mars mares come here and be pickled um and then buil the yard for building the warships to La that's astonishing just going to have a look at yeah absolutely wow so what was this so this was literally um a pagoda built for him to survey his Fleet and his new dockyard imagine that's that's all new you yeah 200 300 years old it was in the day yeah exactly that's astonishing have a cup of tea up here look at this it's proper history isn't it okay this is a very very quick aside because this isn't actually princess Yachts although it is their their building so what we've got here is well it's a cathedral it's a boat building Cathedral this was built to make warships uh in the 1700s um Oak structure with a lead lined roof um and now we leas it out to a company called will Sterling and they turn trees into beautiful Uh handbuilt Wood boats this is incredible the boats are incredible but look at this building that is amazing this here apparently is a 100y old uh bricks controller that's being completely rebuilt and you can see another boat being refitted just about in behind it there so these guys build the boats here but they also look after this incredible building cuz it takes a lot of looking after us a lot of wood fantastic so yeah the 95s are built in these two sheds so there's two in that one and we build four in this shed at a time um we got some solar panels hence the're going on the roofs and then this shed is where we build the deck and the hole for the 72s wow the decks are joined in there that's another massive massive building isn't it yeah and how many factories have you got in total uh seven in total right um employing how many people 3,300 people wow yeah Millions sare ft of undercover manufacturer that's astonishing isn't it yeah and how many boats a year do you build uh around right so where's your next Ross so we've seen them walk up so we understand now what the boat's going to be like so the next stage we need to see is we also make all our own tooling and plugs so we're going to go now to see some five axis M machines and how we come up with the holes and all the different fiberglass parts that we make perfect and there is another princess Factory which I think is where we're going there's a few of them in pth absolutely so what we got here Nick is five aess mill machine so if you look at the drill head got a variety of different size drill heads here oh okay yeah I see and what that does is that moves to the C design uh on these blocks of poly stying foam right and that will get it to A8 of a millim accuracy and we take it out we'll cover it in a modeling clay which we're going to see behind us in a moment and then that will get us to a 1: one the guys then give a light sand and that's where we take our plugs from and that's where the molds come from for the boats wow so the S80 for example has 260 individual fiberglass molds and they all be made here that's incredible [Music] [Applause] so once we've cut the poar in this next door um we stabilize it with your fiberglass as you see is here and when one of the team put the modeling clay on as you can see it's quite rough when it goes on it'll go back in next door and that's where we get the pinpoint accuracy the find us product that we need wow every stage is so labor intensive isn't it so labor intensive yeah a lot of hands that touch your boat by the time it gets to the end yeah and this is just to make the molds this is not even this is not even building the boat this is building the bits to build the boat with exactly exactly but we do this is part of why we we make try and make everything ourselves you control the quality you control what you're doing just makes it more inhouse product brilliant so what we're looking at here is a finished um mold which now needs to leave and this to me looks like a tray we on a princess we have a hle y we have a deck yeah but inside the hul we have what we see here the tray this will drop into that be bonded to the sides you can actually see all the different uh build fittings yeah and this is what all the furniture drops into but also gives the boat lots of um strength so the whole strength the stiffness of the tray and then the stiffness of the deck on top of it and so this has been carved out by the milling machine exactly so it was a solid block exactly exactly originally the Polish staring solid block then the modeling clay on top of it that was mil down and now we see we clean this all up we'll put the new gel coat on top of it and when that comes out a bit like a a baking tray a cake tray you have the plug we will make all the different molds from that's incredible pretty cool the size of it yeah and that's you almost see it's the B section as it Curves in holes going up for into the B section it's quite neat you can actually see that's the shower tray there oh yes yeah that's this bit here yeah so that's where the heads will be amazing so what's your next Ross okay so we are now going towards Kool and Kool is what we call our feeder Factory and that's where we make all the the guts of the boat really so we make the furniture uh we've got really nice Furniture Factory there which we're going to have a look at we make the wiring looms uh we make all our metal work uh we make our small molds so things like the wet bars the helm stations the deck heads that type of thing as also the holes as well so it's really part of our USP here what stands us out a lot is the fact we make everything there which is often contracted out to make an S80 is about 35,000 hours man hours wow now 15 and a half of that is in the typical sense of it so that's where we on the build line pushing all the bits together um and then we have that again where we're going to go now so making the wiring loons making the uh the furniture making the home and the thing it comes across I think is just how handbuilt these things genuinely are we talk about handb built but these really are men with tools and women with tools of course putting this stuff together completely and you know part of that um handbuilt this is is is what makes you know boats so special uh and you know so I suppose as you said before expensive you you you're dealing with a handbuilt boat built by Artisans and you we are really what our Workforce you you don't you don't create these boats without having some very skilled uh men and women um we very proud of of who we've got here and there's a lot of years some of our guys have been here you 40 years plus wow um and a lot have been here for 30 years and a lot have been here for 20 years so yeah we're very lucky to have the workforce we do um because they are skilled and very dedicated so this is koool this is um our feeder Factory uh and is a 26 Acre Site uh the cars you can see on the left are princess owned police cars no way we're not allowed to drive them so we employ Duty policeman to escort all of our larger loads but it's pretty cool to have our own Fleet of police cars and then this is where we make all the guts of a princess it's also our training center so all of our apprentices and all of our new recruits come through here um and it's quite a fascinating place but there's quite a lot of road work in here roads around the place isn't there very much so very much so yeah so surely we could knit back later get a couple of those police cars do a bit of a Chase I mean CU you know private ground they they they are tracked they know they know they were in them so I thought we'd start off by going to the beginning uh we've seen the plugs being made Let's going to actually see a hole being made out of one of those plugs and this here yeah so training so we have wiring loom shop training in there we have laminating we have woodwork so all the new uh recruits come in here and go through quite a training process it's also we take on we're very proud of our apprenticeship program and a lot of that in there as well so here we are the scaffolding you can see again we're going through quite a a phase we've got a lot of roofs we've got a million square fet of undercover manufacturing so we're covering it in um solar panels to try and compensate for for some of our electricity and do our bit for the environment here we are Nick we've got your own parking space feet that's fantastic look at that smells like it does doesn't it that is immense so this Nick is unit 55 this is an S80 hul um and that is an 85 H wow you get a real sense of the scale from here don't you look at the people in it and they look like ants almost it's incredible look at this so what we saw being made on the 5 AIS machine is the green bit and then what you can see in here is actually a hole that's been resin infused and now we put the stringers in or spray rails sorry and then the bulkheads will start to go in and then it'll be lifted from here and move over to where the other one is that's another S8 next to it and then the deck will go on and be joined okay so this what we're seeing down here this isn't actually boat that is mold exactly it's a bit like a c in Imagine an inverted ctin up C in then we paint the gel coat on that's the white that we see when the boat comes out we then put fiberglass onto it we then put what you can see the yellow that's actually the foam for and then we put more fiberglass on top of that and then we put a load of pipe work through we then put a plastic bag basically on top of it and seal it and then we pull all the air out and then we're ready to put the resin in fusion and suck the resin through this boat the at0 takes 1.6 tons of resin uh just into the hole itself and then you have the bulk heads then you have the spray rails you can see here and then the various other actions big yeah that is absolutely incredible look at that you don't get that sense of size somehow when you see them complete even though they are the same size but just seeing it completely open like that that's amazing it's quite fun when you watch them being lifted out the big beam grains over our head when they come in we lift the whole thing out and it you can imagine this making the noise as it releases from the bow quite incredible and so what comes out of here is what next to it exactly so you have a look right so this is another S80 S80 hole look inside this is nearly ready for the deck to go on so it's a couple of stages ahead of what we saw next door spray rails are in Cross members are in water tanks are being fitted bulk heads are starting to go in they're laminated inside a hole then we're going to put a tray so we saw that tray being made back at the machine that will go in and then we'll stick on the excellent so how many 80s have you got at any one time in the build process that's a very good question in here there's always three holes right uh and then when we go down to the build line You'll see there are seven boats in build at any one time in the build line and normally two to three in test so that's about 12 lot of Vats of one model of one model that's incredible this one's just been P see the the windows haven't been cut out yet ah yes of course so you see the windows in this one here Lally there still strap in there from where it's been pulled out of the mall that's incredible so these are all 80s all 80s that's just one model Bonkers so what really stands there um the 80 out from the rest of our range is it's a platform boat so a client has the choice of having an S80 and that's this deck here that's the S that's been gel coated now and it's just rated the fiberglass you can have a y80 and that's the the deck model for the y80 we can have an x80 that's the end okay so these are not bits of boat these are the molds that the boats come the decks right so you decks with three different models the hole Remains the Same but the back end uh changes as along with the with the de mold but the engineering wise the layout of the Interior downstairs it's all the same brilliant big old mall is it big old premises two boats in here about that's incredible 85 which is what we call a U2 T builder at the end and then the deck next to it two bays over there where the trays are made and then these are the 80s fantastic wow fuel tanks are made down there we're not allowed in there cuz they're doing welding tank to make and when I say we make everything yeah we make everything these are all the water tanks okay so whether it's fresh water black water or gray water um they're made in here so we cut them out of a polyurethene uh flatback it comes in big sheets we pre-cut that on seeing through machines and what the guys do it's lunch hence why there's no one in there at the moment but they weld them together it's a bit like when you at school and you have the glue guns y their glue guns are a bit more industrial okay wow yeah y looks like a prop from Star Wars it does b um and what this does this gives us the ability to utilize as much space we've got in the builders as possible the biggest tanks we can in in there so these are actually shaped specifically to fit into the V of the hull of the boat a specific model for this tank goes into so this this won't be the same for a 65 and a 72 they're individually made for what space is available fully baffled obviously so you don't get softing around pressure test it and also aest fill it full of water pressure test it and then fill it full of air pressure test it amazing metal this is where all the tank uh plates are cut um the Checker plate for the engine room again lunch time while it's a bit quiet it's quite nice y so here we are in the Waring LOM shop um this shop makes all the cable for the boats whether it's a US spec boat or whether it's a rest of the world spec we build just under 2,000 mil of cable in here every single year 2,000 miles 2,000 miles that's London to Istanbul wow or from Miami to Maine so it's a lot of cable the S80 has about 1.6 tons of cable in it um which is about 40 km in one boat a lot of C insane isn't it these are basically so depending on whether you've got three TVs 5 TVs whether you got stereo systems whatever happens runs along the you can see it's got measurements on it and it creates your wiring loom specific to each boat okay so every wiring Li is effectively custom made for the specification of that boat yeah exactly wow exactly and then behind this you can see anything that's got a pump or a distribution board is made in one of these benches here so the guys have the ability to work in a nice environment they're not on the shop floor working with other trades they have make a a distribution box we have a pump over there G wiring goes into the boat so when they plug these in or another one over there just to your right hand side the wir is already there and it's bit of a p process okay ah yeah I'm and all labeled so you know exactly what it is and then all our CA in are labeled every 3 ft cabling so these are the cable drums that will go down to the build line uh filled with the the different types of wire we have you get an idea of where the weight comes from at one point they feel that wow yeah it's quite that is impressive wasy bit of I can understand now why there's ni see you got gy lights on there it will tell you exactly which G light so if you ever need to do any work trace it back to exactly what it is so this is basically what the wiring loom is is exactly exactly measurements all the way down so depending where it branches off on the boat yeah and whether it's going from the engine room to the state room or engine room to the transom or from the helm maybe to the fly bridge comes up here and the length we need that is incredible so this is um our metal shop so we make everything on board the boat for the bar rails and that's really from a real estate point of view so we buy those in from a company a long relationship them everything else though from table pedestals to rings to I if you can see over there there's an up down mechanism for uh a drop TV um mechanism for our windows up down Windows quite a complicated table that's going to pull a path and go back together is all made in here um down to um this is the 2x so an X2 which is a v50 okay and that's just the different parts I don't actually know what that's going to be for but you can see multile kit so the guys in the line don't have to go scribbling around from them they put them all in front ready to fit back in plates so that's going to be one side of a piece of fiberglass and we're going to BM the table to that there's your lifting mechanism staircases ah so that be a fly bridge stair G for a S65 or an s72 a woman War piece of Kit half rail on the back of a vbo you see the little Flag Staff there holder y masks ah yes so these are for on top of the radar arches the Polish machines and well remarkable these are these are the trays that's a b tray there okay you can see that's where the toilet sits see the half R shape toilet sits in there all the other Furniture drops in and OB build you access where we got the train cut out and when we saw the milling machine we saw the mold for one of these didn't we exactly that yeah so this is what comes out of those molds this is quite interesting so we have one of these being laid up so that's the raw fiberglass going onto the mold so the gel coat has gone down right and now applying the the fiberglass so depend on the layup schedule stuck down in different directions different thickness of fiberglass and different weave patterns for different strengths so it really is going to a science resin infusion has turned it from a a lot of man hours and labor the almost side it's very clean and we have one over here that's just been infused been so you can see the blue is the bag right but simply uh sealed onto the the parts being infused yeah P work goes all around uh and then what we do once all the air is pumped up you pull the resin in from one side and out of the other and if this piece takes 600 kg of resin 600 kg the resin goes in rather than relying on man power to handle it lay it up and you're judging on the individual to how much they put on there this is more of a a science so this bag has to be basically completely airtight correct it's not there yet yeah and then it's that vacuum that draws the resin through exactly exactly wow immense so what we're looking at here Nick this is an 85 H right and the next stage is going to happen is they're going to put the bag on pip work is all in so you can see the pipe work running up the hole y anything that is uh green is a through hole fit in so you got shars P brackets Rudders fin stabilizers and B Thruster up the front right the red is solid fiberglass so there's no foam C okay and then yeah put the bag on top of that you take all the air out of the bag and then this will be infused the infusion process for an 8 to5 is probably only about 5 hours really entire hole will be infused in 5 hours wow cuz if you had to hand roll that in the old days that would have been so the process probably takes a similar amount of time because the layout takes its period of time the infusion is quick and then we leave it uh for a period of time while we put the bulk heads in spray rails of course of course yes Al we're getting the prep time it's obviously quite intensive interesting to see yeah fantastic how clean it is yes and they smell yeah oh we got here Nick is um all our small molds or one of our small facilities so we have um right in front of us is a f65 helm station okay um and a variety other things from fuel tanks uh to deck heads um all being made so those molds again we saw being made back in the other facility this is where actually turned into the finished article right again if you think about um a cake tin you can only take out what you put in so you can't be any Corners there there any Corners that's another mold join you join them all together like this one is that's probably about four or five different pieces okay and then it'll go next door and that's where we turn it shakee those all off and gel them up so how how many small moldes would you get typically in a in a boat 260 in the S80 is it wow 260 L say that is a lot okay so once they're made they come into this facility and this is where we make right you see you have what we call Green and this is what we need to trim off paint with gel coat buff up over laminate if necessary make into the finished piece and that's what everybody in here is doing wow it's lunch time so it's a bit quiet yeah good time to film it just goes on and on doesn't it I mean the it's a big facility yeah so you got a roof here so this is sliding roof imagine you got the glass sections going here yeah bins they're very simple you got to have somewhere to F your ropes or your fenders or your KN rocks down there so the buff is H needs buffing but we don't make these on mass we do walk around you see this is made for a slot and for an owner so you don't make 20 of these and wait to sell them every part you see whether it's Furniture whether it's stainless steel orever it's DRP is made for a SWOT number and an end owner amazing so once somebody makes an order and a deal and it's going through that's when everything starts to get built put together and then brought together correct correct more down there so there's another on this side next door you do get a real sense of the sheer scale when you see places like this very much and when you realize game we on lunch sh there's nobody in here at the moment yeah which is a curs and good it's quite nice it's quiet yeah you don't see the work there a seating arrangement he trying to work out what for I think that's a sun pad on the back of an S65 oh okay doesn't have a seats of course a lot of this stuff is upside down isn't it which makes it a bit harder to recognize so there's your H console okay steering wheel you can see what I mean when they join them yes yeah so that's going to have to be sanded off off or ground out then we over laminate with gel polish it all up yeah cuz you can't have a mold that kind of comes down and back under itself cuz you wouldn't physically get the thing out yeah exactly and then these are a bit more finished the idea is when it leaves this facility a bit like our furn we're going to see in a moment if it's got a sink it's fitted if it's got a fridge it's fitted if it needs insulation it's fitted if it needs painting it's done so when it goes to the boat it's spited on the boat and there's no more interaction which is why this one here is gray exactly that's painted exactly ready to go now we make the fly Bridges here as well go to the fly bridge be fitted done fantastic so next we'll go to an area that smells the best in the factory and that's the wood shop okay brilliant

  Top Comments:
  1. @Sargonnas-YT [2 likes]: This is very impressive indeed. And if the moulds for a 80 ft yacht look that big, imagine how huge those of a Lürssen or similar giant must look 😳
  2. @benitoherrero3895 [2 likes]: Always is lunch time, only a few operators working, it means that ther is not a lot of boats to make
  3. @rebeccahicks3554 [1 likes]: HMNB DEVONPORT HAS SOME FANTASTIC HISTORIC BULDINGS. A COUPLE OF TIMES WHEN ON THE BIG GREY ONES I LOVED THE SITE. NOW ALL I NEED IS TO WIN LOTTERY TO HAVE ONE OF THESE BEAUTIFUL SLEEK YACHTS. SO PROUD A UK FIRM IS MAKING THEM.
  4. @boatfan57 [1 likes]: I am absolutely blown away by this. Thank you to yourself and PRINCESS for the most informative and interesting tour, it's just so incredible.
  5. @barriestephenson8289 [1 likes]: Absolutely fascinating,  brilliant.
  6. @ZacharyOswald [1 likes]: Incredible video you are one of my favorite content creators
  7. @jamesjordan6005 [1 likes]: Wish I could afford one; but I'm married.
  8. @K2k2-t6s [1 likes]: Nice to see someone who enjoys their job
  9. @ninja12lawbreaker [1 likes]: They are a very industrious lot. I Guess they have several life long employees
  10. @xBris [1 likes]: Princess boats are quite expensive - never thought they're all just plastic boats‌. Thought they'd have at least some metal in them for the premium price tags they demand... Curious.
  11. @victoriahortus [1 likes]: Educational 😊
  12. @JJ-si4qh [1 likes]: Great vid
  13. @wolfwilkopter2231 [1 likes]: While i admire all the craftsmanship, scale and effort, i'm really not a fan of plastic boats.
Especially as i prefer Explorers, seaworthy and seakind full displacement boats are my alley and plasticboats just dont cut it.
Ofc the smaller class C or B offshore planers or semi displcers are a different story, just not for me.
Still very interesting to see all what goes into their boats, thx to Princess and you Nick for showing us.
  14. @oliverhb1688 [1 likes]: Incredible content.  I've never been on a yacht in my life, nor even have I done any sailing whatsoever...and yet I'm mesmerised by this stuff.
  15. @casperme6552 [1 likes]: Nice to see some Focals in the customer greeting room👍
  16. @stevepounder4275 [1 likes]: Great to see KPS keeping them afloat and helping them turn the business around, fingers crossed they start making a profit soon and don't end up disappearing.
  17. @Zephyr9810 [1 likes]: Wow what a big shipyard! Thank you for the tour!
  18. @whatsgoingonherethen [1 likes]: I love this, looking forward to second instalment. Nice one Nick.
  19. @michaeljohnson7282 [1 likes]: Fantastically informative Nic brilliant video. Bravo 👏
  20. @oneslackr [1 likes]: Thanks for taking us along Nick. I think the comments below pretty much have said it all so I'll just add, amazing. Now I need to watch parts 2 - 4.

- 🥇EXCLUSIVE: ALL-NEW Princess F58 Tour & Review: Kind: captions Language: en-GB Welcome to Boot Dusseldorf and the 2025 Princess F58. This is brand spanking new, and we are the first media on board. In this video, I'm going to show you all the new stuff. I'm going to explain why it's such an important boat for Princess and how it's going to have to be really good to improve on the outgoing F55, let's get on with it. I'm Jack Haines. Welcome to YachtBuyer. Let's start here with the transom, because this is where a lot of the fun new stuff happens on the F58 it's a hydraulic bathing platform, and this is where you'll store the tender so it sinks down into the water to launch the tender, and you can recover it by lifting the platform up. But this is all new. I mean, new for Princess. Lots of brands have been doing this for a while, but this is the first time they've integrated it into a boat of this style and size. It's a flat transom as standard but as an option, you can add this bench, which drops down from here, so you can sit and observe. And with the platforms in the water, your feet are in the sea and you've got a lovely view out over the back of the boat, watching people swim or have a play on this thing, the Seabob, which has this lovely cassette. It's on this runner, so you can slide it away, and there's a socket in there as well, so you can charge it in situ, which is very, very handy indeed. And then when you want to get on the move, it all just collapses away very neatly. Another option, as standard, this is just storage, but there are some sockets in there actually some more charging sockets. To upgrade, you can add a sink and a grill and make this a wet bar. Somewhere you can do some cooking. And they've even thought about some shade for you back here, because there are sockets down on the edge of the bathing platform here. Put poles in there, and you have a canopy that connects the overhang, so you've got a really nice bit of shade. They want you to be able to live down by the water side, like everybody does these days. The beach club is where it's at. But of course, above that, we have the cockpit, and there's symmetrical access at both sides. Those are nice wide stairways, actually. And then we're into the main cockpit, which is really well protected by this overhang. And what I like is it's not just fiberglass overhead. They've got some paneling here, some lighting. It feels like you're inside the boat, which, which is lovely. And you can obviously fully enclose this area as well, with some covers. Table is centered to this area, and there is space this side to have some directors chairs if you want to seat more people around here. But I like the fact that these back rests extend all the way around, so even if you're on an end, you've got somewhere to lean and dine in comfort. And of course, this folds up if you want to make it a bit smaller. We'll go inside in a moment, we're going to stay on deck. Take you up to the foredeck. As we head forward, we'll just point out the mooring gear, nice and chunky. You've got your winches, so you can tighten your lines really easily in the Mediterranean, built in fairleads down here arevery nice and boarding gates on both sides, so if you're side-to a high quayside, it's much easier to get on and off, rather than having to go down to the bathing platform. Symmetrical decks on this model, nice high guard rails. And I really like these styling lines. They've used these for a while, but they do look really nice. They just brighten up the outside a little bit. And then we've got railings here as well. So as well as this nice high railing, which comes up to just below my hip. I've got this to help myself forward. There's a little step halfway along. And then we're up to the foredeck. We are setting up before Dusseldorf, so there's some sound checking going on. Apologies if you're picking that up on the mic, but we want to get to this first. So those are the sacrifices we make. Right, the foredeck. This feels pretty familiar. You know, for a yacht of this size now, you've got the bench running underneath the windscreen, no table up here, just somewhere to come and relax and talk about relaxing - your sunpads are here as well. And these have got adjustable back rests, so you can lift these up, and you can sit facing forward a bit more comfortably if you want to. And in between, that as standard, this is a little storage void, but like this boat has, it can be a cooler as well. So that's quite nice that you can have some cold drinks up here without having to go all the way back to the galley. And this is totally flat, no steps in this area, so it's nice and easy to move around again, even here, or even though they're bowing out a bit, the railings are within easy reach when you're moving forward to use the anchor. Single anchor, of course, you've got your cleats and fairleads, and then split anchor lockers. So on this side, there's covers in there now, but that's where the chain will be. That's nice and deep for your chain storage. And then on the other side, they've sensibly separated it with a shallower locker where you have things like your hose connection for wash down. It's all drained out, and you've got your winches as well to use the windlass manually if you need to. Right, that's the deck then, let's let the flybridge. Right, let's check out the flybridge, shall we? And the focal point, of course, is this dining table on the starboard side. It's folded out at the moment, it will fold in. It's also on a pedestal, so you can adjust the height for dining or drop it down to coffee table level. And one nice change they've made is that the wet bar is now integrated into this aft end, not plonked behind the helm seats, so it fits in really nicely here. You've got a sink with a chopping board underneath the sink cover, some storage here, and then a nice deep draw fridge for your nice cold beers. And they've even integrated a little bin down here as well, which is quite useful. Now, as standard, you have a bimini, this hard top is an option that I think plenty of people will go for when they spec this boat. And as another option, you have a bimini that comes out of here to provide some shade for this area when you're dining, if you're sitting in this spot, you're going to be quite glad of that. And as part of the hard top, you also get a sunroof, a canvas sunroof, which is quite nice. This is a little optional extra. Storage is standard, or you can make it into another cooler, so plenty of space up here to keep food and drinks cool. On the starboard side a seating area. But they have a function we've seen on lots of Princesses, where the base slides out, and you can make this into another sunbathing space. Right, the helm station. What I like about this arrangement is that as the skipper, I'm sitting centrally, so I've got a really nice all round view, but the navigator is inside me with space to get out between the seats so they won't disturb me when we're going along if they want to leave their seat. And what I like about the helm, everything is nice and close to me, the wheels close, the throttles are close, the optional joystick is, as are the screens. You can see there's a few hairline scratches already on this dash material. You see there's quite a lot in these dark colors. But everything else looks really nice, clean, tidy. I like the sort of silver effect they've got on the upper dash. You've got storage on either side. But most importantly, the all round view is really good, and you feel really in touch with everything. They've kept it simple with the engine options, MAN1200 horsepower, top speed of about 35 knots, and I imagine, around 300 nautical miles at a cruising speed of 25 knots. Now, as I said, this joystick here, this is an option. You twist if you want to twist the boat, you push and pull, much like IPS, but it's using the shafts and the thrusters instead of pods. You've also got separate controls for the bow and stern thrusters, so it should be a pretty easy boat to maneuver at slow speeds. Right, let's head downstairs. Before we head inside, something I missed earlier, there is the option to have a third docking station down here in the cockpit, no joystick control, but you've got both throttles and bow and stern thrusters, and crucially, really, this is for if you're in the Med mooring stern-to. You've got a great view down over the bathing platform, and then when it's not in use, folds away neat as that. Right, let's head inside. Now, the big difference between this and the F55, which this will ultimately replace, is the dinette is here opposite the galley. On the F55 it was up there. You had seating down here. But it just makes sense, doesn't it, to have the table opposite where the food is going to be prepared. And also, because of this window, which pops up - that's manual, just pops up on this ram. You can connect really easily to the cockpit, as well line up your drinks and your snacks and things there. But yeah, it's very easy just to serve people who are sitting over here. And obviously this opens up to double in size. It's a nice galley arrangement. Drops down a little bit. This is slightly higher to give some headroom on the deck below, but you've got this nice return so you've got some counter here, deep bins underneath this section, so you've got really good access to your bin storage. There's one underneath this as well. Domestic size appliances. There's a freezer below, but obviously good size fridge too, and your induction cooking with extraction overhead and a reasonable sized dishwasher as well, just to help you keep on top of the washing up. So as I said, a little step up here, and then graduated steps forward. And because the dining space is back there, this is all lounging space, and it works really nicely. Lovely big wrap of seating, plenty of space for a boat full of guests to sit down inside and watch the TV, which pops up from this counter back here. Underneath is where you find your ice maker, so you can get your ice nice and easily. Not that near the galley, but sort of works as a bar space, doesn't it? Because you've got, you know, cooling space there, and bottle storage too. So this does turn into a a little bit of a bar for you. And then forward of that, you're gonna need some glasses, aren't you? If you're knocking up a cocktail, you've got really nice fiddled glass storage here. All the drawers are on soft close runners, which just makes it feel posh, doesn't it? Very nice. And, yeah, this is a lovely lounging area and loads of light, because the glass on either side is huge. Right, lower helm. Now, when I moved into this, I thought this is going to be an issue. I'm six foot tall, and I thought that's going to get in my way. But actually the standing position is pretty good, and we're a nice long way forward. So you've got a great view out over the bow. And like upstairs, everything really falls to hand. The throttles are right under my hand here, the joystick just behind it, trim tab controls as well. So all your major driving controls are really easy to reach. And again, the screens are nice and close as well. Everything 's arranged close you. I don't feel like I've got a stretch out for anything here. And of course, the seat isn't just for leaning on. It's a nice, comfortable seated position too. This slides forward and aft so you can get yourself nice and close to the helm. But yeah, this is really comfortable. And here the navigators outside, so again, they can come and go without getting in the skipper's way. Now, no side door on this boat, which is a bit of a shame. However, I have got an electric window as the skipper, great for ventilation. But also means if I am mooring from down here, which is unlikely, because you've got that aft docking station plus a flybridge, but if I am, I can talk to the crew, stick my head out the window, have a chat with them, and that's all really easy, and then pops up again, and it's one touch as well, so you don't have to hold that down for ages as it drops down, not quite a side door, but not bad. And then if we come out the helm station, we've got this central companion way, which leads down to the lower deck where we find the accommodation. But before we look at that again, this isn't that new for the industry, having digital switching, but Princess have got some on this boat, and that's nice because you've got a screen here with all the boat systems, AC power, DC power. You can check your fuel levels, you can check your water levels. You've even got control of lighting here. I mean, lighting across boats can be very complicated because there's so many switches, so having it all grouped here it's quite handy. And there's an app on your phone you can get so you control all that remotely. But all of that in one place works very nicely. Right, accommodation, it's a three cabin arrangement. We've got a twin over on that side. The owner's cabin's amidships on that boat, we're gonna go there last. The VIP forward. We've got this nice lobby area which is drawing down some light from the windscreen above. Let's start, I think, in the twin here on the starboard side. And in this guise, I can drop down between the beds really comfortably. So I've got really excellent headroom down here and above my head. This is all really easy access to, well, the helm in this case, but it's nice that you are not having to take down ceiling panels and have loose panels flapping around. It 's hinged. You can get to the back of the helm and all the electronics really easily, and then it just closes away. That 's nice. Storage up here. Nice big wardrobe as well. So guests in this cabin, can store clothes pretty easily. Not much space for luggage, but you can probably squirrel that away elsewhere. They've got a TV on the bulkhead too, and a nice Princess trick, I need to move this ornament to make this work. We push a button. This is a cost option, but push a button and this bed joins this bed, and in what 20 seconds, you've got a double just like that adds a bit of flexibility to this space. You got a couple in here. They can have a double bed and a couple of kids who might squabble in the night. You can make them into a pair of twins, and you still get your bedside table, which is a touch I always like to see. Right, VIP cabin, right forward here, shut this door, so I've got a bit more space. So yeah, this is the primary guest cabin right forward in the bow. You've got no skylight as such. There's an escape hatch, but there's no skylight. However, the hull windows are decent in here, so even inside Dusseldorf Boat Show light coming in isn't too bad. Storage at eye level as well. You've got a big hanging locker on the starboard side, be full of bedding at the moment, and there's more storage underneath the bed as well. So these guests get away with a bit more storage than the guys showing that double/twin. Their TV is mounted up here, and this is ensuite to the day head. So this door leads back out to the lobby, because these guests can lock it so they can make it private at night if they want to. And it's a nice space, you know. Again, headroom is perfectly good. Big separate shower cubicle with a nice, big hull window. And then you can come out into the lobby, and we're back down towards the owner 's cabin, where, before we get in there, as an option, we have laundry here. You've got a stacked washer and dryer, and then you've even got a little laundry cupboard where you can keep your washing powder, that sort of stuff. But that's actually quite a useful size locker, and it goes back a long way as well. So that's rather handy. Right, let's go to the main event on this deck, shall we, which of course, is the owner 's cabin. Now, the big change here, over the F55, on that boat,you'd walk through and your bathroom would be there on the starboard side. They've done a big boat thing here, where your walk in wardrobe and your bathroom are behind the bed. So on this side, really good, clothes storage space. 60 footer, single wardrobe there. And then a lovely, big double here, which auto illuminates as you open it. Loads of storage on this side as well. You can see this array of drawers. There's a bureau here. This one 's got a mirror in it so you can sit on the edge of the bed and apply makeup. Lovely big island berth as well. Very easy to walk around that. And on this side you've got a sofa. You could have more storage there if you wanted, but I think there's plenty over there, it's nice to have somewhere to sit down in the cabin that isn't the bed. You can sit and relax, taking the views from these hull windows. Yeah, lovely. But of course, the bathroom is now behind the bed. It doesn't go full beam because we've got a wardrobe over there, but that is still a good sized shower cubicle or no rain shower head or anything like that. But that's a proper shower compartment, isn't it? The toilet's behind the door, obviously the sink here, and then storage underneath. And what's clever about where they've put this is it's another level of insulation to the engine room, which is through that bulkhead. But before we go there, let's go and have a look at the crew cabin. It's not huge. However, they have got this underneath the seating, this big spot where the headroom shoots up, probably more comfortable to film for me to stand here in the bathroom. You know, it's pretty compromised, but then it's always going to be on a boat of these dimensions. If you're looking for a crew space on 60 footer, Absolute are probably getting the most space for your crew. And this is an option. You don't have to have any of this. You can just have it as a big lined out storage space. Or, quite a good option I think, is you can leave the bathroom. So this is storage, but you have the bathroom so guests can use this in the day. That's especially good if they've been swimming and you don't want them to go through the boat in wet clothes. If you do have it as crew, you've got a couple of bunks, wardrobe here, obviously separate bathrooms not a bad size, yeah, for this style of boat, it's not too bad at all. Okay, let's head through there and have a look at the engines. Engine room access then again, another really good size hatch. This time it's in the cockpit deck, and we've got a ladder straight down into what is a rather large space. Again, I'm impressed by the headroom in here. It's not full standing, but it's not bad. And these are big motors, as I said, up on the flybridge, they've kept it simple. MAN 1000 or 1200 horsepower. I think everybody's going to go for the bigger engines. Why wouldn't you? Everyone 's gonna look for that on the second hand market I think. So yeh, MAN 1200 will give really good performance. And it's a nice space. You know, you've got your fuel filters mounted up over on that side, so you can get to those really easily. It's a bit of a squeeze outboard of these V8s. But, you know, it's really pretty good. And loads and loads of insulation. I imagine this is gonna be pretty quiet out in the water, which we'll find out. We're gonna sea trial this thing, so keep an eye out for that and subscribe now, if you haven't done so already. The other thing I like about this engine room is they sort of tucked your components down this side. Obviously, this is all crew cabin this space here. But then down here, we've got really good access to both the Seakeeper. This is the bigger Seakeeper. There's a smaller one as an option. This is obviously the the 18. And then your generator is over here on this side. Right back there you've got steering hydraulic pack, but it's all really easy to get to. Of course, there's stuff stored on the floor down here and if this was cleared out, you could walk down there really easily. But it's nice that you've got this storage space down here too. It's really well arranged. And I like how easy it is to get to all this stuff. They've not stacked, say, generator on top of Seakeeper - that can end in misery if you need to service one or the other. So, yeah, good arrangement down here. Princess has delivered 180 F55s, it's one of their most popular recent models. So it's very much evolution rather than revolution. In upgrading to the F58 they were never going to go too radical. That is not the Princess way, but there are loads of little changes all over the place from the way it looks outside, the arrangement of the main deck and the lower deck that just moves the game on a little bit for them in this sector. Of course, we can't give full judgment until we've sea trialed it. As I said, we are going to do that. So look out for that coming along later on in the year, and let me know in the comments below what you think of the new Princess F58. Thanks very much for watching that first look tour of the Princess F58, if you want to watch a tour of the F55 for which this boat is replacing, we've sea trialed that. I'll put that for you up here. Thanks again for watching. I'm Jack Haines. This is Yacht

  Top Comments:
  1. @Yachtbuyer [3 likes]: Read our in-depth REVIEW with rivals, deck plans, data and PRICING: https://www.yachtbuyer.com/en/reviews/princess-f58-2025
  2. @davebuckman8841 [2 likes]: Great boat super video.   The hard top really ruins the lines of this one a biminy would be better for me
  3. @savvidisefthimios1897 [1 likes]: Gold
  4. @jjjohny_a5965 [1 likes]: a prefect yacht for the captain who dosent want to travel with a crew..great size for travel to fishing the size also gives you cheaper fuel to slips and the inside right up there in quaity with much bigger yatchs..great job
  5. @blucabrio: No fold-down wings so… Also can’t help thinking that the Galeon 64 fly (launched 4 years earlier) is just 6 feet longer yet seems to offer so much more: wings, 4 rooms, 3 heads. Princess yachts are not cheap so it would be interesting to know the price comparison for similar specs
  6. @blucabrio: Why do manufacturers still build cockpit seating facing inwards rather than out to sea? Even if they can’t/don’t face out, at least have 2 sofas facing each other sideways
  7. @rpdx3: Can i get it without the fly bridge??  😊
  8. @darrenwebb1166: Great tour Jack ! You always do a nice indepth review!
  9. @VladAkhrameiko: Мне даже нравится идиально 
На Атлантик похожа
  10. @ashleyhodgman5246: Second time of watching but I've noticed a few extra things. I really love this boat. Many thanksxagain Jack
  11. @rokitheman: Which boat do you think is the best among the following:
1. Fairline Squadron 58
2. Pearl 63
3. Absolute 60 Fly
4. Princess F58
Most suitable for socializing on the Adriatic Sea?
  12. @ianhereinaz1: How does the flybridge keep dry when it rains?
  13. @ashleyhodgman5246: Great video Jack. Love the boat
  14. @KLB-nx7kp: Whats the best boar for 200k
  15. @duanebock840: I love this boat
  16. @duanebock840: Nice family boat
  17. @eddu4361: Great boat! They never look revolutionary but like it very much. Great presentation also.
  18. @OfficialJGorman: Lovely boat, but I would be expecting NO SCRATCHES anywhere for so such an expensive purchase!
  19. @duanebock840: Nice boat
  20. @FvdL: This boat is perfect for this size. For a testdrive I would be come back to England. 😁

- Touring the MOTHER OF ALL PRINCESS YACHTS | €15,000,000 40M Princess SuperYacht Tour: Kind: captions Language: en The yacht in front of us is a 40 meter, you heard me correct, 40 meter Princess super yacht, which was built in 2015. Now, this model is the largest that Princess has ever produced. It sleeps 10 guests in five different cabins, and it can house up to seven crew. Now, currently in the Princess lineup, they go from 40 ft up to about 95 ft. But in 2015, they were building these beautiful Tri-Deck super yachts. Has a beautiful presence in the water, and I think you're all going to really enjoy it. It's 40 m in length or officially it's 40.2 m in length or just shy of 132 feet. It has a beam of 8.02 m and a draft of 2.57 m. I've been trying to get on one of these for a long time now. So, I was very excited when I saw that this was a listing at the Can Yaching Festival. It's listed for sale with Dutman Yachts. So, thank you to them for granting me access on board. And without further ado, let's get started with this Princess Super Yacht tour. So, if you come around here, you'll see the swim platform. >> And then inside, we have a massive garage/ beach club area. And this transom wall will fold over completely flush into the water. And then we have multiple jet skis, a tender inside the garage, and I'll show you the inside of the garage later on when we're looking at the engine room. We have the staircase on either side of the swim platform. And we'll make our way on board via the Pasarel. We're going to bypass the aft deck for now, but we'll come back to it. >> We're going to make our way directly into the main salon. Inside we have such high quality materials, beautiful furniture. You have a perfect mix of classic princess, but also this interior in all the furniture was done in collaboration with Fendi Casa. So if you notice the Fendi logo anywhere, that's why that's there. You have a mix of beautiful hardwoods with a contemporary light finishes. And then on either side of this main salon, we have it on display. On this side, you have the side doors that open up all the way across. And we have balconies that fold out. And because, like I said, we're at the end of the show, we actually can have this one on display. Normally at a boat show, we couldn't do that, but you do have it on the other side as well. And as you can see on the side deck, you can see the teak lining. and also the sound system. We can see the speakers in the ceiling >> and also the TV is tucked away right here. And really quick before we move on, if you're new to the channel, please hit that subscribe button and the notification bell. That ensures that you never miss a future superyacht tour. And we have a lot of fantastic superyacht tours coming up, guys. Take a look at this table. Absolutely stunning. And there's also beautiful marble and stones. I've noticed all throughout this yacht as well. They really mixed the woodwork with the stone really well with the design. I've wanted to get on a Princess Superach for a long time. Like I said, I know they have 95 ft, but I mean a true Tri deck super yacht. Maybe one day they'll start making these again. Over on the port side, here's another example of some beautiful stone. There's a sign access door. And then this is the prep space for the stews. And you're going to notice whether it's an on suite, the galley, all these spaces, they're absolutely massive. You have so much real estate on board. You have a dumb waiter to send food up. And then you also there's this panel right here. And this can be lowered this bulkhead right to the galley. So then when the food is prepared and ready, they'll set it right here. The stews can take it and then you can serve right out into the dining room. >> And speaking of the galley, let's continue forward. We have a huge wine fridge as well. Guys, just take a look at the size of this galley. First, we have the double MA refrigerators and freezers. Then, this galley is finished so nicely. Huge windows as well. And it looks like we have MA professional appliances all throughout. And then here is that bulkhead I was talking about. Once the food is prepared, they can plate them right here and just send them right out. And on board this yacht, you can house up to seven crew members. So, the crew cabins are located down here. This door brings us back to the hallway. And then there's also a staircase for the crew members to get upstairs as well. in the crew. They're actually having a meal at the moment. They're very busy keeping this yacht in tip-top shape at the Canyon Festival. So, we're not going to go into their mess at the moment. You can see a side access door into the main foyer. And you have the stairs leading up to the bridge deck and down to the guest cabins. We also have I love this the details. We have the leather inserts into the wood doors and even the closet. Look at the quality of the woodwork that's lined in the closet. Very high-end stuff, even in places you wouldn't expect it. And then here we have the day head. And now we have a pocket door granting us access into the owner suite. They have an office space. And then past the second pocket door. This is where we enter the full beam owner suite or at least the bedroom portion. King bed in the middle of the room. Storage on this side. Some seating areas over here. And then in front of us we have his and her closets. So, we'll open up one of them. The design of this shot is so traditional and classy, still with those modern touches you like. And then the TV comes up right here. Yeah, I think it's so far at least, it's been the perfect blend between traditional luxury with modern conveniences. And another space that's absolutely massive for a yacht of its size. We have the jetted tub, heated towel rack, your double vanity, and then the toilet and bedet located right over here. And another example of some beautiful marble. Take a look at the shower. And it matches the stone on the wall as down the staircase. We'll have four additional guest cabins. >> We have an extremely large landing right And we have two VIPs in this first VIP cabin. It's almost as nice as many owner suites on similarly sized yachts. So, I'm very impressed with this one. It's also the full beam of the yacht. You have your desk and your closet. It even has a seating area in addition to the ensuite. And you would just never expect all this space turning around. Very large shower. Another very exquisite looking stone. And I like how stone is different in all the rooms, too. Sometimes stone matching makes sense, but I do like a little bit of variety. And I think this is a walk-in closet as I don't want to spend too much time in the closets. The owners are actually on board. So, a lot of their personal belongings are on the yacht. The second VIP cabin is forward. Their closet is here. And another ridiculously sized on suite. And technically this is the second guest cabin. It's crazy that this is this big with the fullsize tub. I must say Princess did an excellent job with this design. And I saw this during my initial walkthrough. You also have the very thick doors. It's a really good sign. So I like to point that out when I see it. And then these two cabins are mirrored. But I mean, this is ridiculous. Cabin four and five. Huge spaces. I don't think you're going to have any complaints from any of your guests on board for this one. And more variety with the stone. I love to see it. All right, we finally made it. The last cabin. Certainly not the least. All right, we've now seen all the guest cabins. I did want to quickly look and see what's under here. Looks like just some storage. And we still have a lot more to see on this princess yacht. We're now going to head upstairs. And the owner spends a lot of time with his two boys on this yacht. So, back in the sky lounge, they call this the man cave. Once again, you'll see the Fendi logo here and there. Large L-shaped sofa with the massive TV on the wall. Then over on this side, it looks like we actually have a racing simulator. That's very cool. If you didn't know, I'm a big fan of F1. And before we head forward on this level, out here we have an alfresco dining area. Large enough so every single guest can dine on board. We also have the row of ben seating back And then all of your storage and everything you need to cater for this area is located here. We have a grill and then your refrigerator is right under here. Now, before we head up to the sund deck, let's go check out the bridge. And also to get the food up here, we saw that there was the dumb waiter earlier. So, we have another large prep space for the stews. And you can see the dumb waiter is located right here. We have an office space as well. Here's that staircase we saw earlier that leads you down to the galley. And then through this door here is the bridge. And the captain's chairs, they match the bench right behind it. Then you also have the captain's cabin located just after the bridge. So he or she has an office space here. And this is a really great size. Three large windows. and their on suite. So, I know I'm sorry we couldn't get down to the crew area below, but you can see captain's cabin finished extremely nicely up here. And we also have side access doors on each side of the bridge. All right, I think it's time we head up to the sund deck. It's gotten a little bit windy, but I think it'll be manageable. Right away, we have this beautiful seating area. Then we have some freestanding furniture back here and a little spot to work out and I'll try to keep my back pointed towards the wind. But let's continue forward. You'll see this beautiful bar section. I love the details that we have right here. And of course, if you wanted to, you could put some bar stools here. And then we have a little DJ deck, but you also have a catering area for the sund deck and a barbecue over here. And then this door, we're not going to open it up, but I'll actually show it to you from the inside. There's another staircase just above the one that we came up to this level on, or we came up to the bridge deck, I should say. And that staircase will also bring you up to the sund deck. So, there's two different ways to get up here. And we still have plenty to see. But if you're enjoying this Princess Trid super yacht as much as I am, please go ahead and leave a like on the video and also comment down below and let me know which element or part of the yacht is your favorite so far. If we go back through the sky lounge, this is that staircase I was talking about that will bring you up to the sund deck. And also, I don't think I showed it earlier, this level does have a day head. And I think let's see if the aft deck has cleared out. I think when we started the tour, I believe it was the owner that was sitting on the aft deck. So, naturally, I wanted to respect their privacy. Here you can see the teak lining for the balcony on this side. And the owner is still on the out deck. I'm not sure if they're about to eat or not. So hopefully we can get a shot of that. And then we have another seating area. We have the two benches that are facing each other. You have large storage containers right here. And then you also this section also you can have a bunch of additional toys stored underneath. And it's very bright on the GRP. So, let me adjust the camera for a moment. And then you don't currently have one on here, but you can also put a large sun pad right here. And you can see little built-in cup holders. Then continuing all the way to the front of the yacht, you have the bell, your winches for the anchors, the massive ballards. There is also a Bosen's closet right in the middle. Just so you can take it all in, here's another photo or two of the yacht's profile. And I must say, Princess knows how to build a beautiful yacht. And if you saw it earlier, don't worry, I didn't forget. You also have wing stations on either side. We saw one coming up, and there's one right here. So, captain can use this when they're docking the vessel. And because the aft deck is currently in use, let's go down to the engine room now. And as I said before, we'll also see the inside of the garage. And you'll see all the toys that are stored on board. Here's one more shot of this main salon. We come through this door right here. And just like every other area on this yacht, it's very easy to get around. All the spaces are very large. And we'll go into the garage first. We have a door right here. The lights have a little bit of a yellow tinge to them, so that's why the color has changed. But you'll see two different jet skis on top of each other. Then if we come down here, you'll see your tender and you'll see the platform that I talked about that extends out. That's teaklined. And then also the floor in here is telined. And because this is all telined, once all the toys are out in the water, this transforms into a lovely beach club area. We could set out some furniture. And then you also have a dive station on So, as you can see, this yacht is making great use of all the storage space. Lots of different toys to enjoy. And then the engines are going to be located through this door. And this door is extremely heavy. You can see a little engineering space, some monitoring systems. And then through this door here is where we find the actual engines. You can see your generators as well. These engines are absolutely massive. They're MTU engines. Princess is known to always put some high performance engines on their yachts, and this one is no exception. We have a pair of MTU 12V 4000 M93L engines rated at 3,000 horsepower. Your top speed for a 40 m yacht is pretty good at 23 knots. You can cruise at 18. And a range estimate, you're looking at around 2100 nautical miles of range. And don't mind us. There we go. Lights kicked back on. And the generator kicked on. So, no problem. But it is about to get loud. So, let's get out of here. Excuse. >> How are you? >> Good. How are you? >> H sorry for the light testing. >> Oh, no. That's okay. >> We're inside with the last testing. >> I I was Yeah, but it's okay. >> Ah, it's okay. >> Thank you. All right, and we're going to wrap up the tour in the owner suite. And before we do, let me throw a photograph of the aft deck on the screen. It's another really well equipped space with your tables, your bench seating, and you also have the bar area with the refrigerator and some storage as well. Very well equipped. just like anywhere else on a Princess yacht. Thank you, of course, to Dreman Yachts for granting me access on board. This is an incredible listing, and I'm so excited that we were able to tour the largest Princess Yacht ever built. I'll link the listing down in the description if you want to see more. Please like the video if you enjoyed it. Comment down below, let me know what you think. Thank you again for watching, and we will catch you next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @drydessert4198 [15 likes]: The proximity of the DJ setup to the grill is really practical. Once David Guetta has put in his USB stick and pressed play, he can flip the burgers.
  2. @glenncertain8473 [3 likes]: That truly is a beautifully laid out yacht! Bravo!
  3. @LMays-cu2hp [1 likes]: Thank you for your beautiful touring of this gorgeous yacht. The owners suite was so nice along with the ensuite. Yes, the marble finishing in the shower was so nice!
  4. @gms9779 [1 likes]: What? No jacuzzi..That's a deal breaker..It's not a yacht without a jacuzzi..Knock off 5 mill and I'll take it..
  5. @felicytatomaszewska [1 likes]: This is the first princess I found impressive and price tag justified for its size and quality.
  6. @julesforsyth2996 [1 likes]: Back in the days when I was always looking at Princess there was M30, M35 and the M40 and always loved this M40. Its as modern as any new ship of its kind. Mind you, its only 10 years old. Love the gloss wood, would immediately put a hot tub on this. This is comparable to the Sunseeker 131, another gorgeous boat.
  7. @deanne609: I like the first VIP cabin better than the owners because that couch is much more cozy than sitting in a chair in the owners suite. Very nice yacht!
  8. @hillaryc.3727: Fantastic boat for what it is.  I’m a trawler buyer, but I love the tri-deck design of this big Princess and its ample staterooms.  Well done on the overall design!
  9. @Glenn-n3v: WOW, that's one stunning yacht, have racing Sim onboard is cool.
  10. @JyttesTrailCamera: Probably one of the roomiest galleys I've ever seen on a 40m yacht.
  11. @goldenaye3: love this yacht
  12. @certified-translator: Very British, very Princess big,big boat! Lovely!
  13. @TreeOfLife-u8: Sir, you got plenty of friends who have small fast boats. Some people need them to meet migrants mid-sea. Pls coordinate to those who needs helping sir
  14. @jrvegaboston: I am so so impressed with this yacht. It’s so beautiful.
  15. @nadeem_unbelievable: This reminds me of a new video that breaks down yacht life like it’s GTA online. Look up: Why It Sucks to Throw Parties on a $600M Yacht...??
  16. @davideckberg-p7l: Nice runabout for your average billionaire!
  17. @TheDrLivingstone: first in its class ? the layout is really great !
  18. @homerhorisgumboot5503: 2015 model, that means she is up for her 10 year haul out? I would guess you would have to pay an extra million for that with all the inspections and subsequent repairs?
  19. @ronaldvandorland5784: Its a half tour. 👎
  20. @colinbrown4482: fantastic piece of equipment, as expected from Princess
quick question, if my research is correct, i do believe that this was priced in 2015 at around todays actual asking price, making this overpriced to say the least 
i do stand to be corrected on that though

- Inside Princess: The Craftsmanship of Princess Yachts: Kind: captions Language: en it is unique in the way that we assemble we finish the amount of product we actually build you look at any princess 80% approximately of what you see we make here in Plymouth crafted locally around the Plymouth area princess has been around since 1965 it's a great story a couple of guys building one boat and here we are today um over 2,000 people building towards 300 boats a year we've got seven sites dotted around Plymouth some very close alongside the water obviously so we can launch test a trial others slightly further in land I suppose geographically we're a long way away from any other Manufacturing in the UK so we've had to be reliant on building our our own components and that has developed over the years but not only geographically I mean the basis of making our own components gives us ultimate control so we've got control of quality and we've got control of time and we can be very bespoke to a customer the West country through the years has a Heritage of B building it's been a really strong industry in this part of the world and that has obviously benefited us with skilled Craftsman falling into the business you can feel the style the luxurious finish that comes out of of the quality and care that's used to assemble boats if you've bought a Super Y you want to see the same effort in attention to detail underneath a trap underneath a carpet behind a wardrobe door with Princess it's what's underneath counts as much is what it does obviously it's a fantastic brand it's a fantastic product it's a nice product to work with you work with very expensive materials and some very very skilled Tradesmen and with that everybody wants to do obviously the very best they can the thing with Princess is because you're dealing with quality side of it all the time it gets ingrained into you that everything has to look pristine it has to be absolutely perfect for the customer so we have to be conscious about it from as soon as the material comes in if there's any imperfections it it's rejected straight away so it goes through quite a lengthy process before it's actually past and ready to fit onto the boat being a welder you can make something really really strong structurally strong but it might not look that pretty the thing is the product we do is seen by the customer so it does have to look really good and after you've been there a while you just do it without even thinking we've got a lot of Technology I've been in the business for 26 years so I've seen it from the days where we used to hand cut our own wood to CNC machines five axis machines in the last few years it's 3D printing 3D modeling resin infusion whilst that's all high technology we still totally rely on our Artisan skills with traditional Tradesmen and ship rights carpenters and composite people that are able to still make things by hand cuz the machines complement what we do with our own skills within boat building and you couldn't really build boats like we do at princess with just one of those disciplines by themselves um event join us so primarily we make all the timber elements within the craft itself I tend to make a lot of the feature pieces of furniture free standing elements like dining tables coffee tables frot stools that kind of thing but we go with the demand as to what's next on the build list so you could find yourself making in a double bunk or a galley unit there are over 3,500 different jobs on the kit Parts build list and at any given time you could be asked to build any one of those that flexibility amongst all the employees under the kit BS roof is probably its biggest asset I think biggest scill customers very often cannot believe the process they don't expect to see a boat being built in a a very organized and and quite mechanized program really if you look at our lines up to 70 ft boats are are built on a rolling line okay they don't move like a car every four or 5 minutes they maybe move every 10 15 days but it is a very structured very organized process which involves the Assembly of components in a variety of different sites that we have and then a final assembly of the boat online they don't expect to see the level of care and hand workk that goes into it you know the details of cutting a component that may be only you know this sort of size but the importance of that component being built just for the boat going into the the final build process if you look at our furniture build you'll see a lot of beautiful shapes all the way through that's very much a feature of Princess design you can look at some Brands which are very straight very angular um you can build very straight and very angular but you're probably not very technically advanced in the process so you have to build straight and angular whereas we want to put shape we want to put design we want to give it a really contemporary feel but to do that there needs to be a a large investment in tooling to allow us to do it and that's what we've done over the years if you look at a new build a new design a new model begin to launch we'll have tooled it so we will have built all our own plug work and the company has two five access cutting machines so we've cut our own Hall plugs we've cut our own deck plugs so the initial stage of producing the basics is all done inh house we've produced all the development work for wiring limbs all the cad drawings all the work instruction for every single part of the process in its assembly we've produced all the quality documents to trace the build all the way through we make all the cables and wiring that goes into a boat we configure that wiring with have development who basically give us the first draft and then each build form that comes through we then have to take the spec of the boat and configure all the wiring that's required to Able fit out to wire out the boat the whole ethos is to try and make sure that anybody can look at anywh in a boat and know exactly where it's starting where it's finishing and what it's powering so that way you can maintain the consistent quality and the build strategy that we do if you look at our products from day one to the day it's launched every part of that build process is accountable and traceable if you were to come back to us in 20 years time and say I have this boat which is 20 years old the likelihood is we can find all that detail still we have it on archive so we put a huge amount of effort and detail into not only producing a fantastic boat but making sure that we can support that boat into the future with maybe its second or its third owners through our distributor Network it's a unique company a fantastic a high quality contemporary British brand that has a real depth of character we have built bu in our 50 years over 16,000 boats height of style height of luxury distributed through all parts of the world we've been in continuous production now for over 50 years producing a beautiful boat which will remain a beautiful boat for future years and for future owners that's pretty unique [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @roberthall-palmer9134 [4 likes]: Much easier to sell the idea of a boat called princess to the wife than any other boat. I think I will be getting one in the 40ft range at some point, just a matter of age and money. Figures crossed it goes well for me in the next decade.
  2. @MartinNY78 [3 likes]: Amazing, wish I had money to buy one.
  3. @keith-777 [2 likes]: Class leading boats. I have my eye on the stunning Y85 and keep checking the Lottery results. I've even bough a ticket.
  4. @RusstafaB [1 likes]: Fantastic craftsmanship and stunning yachts
  5. @lolglondar1345 [1 likes]: thank you  so much people from princess company for that amazing love and  dedicated work to every product you make, blessings for every single man and woman who work in your company,  I wish you many new sales. I'll  be glad and grateful if your craft my first yatch.  I love your company.  thank you people for your work.
  6. @6r4metroman [1 likes]: Excellent video & edit. If I was in the market, Princess would be the first point of call...
  7. @alexmalinovskyi7037 [1 likes]: Nice
  8. @hildablanco1591: The new models have to much glass on the Hull very dangerous and the more port holes the more leaks nothing like the 2010 model's
  9. @Marie579: I came here because firstly I went to the Pearl website to see their "oyster facility" and how the yachts were produced, curiously the oyster just happens to  be in China, filled with lots of very obedient cheap labour in blue uniforms always smiling always very obedient, and honestly the dream of owning a luxury yacht built on cheap labour disgusts me.  Thank God and I do mean Thank God! that there is still some businesses that truly value locally sourced labour and talent into what appears to be a beautiful product. It's truly a sad world that facilitates a cheap labour buisness model where no regard is given to those who actually produce a product gifted with skills that deserve a decent pay!
  10. @mauricioolarte6415: https://www.facebook.com/1248854113/posts/10222337589689136/?extid=Anjqc2zsV0pkSI8a&d=n
  11. @peterdodge6563: Wonderful,inspiring - love all your boats!
  12. @shaundunk386: "Straight and angular" a little dig at Sunseeker who have become the IKEA of yacht builders with their 1980's Volvo design team.
  13. @MrTomGibbons: Does anybody know what the first song on this video is please?
  14. @lolglondar1345: i think you are going to sell the next generation of luxury submarines for civil people. why not to refurbish an old submarine with you own style inside?
  15. @pavlestanimirovic: this is the yacht my father owned and Alex Grbac In Rijeka had a partnership with Princess and it was high quality mahogany and teak vigil , doplar, two Twin Prop Volo Penta engines . Remember it was confiscated when the War started in Yugoslavia the boat was docked in Hotel Admiral in Opatija and Bevenda had his Yacht docked  next to ours a good friend . 
What memories and such a fine vessels. I would look at another one soon . Quality was exceptional  that I appreciated I lived on her for almost 7 months of a lot  fun.
  16. @lxs3975: amazing presentation, quality in details!
  17. @dr.mezheral-gharabally2254: What is after M40.
  18. @keswickcaravan: True to say here in UK Princess are considered to be an excellent builder. Comparable to Mercedez and BMW in the car world.
  19. @Ranger_Raptor_Twin-Turbo_3.0L: I'll take 1 Princess 49 with all the Options
  20. @valtterilaine1660: How much

- Joe Hill introduces this flagship of the Princess range - X95 'Torsa': Kind: captions Language: en e [Music] welcome to IIA in Sardinia where this morning we have the great pleasure of being on board this stunning princess x95 come aboard and let's have a look around so this princess x95 torsa was delivered in July 2023 to its British owner in mayorca now he was very very involved D in the design of the boat very involved in all of the Interior fit outs in all of the technical elements of the boat and furthermore the captain on the boat had spent six years working with the shipyard so you can imagine that the culmination of that team has brought about a yacht that is really quite extraordinary this princess x95 as you can see is the four cabon configuration the expanse in this area on the main deck is really quite incredible it runs from 65 ft from the stern doors the cockpit doors going the whole way up to the window at the bow it is unbelievable the amount of light and glass that is utilized in the boat and that runs through to all of the spaces down below as well because on this particular boat it's the first x95 to have the fulllength hull windows so it's again it's opening up all of the light bringing in all of the outside and also adding to a lovely Sleek aesthetic uh to the exterior just elongating the the look and the style of the hle but back to in here we've got a fantastic seating arrangement here it's super social um we've added some depth into the into the sofas just to make everything a little bit more comfortable and luxurious the owners have gone to as much detail as having custommade rugs fitted into the uh into the Walnut flooring the the detail is fantastic it is going to be run this boat of course with up to eight guests and the owners have decided on that basis that they'd like to keep this area pretty social and they're dining outside so we've got a quite a small table here which is lovely for coffees and looking at the views from the interior and then over this side of course we've got all of the usual fixtures and fittings including wine fridges Refrigeration for drinks uh you've got an entrance to the lower accommodation and we've got a glorious day heads just over to starboard just moving forward into the galley area this was called The Country Kitchen when it was penned by Princess and it really is giving the impression that you're in some sort of New York loft apartment it is absolutely glorious it is so sociable tons and tons of workspace Super Storage everywhere Refrigeration as you would expect on an x95 is absolutely phenomenal giving you loads of autonomy at Sea loads of days at sea without having to go in and and refresh all of your um you're shopping and getting all of your bits and pieces as you would expect you've got commercial grade cooking equipment but moving back into the feel of the place your interior dining is brought all the way up to the front of the main deck all the way up to the bow it's got this lovely seating area a table that is very comfortably going to sit eight or 10 guests the light is again flooding into this area and you've got a lovely bit of light from the from the bow area so I'm going to bring you up to the very exciting Sky Lounge and show you all of the exterior spaces which of course are massively important on this boat but first of all let's go and have a look at the lower accommodation so the princess x95 of course is fitted with four cabins on the lower deck the master cabin being afed and utilizing the full beam of the boat so the master cabin is everything that you expect to see from Princess there's floods of light coming in it's absolutely beautiful what you notice straight away is just the richness of the woodwork all of the curvature the soft finishes that you see it is the line and texture is absolutely gorgeous it's just covers you in luxury over on the starboard side you've got a really nice dressing room Oodles of storage through this space through here we've got an on Suite with twin sinks and the owner opted to go with a a bath on the port side here again it's just superb luxury I can think of nothing better than spending a few months here let's go and have a look at the VIP cabern forward so the wonderful thing about the whole form on the x95 it is a little bit different from everything else that princess produced on the basis that it's semi- displacement semi planing and so it brings the shoulders of the boat the beam of the boat further forward and it allows for this fantastic space up here it's so broad there's so much volume in this cabin it really is quite something movement around the cabin is fantastic the storage of course it's got its own on Suite its own dressing room nice clear head height here another feature is that there's no steps throughout this whole deck level everything is on one level floor and that really feels different from anything else in the princess Fleet additionally you've got two cabins one to Port one to starboard which have twins that are coming together to make doubles again each of them on Suite it's beautiful just beautiful so the prin S x95 as with the x80 have a lovely lovely feature in that they both have two saloons now we're up in the Sky lounge or the Second Saloon and of course if you're on board for a period of time with a full boat being able to find that separation for all of the guests is really quite nice so this is a fantastically comfortable Saloon area you've got Vistas just everywhere it is extraordinary there's lovely continuity between the exterior and the interior we'll have a look out there in a second and also of course you've got the bridge area which will close off with these sliding doors so that you can have that all important separation between the crew and the guests on board this is really true princess's current style in the bridge area it's really nicely configured the uh the owner has really spared nothing in in terms of the specification up here he's got three mfds he's got twin bonning screens everything is controlled from here everything is visible from here and it is so clean and tidy and when those doors are closed and the crew are in here it's very nicely contained very nicely ventilated you've got a side door here so that the crew can move around the boat without going through those guest areas it's a lovely place to be whether you're on watch or underway it's really really very comfortable very spacious and very practical so should we move to outside and have a look at the after deck so the ex 95 is not just about interior volume it's also about exterior spaces and this is probably the single most important area on the boat the owners have configured this particular area to seat eight guests on the basis that it's a four Cabin boat and they've also brought around this lovely exterior Saloon style to the to the deck area incorporating a best spoke designed and fitted television it is just mindblowing out here the views the space the flow it's absolutely gorgeous of course all of this can be covered over with a sun awning to give you a little bit of shade if it's getting too warm and all of the features that you might ordinarily expect to see in this area are here we've got grills we've got barbecues we've got Oodles of refrigeration but the views are really what it's all about let's walk forward and have a look at the four deck area on this flybridge deck the four deck area on the fly bridge of course is as important as any other boat it is really really Fant fantastic place to be when you're at Anor because you're getting a little bit of Breeze or if you're in the marina you get lovely privacy up here and a view over the marina and all of the boats the activity it gives you a nice feel for where you are just tucked down below here in the bow area we've got a fantastic little seating area which would just be lovely to sit down and read a book and get away from everything you could really hide down there absolutely beautiful let's move down to the after death really comfortable walk arounds on the princess x95 it really feels like a super yacht we're in the cockpit area now and this is so Supple this space I mean of course you've got this lovely continuity of flow going in and out of the boat because of these huge big doors here but the way that we've configured this area is so that it is a lounge it's a coffee space it's got these extra deep seats really for relaxing taking it in being involved in the social spaces that the interior offers it really is quite vast and very very comfortable and of course it's giving you the shade from the the midday Sunshine so it's a lovely lovely spot just to hang out and be close to the water get all of the activities running towards the back of the boat speaking of activities let's go down here and have a quick look at what the AF platform offers because this is really extraordinary I believe that this is one of the biggest Transformer platforms that's available on a one on a sub 100t yacht it is absolutely massive and of course it serves a whole load of purposes its primary purpose is to create space on the water space and it ties in absolutely beautiful with the the beach club garage which we'll show you in a few minutes so this whole platform drops down into the water the tender can drive over the platform and the tender can be lifted the whole way up and over to recess into this area here so it's really tidy in terms of using the tender launching and recovering but also of course it can be dropped down into the water so that you can swim from it and you've got this beautiful stairway coming back onto your deck it's just magnificent likewise when we got onto the boat yesterday in birth the platform was elevated up to the dock level and there wasn't any need for a passel instead you had a beautiful set of stairs coming down onto the boat it's really quite extraordinary we'll open up this beach club section in a few minutes but the beach club is also accessible for the crew to use as their crew mess and if the full door isn't open then of course the crew can use the pentag graphic door just to come in and to come out very easily there's a number of options available on the Princess x95 model in terms of the way that the crew and the beach club balance each other torsa is currently running with a crew of three however her crew accommodation is set out to two cabins one being a bunk and the captain having a double birth with a Pullman overhead so it's very comfortable for up to five crew this way there's no compromise on the size of the beach club which offers full comfort for the crew as a crew mess or of course doubles up as a beach club for the guests I've spoken with the crew on board this boat and they're absolutely delighted with the setup and of course a happy crew is a happy boat so when we were bringing the boat here to Anchor we were running at about 12 1/2 knots that's about 1,200 revs per minute that at that speed given its just takes under 14,000 L of fuel you can achieve almost 1,500 nautical miles of range with this boat I mean that's really quite extraordinary for a hole that can also push up to about 22 23 knots I think most people will probably run this boat somewhere between 12 and 16 knots I think that's really where it's comfortable and she sits so flat in the water super stable of course she's fitted with spectrin stabilizers which go a long way to help she's fitted with twin 50 KW generators and in fact each one of them is more than enough to run almost everything on the boat at any one time so there's loads of redundancy she's got an upgraded water maker which enables her to produce 340 L per minute and also she's fitted with spot zero so for the crew running around the boat and cleaning those windows becomes an awful lot easy here the boat is in magnificent condition and she's had all of her Works carried through with extreme diligence she's going to be based in the Western Mediterranean for the rest of this summer and following which she'll go back to mayorca for a little bit of winter time so if you'd like more information on torsa this wonderful princess x95 please go to our website and have a look we'll have updates on all of the pricing there and you can see where the locations are and of course you can always pick up the phone and we'll be very happy to provide you with all of the information that you might need of course we would like you to like And subscribe to our YouTube channel too thank you very much for joining us up

  Top Comments:
  1. @lordHornby [3 likes]: Yep, when the pennies allow me I will make the call to commission the build with this floor plan but with the hot tub. Thought I wouldn't like the country kitchen, but I really do. I have tried, but I can not love the Y95 but X95 well that is my boat.
  2. @Bobby-u2j2b [2 likes]: perfect presentation. ahhh to dream.
  3. @rustybear5125 [1 likes]: The country kitchen is what sold it for me.
  4. @cruise35able [1 likes]: Exterior perfect stunning
Interior outdated grandma vibe
  5. @adnanmenderes5385 [1 likes]: In may please Princess X95 yachts pries $80,000,000 million with income Tec.   🔥
  6. @alcylon [1 likes]: Beach club as a crewmess. Sounds good,but what happens when guets are useing the beach club? Where does the crew relax when time off?  I prefer a space for crew and space for guests
  7. @andyvankerkhove6902 [1 likes]: a couple more price reductions and you can ship it to me
from Spain
  8. @mateogonzalezchavez-c5s: cool trip ...
  9. @FocusRite-l1g: 60 fps my butt... youtube, wake up!
  10. @ninja12lawbreaker: That is a beautiful yacht, but theres only 4 or 5 in my family so maybe not
  11. @honeymcdonald9120: Probably good for a cold climate, but an open or partlt shaded fly bridge is nicer.
  12. @seasider101: The X80 manages a third full double cabin on the accommodation deck, yet the X95 only manages two twin cabins... there isn't room for a full double cabin on the floorplan... surely there should be more room on the wider beam.
  13. @petersmith6794: This yacht belongs to a friend of mine and is now in Puerta Banus. I'm yet to have been on board ..
  14. @das2003: Beautiful boat,  the floor plan is probably the best I have seen! if only the seating den at the bow of the boat was removed and the interior country kitchen extended, so you can see the rest of the beautiful view from the bow and the kitchen table. Otherwise a stepping stone in the right direction. Gorgeous!
  15. @souldreamer9056: What’s the difference between X95 Corsa and X95 vista?
  16. @mrsavedbygrace2569: You really know how to show a ship
  17. @kenharris8743: It looks like early two thousands ikea furnitur
  18. @MrArchie800: Nice to see the country kitchen option (which I prefer) rather than the more charter-friendly five cabin layout. Great family boat and given the age along with the fact the owner has taken quite a hit on initial depreciation I dare say you could even call it a bargain if you're in that sort of market.
  19. @alchemest: I usually love Princess yachts, but the layout of this one I do not like.
  20. @G4444life: Has to be one of the ugliest boats afloat!! It’s a minger

- The award-winning Princess X80, on show at Boot Dusseldorf 2026 | FOR SALE with immediate delivery: Kind: captions Language: en Seeing the Princess X80 from this angle gives you a real impression of the amount of volume that this boat carries. In fact, Princess say that it delivers 30% more interior volume than another fly bridge of the same size. My name is Joe Hill from Princess Motor Yacht Sales. Let's go and have a look. So, we're showing you this Princess X80 today from Dusseldorf Boat Show, January 2026. Uh, it's been a great show so far, and we've had many, many people looking at it and still interested in it. Of course, it's a wellestablished model at this stage. It's it's been running for 4 years, but the sales continue to be very strong, and it's for good reason. The X80 continues to be one of the few boats of this size that offers five cabins. And of course, that was the platform from which it dove straight into the market with huge success. The interior space on this boat is what it's all about, of course, along with some pretty impressive exteriors. So, let's go and have a look at the interiors first. So, there are two different configurations to the X80. This one, as I mentioned, is the five cabin configuration. So, we've got a a master cabin or a VIP cabin on the main deck level. In the instance that you don't have that cabin, then it opens up that space to be a dining room. So, as we move through this space, the saloon, we have some changes that might be implemented in order to complement the choice of of interior that you go for in terms of the cabin configuration. So, this table here, because we've got five cabins, can be a dining table. It comes up electrically, opens up to a huge table that can seat 10 inside. Now, we would hope the fair weather would enable you to be eating up on the fly bridge, alfresco, but in case uh you're exploring in those temper weathers, this is a nice little addition. The boat is fitted out and designed in order to carry a full complement of crew. In fact, it sleeps up to four crew in two cabins, and they have a crew mess as well. We'll have a look at that a little bit later on. But the galley also works very well with that in mind. This galley is fully open at the moment. It will close up uh so that you can have a private chef on board, maintain privacy for the guest, keep the smells out through the side door. Uh so, it's really, really clever, clever stuff. It's fully fitted with lots of refrigeration and everything that you need in order to cook and keep the guests happy in terms of theirh culinary delights. We move forward into this VIP cabin, which had been suggested was the master when the boat was first produced, but in fact, it's not the biggest cabin on the boat. So, I think this one leans more towards that very important guest that you might have on board. And if you were that guest walking in here, you would be absolutely delighted. The views are fantastic. It's panoramic. It's super comfortable. Being on the main deck level gives it that little air of exclusivity. And then you've got this door on the port side which brings the guest out to this bow area which almost feels like a private terrace. It's really really very very clever. And the bathroom on suite over to the starboard side giving great comfort. Lovely shower with a view. What more could you ask for as a guest on board this boat? I love this stairwell. It feels so grand with the light coming down here and you enter this kind of lobby area with the mirror which of course gives the impression of loads of volume. It's uh really feels quite special. And here it is, the master cabin, utilizing the full 6 m of beam. And you really, really feel it. And there's no compromise in this space. You've got no steps on the on the floor to contend with. It feels open, airy, light, and uncompromised. And you've got storage everywhere. You've got a dressing room on this side. Lovely dresser. I mean, just look at the contouring of all of this woodwork. There's no nothing easy to build about this boat. It's really really nicely constructed and designed and you can see where all of the skills of those woodworkers have have come into play. I'll just move over this side to show you the on suite. Uh the on suite has double sinks, a lovely standup rain chair, and again a view that uh you would want from any bathroom in the world really. It's absolutely beautiful. And we'll move forward now to the additional three guest cabins. So on the starboard side we have a further double cabin which is very very comfortable. All of the cabins are on suite. So this is a fixed double cabin uh with loads of space. Again it's absolutely glorious. On the port side we have a twin cabin where the beds come together to create a double should you wish. And again it's on suite. And then we have this fantastic VIP cabin forward. Again, uncompromising. So much volume in the on suite. It's very, very comfortable and plenty of hanging space. Plenty of storage. Lovely little dresser here. There's not much that your guests are going to be wanting beyond this. So, I mentioned each of the cabins has an on suite, but we should not forget the allimportant day heads here. So, for those guests that are on board for the day, they're not using all of the uh the facilities that are there for the overnight guests, which is very nice. Let's go up and have a look at the uh fly bridge. So, this fly bridge is kind of unlike anything else that's out there. I mean, first of all, we're standing in a second saloon here. So, you can picture having this boat with the the five cabins are full. You've got 10 guests on board. And finding that separation for the guests on board the boat is likely to become important at some stage. So to enable perhaps the kids to come up here and watch a little bit of television while the while you're downstairs enjoying uh some drinks in the evening. Uh it just having those separate spaces really opens up the way that you might use the boat. Of course, this area closes off here with these doors, so you have some separation from the captain and the crew. Nice little bit of privacy. The captain cannot be anything but delighted with this space. It feels like a mini ship in the way that it's configured. We've got all of the systems that you need here for the captain to be able to control the boat with ease. It's beautiful and clean and easy to use. Of course, everything is controlled through the bonding system. So, most of the ship systems are coming through the bonding system. And then we've put some additional MFDs on here so that all of the navigation, etc. is super super easy and very easy to manage. Of course, outside the door here, we've got an entrance going to a a fourth area outside, sun pads with some seating, and we have the very important second station. This boat is quite a big boat, but that station out on the starboard side enables the captain to have a clean line the whole way down the boat so that maneuvering is made easy. And of course, that station is complemented by a third station down on the port side in the cockpit. So that really close maneuvering is all handled very nicely. Let's move outside onto the aft fly bridge. So we've got a lovely flow as we exit the interior saloon area of the fly bridge and come out to this expansive outdoor space. It's it's fantastic out here. It's really supple. This table can be formal dining, seating up to 10 guests, or indeed you can drop the table down into coffee table height and everything just feels an awful lot more relaxed. Uh so it's it really serves a lot of purposes very very nicely. We've got all of the bits and pieces that we come to expect on a a Princess, a grill, a sink. We've got a lot of refrigeration going on here. And again, we've got more refrigent more refrigeration going on here. So, it's really once you're out here, you've got everything that you need to be comfortable, enjoy the sunshine. In fact, this chair will swivel around. So, when this is all relaxed, you've got a lovely closed circle. I can imagine a pretty good party going on here. Of course, the cockpit is always a very important space on the boat. It's the first space that you come to when you get on board. And indeed, this is a very comfortable uh place for everybody to sit, be close to the water, and to be able to see if anybody's in uh in the galley that they're still in the social space. It's super important. And of course, I did mention previously that we have the third station controls. And they're found just here. They drop down and again, they give you a view the whole way up the port side of the boat and and to the transom. though for maneuvering those big man V12000 engines, you're you've got lovely control and lovely sight. And look at the width of this walkway going up the sides of the boats. Lovely sturdy rails. There's a great feeling of substance of the boat the whole way through. So the forward area of the of the Princess X80 and indeed any boat these days is is increasingly important and the design that we have here is really really quite beautiful. This space enables privacy when you're in those marinas down in the Mediterranean. And of course it provides you with a beautiful view when you're in the harbor or at anchor. And at anchor it's lovely and cool. So the space is really important. It's been designed to be super comfortable. It's an absolutely beautiful place to sit and just take in all of the views. So, this Princess X80 is currently available. She's fitted with every conceivable option that you might want for Mediterranean cruising. She's got the upgraded 2,000 horsepower engines, not the 1900s that we've been running with previously. She's twin generator, all of the aircon, all of the spec that you're going to need for really comfortable cruising. So please do get in touch with us. We look forward to hearing from you. Thank you very much.

  Top Comments:
  1. @richardbean6604 [7 likes]: I can never understand the reluctance to advertise the price for specific boats. The nonsense idea of “if you need to ask, you can’t afford” is just infuriating.
  2. @Walcingham509 [5 likes]: Some very clever ideas! I appreciate a well spoken,  well dressed salesman.
  3. @zigzagmarine [2 likes]: Fly bridge is perfect nice like also second saloon…
  4. @KalifUmestoKalifa [1 likes]: I get that it has a lot, like a really lot of space for its size, but God it's ugly from the outside. The Y version is much much better looking.
  5. @andyvankerkhove6902: so they downsized from the X95 to this X80...and did it very well
They read the market.... no captains cabin... it means owner driven...
  6. @MegaBigbizz: Beautiful and disappointing at the same time, the fact the windows don't come down in the salon and galley area is diabolical. What waste of opulence 😢 one small grill for that size is horrible and tvs seem to be missing in the most important areas when hosting 😢😢😢

- NEW Princess S65 | FOR SALE NOW in Swanwick, UK | Full Detailed Walkthrough with Ken Knight: Kind: captions Language: en hello my name is Ken Knight I'm from Princess Motor yot Sales we're here today in swanic Marina to look around an absolutely stunning princess it was a model that was on display at the dorf Boat Show earlier this year and it's one we haven't covered before because it's relatively new and it's going to be my absolute pleasure uh to show you around this stunning new S65 that we have in stock so just before we step on board I think it's worth taking a moment and just admiring how this boat looks from the outside this S65 is beautiful uh and you know I know I say that about all princesses I think they're elegant and very pretty but this has a real muscular presence on the water and right the way from this Radar Arch which looks so much more integrated than anything else I've ever seen all these beautiful curves the the use of color these large Windows you can see all this pinino styling coming into play and as we work our way down we've got the olinski hole these large Scoops for air intake into the engine bay the moldings around the the windows into the hole it's just beautiful it really is very very impressive so here we are on the swim platform generous as you expect on a 65 ft boat this obviously is a high low platform we've got a tender garage here as well so tender garage can take a Williams 345 usual sort of things on this boat we've got a Shore power coming in we've got a passel will come out it's a 4 met passel on this boat it's symmetrical so both the walkways either side are of equal size on the port side here we've also got a shower uh ready for when you come out the water to wash yourself off and then we're greeted by this whopping triple sunpad here so as we step up into the cockpit of this S65 it's no less impressive when you step on board than the looks from the dock it really is wow you know it's a fantastic space really generous this triple sunpad off this lovely large seating wrap this sort of Nook of seating here on the Starbuck side it gives you protection when you're underway but you're still engaged with what's going on it's really impressive what princess have done with the design and it has really borrowed the best parts of a v-class yacht which is single level Yacht Where the half deck is your main outside space so it generally is quite generous with actually what you get on f-class yacht where you've got a fly bridge so we have the best of both worlds in this boat what one thing that's not in dispute is just how stylish this boat is and when you look at things like these steps they're practical with the rake on them but they're desperately pretty the stainless work this sort of floating step Arrangement is very pretty but it is still practical so when we look at the detail on board this boat's set up for Stern two birthing we have a third Helm station here we've got our throttle controls for our man engines so this boat is a really potent performer we've got man V12 1400s so it's lots and lots of power on this boat you know it does give you lots of flexibility you can go really really fast if you want to but you can also just Cruise displacement speeds if you so desire it really is up to an owner the other thing that's noteworthy is we've got a new Thruster system on board this has got bow and Stern thrusters but they are evision uh thrusters so what that means is a much much stronger system would have previously had you know maybe on boats of old You' had hydraulic system on the boat you know the electric ones you're worried about the run time of them that's really been taken care of with this new uh style of system as technolog is developed neat Arrangement all just folds away but I think what we'll do is we're going to explore the interior so as we step into the interior of this boat it is wow again the sense of drama and presence is everywhere the design of it is beautiful maybe it's the black lining gives it a very different feel to maybe some of the other princesses you know right the way down to the detailing this lighting that's in the deckheads is beautiful it it just feels very elevated you know at the back here we've got these big doors that open right up the window that flicks up obviously you can close that down and make use of the tropical air conditioning these boats got the half Galley we've got this lovely flat floor which is great half galy Arrangements we know what customer wants because you can service the half deck you can service the fly bridge really well equipped full-size fridge freezer below we got a for burner hob we've got our oven got a dishwasher sink lots of storage as ever storage is squeezed in as many places as possible and then we got this lovely dining area opposite so maybe this is for breakfast this boat does come with stools so this is like I said a stock boat that we've got that's available for purchase the stores can Nestle in underneath the table maybe this is where you have breakfast when it's a little bit inclement or it's a bit cooler in the morning but if you want to use it as a smaller space and just have a laptop out you can so we step up into the saloon the windows steal the show the light and brightness of this boat obviously this been an S-Class yop we're sort of borrowing those bits from the V series which is this electric sliding roof so we can open this right up and naturally ventilate the boat or alternative we can have it closed and use the air conditioning which is obviously reverse cycle so we can heat or cool the boat as appropriate this massive wrap of seating here really really generous I mean you can get lots of people around here nice coffee table because obviously we've got other dining areas on the boat so we don't need to use this for dining and then on the starboard side we've got a large TV that's on a rise fall more detailing as to how the boat is finished just breaking up the joinery on board usual sort of Princess glasswar large fridge this a great area for drinks usual princess quality lots of Curves in all the joinery that you uh you see on board you know we got these nice inlays here satin Walnut on the back of the helm seats these Helm seats are upgraded got this diamond quilt stitching that we get with the Allure pack and it's just the fact that the leather as well is really nice this lower Helm station is really well equipped you've got direct access onto the deck with a side door here most owners are probably going to drive this from the fly bridge just cuz it affords such good visibility but maybe you're on passage you're on a longer Journey going at slower speed you know you are going to drive the boat from down here it's it's fully equipped as You' come to expect the attention to detail is lovely though everything's counter sunk here with the instruments we've got two large Ray Marine plotters 15.6 in and then we've got a third one nled in the middle there so we can have our electronic engine data on there and I suppose with these modern boats that are built you know very clean in terms of how they're laid out it's not always obvious what is fitted to the boat so there are several things that are layered into these mfds that we can't see we've got a reverse facing camera for example so either Helm station that's going to assist you in docking got another camera in the engine bay but one of the huge options fitted to this boat is the gyro seae keeper 18 it's a massive bit of equipment it really helps the stability of the boat it is quite significant in terms of cost but on a vessel of this size you're really going to be expecting the latest stabilization and that's what that brings to this boat so a tour of the S65 really wouldn't be complete without a peak into the engine room needless to say the stars of the show are these am V12 1400s it's got, 1400 horsepower per side obviously it's going to give this boat some really potent performance it's obviously an owners prerogative they use that performance or just you know want to go along at a more leisurely Pace but the nice thing is when you've got the option you got flexibility as to how you use that other items that we've got in here we've got our onand generator it's a 19 kilowatt I mentioned the seae keeper earlier that's actually in a lazarette area of this boat so for those that are really Keen eyed that's why you can't see it in here but for anyone who got an engineering interest it's an absolute Delight the way these engine rooms are fitted out from the noise dead that we've got everywhere to the installations that are very very clean you can get at everything everything is labeled you can get get down into the bildes of the boat it's the attention to detail that distinguishes a princess engine bay from other competitors out there I think what we do is we'll have a look down below the accommodation and explore a little bit further so here on the lower deck this is the accommodation it is a 4 Cabin boat with three heads it's the same layout as the f65 on this lower deck so if you're familiar with that boat it will be identical but on the starboard side here we've got a double cabin that can be set out as twins depending on the options so this one's got the electric option to be able to join those bursts straight together with a Jack and Jill into a heads compartment here can be shared as a as a dayhe heads we've got a beautiful midet Master cabin which we'll come back to but it's really spectacular we've got a bunk Arrangement here on the port side good size bunk cabins and lovely wake up in that upper bunk you look straight out in the water and then we got this VIP forward which we're going to explore further it's a lovely cabin up here forward your eye flicks around straight away all the detail lovely curves joinery large amounts of light really discrete LED indirect lighting lovely place to spend time it's going to be a very very comfortable cabin we've got this flush mounted 43inch TV we've got speakers in the deck head and then in true princess fashion there's storage absolutely everywhere underneath the birth and as we move over to the port side here we got a large lined lit hanging Locker overhead storage as well you know the there is the usual Arrangement where there is a tint on this glass on the outside but you have got blind so you can fully black out the cabin and then we've got our dedicated onsite heads here here on the port side again generous lots of elbow space large shower we have a shadow pack fitted on this boat so just gives it a very modern feel this black detailing on all the fixtures and fittings toil rails Taps the shower heads it sort of fits with this very sporty feel that this sine has let's go and have a look at the master cabin because that is a treat so as we drop down a couple of steps here nestled in the mid chips we just open up this beautiful big mid chips Master cabin full beam it's a really large cabin flat floor loads of Headroom lots of light from these large aperture Windows just doesn't do it justice when we're in a marina if you wake up somewhere with the lovely Vista you're really going to enjoy this luxurious Big Island birth but also lots of storage storage all the way along that stared side some big drawers on the end of the birth there we've got a Crush mount TV on the bulkhead speakers in the deck heads as well so you're going to be well entertained in this cabin then what really moves it into a different class of boat much like the f65 is where we've got the heads so we've got the head situated behind this bulkhead so I think we're just going to explore this area so here in this master heads compartment it's very nice to where you just walk around that bulkhead to come in here so what it means is it gives you a really large cabin you're not eroding any of that space to accommodate a head's compartment and then it also gives you this natural air gap because behind here is our engine room that will be incredibly well finished insulated noise deadening but there's no substitute for this noise deadening gap before you get to the the cabin which is a fantastic in this class of boats the shadow lines we've got these Matt finishes everywhere in Black gives it a very contemporary sporty feel and that extends the joinery as well so on the back of the door these these units here as well like I said a lovely contemporary feel large shower compartment a range full shower head there it's Mount the deck head we've also got a separate shower so hopefully that's something for everyone and as we come out of this compartment we've got big storage hanging lockers there I think what we do is we'll head out and just explore the remainder of the exterior as we step up into the four deck here just one thing that's never to be underestimate on a boat is the amount of storage and we got these really useful lockers here they're great because they're so easy to get into you're not diving down into a de and accessible Place good for swallowing covers or fenders like I say you got one on the port side and on starboard really not to be underestimated but really really handy and then we're into the for deck here this seating area is fantastic really clever use of Spates it's an evolution for princess the way this has been done you know this has been seen before this seating wrap we've got this nice table here really how they've moved the game on is the sunb beds here you can use them either way so we've got one set up this way so a sunpad face facing forward but maybe you're in the marina in the evening you want some privacy you want to have a little drink you can be nicely opposed people it's very socialable layout great use of space and a nice Evolution that princess have come up with also nled up here we've got a drinks area so this one's been set up with a fridge so you can leave some water or beer whatever you want up here during the day just say he having to go back down to the boat and bring things up the side deck anchoring Arrangement is pretty straightforward you've got localized controls here obviously you can activate the anchor from the lower Helm station or on the fly bridge and then also we've got a little bit more storage anchor chain one side drained Locker the others are good for putting your lines in there you can put your fenders in those lockers got a remote control for the windless yeah nice straightforward setup everything thought out lots of Scupper drains and I think it's used a boat before is going to appreciate the Simplicity and just the tried and tested nature of how this has been set up so the one place we haven't looked at is the fly bridge let's go and explore and round our tour off there so coming up to the fly bridge hand holds everywhere you want them nice and chunky and supportive hatch we can close when we're up here lovely space up here it's interesting it's a slightly different design some of the other fly Bridges we got on the princesses it's an evolution like I say so we got our wet bar at the back of the boat which makes really good sense takes any cooking smells out the back of the boat large fridge here as well draw fridge that pulls out that's not your only Refrigeration up here we've got more big table lovely large seating wrap can easily get eight or 10 people around here which is great maybe a couple of stools or director's chairs you can bring up them down below but I just love the style when you're up here you look at all these curves the Contours even right the way down to the radar that's been fitted you know it's got a Raymarine Cyclone radar as an upgrade but that aesthetic just fits with the sportiness of this boat I mentioned there a second fridge up here so this is sort of nestled behind the co-pilot seat so no one's going to go thirsty up here and then we got this Helm station beautifully appointed exactly the same as the lower Helm station so everything's counter sunk duplication of all your instruments very commanding view from up here and it also gives you a sight line just down that stairwell to the back of the boat I can see the the edge of the swim platform obviously we've got the camera there we can rely on as well yes lovely it's going to be a great place to drive the boat from and then just neatly nestled behind this wind deflector we got a large electric bimy so that can be use the button there the motors to take the weight of lifting up into place it's a chunky bit of Kit with all the stainless steel and then four and a half you can secure it in place with the strops once you've got it up over here on the starboard side we've got a good use of space we can just slide this off so we can put an insert in here make this larger as a sun pad just means that when people are on the helm you can really accommodate people can be involved in the experience underway it's not just about dining but it's just a clever way of cheating the space you know with the the space we got available up here so I really hope you enjoyed this video this S65 a stunning yacht it's not until you see it in person you realize the presence that it has on the water if you want to find out more details our website is princess. co.uk but there's no substitute for stepping on board and if you'd like to view this y please do give us a call

  Top Comments:
  1. @IanObzi [5 likes]: There are cheaper manufacturers around but the design and the quality of Princess yachts shines through, it’s where my money would go.
  2. @Vexing_Sobriquet [5 likes]: Princess boats are STILL beautiful...like Sunseeker & Sea Ray were in their heyday...Princess keeps making beautiful boats and not cheap looking IKEA boats!
  3. @stever7732 [5 likes]: A nice boat! The video was slightly spoiled by the specification overlay on the right hand side of the screen when in the engine room. The text was too small to serve any useful purpose. It would have been better to go without that and instead show other areas of the engine room including the Seakeeper.
  4. @COORS5766 [2 likes]: Love the look of Black Walnut along with the black accents or trim pieces! So Classy!
  5. @alansteele3757 [1 likes]: Just a shame you didn’t show the garage. 👍
  6. @thaitom449 [1 likes]: You need to be a lottery winner to be able to keep up with the fuel for them twin engines
  7. @TrevorHames-w3j [1 likes]: Brilliant presentation
  8. @UKDave6689 [1 likes]: Great video and what  a stunning boat, perhaps you should have ended the video with your own premisses in the back ground, just a thought ;)
  9. @davebuckman8841 [1 likes]: I say it every time ken........I am buying my ticket extra ticket!!
  10. @cookiemonster2299 [1 likes]: Stunning 👍❤️🇬🇧
  11. @MrRicardo11 [1 likes]: Yeah she's a beauty alright 👍
  12. @pekka75 [1 likes]: WOW...😍
  13. @OneMarineUK [1 likes]: Lovely boat! 👌
  14. @RadeNikolic-t8q: Lepo
  15. @robertlangley1664: You convince me this is the boat for me just one little problem the lottery isn’t playing ball , absolutely a stunning boat would feel very proud to own her
  16. @Pacho_Villa: Stunning "Lady". Personally I like them more without flybridge....but definitely she's gorgeous. I'll text you tomorrow once I confirm my EuroMillions numbers 😂😂😂

- $4.2 Million Yacht Tour : Princess F65: Kind: captions Language: en this is Princess's brand new f65 this in fact is the very first one it came straight out of the factory and straight up here to the Southampton boat show so we're getting a nice early preview of this one they've done some nice styling tweaks with this notice the way this line for example comes back and flows down and into here that looks really good and also the engine vents are now color coding so they match and line up with the side windows so it gives a really integrated look and you see the same as with these SL Windows as well the way they sort of swept that down being very square shape it just makes the whole boat look a lot more organic it's a really nice looking boat even right on the flybridge you can see that line the way it sweeps up it just makes it look a lot sleeker and a lot nicer anyway we're going to step on board here we got the high low bathing platform that's where your tender goes there's a crew cabin on this one we'll show you that of course but we'll head on inside first of all I think and we'll give you the full tour I'm going to show this cockpit just as we go past because this is the thing with Princess is all about quality and it's all about detailing and this I think is a perfect example cuz if you look at this table look at the way that they sort of matched this grain across it gives this lovely design and then you look a bit closer and you see these little stainless steel sections here that line up so that when you close it over there's an air gap so it doesn't get damp underneath and go all moldy and then you find you've got stainless steel cup holders here and these stainless steel rails so just at the table alone you can see what makes a princess a princess it's really nicely done okay let's head on inside now what you've got with this one is of course the sliding saloon doors but also the lift window here so that really connects these two areas and it's Gala as all of the princesses of this size and Below sort of you know about 72t and down all have the galley back here if we have a wand on in then what you've got here is well the bits you'd expect relase you got a big fridge freezer just here that's the fridge and the freezer is underneath you've got your cuty drawer here it's all electric cooking as you'd expect with a for burner hob you got the sink here but also there's a dishwasher on this one of course that lives in there and then storage dotted about the place like this and then also bins here and a bit more storage there and then opposite that you've got this dinette area so this table will fold out you can see it's basically hinged here we move those little fellas very carefully out of the way and that one that makes a really decent Siz table and again you're seeing this detailing in the Woodwork is absolutely beautiful these hinges which they completely flush when that's opened out or when it's closed and then again storage everywhere they're very practical boat so if you look in places this there we go big drawers underneath here for example and you've got them up under here as well some of these are for specific things so this one here for example has all of the Crockery in it like so and then if we come up here again it packed it into everywhere so big stage draw onto there and it means you have to lift the cushions off every time I want to get something out so that works well love this table and I really love this seating around here it's nice and deep and comfortable CU of course you don't need to dine here you've got this separate dining area down here this is all about relaxing and lounging there's a big TV that powers up out of here and then the other thing you've got up here is the bar area so this is giving you things like ice maker the cocktail fridge and then this is for your glasses and that kind of stuff in here AV Equipment lives down there as well you got new princess Helm seats here these look really good with these feature panels in the back of them and that sense of quality with this diamond stitching that they put through really very nice indeed side door on this one it's got everything on this really hasn't it and then as we come across here you've got of course your uh engine controls the steering this a nice detail when you turn the steering look at this it's weighted so that your princess badge is always the right way up and fantastic uh what else we've got bound Stern Thruster on this one you've got the twin screens so you can select these for whatever you want chart plotter or engine instumentation although there is a separate engine screen here and you got the vents here as well for the air conditioning and then over here really nice little seat just raised up slightly so that's very nice when the boats underway but the other thing they've done with this which is quite clever is they've put this in here it's like a little laptop table so if you want to sit there pop your laptop on there do a little bit of work whatever else fantastic there's a drop window there as well for a bit of ventilation of course there is air conditioning but it's nice to just get some air through sometimes so if you have that window down and that door open you get a good through flow of air if we carry on down here the distribution panel as is often the way of Princess is should just here so light switches air conditioning controls that is your uh 24volt side engine Start batteries domestic batteries and all the um individual switches for lighting and that kind of stuff and then we move over here and we've got the 220 240 bolt side so this is the stuff like the microwave and the fridge and the ice maker and the dishwasher all that kind of stuff and that's driven from either the shore power if you plugged in or from the generator and you switch that across just here but yeah very nicely done uh water tank systems here so the gray water tank the holding tank you can see how full it is and the pumps are on there and all that kind of stuff if we head on down W work on these the way it curves and places is really nice and you got this lobby area down here so we'll head forward first of all and we'll find a a really nice VIP gas cabin look at the size of that the big news with this boat actually for a 65ft boat is they've made it a 4 cabin layout I think the predecessor to this was a 62 and that's a three cabin they really want to get four cabins into this and they've done it so obviously we'll see those as we go around we' got the um the AV Equipment in here of course there's a little dressing table over here so there's a mirror which does open if you can find the catch there we go and then down here little drawer for makeup or whatever else and again the way this wood is formed and curves around the top as well these are storage areas around here there's also um a hatch up in a ceiling that's just up there so there is a way out of this level from the front if you need it and then we come over here and you've got your big hanging locker and that one there's an access hatch so you can get to some of the systems behind the scenes if we very carefully pull this off there we go you can see wiring and that kind of stuff is in there it's all designed so that there have any problems you don't have to start ripping the boat apart you can't actually get to stuff also here of course is an on suite and that is in here again with this beautifully formed wood coming around here so we got the toilet in here of course we got the wash basin in here and then a very nice separate shower so that just closes across flly there's a bit of storage down underneath like so yeah it's really nice there we are so let's head on back a bit further what we've got here is dayhe heads so this is straight down the steps and straight in again decent size shower and obviously the L and the sink but you've also got a door in here because this connects through to cabin three that's over here and that again really nice size cabin what you've got here actually is these beds one of them is powered so if I push the right button there we go see that one's moving across that won't take it too farz it h that water bottle but you get the idea you move that across and it Mars up to the one next to it and that gives you a double bed in there if you want it AV Equipment in here big wardrobe like so and that is the door that makes this also an on Suite cabin however if we cross the corridor we will find cabin four and that one's a bunker cabin again though they've got a decent size wardrobe into here so that lives in here like so and you've got then storage dotted around the place up in places like this big hole windows in here these round sections are opening sections and you've got a venetian blind that drops down over this as well for a b of privacy if it's needed so that is all the guest areas if we head down here then we've got the owner's cabin but I'll show you on the way past that we also have here washer dryer and if you want you can have a separate washing machine and separate dryer because that is same size as that one to get a full- siiz domestic machine into and I like the fact it's a silly little thing but this a little Locker here you can put your washing powder and that kind of stuff in there so it's ready to go so let's head on back this then is the owner's cabin full beam of the boat and beautifully appointed you got your big TV in here separate air conditioning controls of course if we come around this side This Is All Storage along here big windows again with the Venetian blinds that drop down these are uh air conditioning rents in here and in here and the same on the other side so they're all nicely integrated and this then is all um storage along in places like this apart from that one which is a little Bounty area so what you've got here is a mirror that lifts up there we go like so and then these are Big drawers underneath here and then on the other side you've got set so want to tuck this out away with a proverbial good book more storage down on either side again you've got these air conditioning Vents and here you got this brilliant view out we are at Southampton boat show with them look at that it's a beautiful day very nice indeed and then what they've done with this one is they've put the on Suite right across the backs youve got two bulkheads between yourself and the engineering space because the engine room and so forth is all back there so if you come back here a doorway here and that takes us into there so really nice size huge rainfall shower down here at the end it's own extractor fan and again the big windows and again of course blinds that drop down so you've got privacy there if you want it Lovely isn't it really really nice and this area here as we came in there's a little Locker here for the start like so but this is like a dressing area then here because you've got big wardrobes in here like so and then they've got drawers underneath them as well so the amount of storage in this in this cabin is fantastic there we go isn't that nice and again you're seeing this formed wood look at the way this wraps around here look at where they put Lighting in set underneath here you've got this feature across here as well which is nice just a nice bit of subdued extra lighting it looks great doesn't it very very nice okay let's head on a bit further we got the deck to show you we've got fly bsh to show you again detailing here with these down like this it's all very very beautiful crew cabin to show you as well and engine space to show you and some boat cleaners to show you okay let's see if we can work our way past those guys so if we come around here pop my shoes on oh I'll show you this just as we're going past because this is a Stern docking station so you got engine controls bow and Sterns Ruster controls and the anchor Wich control so that's means that if you're Stern through burping you can stand here and watch the boat in and control it and then down here's like a safety Locker so you've got um valves to close the fuel off for the engines and generators there is a manual buge pump system there's obviously all electric pumps this is a backup manual system and you can choose whe to Pump from forward build or half build and also the Fire EX condition pull is there as well so it's got automatic fire suppression system in the engine room if you needed to fire it off manually then you can do that's where you do it from let's head around this way these are uh winches for when it's St two birthing you can put a line around there again this is all very princess look at the quality of all this around here absolutely beautiful and they brought these rails right back to here so that as you walk up on the side decks you're already well within them as you step up okay here we go let's head on forward this again is a thing we doing on princesses now this feature line in this blue looks really good got a rail up here that we can hold on to te decks all the way around on this one this is this um side window that drops so that's the window on this side and then up here this is a new layout for princess up here so well first of all you've got things like the Big Deck lockers here for fenders or covers or whatever else you want to put in there it's some beds as you'd expect on here but what they've done is they' put this Central section in what that means it's a lot easier to get on off CU before you have to sort of scramble over the rail and it's molding around the side here you can just slip your feet down and stand up which is great there is even a little cool box up here at the front so you can keep a couple of drinks in there nice and cool and also what they've done with with this is they've made it so that you can lift this section up like this so that you've got uh forward- facing Sun lounges but also this section will lift the other way like that so that you can sit around here and this area make that a really nice little social area little table there for your drinks and so forth let's come right on around so anchor handling kit is here your winch chain anchor is on the front there again look at these um Fair leads the way that it's not just this that is stainless steel all this is stainless steel and it actually overlaps so that your lines as they come off don't rub on the gel coat you can see they actually go sort of slightly recessed underneath that so this keeps them proud if you imagine the line going down there it's uh say as you're getting your gel coat all scuffed and marked and down here is um you've got your anchor control there's also deck wash there that's what that little pipe sticking out is and that's a manual override for the power winch so that you can crank it manually if you ever had to and then this one here is anchor chain Locker okay let's head on back down this side still plenty more to see and we'll loop on around and take a look at the fly bridge so those steps are over here there's a bit of storage underneath them as you can see there these little silver fellows are lighting so this all illuminates down here at night and if you come on up what we done with this which is nice is put this bar area over to this side like an l-shape so that you can stand here and face directly into this area and here you've got your sink of course underneath here there is a bit of storage and also then there is the um is that a frider or ice maker let's have a look ice maker there we go and top loading fridge just there and then again the detailing what they've done here some beds on the back that's not too unusual but what's great is that they've contined this walkway around them so if you're on this side you can get on and off without having to crawl over whoever's there brilliant we've got the extended bimy that comes out the back of the hard top as you can see that's extended at the moment again look at the thickness of the Rails the stainless steel work on here it's all super solid this is a door that will fold down over here um and that means you can put canopies around the back and enclose the cockpit if you want to and then here really nice dining area and you can take that Center section out so that if you just want those drinks tables and people be able to get in and out easily you can do if you want maximum real estate for your table well then you've got it and if we head forward again again it's a little detail but it's an important one they've actually moved the Navigator seat over slightly so you can get into that without having to come around here and climb over with at the helm so again really nice these lovely seats with this diamond quilting again really nicely done and your upper Helm again you got the triple screens so you can set these up how you want so we can take that one across and put onto radar if we want to to for example like so and then here your bounc andrs again all the kind of stuff you had downstairs already that's a uh remote control for the search light um fire suppression system you can check there you can see that's all armed and ready to go um engine control of course TR controls VHF radio all that kind of stuff and then here there's a great area for people sit alongside the helm this is an infill cushion so you can take that out and have it the seating or you can have that in and have it as extra sunbathing and if you come right up here you can see the view out over the front and Southampton water look how calm that is lovely good morning Southampton Boat Show let's go and look at the crew cabin and the engine space so we'll come back down here and we'll come down this side I think back onto the bathing platform now in this one we've got a Seabob Locker so you can see the twin seabobs in there you can have a charger in there as well if you want to so you can plug those in really helpful cuz they're very heavy so brilliant to to lift those in and out we have to drag them up down the steps there we go and then if we come across onto this side this one is the access to the crew cabin so that opens like so slip my shoes off again again that detailing look at these beautiful hinges on here now this is called a crew cabin but in actual fact it would make a perfectly good cabin 5 brilliant for teenagers of course CU they got their own entrance and exit and a nice little dend Dam here that is just brilliant um what else have we got you've got storage in here like this and then over here is wardrobes and again you got the access panels and so on to some of the engineering but this is all to proper guest cabin standard so it would be no problem at all to use this as a guest cabin good Headroom in here as well look at this really really good and then finally of course there's an on Suite in here so that is in here toilet there and and a proper separate shower so that's in to here for a mid 60 fot boat that is a really lovely crew cabin very very nice indeed very nice you can have this with just one bed if you prefer so you could take that one out and just have a bit more space the show PA is kicked into life wonderful let's go and bury oursel into the engine space and show you that close that one back over should be off all vehicles off site Show's not actually open yet where are we we are qu to 10 shows in 15 minutes so we're having a little bit of a preview here okay let's wander up here I'm going to show you over here first of all because there is a little lazarette area so if we close that gate over like so hopefully you can hear me over the top of our chat chatting we go I go down here now yesterday's was and we so this is an engineering space or a storage space so we can come right down into here there we go you can see some of the air conditioning units down here this is um deck drains and so forth all come to a single point and then drain out and we've got uh battery Banks down here as well and so forth so that's that and we'll come back up again ENT and I'll show you the engine space cuz that's over here me or text me as soon as you can Pi up hit and the so that's what we're looking for the hit and the Show competition going on okay we'll open this one I'm just going to open this for a second is that okay thank you very much and where your stand and today's winner and I will okay give you a bit of a Dr down here the day so with no further Ado let's talk about today's will a Scottish okay and in here we have got a pair of man V8 1200 horsepower diesel engines now these are giving the boat over 30 knots I think they got about 32 knots out of this when I say it's Ain just gone in the water um cruising speed there for is the sort of mid-20s is pretty comfortable and your range at that kind of speed is about 270 Mi however as is always the way with these if you drop back down to the spacement speed so say about 8 or n knots you'll triple that range use a lot of fuel just to lift it up onto the plane that's the uh fire suppression system up there and then we've got fuel tanks out on either board all this silver stuff is um is sound leing playing music now through the PA brilliant just what we need uh and then over here you've got more of the air conditioning systems and so forth uh and I'm sat at the minute on top of a very substantial generator and the exhaust systems are over there so there we go that is a rather lovely engine space all right let's come back out of here for that that music to stop there we go that's better so that's it right let's come out of here your that is it hello there9 let's drop that one back down9 one and the best of close it up have a great day today and may yourselves be strong there we go all right I am going to step back off over here we got a few people on here now and I'm going to say that is the new princess f65 I think that's a really beautiful boat and a great job on that one as ever let me know what you think of that one in the comments and as ever huge thanks to princess Yachts for organizing that tour we look forward to catching you on another one of these real soon take care bye-bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @Alehuato [2 likes]: All I need now is to win the lottery to be able to buy this boat and afford the marina and the upkeep. Fingers crossed! Probably one of my favorite boats, if not the most favorite.
  2. @giannitherock [1 likes]: It's substantially a V65 with the fly bridge... excellent, but I would customize it quite a bit.
  3. @honeymcdonald9120 [1 likes]: That blue makes it look like cheap Ford.  I detest rounded sofas - you can't sit sideways.  Apart from those things this would be my ideal boat.
  4. @kollinteam1598 [1 likes]: This is a great competitor to the Riviera 68
  5. @treydrier3169 [1 likes]: Absolutely fantastic review!  I've owned larger yachts for 25 years and I have to say the F65 is a near perfect boat. Amazingly well thought out interior and exterior. Obviously $4.2 million is a lot of change BUT in reality you get a lot for the money when compared to other similarly priced yachts.
  6. @garyulmer259 [1 likes]: Great boat i like it
  7. @garyulmer259 [1 likes]: Nice boat love it 😀 my kind of boat
  8. @rjdavies1982 [1 likes]: Before you mentioned Southampton I was thinking Florida!😂
  9. @user-to1iy3zb5f [1 likes]: why dont you put things back where you find them, like, when you muve bowls and glases, you just put them back, or TV, just press button and it wil slide back in the place...
  10. @bunyaminatik2558 [1 likes]: I'm tired of you opening and closing cabinets
  11. @Steve-Cross [1 likes]: Hi Nick. The new Princess is beautiful. Very nice size for a family. Looks very well put together as all Princesses are. Thanks for the tour. 😎👍
  12. @brianmiller6443 [1 likes]: That's the best 65ft yacht I have ever seen
  13. @jamiep61 [1 likes]: Princess make some of the best Luxury Yachts, the detailing looks Incredible 😊
  14. @roeldruyts [1 likes]: Everytime great video’s to dream about a certain boat. However, if you really interested, you miss practical and real life details such as: how are the beds? Mostly it’s a matrass on a simple plank. It looks great but horrible to sleep in. Other example: how many decibels in the bedroom when the generator and the seakeeper are active. Can you still sleep? That kind of details… would be great!
  15. @paulchesney1798 [1 likes]: Terrific tour
  16. @paulchesney1798 [1 likes]: You keep putting these vids out and I will watch. We are looking for a vessel ourselves.
  17. @rich5871 [1 likes]: Beautiful boat
  18. @matthewjung2313 [1 likes]: If you did more "sailboats"
I bet you'd gain a lot of views
  19. @lukapindzo274 [1 likes]: 4.2 mil? Where do you get your info😂😂
  20. @baldassarealessi1007: Thank you AQUAHOLIC compliment video brilliant explanation exhaustive Yacht  Tour Princess F 65 € 4.2 Million beautiful deitail accurate designer minimum exstensium is a  Jewel unique.

- 2015 Princess 43 'Seren' | FOR SALE NOW in Milford Haven, Wales: Kind: captions Language: en [music] [music] [music ] [music ] เ เฮ เฮ [music] [ music]

- £1 Million Princess 60 - How much does it cost to buy and run this boat per year?: Kind: captions Language: en the most common question I get asked about on boats is how much everything costs so today I'm going to take you around this princess 60 that we've just taken in part exchange and then I'm going to tell you every single cost that I can think of so you know what the damage is going to be per anom so let's go do it I sold this boat new in 2016 to a lovely couple down in Limington and they had her for a few years and since that time I've had her back once or twice as people have upgraded it's a massive princess 60 and they didn't sell in huge numbers and the reason being is the 56 just below her her smaller sister sold in big numbers and gave you the same three cabins but this gave you an extra bathroom but it did cost you a lot more money anyway I sold a few and this one I'm going to give you a full tour of so let's start with the platform the platform here is a high low as you normally expect but you can put a bigger Williams sportjet 395 on her so come on board and let's go and have a look around so the cockpit area is a lovely space and under here is the crew but I'll show you that last you got the half cockpit table which has got lots of room around it I think you could probably get six or seven of you may maybe maybe even eight actually if you tried oh have you seen my socks can you recognize who that is no that is Queen and it says can you read what it says on the bottom we will sock you that is so stupid I've got skin tght jeans on or I need to lose some weight as well um so yeah good size cockpit all teak really really good de equipment as well got the storage there for the ropes and the AF winch and this one's done in a really tasteful gray which never ever ever upsets anyone which is good so let's go and show you the saloon the princess 60 Saloon is beautiful this one's finished in Walnut satin and you've got this little kind of you see this finish you've kind of got this weave finish which is quite nice and really natural neutral colors which the owner specified loads of seating here can you see this seating you could probably get 10 people here you've got the high low TV there um you've got the drinks cabinet here let's have a look at the drinks cabinet oh was say that's got a Fairline glass in it this is a princess all right we'll leave that oh let me show you the heating this boat has got Eis spatcher heating which is really really powerful cuz it's been used in England actually that's the ecture they're both ecture and over here you've got air conditioning and reverse cycle heating as well which is only just been put in in 2022 so that's all brand new so that's really good oh just happened to see this book on the table you see that the cape I don't know how you pronounce It uras by Michael McMullen now the reason I've got that book out is because I'm in it James bark the boat dealer is in this boat and it's available in all good book shops and I don't get any commission for that it's a book okay so we have the the G to starboard but I've got a little trick I want to show you if you just stand back a little bit so you don't see all the mess while I'm cooking I have this electric screener look at that so you if I make loads of mess you can't see what I'm up to and that is what you get when you spend over a million pounds you get a little glass Shield that moves away electrically get you got the extractor you got the hob you got the fridge come and have a look around here you got all the normal gings I like the fact that the mic wave is hidden in there that's a dishwasher I'm not going to open all the cut drawers but I am going to open the fridge because I like it it's got a really big fridge and a nice cutting board and and a lovely din a opposite so you can cook leave that's my notes for later cuz I'm going to tell you about the costings and you can eat straight opposite the galley so all in all pretty cool when this boat was new the first owner specified lots of interesting equipment like it's got a wind system do you see that so he'd always know how um fast the wind was blowing and in which direction this boat has also got fins stabilization which this screen controls here he's also gone for proportional thrusters and what you can't tell by looking at all these buttons but he put a very big transducer in so you get a much clearer echo of the seabed so these are these at the time in 2016 were the best screens rain Marine did and they show the depth of the boat now while we're here cuz you know I like to show you what's all I just want to show you that the P from the princess has fallen off but what's quite nice it is actually stainless steel cuz some of them are plastic but it's actually a proper bit of stainless okay so over by the helm here we've got the rest of the normal gauges this gauge here this is a bonning system which controls all the electrics on the boat so this is what you got over and above the princess 56 the princess 56 has got standard controls but when you went to 60 or above you get the boning control system which is really good and they're very very easy to use but what I also love is you have the shout window which I think we got to test cuz it's quite a nice day oi get the fenders in and it goes all the way down and that's sun shining my face and also if you look over to the port side we've got a window oh it does open we got a window over there too I won't show it all the way down but you've got a nice window there so all in all the lower Helm is is really really good so let's go down below okay so come downstairs and we're going to go to the AR Master cabin so if you follow me now the disappointing thing about this cabin is this is normally where the socks so would go but this customer specified extra storage so we've got a set of drawers on side and we've got a set of drawers on this side so you got loads and loads of storage big wardrobe the light in there lovely TV now let's see if it's got It's got plug sockets either side of the bed which is great and it's got it there and what every princess includes is a vice spring mattress which means you're going to have a great night's sleep now also while we're down here look at the size of the window this is a really big feature of this model the glass is huge now years ago we couldn't put glass as big in boats because it wasn't strong enough but now they've got a structural glass you can have these lovely windows but this is showing the view of our Essex South End on sea base but you can imagine if that was a Blue Sunshine so beach in the media it would be another so coming out of the half bedroom you got some storage under here you've got the bathroom here with a lovely shower and the signature parin and row um sinks and if you poke head around the corner you'll see it's got a really nice tow radiator which we fitted from new and a sliding door then in the well you call this the kind of landing area you've also got a washer dryer made by LG that's more storage this area here then leads onto the day head this is called your dayhe head and it's huge now I haven't got a tow to demonstrate but I can tell you that the floss test it passes with flying colors and look at the shower there's the shower and here's the storage loads of storage really really really good day head so let's go forward to the VIP and you've got a little Dressing Table area here loads of storage here it it went shut that's why it's open TV really good light you've got a sun hatch here which I'll leave shut and these two opening Windows here you got a wardrobe another Vice spring mattress and this the beautiful princess bathrooms which also passes the floss test can you believe it I've turned everything off and now the VHF is going but really really good bathroom so let's go look at the cabin 3 okay so this is cabin 3 and what makes this cabin nice is it's got a beautiful bathroom which is there have a little look now this one does pass the floss test but only just I'll be honest with you but it makes up for it by giving you beds that move together oh go on okay I know it's not the quickest but that makes into a double air conditioning loads of cupboard storage big wardrobe TV it's got everything really nice cabin so let's go and see the fly bridge okay so come up the fly bridge this is the fully convertible version you can have a hard top version uh but this customer always loved the wind and the hair feeling look at the visibility out the front there really nice everything mirrored up here this area here I won't demonstrate it but turns into a suned you've got a barbecue here and I think that's a bin it's a it's actually a another Refrigeration area look at this lovely table and look at the finish on the legs I don't need to clean but you got stainless legs lovely teak top and huge amount of deck space absolutely love this area now one thing princess could brush up on is these areas that are gray are actually painted so you can see there's some Marks here and this is because it's painted on some other manufacturers nowadays like the Squadron 68 I recently did you'll see these are gelcoated isn't how noisy those seagulls are over here here this is sat TV which we don't tend to fit very often these days you've got the Super HD radar and then you'll also see the wind instrument there that I told you about down below that's an active radar reflector so big ships can see you that's the TV mask that looks like something out of Star Trek let me show you wa SEC that's the TV aerial Spotlight nav lights and over the on the other side on the on the starboard side you've got the um GPS antenna got all music up here really really good space it's not a bad day today actually is it it's a bit cold and there's our office there's my office over there look that's where I uh that's where I work sometimes so let's go and do the engine room okay so let's go and have a look at the engine babe before the alarms go off that says it's got low voltage again so come have a look down here oh up there son passes the passes the phone okay so here's the engine bait and this boat is fitted with the Volvo Penta D13 900s which means 13 L each cuz there's two of them as you can see there's the fuel tanks the fire extinguisher system look at all these filters look loads of filters that's the um fuel filters and the extractor fan there you've got a generator there which is an onon about 20 KVA then you got the hydraulic pack which Powers the fins and the thrusters that by the way is an exhaust muffler yes that's one exhaust muffler these engines are allow there's the gearbox and the shaft and a bit better view there it's all very very nice there's some more fuel filters top points princess I nearly forgot but I'm going to show you the crew cabin which is under here and if I go down here and show you there's not a lot to show you but you've got one bed you've got a storage area and you've got a a toilet and a shower which you wouldn't want to use I must say the This Crew cabin is usable unlike the princess S60 or S65 and it's got heating too so this passes but let me get out of here I don't really like crew cabins right right let's do sum okay so now I'm going to go through detailed costs for this boat uh quickly before I do thank you everyone that subscribes to us I'm very very humbled that you choose to watch this channel um if you do like the videos but you're not a subscriber it would make me really happy if you could press that subscribe button on the screen and give me a thumbs up and do ask me questions I do try and answer every question so long as it's not totally silly and there's that alarm again okay let me just turn that off I can do it I can do it turn off and then we can carry on okay right so costs okay the first one we're going to do is fuel so if we assume 20 knots this boat uh does about 30 knots flat out but 20 knots is a good speed it's it's got about 2,800 L capacity fuel tank so at 20 knots these engines will be doing about 1,800 RPM um which uses about 100 L per engine per hour so let's just say 200 L uh per hour the fuel cost in the UK at the moment this is filmed in April 22 is about1 80 per liter so that's about 360b per hour at 20 knots remember in that hour you've done 20 nautical miles and this boat probably weighs 40 tons so I know some people say oh that's a lot of money it is a lot of money but remember this is 40 ton boat it's like moving a house along the sea at 20 mil hour you'd use a lot of fuel if you were doing that um so if the average customer in Europe uses their boat for about 50 hours a year that's 50 engine hours they obviously use it for much more than that because they go somewhere for an hour and then stay there for a few days but 50 engine hours per year is normal and that would give you 50 * £360 which is about £18,000 per year next one is finance cost now I don't normally talk about Finance cost much because some people think it's boring but I will actually explain Finance costs on this boat so this boat is currently for sale with us at on boots.co.uk for1 1.15 million including vat banks will want you to put down about 30% deposit which is about let's call it 350 which means you'd have to finance the difference of 800,000 in the UK we've got a choice of a few Banks and £800,000 would equate to approximately £8,000 per month for your direct debit um that's a mixture of interest and capital repayment um and this is a straight line curve from 800,000 to nor over 10 years so at the end of 10 years you own the boat there's no balloon or anything clever like that this is just straightforward Finance costs so £8,000 uh per month is approximately 96,000 per anom um and of that 96,000 per am perom I've estimated about 60,000 of that is capital and the rest of it is interest so now let's summarize all the costs including the fuel including the finance and all your other normal expenses and we'll put them up on the screen for you so a UK birth for about this size would be about £18,000 per year servicing for these two engines about £6,000 per year and what's funny my finger went across the screen all right uh antifoul anodes polishing and maintenance is about £10,000 per year and then you've got depreciation now you some people include depreciation and some people don't if you do include it I would say this would depreciate in the next 12 months about 50,000 we've already done the fuel which is £18,000 if you used it fully for a year and you've got the finance cost of £96,000 so you add those all together and you're looking about £23,000 per year but the story doesn't end there because although that adds up to a staggering £17,000 a month I would estimate about half of those costs are actual what I call Cash burn costs of owners owning the boat and the other half is money that you're investing into the boat in terms of its capital Etc which you should get back most of it so if you work on the actual cost being about £100,000 a year which in real terms is about eight um 8 10% that kind of money of the uh of the total of the total value so it's quite a lot but insurance insurance I didn't I do insurance oh sorry insurance was £8,000 perom um so that is included by the way in my in my cost sorry about that will pointed out so that is what it cost you to run this boat and I don't think that's too terrible for a boat of this value and the fun you can have on this is immeasurable so hope you enjoyed the video do ask me questions especially about financing and the cost of running a boat because I get asked all the time I'm happy to answer all your questions that's all for now okay so let's go and show you the lower Helm ah

  Top Comments:
  1. @chrisoleary9876 [50 likes]: These vids are absolutely great. Especially considering it's an opinion from a boat marketing industry professional. Anyone in the market for motor yachts will Love it! Thanks!
  2. @Jm-Gonz [2 likes]: On average 15% of the cost of the boat
  3. @ollydearden [1 likes]: Well that’s made my mind up 😂 I’ll just burn pound notes on my wood burner instead.
  4. @haccuk [1 likes]: Does insurance assume that you have a fully qualified person on board when at sea?
  5. @sprkm88 [1 likes]: Why sit on the kitchen worktops when there is a perfectly good comfortable sofa there……I think this man is on the ADHD spectrum
  6. @uygurism [1 likes]: You didnt include marina cost
  7. @RegasRegas003 [1 likes]: Birthday gift yacht or jet ski boat 😅😊
  8. @btng23 [1 likes]: Does this yacht not use a generator? Usually, yachts have two generators, which consume 2 x 100 liters of fuel per day 😁
  9. @gplusgplus2286 [1 likes]: How did you manage to shoot video so washed up?
  10. @jersaunders3538 [1 likes]: I think if you need to ask the cost you can't afford it.
  11. @ashleyhodgman5246 [1 likes]: A very nice boat and i really love your videos. So entertaining. Well done and many thanks. The cost explanation is also brilliant.
  12. @CoolHand273 [1 likes]: You don't invest in a boat. You pay for a boat and eat the depreciation. Also forgot insurance cost as well as repair cost. In the us there is also a personal property tax/registration for boats. Of course you can charter to yourself and try to write everything off as a tax dodge like a Russian oligarch but governments are starting to catch on about that. At the end of 10 years paying off the boat it will be worth $300k at best. This gentleman is a true boat salesman. The only thing attractive here is that the interest rate is only 3.737% but this video came out in 2022.
  13. @garettlinnebank4106 [1 likes]: love that you discuss finance charges.nobody else does
  14. @TheMilford99 [1 likes]: I think the old casino adage applies with boats. The only way to get a boat worth a small fortune, is to have spent a large fortune buying. Something you will never recoup, and i`ve owned 2 smaller one`s.
  15. @TheMilford99 [1 likes]: I`m sure it was a barbecue, the last time i looked  😂
  16. @desmondbello4144 [1 likes]: You struggled a bit trying to get sat at that table 😉😂
  17. @abbasnasir8861 [1 likes]: How much would a Captain and deck hand cost in the Med per year? Thank you
  18. @williamporter2867 [1 likes]: What a fun guy he is great information good humour, for a pom.
  19. @SteveTheWiz [1 likes]: I better get writing that bestseller...
  20. @Pugev: are u fucking  crazy 200 litre/h   .. RUBISH !!!!  NEVER BUY IT

- 2024 Princess X80 'Nonni' | Full Broker Walkthrough with Joe Hill | FOR SALE in Palma, Mallorca: Kind: captions Language: en The Princess X80 quickly made its mark on the marketplace due to its incredible features all within an 80-ft hull and its striking design. This Princess X80, Noni, exemplifies the model and brings it on some. I'm Joe Hill of Princess Motor Yacht Sales. Let's go and have a look. Now, the X80 is all about volume and space and comfort on board and it starts right here in the cockpit. The boat is designed to sleep up to 10 guests in five cabins plus crew. So, each space needs to be large enough to handle the amount of people that may be on board and the cockpit is the starting point. It's a very, very generous space with plenty of seating here. This is one of three dining areas that will easily fit all of the guests on board. It gives easy access on both sides of the seating down to the bathing platform. So, it really is a lovely place to sit that's close to the water and accessible and of course it's the first place that you see when you come on the boat and it is very, very impressive. You've got seamless integration to the interior spaces which of course is vast. This is 82-ft length overall this boat. You must keep remembering that. In here we've got a dining table that drops down to become a coffee table and opens all the way up. Again, seating up to 10 guests on the interior. So, if the weather's becoming a little inclement, you're completely comfortable and you've got gorgeous views out through these absolutely massive windows. The light just pours on in. Another fantastic feature is the fact that the galley will close off. So, if you're really treating your guests and you've got a professional chef working in here, you can have privacy, the chef has his own space, and everybody's having a lovely time and being served perfectly. The galley itself comes from a much bigger boat. In fact, this galley was transposed from the Y85. It's a considerably bigger boat. So, to have this sort of space within a galley on an 80-ft boat again is quite an ask, but it's achieved beautifully. You've got plenty of storage, you've got all of the mod cons including lots of refrigeration, lots of space, dishwashers, professional Miele hobs, and very importantly, an access door for the crew because crew flow is very important. The guests need to feel private, they don't want the the crew interfering in their spaces, and the X80 considers that very nicely indeed. Let's keep moving through to the forward cabin because this is one of the main features of this boat, a very exciting space. Can you imagine coming on board as a guest and knowing that this is going to be your space for a number of days? This is absolutely fantastic. It's got views, panoramic views. It's got its own access door bringing you right onto the fore deck, which gives that little exclusivity that it feels like a private veranda. It really is fantastic. Over on the starboard side, you've got a beautifully appointed bathroom en suite with a proper size shower, overhead rain shower, and again, views to die for. It really is a magnificent space. It might be perceived to be the master cabin, but in fact, it's not the biggest cabin. We still have a larger cabin down on the lower deck with a full beam, which gives a little bit more space, and in practical terms, it might be a better master cabin than this one. But this is beautifully appointed. So, let's go and have a look at that all-important fore deck space. It really is very, very impressive. >> [music] >> Isn't this beautiful? A really, really important space on the boat, of course, because look at the privacy you're given. When you're in the harbor here, this is really private. And also, you get to see all of the action, all of the activity, the boats coming and going. And just picture yourself at anchor here. This is where you get the breeze, and it's lovely and cool, and you've got all of the visibility. It's a super, super spot, and of course, that little air of exclusivity coming from the VIP cabin on the main deck. Just look at these side decks. You've got sturdy hand holds, loads of space, no twisting to the side to get down through these spaces. >> All right, we're on our way down to see all of the cabins, but I just wanted to show you very quickly this day heads. It is absolutely exquisite and has an unbeatable view. So, it really is making everything very nice for the all of the guests, the day guests. Let's go and have a look downstairs. So, when you come down to this lower deck level, the first thing that strikes you is this fantastic lobby area. Light pours down from the hallway of from the windows on the main deck level, and it just feels really spacious. Of course, you've got some trickery with mirrors, which open up the volume a little bit more, but it really is very spacious. The master cabin, sitting utilizing the full beam, sitting further after in the boat, is very cleverly positioned because the engine space, of course, is after of the en suite. So, you've got this very clever bit of buffering in terms of noises, and actually it is so silent in here. It's really silent. The finish is everywhere to be seen. I mean, Princess have moved towards all of this beautiful hand finished curved wood, molded wood. So, it it it's not easy to build, but you can really see the difference in the detail. And the pallet choice in this boat is really exquisite. They've gone with the walnut satin against a an off-white pallet, so it gives it loads of contrast, holds the richness, and just feels so luxurious and warm. It's beautiful space. We've got a stunning almost full width en suite in here with a stand-up shower, twin sinks, and a loo, of course. And then over the other side, we've got a a dressing room. The storage is everywhere. So, the master cabin, you're not really missing a a trick at all in here. It's absolutely beautiful. Let's move forward to the VIP cabin. We'll come back to these these two guest cabins here. This VIP cabin really wants for nothing. The space is fantastic. It really is. It utilizes a huge amount of beam given that we're so far forward in the hull. And actually, it does that without taking away any of the performance of the hull. These Olesinski hulls are designed to perfection, and this one's no different. So, although you've got this beam coming all the way forward, the boat is still plowing along at up to 32 knots. It's very, very impressive. >> But, the space in here allows for loads of storage. You've got plenty of space. You've got easy access in and out of the full-size bed. Again, more storage, a dresser, and then access to a really comfortable and sizeable en suite. So, moving aft again from the glorious VIP cabin, on the port side, we've got a twin cabin. And of course, those two twin beds come together electrically to create a double. So, it's lovely and versatile and supple. It's got a glorious en suite. Really spacious en suite given the cabin. And then on the starboard side, we've got a fixed double guest cabin again with its own en suite and lovely light coming into those cabins. [music] Really, really spacious. >> So, having been through all of the guest accommodation, let's go and have a look at the second saloon, or the sky lounge as it's called. This is incredible. So, of course, this space on the X80 is the game changer, really. You know, this was one of the first boats to come out into the marketplace that had a sky deck saloon on an 80-ft hull. And it really is fantastic. I mean, can you imagine having a full boat? You've got 10 guests on board. Suddenly, it becomes important to have that separation. And this boat does it really, really well. So, with the second saloon, you could have the kids up here watching a movie while the adults are downstairs having some post-dinner drinks and just relaxing in their own And to go with that, the outside spaces are considered in the same way. So, actually, throughout the boat, you've got four exterior spaces, two at the bow and two at the stern. So, let's have a look at the bow space first, and we'll come back in here and have a look at the helm station. So, the upper flybridge forward deck, it really is it's a magnificent space, and it's so cleverly conceived. It's got this lovely visibility. It's private, again, so when you're stern to like this in the med, you don't get the the all of the people looking in on top of you. These two little seats will drop down and become sun pads, so you could be relaxing up here for the day and and just be in peace and tranquility. And you get the breeze, of course, at anchor. So, it's a lovely lovely spot. In practical terms, you've got a nice big bit of storage here. There's a little bit of storage down the port side. And in here, you've even got your own drinks fridge. It's fantastic. Just moving on from that on the practical side of things, the maneuverability of this boat, of course, is a consideration because there's a lot of volume in the boat. And from the captain's standpoint, being able to comfortably maneuver is really important. So, from this stage, this area, I can see the whole way down the side of the boat. So, it's a perfect position to have the third station. Let's go and have a look at the main console inside the bridge. So, this bridge is is that of a much larger yacht. Seems to be a bit of a theme with the X80. Everything seems to be coming down from much bigger boats. In fact, we've had people say that it feels akin to walking onto a 30-m rather than an 80-ft boat, which might be a bit of a push, but it really is extraordinary. One of the features that comes down from those bigger boats is this bridge area. It really does feel like something special. It almost feels a touch commercial, but it's way too luxurious for that. This boat's been fitted with everything that you need, including three MFDs from Raymarine. So, you've got all of your navigation, all of your radar, all everything that you need to get you to the port safely is coming up in great big displays. And then, of course, you've got the bonding system, which houses all of the the electronics that that make the boat work, whether it be lighting or air conditioning or tanks or engine monitoring, everything comes through this system. And what that means is you've got a lovely clean, clear workspace. It's not loaded up with switches and difficulties. It's lovely and clean and clear and beautifully designed and very ergonomic. Of course, this whole space closes off with two sliding doors. And again, that's giving you privacy, giving the guest privacy, and giving the crew privacy because a happy crew is a happy boat. So, this boat does that very well. The flow of the crew, we touched on it earlier on, is really, really important. And that goes the whole way into the crew cabin, also. On this particular boat, you've got two separate cabins. On the starboard side, you've got a a bunk cabin sleeping up to two. And on the port side, you've got a single cabin, which of course is for the captain. But this very important area also incorporates a small crew mess with a fully functional galley. So, you can sit in there as a crew team and be comfortable, private, and away from the guests. It's very cleverly designed. So, moving aft, the aft fly deck is really the exterior hub on the X80. And you can see why. This beautiful square dining table that really feels like a feature on on the on the yacht. And it will take, of course, up to 10 guests sitting very, very comfortable on this absolutely fantastic deck area. You can just see how this lends itself to to socializing so well. In fact, it's designed so that this sofa here will swivel around and face into the table so that you've got one big social space rather than a division. And you've got this lovely L-shaped sofa over on the starboard side, which there couldn't be a nicer place just to lounge. and you can convert that into a into a full sun pad, should you wish. This boat has been littered with fridges. We've got refrigeration in here for nice cold drinks. We've got more refrigeration in here. You've got everything that you expect to see here, including the griddle and the sink. And of course, you've got loads of storage between these two units here. It's worth mentioning also that this table will leaf in, rotate through 45° and drop down electrically so that you can again, you make the space more relaxed, more social. What a lovely environment to to party. [music] >> So, in the design and build of this particular X80, nothing has been spared. Noni has the five cabins. She has the largest engine option. She's fitted with the richest materials. But one special thing about Noni is the extent of which she's been maintained. The captain's diligence is everywhere to be seen. This boat is in truly extraordinary condition. She's run 280 engine hours. The tender has just 16 hours on it. That's a a Williams 395, 16 hours. >> So, the amount of use the boat has had has been very limited. In fact, she was delivered in very late 2024, arriving onto the island of Mallorca in early 2025. So, she's only done the season of 2025. And it's it's to be seen everywhere. The boat is presented like new, has come through all of her warranty. So, she really is an exceptional ready boat. And whoever steps aboard will not be disappointed. She's available for immediate down in Mallorca. And in order to see the price, just jump onto our website. Have a good look at our virtual tour. Ask us for additional photographs. We'll be very happy to give you more information. So, please do get in touch.

  Top Comments:
  1. @alisavas9526 [1 likes]: Beautiful 🤩
  2. @elvisstridiron3399: Do they still make the Y 85?

- Episode 1: A Founder’s Story - 60 Years of Distinction in Detail series: Kind: captions Language: en myself and a friend were both in the Navy but we didn't really see a future for ourselves in the Navy we'd had a a lovely holiday on the north of broads and we thought well what a good idea to uh charter boats out from Plymouth so then we went around looking for a boat of around 30t to buy and we were horrified by the price of boats we thought well we can build one for much less than than this uh there was there was a house on Newport Street which is on Stonehurst Creek and it had been used for sulfur phosphates fertilizers in other words the first thing we had to do because the walls were all covered in Sulfur phosphates the first thing we had to do was wash the walls down so our F first purchase in' 65 as a company was actually to buy a barrel of beer a furkin of Ale actually 72 pints um and get the local fire brigade to come down and wash off the wash off the walls on a Sunday so we we bought in a set of moldings we bought a hull in a deck I installed the engine and we fitted it out we called it project 31 we were very enthusiastic so we were halfway through fitting it out we thought are we quite so sure that this chartering of boats is going to work around Plymouth because the weather is just so unpredictable what happens if somebody drives it around to sucom and then there's uh bad weather Etc the next Charter it comes along and the boat isn't here it's stuck in suum it's not quite like the nor broads and so we thought well it's not going to work is it here we are we we're leaving the Navy or left the Navy and um we're involved in in a project that is probably not going to work out very well so we thought well we better sell the boat I I I i' got to hear of a gentleman in Cornwall and he was interested in buying the boat took him out for a run on the boat because by then it must have been around July August and we actually uh he bought the boat bought the boat for £3,400 we thought it had cost us £2,400 to build it at that point uh so we had a party after the party we thought we better find out what it really cost us and we then discovered it actually cost us £ 3,460 but by that time we'd actually sold two more boats so we realized there was a future in it and so we became a boat builder it's like being on the crust of a w ear

  Top Comments:
  1. @asbrunskill [2 likes]: DSK - Legend 🐐🔥
  2. @cliffordcullen [2 likes]: Marine Projects was a brilliant company to work for, I was one of the first apprentices and loved every day learning more and more. The management team were a pleasure to work with and so clever. Been a few changes along the way and a lot of funny stories and experiences.
  3. @paroladamoreministries4995: This is an incredible, awesome, British historical boat-building story of a unified trinity friendship of three dedicated pioneering gentlemen who loved boats and the sea. That saw their "Princess" boat dreams, their goals, their visions become a reality over 60 years ago, and now has gone on to become a successful boat-building manufacturering yard of outstanding architects & designers producing beautiful superyacht award-winning  models every year! Princess Boats are crown jewels - always loved their fantastic logo! God bless, and ciao from Italy 🇮🇹 xxx

- ⁠The Real Cost of Owning a Princess V62 S - Full Breakdown & Tour: Kind: captions Language: en Today, we have a 2014 Princess V62 S. As you can see, it's a very pretty boat and it's got gray gelcoat. And what's also interesting, we've managed to find a V62 so we've parked that next to it and that's a 2010. So, we'll point out a couple of differences, but mainly this video is about the V62 S, which is actually quite a rare beast. We're also going to give you full costing analysis and how much fuel this thing drinks cuz it drinks a lot. It's got twin Caterpillar diesels which knock out ridiculous horsepower, which I'll go through in detail. So, we're going to do a full tour, full review, full costings. We're doing the works. Right, so this is the V62 S and this is the V62. A lot of people think that the S on the V62 S means sport. But actually, it was just, as I'm told, a letter to distinguish it from its predecessor. And actually, it was more about the windows. On the V62 S, it's got the new big teardrop style window down the side. And then if you come over to the V62, we have got the more traditional vertical slat windows. I must say, I think they both look good, but I think the V62 S pips it. So, we're in sunny Essex Marina today, Carl, aren't we? And over there you can see our office. So, I couldn't park this boat closer than this cuz it wouldn't fit in that pontoon. I'm going to go straight to the saloon and we'll do the garage and platform last. So, the cockpit on this boat is huge, as you can see. I reckon you could sit eight people around here. But the beauty of this boat is the massive sun pad. Have a look at that sun pad, Carl. Why people buy the V models, the Targa models, the S models, the Phantom models, is because you've got the garage underneath with the lovely sunbathing on top and it's super super sociable. You've got grab rails all round. You've got barbecue here and a sink. There's probably an ice maker in here. Where's the bin? Where's it? No ice maker. Result. And we've got I just got a nice fridge there. But there's a a lot of space here and the door, as you can see, opens up to give you a massive entrance. I mean, I'm massive. And look, you can certainly get three or four of me through this gap if you want to. Before we go inside, on the V62 S, you see the back is curved on the sun pad. And on the V62, the older one, the 2010, you can see it's more squared off. But they're both very very nice. Into the saloon. So, huge cockpit, the saloon is slightly smaller than the cockpit, I would say, but you've still got plenty of seating. Now, this boat had some Sea Tag works done to her a couple of years ago. Didn't have the whole Sea Tag treatment, but it had I'd call it a Sea Tech facelift. Do you know what it is, Carl? Yeah. It's like a bit of a >> bit of a nip and tuck. A bit of a nip and tuck, yeah. Not the full shebang, just a little bit of >> light work. And a bit of light work that people then deny. Yeah. Yeah, no, I didn't do anything to it. It's looked like this from new. I've always It's always looked this good. It's not ostentatious. It's gentle. It doesn't notice. Um cabinetry is stunning. Have a look at this woodwork. You've got gloss woodwork. You've got the leather stitching, the leather-faced panels. To be fair, that actually could be Sea Tag. I'm just thinking cuz I can't remember seeing light stitch panels. That could be a Sea Tag lift. But anyway, the craftsmanship on here, whether it's Sea Tag or Princess, is very very nice. Hi-lo TV. This boat is unusual because it has air conditioning and heating. Um it's a UK VAT paid boat and it has been used abroad. So, I'll have to double-check, but I think it might have dual status, which is quite handy. So, it can go abroad. Um lovely little round table, nice comfortable carpet. We've got some cupboards. I won't go through them all, but you've got stereo systems and uh various lockers that will have loads of remote controls in it and all the other bits and pieces. Not too sure about these little Bosey speakers, Carl. Are you? Mm, a little bit unsightly. Yeah, maybe maybe a few years ago that may have been the in thing, but may I think I might lose those if I bought this boat. Okay, over to the helm. Got two massive helm seats and an absolutely flawless cockpit here with everything laid out beautifully. And Carl, if you look over my shoulder, obviously, these screens have been updated in the last couple of years, but just look at the visibility out that windscreen. I can see absolutely everything that I'm about to hit. We've got the lovely CAT controls, which I think, if you have a look at the controls, Carl, I think they're quite retro-looking, don't you? They're quite retro-looking. You've got the VHF down here. We've got a remote control here and we've got a shower window and we're going to see, firstly, if it works. It works. And it's slow, like they all are. And we are going to do something that's very very important. Oi, get the fenders in. That I think actually that has to win the award as the best window ever, doesn't it, Carl? And you know what's really good? You've got another one that side that side, Sam. You see it over there? Just see it, yeah. Yeah. So, that goes back up there. We've got proportional thrusters, which have been added. Now, I'll tell you a little bit about the history on these boats, shall I? So, Princess made the V62 S from 2013 to 2017. Um and it it took over from the V62 and the S was just to denote it from the previous model, as I said earlier. But also, what's really attractive about this boat is it's very powerful, as I said, and it's shaft drive. So, it's got great seakeeping and great speed. So, it's a very very comfortable boat to do long voyages on. The only real issue is it loves a drop of juice. So, we will go back to that and tell you about that at the end. So, before we go downstairs to show you the layout downstairs, we have to look at the socks. I've got some nautical socks on today. What are they, Carl? Do you know what they are? Uh ensigns. >> They are ensigns. That is the correct word. They're ensigns. So, they're not too stupid. Actually, one customer sent me some Loch Ness Monster socks, so I'll wear those. Actually, gave them to me at the boat show. I'll wear those on the next one. And one more thing I've just noticed, um this boat is fitted with curtains, which again just shows you the age, cuz in 2014 that was the rage, but in 2025 and 2026, people would expect blinds. So, as we walk downstairs, got all this lovely natural light that comes from this GRP hardtop, which has got the built-in glazing panels. So, actually here it feels really light and spacious. Um lots and lots of natural light, so you don't need loads of light. So, down the stairs and we have got the galley and the dinette. over here we've got a dinette that will probably seat, I would say, six at a push. It's got a TV opposite. Can I have a little look, Carl? TV opposite there, which is quite nicely done. That definitely looks like Sea Tag. Um and then we've got a drinks cabinet here for your glasses and what have you. More storage there. I love these little stools. Now, I remember supplying these to customers in the past and they're eye-watering. And actually, nice detail, Carl, this little recess there. Can you see it's curved? So, the seat goes in that nice little diddy little cup cup holder. That's nice, isn't it? Okay, so into the galley. Actually, the galley, if you think this boat is 2014, we're 10 11 years old, I think it looks really good. So, we've got a dishwasher here, which will be a waste of time. Um an oven and microwave hob. Nice It's kind of dual sinks, but smaller sink there. Big fridge, which we've got some lots of water very different waters in. I mean, we've got one beer in there. Got high-level cabinets up here with all the different bits and pieces. One of these will have cutlery in there. Quite nice. Let's have a look at the cutlery. Let's have a look. Is it nice? David Miller. Isn't David Miller an MP? Or was he an MP? Do you remember? Anyway, David Miller makes this cutlery. No, I'm only kidding. I know it's quality cutlery. I'm just joking with you. Um and we've got a storage in the floor, but you can see, wooden floor, lots and lots of space. Quite practical cuz you can go straight up into the saloon right opposite the dinette. It's all quite nice. Right, so let's go and see the master. Got a little cupboard here. What else is going in there? It's a wardrobe. We have got a sock sofa, which absolutely works beautifully. The reason you can't see through its window is cuz we're part of the V62 alongside and you can see those windows on the old boat. Carl's made the bed. I don't think he made a lot of effort on the bed, Carl. Uh yeah, it's Yeah, it's a It's better than at home. half job. We've got power sockets here, which is a plus for Princess cuz they don't always do that. Nice wall light, nice feature wall here. This definitely looks like C-Teak, wouldn't you agree? Um I think it's pretty much C-Teak stuff. A little bit dusting required there. Opening porthole. Lovely wall finishes, more storage, TV that no one ever watches, and we've got a little dressing table here. Uh which is fine. It's quite nicely finished. Carpet's nice, isn't it? Really nice bulkhead details. And then in here, we will have the bathroom. So, I I do love these um black floors. What do you think, Carl? They yes, they are. I mean, it's a little bit chilly today, I must say. >> Yeah. In the Med, it'd be nice to have In the Med, it'd be nice. Um have a look, we've got a heated towel rail. We've got a nice shower. And I haven't got a towel to do the floss test, but I can tell you it just passes. And it's interesting because it's got the old kind of fashion sinks, which actually have started to come back again. Nice porthole. Storage up here for your bits and pieces. The master en suite is absolutely fine. Just before we leave the master, we do have a washer dryer, which is a bash. Okay, so we're walking through the dinette. We've got the day head here, which stick head in, Carl, is a good size toilet, much bigger shower. It's much bigger than the en suite. So, this is where all the other guests use the bathroom. This boat is a two heads three cabin boat, Jack and Jill door. This is the second cabin, which we call the VIP. Don't worry, I'll include some pillows if you buy it. How much is that for, Carl? Is it 995? Just under a million. 999. 999. All right, 999. Little vanity unit there. See that? Air conditioning, heating. Big wardrobe. This is definitely C-Teak. It's got C-Teak written all over that. That's quite a nice finish. Big wardrobe. Big bed, nice reading lamps. If I was being honest, I'd quite like another couple little feature lamps there, but I'm sure that can be added. VIP cabin is very nice. Right, so two cabin three through back aft through the dinette and into the twin. And if you stick your head in there, Carl, we've got the infill cushions to make it into a big double. We've got a wardrobe, two reading lights, two windows, and actually very good headroom. In fact, I'll show the headroom. Just um let me get in there. I'm 6 ft 1, probably shrinking now, but look, you can see I've got plenty of room, so it feels really really spacious. So, really well done, Princess. Really nice twin cabin. By the way, this is the one of the first videos we've filmed on our new iPhone 17. So, let us know if the video looks crisper, makes me look better, and um overall gives a better experience or worse. It it certainly certainly looks okay to us. Right, back out into the cockpit. We've got a transom gate here. We've got the controls here for the passerelle, the high-low platform, and I think the aft sunshade. But, I want to show you we've got a crew cabin here, which you would never ever want to stay in. So, have a little peek down there, Carl. Just put the camera down there. That is a single berth, and you would not want to be in there ever. I would suggest use that as a wine storage. But, it's got a little window, so you know if it's daylight or not. Massive sun pad, as I said. But, what people love about these boats in the Med is you've got this huge high-low platform, and you've got a garage there that can take a big Williams, probably a 325. And you can see, if you just flick across to the don't fall in, Carl onto the V62 from 2010, they're very very similar at the back. The The garage on this one is a bit more rounded, and this one's a bit squarer on the 2010. And here you can see the gel the gelcoat. And there's where the passerelle comes out. And you've got the aft winches on both of them, etc. This boat it really is suited um for the Med or warmer um countries. Having said that, it's getting warmer here, isn't it? I mean, this summer's been lovely here. So, you know, if you want to use this on the South Coast or Scotland, then it's up to you. So, let's go and have a look at the engine bay. Okay, here's the engine bay. I'm not going to get right down there. Just going to show you. You've got the CAT C18 ACERT shaft drive. There they are. There's a big generator down there, too. Big fire extinguisher. It's all beautifully made and insulated as all um Princess models are. And I will tell you how much fuel it drinks in a second. So, we're now going to go through the costs, which Carl has helped me with today cuz it's really really time-consuming. So, this boat is up for 999950. So, it's just under a million pounds. If you bought it with a bank loan, they would want to see just under 300,000 pounds deposit. The finance advance would just be under 700,000. And the payment per month would be 6,888 pounds. That's on a um a straight-line repayment at about 8.86% APR, which is quite common if you have a reasonable credit um facility. So, the finance per annum is 82,000 656 pounds. Um but that, as I said, includes an awful lot of capital. Right, section two is fuel. So, if we go 25 knots, remember this boat will do up to 37 knots. So, it's really fast. The fuel burn at 25 knots is approximately 400 L an hour. The diesel fuel price October-November 25 is 1.55 a liter. The cost per hour is therefore 620 pounds for this boat. If we do average use of 50 hours a year, you're going to be using 20 to 25 to 30,000 pounds worth of use of a fuel per year if you're doing the 50 hours. So, this is a really juicy beast, but I'll tell you one thing. Now, I'll tell you a few things. One, you're going to smile. Two, you're not going to feel feel seasick. And three, you're going to have the time of your life. I what I would say to you is if you're going to buy this boat, you need to go and earn some more money. Okay, section three, fixed costs. So, berth in the UK is about 22,000 pounds. Servicing, you've got two engines and two um uh cutlass bearings, etc. So, about 22 uh sorry, 8,000 pounds a year for servicing. Maintenance, polishing, antifouling, anodes, about 6,000 pounds. Insurance, depending on how good a driver you are, is about 4 1/2 grand. If it was Carl, you're a bit of a learner, aren't you, Carl? You haven't bashed one yet, have you? >> grand. You'd be at 10 grand if you were Carl. Anyway, based on 4 1/2 grand, insurance is about 40,500 pounds per year in fixed costs. Section four is variable costs. Now, depreciation is always really difficult because we've got this boat up for 995. Um it's been C-Teaked. It's got a Seakeeper. It's got all the bells and whistles that you expect on a boat like this. Um and this boat new would have been about a million pounds in 2014. So, we're now 2025, and it's still worth about a million pounds. Even if someone gives you an offer, it's not off far off a million pounds. I've put depreciation at 50,000 just because that's probably realistic, but you may well end up not losing anything or losing a bit more, but it's that kind of number. Fuel, well, we did that. That was 31,000. And then we did the finance, which is 82 grandish. So, we've got total variable costs of about 163,000 pounds per year. Okay, JB's measure of pleasure. Accommodation, well, three cabin, two heads, crew cabin. It's ticks a lot of boxes. So, I'm going to go eight out of 10 accommodation. Style, well, we'll show you um some drone footage of us playing around with the boat on the river here in Essex. I think it's a very good-looking boat. I think all V stroke target style boats are very pretty. So, nine out of 10 for style. Well, this one's probably a bit tricky, the fun one, but I've decided to give it 10 out of 10 for fun because to have a boat that weighs probably 35 tons doing 37 knots is absolutely astounding. Um and you can see by some of the uh drone footage we we took on the river with the boats boat splashing around. It really is a big lump to be thrown around, but it really makes you grin. So, I'm going to give it 10 out of 10 for fun. Running costs, well, you know, if you buy a million pound boat, you've got to get used to the running costs. Eight out of 10, they're quite normal. The fuel is on the higher side for the reasons I gave you. Quality, well, Princess quality is legendary as we know, like it is with Fairline and Princess and Sanlorenzo and Sunseeker and what have you. So, the quality is nine out of 10. It's been lifted by C-Tech and I do like what they've done. So, our total score is 44 out of 50, which is about 88%. So, actually, that's quite a high rating for a boat of this age. This boat is for sale on our website and all the questions that you're going to ask me, like how many hours it's done and has it got this and has it got that? Yes, it probably has. It has got a fresh water maker. It's got all kinds of other extras. All those specifications are all on our website and we'll put the link in the description, boats.co.uk. And this boat um is available to buy at our Essex HQ, which is near London, with loads of airports you can fly into and we can ship anywhere in the world. Hey Carl, let's see what's in the fridge. Look, we've got some juice here, Innocent. Oh, it's in French. I don't even know. Jus pressé ananas fraise et pomme. That's pineapple, strawberries and pomme is apple, yeah? Who'd have thought they'd left us a bottle of Pouilly Fumé or something, wouldn't you? I mean, who wants to drink that concoction? Have you ever seen that? Pineapple, apple and no wonder they haven't drunk it. Left it on board. I think we'll get rid of that. We'll take that off with us. Give it to one of the lads in the office as a prank, yeah? [Laughter]

  Top Comments:
  1. @paulholdsworth7501 [3 likes]: The individual that did this video you do not "park" a boat, may sound very good to the home counties brigade but obviously shows no "knowledge " on this basis just don't trust anyrhing that this idiot says!!!???
  2. @gopher1471 [3 likes]: I would take the V62 as it's far more affordable and almost identical but with twin MTU's, seriously nice....  :)
  3. @Phil-PF62 [3 likes]: Haven't watched for a long time but have to say you haven't lost it, still entertaining. Good socks. as usual.
  4. @Sargonnas-YT [2 likes]: That crew 'cabin' looks more like a dungeon for unwelcome guests to me. In medieval times, something like that was called an oubliette 😁
  5. @TheMickybutler [2 likes]: What a boat! I enjoy your videos, but this boat is about 900K+ over my stretched target. I'll try to earn more as you suggested😂. Might take a while , so in the meantime, any chance of doing a video about financing older boats, as it's a real struggle for long term loans on boats 20+years old. Thanks.
  6. @Glenn-n3v [1 likes]: Great tour as always.
  7. @Turn12335 [1 likes]: Hi James. When acting as a broker between 2 sets of customers,  do you have any legal comeback if anything goes wrong? 

Does the consumer rights act 2015 apply to your "sales"
  8. @JuanFelipeMejiaAgudelo [1 likes]: "A little bit of light work that people then deny" 😂😂😂
  9. @Yorkshiremadmick [1 likes]: You come over as a very gay old chap. Feel sorry for Carl (Karl)
  10. @davebuckman8841 [1 likes]: The boat next door "escape" was the one nick the aqua man fell in love with at port solet a couple of years ago.
  11. @GuruMarcus [1 likes]: As a boating beginner, is it difficult to park? 🤣🤣🤣
  12. @ellisdavid1987 [1 likes]: Fantastic looking boat! Out of curiosity on a boat of this calibre, what % of people would be buying this on the 8.9% boat finance you mentioned?
  13. @colingrant321 [1 likes]: 400Lt/hr at 25 kts. How much at 37 kts?
  14. @Phlegmington_Spa [1 likes]: Cost £1m in 2014.
You said it depreciates about £50k a year.
You're currently selling it for nearly £1m.
What am I missing?
How much did you pick it up for and what profit are you making?
  15. @Phlegmington_Spa [1 likes]: You look like Joe 90 in those glasses.
Did you look in the mirror before you bought them?
  16. @petersmith6794 [1 likes]: The V62 was down in Port Solent , as you can see on the lettering. It's now for sale in Ipswich. Both of these boats are stunning...
  17. @WJW2272 [1 likes]: Beautiful ship, nice toilet, nice kitchen,lovely bedrooms, decent appreciation, great review,nsplendid frontage and MAGNIFICENT FARKING PARKING!!!!! Hopefully ive used the correct terminology .🇬🇧❤🇬🇧❤🇬🇧
  18. @Fractal379 [1 likes]: Good review! But there's nothing wrong with drinking the juice of pineapples , strawberries & apples 🙃
  19. @robertovers1863 [1 likes]: its pronounced bose, the same as rose ! and buy a new top that must have fitted you about 20 years ago
  20. @alanhend2722 [1 likes]: Superb presentation

- Superyacht designers reveal how they use space in unexpected ways | Beyond the Blueprint: Kind: captions Language: en On this episode of Beyond the Blueprint: designing the ultimate owners retreat. At an unexpected spot. Here we have the layout. The space itself feels like a cathedral. It’s so huge, it’s really beautiful. Quite inspirational. Think we can work with that. -I think we can. Two yacht designers. It’s such a clever use of space. Countless breath taking features.. Exactly what our owners are looking for. That feeling of James Bond is somehting we can use on our yacht. One ultimate design challenge. What do you think about that? -I really would like to do that. And this wine cellar is completely private. This is Beyond the Blueprint. Jan, big challenge. -Matt. Clients are always asking for privatised owners deck areas. But it’s also, still, flexible and socialble with other guests on the boat. One of the challenges we would like to set for you, is to create an exciting owners deck. But then still being able to detach away. But also then meet guests and friends and family. I have kind of an idea. I have to sketch it out. I’m thinking of a two story owners cabin. And then the deck is above. For instance this is a private lounge or private observation. And this area could be either an office or a tv-room. Something you can share. So this you can then close off here. Is this quite normal for owners to have a duplex kind of setup. No, definetly not. Most of our owners are asking, you know they like to have seats in the wheelhouse. So they like to see the boat under way. Yeah, and you make it part of the owners area. That makes it more special. And I feel that we can close it off here and there. And here, to make it flexible. So we have this forward facing owners cabin and we have an extended owners cabin which can be flexibly used. What are the ways that we can utilize those kind of complex spaces. One of the things that we sometimes do is to have a pool with a raising floor. So in one moment it’s a floor and the next moment we lower the floor by using a lift system. And you have a full pool where you can swim in. I’m also thinking about beach clubs which we convert into cinemas. So you can make the room very easily dark by pulling the hatches up. And then let the screen down and you have quite a good cinema actually. So these are all quite modern solutions. I think it’s a good idea to look at an older boat in the south of France, to see how our predecessors did this. It sounds like you’ve got one in mind. I’ve got just the one. Wow, look at this. So Matt, we’re now on a little bit older Feadship. This one is from 1991 and had a very specific client request that he should also be able to sail the boat himself. Firstly, we normally try to keep our clients out of here. But secondly, it’s nice to have a really personalised detail incorporated in the design. Now I did hear that there were a vew design challenges when making this. The owner wanted to sail the boat himself. And to do that we had to make it a comfortable size, but then again we also want to make it feel spacious on the inside. So to create this very spacious feel, our predecessors really had to push some boundries. So this is designed by Frits de Voogt, so he was the son of the founding father of de Voogt: Henri de Voogt. And what you see here is just an amazing clever use of space. And what you can immediately see is that this layout just leaves room for space. You can see the large volumes of natural light coming in. Yeah you see this and you see that this wall is rounded, so we have more light coming in from those windows. And that really works, and the same with the galley where this is rounded. So when you enter it feels open. What’s a special feature about this boat. What stands out. Yeah, most definetly the staircase. This is a full two story ceiling so when you go down here, the space itself feels like a cathedral. So you can really see how much use of the space has been made here by just using the entire volume of the deck above. For this cathedral like staircase. It’s really beautiful. Who knew this was hidden inside of here, that’s the main thing. It’s such a clever use of space. And the dedication also, to make it look this big is really nice. And the detailing with the wood. Vertical striping The hand carved beads on the railing really stress out the height as well. So it’s really, yeah, quite inspirational. Think we can work with that? -I think we can. I think we need to get back to the studio. So Jan, actually super impressive what we saw back in the south of France. Do see a sketch here? Before we went to France we discussed something. That we wanted to have this owners area, which is here. And then make a duplex out of it. But to be able to do that on this size boat, of couse we have to make an alteration. So we introduced a command center Which we pushed down from that level. Tell us a little bit more about the conceiled command center. With the wheelhouses we notice that visibility is a thing. So we’re thinking about extending the view gate using cameras. And having an all around global view outward. That’s what it is actually. Enhancing the experience. You obviously see the wheelhouses, they obviously take a lot of the prime real estate. Yeah, so that’s what we then, now exchange a bit. And we can put it here and I think think we can even make the overview even greater by the use of cameras and outboard stearing positions. Wauw, that’s beautiful. This command center is a different way of using space. And sometimes we do the same with bow observations. We create a space in the bow in front of the mooring arrangements. It’s another clever use of space. If you have a very narrow hull, you can push the anchor equipment a little bit back. It creates more of a seating area. Beautiful, wauw. -Yeah. Yeah, I want to show you a little bit more. This is actually what happens. -Oh wow. This is the command center. So this is owners and this is owners. And this is the part which you can close off here, or close off here and here. To be able to have flexible use. So you can either incorporate it fully with the owner or make it flexible and get guest in here. But obviously this ties in quite nicely with, you know a lot of our, kind of client requests, is that they like to sit and actually watch the boat on the move as well. So this is the two story floor. So this is the second layer and this is the first layer. So you can really see that kind of transition into that space? So this glass is two stories tall -Oh beautiful. Wow. And then we made a balcony here. So this is a balcony port. This is a hidden door. So this is a secret bookshelf door which moves away. More secret doors! -And then you can get up. So that’s also a way to make those two spaces closed off or make it fully open and part of the owners estate room. And this is the other door, which you could close off if you want to use both spaces. The office part or this could be a tv room with the observational bit here. So this seems to be quite well thought out. Is there an inkling wether we might see this in the future? The conceiled commanc center? If you really want to know, then you just have to keep an eye on us and find out. Oh god, so many myseries.

  Top Comments:
  1. @namiqeliyev5888: ❤
  2. @454FatJack: Quest come from aft. Usually tender,ok. How they luggage is managed? Carry step’s to second deck and then 🛒pulled on teak deck/silk carpet’s  banging corner’s etc. Elevator’s usually one man tube. Why not room for 2+ luggage.

Limo tender’s where is the luggage? Another barge?
  3. @freekslooptalles1: Again an amazing video!

- Around the world with Double Haven - A journey of a lifetime: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Prior to building the Fedship, I had built a vessel before called Westw. And in doing so, I learned how incredibly important it was to make sure that should we wish to build that we were going to have to develop a package of instructions which left no doubt as to what we wanted in our new vessel. What was unique with Fenship was that Fenship was very much engaged in communicating with us what we could do, should do, or may not wish to do. This was very helpful uh because it addressed the building standards. It also addressed a lot of the security issues that we had. We did have a lot of unique and actually different types of requirements that were not typical design. One of them was the vertical windows in both the bridge and also our stateroom. Another was that we wanted to have a private apartment on the upper deck which was a first for Fedship to develop. uh there were needless to say some architectural issues and some engineering issues which needed to be addressed and this this was done professionally and I think we got a very good package as to to suit our particular needs. So we have been quite pleased with uh Fedship's ability to met uh the requirements which were unique at the time. What was very important for us is the vessel was built for Pacific sailing, Pacific Ocean sailing, long distances. So, we had to accommodate that. We had to accommodate um serious anchorage, right? Which meant both chain and lockers and setup for that. There's not any vessel that would be able to sustain the kind of sailing that we have done in the past. Um, but both in style and and security. So, it's been great. Also, we had specific um criteria for the noise level. They have really delivered on that. So, it's very quiet vessel and you don't hear anything from room. You don't hear the engine. You don't need it. It's very, very silent, very quiet. And it was a requirement. So, the vessel has been all over the world. Uh, so you could call it an explorer, I guess, from that perspective. And I have to say just to add one thing is that when you're in these remote areas, uh there's no assurance that something is not going wrong. You know, there's always something that can happen. But Fedship has always been there for us. I mean, when we need a spare part or we need or there's a problem, whatever, uh because Fedship built it and Fedship had all the plans, etc., uh we could reach out to them quite quickly. They knew exactly what the situation was. And if they did not have or if they were not able to help us, they knew who could. And so this was incredibly helpful. I enjoyed the two Chimu Islands next to Boraora. Yeah, they were amazing dives there. We love everything. If we're going diving, we have our favorite. If we're going exploring the country, we have a different favorite. If we are visiting family or friends or depends what our activity is, that is where we like to be. And so over the last 30 years, we did it all. We've been diving, we've been fishing, we've been with friends, we had parties, we we just used the boat a lot over the last 30 years. So, and not in the order of importance, right? Um, I enjoyed Alaska a lot because it gives you a lot of variety of sailing. The glaciers and the beauty of Alaska is unique. Uh, the fishing is fantastic. uh the wildlife is really quite interesting. Uh that's sort of a wilderness and out you know outer area of that type of recreation but also we spend quite a bit of time in Japan and Japan was more of a historical was beautiful. It's a beautiful culture why it's beautiful country and that was fun from just a visit perspective. Um and then the diving of course as Mary was just said we we have dove in almost um every major dive site in the world. Um yeah. Yeah. We've been in Bise in the Blue Hole and we've been Yeah. We've been in Indonesia is probably our favorite. uh it has two major seas and um the currents in there can be strong but by with the currents of course you get a lot of aquatic life uh and of course near Papa New Guinea the aquatic life is really really very special so we've spent quite a bit of time in that area now that I look back 30 years we've been to everywhere it just completely changed our lifestyle I cannot imagine our life without the boat the places we've been the people we met the friends we met, we would invite people to join us and became very close to them after that. So, it really allowed us a different kind of interaction with places and people and it added a lot to our life. Having your own home travel with you wherever you're going, it's it's very unique. It's very special. And being in areas where you're exploring and learning and and everything is new and and the food and the people and the culture, it really broaden your horizons and you learn a lot and it's a lifelong learning when you travel.

  Top Comments:
  1. @FLGurl [5 likes]: What a fantastic story.  Many thanks for sharing this!  🤗
  2. @AxelAStein [2 likes]: Love to hear these stories
  3. @symon-smith [1 likes]: Good luck to you both. I wish you well.
  4. @Pasovineyard [1 likes]: Sail around the world on the Picton Castle.
  5. @dronevideowork: I just did a flyby video of this boat and will be posting my work in a local Facebook group.

- We Stayed on Tommy Hilfiger's $46,000,000 Mega Yacht: Kind: captions Language: en - [Mikey] Okay, we are good to go. - We're rolling right now? - [Mikey] Rolling everything. - Great. Would you like me to call you Mr. Hilfiger or Tommy in the video? - Tommy. - Tommy, perfect. We took a four day trip to the Bahamas to stay aboard Tommy Hilfiger's yacht, Flag. From the moment we arrived, the experience was incredible. This is our backdrop. It's pretty amazing. Over our four days aboard, we had amazing meals, toured the yacht like we always do, enjoyed the beautiful blue Bahamian waters and even got a chance to interview Tommy and his wife Dee. - We're also foodies, so we love our chef and love eating on the boat. You might ask him if you like Japanese food, ask him for Nobu night. - Yeah. - Really? - Yeah - I'm so glad we said yes to Nobu night. Our whole team was overwhelmed by how incredible the experience was. - I'm fairly new to the team. I just started in November. To already have an experience like this on board Tommy Hilfiger's yacht is something I never thought I'd be able to achieve in my life. - I don't know if it's possible, but I hope this video truly captures the incredible experience it was to stay aboard Flag. (upbeat music) Everything about this experience was incredible. The food, the picturesque views and the hospitality of the crew on board made this trip unforgettable. I'm so excited to share our experiences with all of you, and now let's begin. (ice shaking) - Here we go Whiskey Sour. - That is so good. Would you like some focaccia? - Sure. - All right everyone, we're gonna start our tour on the main deck aft. We are here in the Bahamas. Our views are fantastic. This is our anchorage for the next three days and I'm so excited to be here. We got this amazing yacht. Life's good. - [Mikey] Yeah, it has been almost exactly a year since we were last in the Bahamas. A little bit over. Ever since we were last here I've been dreaming of coming back. The color of the water, the weather, it's really I think one of the most beautiful places I've ever been. - Everything, it's so nice out here. And before we go to the seating area, we actually have a passerelle here. Access to the side deck. That staircase takes you up to the bridge deck and we're gonna cover that space later. Now coming to the seating area, comfortable chairs and sofas, few ottomans, really nice oversized table in the center. You can see the built-in seating area on this side. And the color palette, textures, pillows, details. It's so cozy. It's so timeless. We have two staircases going down to the Beach Club, which we will cover later in the tour, and coming back here, two built-ins. Sink is on the left hand side and we have a built-in fridge here, stocked with water and Pellegrino. Now before we leave the main deck aft, I gotta mention, this yacht is in immaculate condition. It's meticulously maintained. If you look around, the furniture, deck hardware, deck floors, everything is polished to perfection. It's so clean and it's just a very impressive vessel. Above we have cove lighting with recessed lighting, speakers, security cameras, everything you need. And that's pretty much it for the main deck aft. Now let's go this way. We have these motorized sliding glass doors opening up to the main salon. Phenomenal space, love the sectional couch, two chairs, plush carpet. It's very quiet in here. We have the bar on the other side, massive windows bring in natural light. I love the accessories and details on this side. And obviously to complement the space here we have this dual elevation bar. It's all leather wrapped, bar stools. And behind these leather wrapped panels, we actually have a TV. These are motorized doors, push of a button, they just open up, you move the stools out of the way and you can watch TV from your couch. Really nice. Now Mikey, why don't you go to the other side so we can show everyone the bar. You have your sink, refrigerators, few drawers. And over here we have a display for the bar. Check this out. Look at all the spirits here. Phenomenal. - [Mikey] There are some really nice bottles of Scotch, Whiskey, Cognac in there. I do not know the specifics of them, but I know that a 21 year old Glenlivet is a nice scotch. - It's a pretty strong lineup. - [Mikey] Yeah. - Right. And check this out. Let's go to the other side, by the way, hardware, old locks. And coming here we have the cigar. Here we are, let's see. Smells incredible by the way. - And there you go. - [Mikey] I can't say I know as much about cigars, but I'm sure they're also very nice. - And that's it for the main salon seating area. Now Mikey, let's take everybody this way. On the other side, we have the formal dining room. Now before I talk about the details here, I actually want to talk about the yacht for a second. It's a Feadship delivered in 2000. It's been through a couple major refits since 2000. I think the last refit was completed in 2022. It's 62.3 meters long, 10.8 meter beam, 1078 gross tons. It has seven state rooms in total. We have six guest state rooms on the lower level. And we have the owner's state room on this level. It's available for charter in the Mediterranean during summer, and it's available for charter in the Caribbean during winter. We'll put the rates on the screen as well. And it's also on the market for sale with an asking price of 46 million dollars. I want to give big thanks to the owners, Tommy Hilfiger and Dee Hilfiger for having us on board. And I also want to give big thanks to the listing brokerage, Burgess for putting this trip together. We're excited to be here and we'll have more information about this yacht in the description of this video. We've been touring a lot of yachts on our channel over the last few years and learning the cruise. Understanding the industry taught us a lot. So I want to understand, how did you get into yachting in the first place? - Oh, I was chartering yachts for many years. My friend built a yacht and the yacht was pretty fantastic. So I bought it and it was called Faith before. - Okay. - And now I changed it to Flag. The reason I changed it to Flag is because my logo of my company is a red, white, and blue flag. And actually because of my company, I was able to buy the yacht. I've done a lot to it already. New AV, new air conditioning, new galley, new tenders, new toys. I keep it in impeccable condition. The chef is amazing, on another level. The crew is incredibly experienced and professional and my family looks at them as family. - Now Mikey, let's flow this way. Welcome to the dining room. Beautiful oval table in the center, seating for 12. I love this chrome in lay design. Above we also have oval cove lighting, chandelier, recessed lights. And Mikey, can we bring everybody to this side? We have this really cool art piece. It's called Portal. It was delivered to this yacht two years ago. You can actually turn it off and it looks like a mirror box and it actually matches the looks of the TVs that we have in the guest state rooms, the ones that I've showed you. Now looking around, we have built-in cabinetry, beautiful wood tones. And can we also get a closeup here? Look at the glassware here, how it's perfectly organized, tucked behind this cabinet. - [Mikey] This is one of the things that I love about yachts is everything is meticulously organized because these are constantly moving and changing locations. So you have to be very thought out in the way that you place your glassware. - Well said. All right, before we leave the dining area, we have this hallway taking us to the galley. - Hi, welcome to the galley. My name's Josh. This is the real engine room of the boat. - Josh is not only the master of the galley, but also an expert of creating the most incredible dishes I've ever tasted. During our trip, Josh was responsible for cooking all of our meals, providing a truly unforgettable culinary experience. He's been the secret ingredient that made our yacht trip even more enjoyable. - So we're a team of two chefs and we cook for both crew and guests. We got a team of 17 crew and we can cater for up to 14 guests on board. This is a small compact galley, but it packs a lot of punch and it has a lot of top of the range equipment. We got the double Rational ovens, in my opinion the best ovens you can have. We got the burner salamander grill, six burner inductions. These are five kilowatt. Typically they're usually around three and a half, so they're very powerful. Great for doing things quickly. We have a grill and a fat fry. We got integrated fridges and a fridge freezer in the corner here as well. I was a chef in restaurants for a long period before. Being a yacht chef is somewhat different, but obviously you rely on your cooking skills. - We love our chef and love eating on the boat, but have Josh make you an American barbecue. - One night. - And his breads, our chef is like really incredible making homemade breads. - And she really wasn't wrong about the breads. I really can't praise the chef enough on this yacht. Every morning our breakfast would be waiting for us buffet style, anything we could want was there. Breads, pastries, yogurts, fresh honey dripping from the comb. And any hot breakfast we wanted would be ordered as soon as we sat down as well. Good morning everyone. Day three. Well technically this is our second full day. We started off early today. We're about to have our breakfast and something about waking up in a yacht, walking outside, looking at your surroundings. It's incredible. I'm super excited for today. Needless to say, we're gonna eat some really good food right now and get our day going. The breakfast we had every morning was absolutely incredible. But more than anything, it was a time for us to gather and reflect on the incredible experience we were all having together. - Erman was like hey you, me, heart. (laughing) - [Enes] how was that communicated. - And then we do it and I'd be all the way across. He'd be like, hey. - And Jayson's flying drone. - Oh yeah, I mean Jayson's stuck. Go up. And he listened to me right away. - You're like- - His culinary skills and passion for cooking are evident in every meal he prepares. As you'll see later in the tour when we try out Nobu night on Tommy's recommendation. - Tonight I think we're gonna do a little Asian theme. So a little nod to Nobu, give you guys a few little treats. So hopefully you enjoy that. - And I have to say, the meals that come out of the galley are insane. Now let's go here. We have this door opening up to the staircase landing, wood paneled walls, stone floors. This hallway takes you to the owner's state room. This door right here opens up to a day head and coming back to the staircase, it looks phenomenal. I love how it opens up on the bottom, but as it goes up it kind of tapers off beautifully. Look at the curvature and the wood paneling, chrome railing, leather top. The design of the staircase, they have this carpet top and they have these chrome, I guess carpet holders. - [Mikey] There has to be a term for that, although I don't know what it is. - Let us know in the comment section below. - And it just looks so exquisite, so timeless. And lastly, between these two wall sconces, we have this door opening up to the elevator. It's a nice convenience to have since this yacht has four levels and this elevator goes to all of them. Overall, very spacious and bright landing. And now I want to take this staircase so we can continue our tour on the lower level. We have six guest state rooms here, elevator landing, and we're gonna start our tour with the first guest state room here. Full size bed on this side with a padded back wall, single bed here. Same wood tones are also brought to this room. Built-in desk, two port holes. And in front of that we have the leather wrapped motorized shades. Very spacious, very cozy. This yacht also has zero speed stabilizers, so it's very calm and it's very comfortable to be in the lower level. Alright, let's check out the bathroom. Beautiful natural stone floors. They brought the same stone on the walls here, built-in tub, chrome fixtures, mosaic inlay and they use the same mosaic as a border design on the floors. Vanities, cabinetry, chrome handles, everything looks so timeless. It's such a beautiful yacht. Now that's it for the first guest state room. I'm gonna go to the other side. We have the second guest state room here. Pretty much the same layout. Super cozy. And you ready for this? This guest state room and the room that we just toured have these- - [Mikey] Very cool. - How cool is that? - [Mikey] I like that a lot. - They even have a built-in LED lighting. - [Mikey] See I knew you were gonna do that at some point cuz I knew these were here, but this is the first time I've actually seen 'em down. I really like this. - Such a clever detail. - I love it. And of course this state room has its own full bathroom. Two sinks, built in tub here, behind me we have two port holes just for the bathroom. Floors are heated. It's a really nice bathroom. - [Mikey] Very nice. - Now let's go back to the hallway. This hallway is actually very long since we have six state rooms, these two cabinets are in the center point of the lower deck. Let's continue our tour with this one. King size bed. Padded back wall again, two port holes. And before I talk more about this room, I actually want to grab the camera from Mikey because this is actually where Mikey stays. - Hello, welcome again. I'm Mikey. One year to the date almost, we were in the Bahamas. I did this exact same thing. So a lot about this room that I like. Enes has talked about the mosaic tile floors. most things in here, but there's a few- - [Enes] I might have covered a lot of details. - There's a few things he hasn't talked about though, starting with one of my favorite details. Enes, bring it over here. If you open this closet door, each of these rooms has independent thermostats. So if you do want your room colder or warmer than the rest, like I would like mine colder, you can adjust your temperature. Number two, recessed ceiling. Nice. Did we talk about the TVs? Because I know we brought that up earlier in the tour. - [Enes] I was gonna cover it in my room. - We'll cover that in Enes's room. Let's see, thermostat check, all well and good. Bathroom. Let's go take a look. Enes talked about the mosaic tile floors. Another thing he didn't talk about, which I really like, automatic blinds in all the bathrooms, which is very cool. The first night we stayed on this yacht, we were actually in a port in Nassau. So my bedroom was right up against the dock. And these blinds really added another level of privacy to my experience. - [Enes] Do you enjoy staying here? - Of course I enjoy staying. Who wouldn't enjoy staying here? Look at this. - [Enes] I just wanted to ask. - This is Tommy Hilfiger's yacht. As we walk around you'll see that like everything isn't branded, but the color schemes match and like everything just has its kind of unification to the design and the color palette. Like I did last year, like I feel deeply uncomfortable, if I could have the camera back please. - All right, there you go. And this is Mikey's room. All right, let's go to the other side. This is where I stay. Guest state room number four also comes with a king size bed. And like Mikey said, sheets, pillows, beds, everything on this yacht is so comfortable. And I have two details. Number one, let me start here. So on yachts you wanna make sure you maximize every bit of space, right? Let me see if I can open this one. - [Mikey] Okay, trying to top my details. - That's right. There's another one right here. All right, let's show these mirror TVs, right? So you have your own iPad, one for each room. Welcome to Flag. You swipe up, TV, Apple TV. There you go. - [Mikey] Palais Venetian. - Yup. Cannes South of France. - [Mikey] That's right. - And actually lemme turn it off, just like that. Incredible, right? - [Mikey] I didn't know those were there last night so I'll probably use those tonight. - There you go. All right, come this way. They have a nice built-in desk here or dressing table, wifi cards for each one of the rooms. I'm gonna cover the code. - [Mikey] I noticed that last night, very cool. - It's Flag branded. And these rooms also have ton of storage space, built-in cabinetry on that side, as well as here. And let's go this way. We have the full bathroom. These bathrooms are very nice, cozy. You have heated floors again with mosaic details. Two port holes on this side, two sinks. You know what this yacht or these finishes remind me of? - [Mikey] What's up? - Nero. - [Mikey] Oh yeah, we toured a yacht at Monaco Yacht Show Nero. It had just massive guest cabins and- - It's just like the design elements and the theme. - [Mikey] Exactly. - It reminds me, it's another Burgess listing. - [Mikey] Yeah, a lot of wood finishes, very kind of timeless, elegant design, you know. - Absolutely. Just a beautiful bathroom. All right Mikey, let's go back to the hallway. We actually have another really nice detail here. Come into this side. We have a nice hallway landing, some built-in cabinetry, another built-in fridge for the guests. And let's continue. Two more guest state rooms. I guess let's continue with the one on the left hand side. Comes with a king size bed. I believe this room and the room next door are a little bit wider comparing to our rooms. Padded back wall, built-in cabinetry. Two port holes. By the way, lower level gets great natural light. And around the corner we have a dressing table. Full bathroom just like the other cabins. And that's it for the fifth guest state room. Now let's go check out the room on the other side. I don't know how many times I said king size bed, but this one also has a king size bed. One of the unique aspects of this yacht, the fact that we have seven state rooms, a lot of times yachts this size have six state rooms. Honestly this yacht is perfect for families. I gotta say, it's so cozy, so comfortable, so timeless. It's one of those yachts you're buying, you keep it in the family for a long time. Now before we end our tour here, I want to mention one more thing. This yacht has a crew of 17 and their staff quarters and their common areas are also on the lower level, but detached from the guest suites. - Hi, I'm Bea and I'm the second stew on board. Enes told me that you guys wanna see how it looks in the crew areas. So follow me in here. And this is my cabin I'm sharing with another stewardess. I love this room cuz it's just so cozy and I'm sharing it with my best friend, so that's great. Everyone shares with another person in the crew. In total with 17 people. So our shifts work, when we have guests on board, we work 13 hours a day with a two hours rest. Then we always have different times of breaks. So we'll have the cabin for ourself. Guests off we work Monday to Friday, eight to four. And if we have time off, we either be here or we are down in the crew mess. So this is a common crew area. This is where we have all our meals, breakfast, lunch, dinner, play board games. Just have fun with our second family in the crew. One of the perks with being in the crew mess is all this delicious food the chefs make for us that we can snack through the whole day. It's pretty straightforward. I love working on this yacht. You've seen where we sleep, now you've seen where we eat and I hope you enjoyed it. let's go check out the Beach Club, which is an exciting area. We have the outdoor shower here. All the toys are laid out right now and we're gonna talk about them in a second. And turning back we can see the Flag name sign, comfortable space here and going through this door we have the garage. This is where they store some of the toys. Two E-foils, wakeboards and skis above, paddle boards, some gear, snorkeling equipment on this side. And personally I'm really excited for this guy right here. - [Mikey] What is that? - It's a jet surfboard, but it looks super cool and yeah, it's a nice space. Like I said, they store most of the toys here, but I believe jet skis go on the bow and they have garages for the two tenders. Now let's go back outside so we can see the lineup. They set up this obstacle course for us, which looks like a lot of fun. You have a ramp, upside down trampoline, bridge, rock climbing wall and a slide. We should give this a go in a few minutes. After this A-cam round. - [Mikey] Not we should, we will. - Let's go. We will. I have a feeling it's gonna get competitive. (splashing) I'm just saying. And behind that we have a aquabana, pretty smart aqua, cabana, mix 'em together. - [Mikey] I didn't put that together, I've actually never seen one of those before. It's like a little floating cabana. - And behind that is what we are really looking forward to today. Two SeaDoo jet skis. And I'm not talking about those base model jet skis, I'm talking about the real deal and I'm really excited. Jet skis, Bahamas- - [Mikey] Blue water. - Blue water, come on. Does it get better? What are your some of your favorite things to do on the yacht? - Well definitely swim. I love to swim. So what I love to do is try to find the most beautiful swim areas. I love clear water because I like to see what's underneath me. So I find like little shallow clean pools and swim and snorkel. That's my favorite. And then I love all the toys. I love like the E-foils and the jet skis. And I like water skiing and I love all the sports and activities. - There's something very, very special about the Bahamas, the scenery, the color of the water, the sand here and all of it coming together makes this place in my opinion one of the most beautiful places in the world. On any real charter experience a must have is a variety of sea toys and Flag definitely didn't disappoint. - We usually work super hard in our trips and it's hard to get on the water because we need to do so many stuff. But this time we had a lot of time and we spent a great time on the water. - It felt incredible to finally jump into the ocean because the water is so crystal blue, you're surrounded by it 24/7 and all you wanna do is just put on your bathing suit and jump in. - We use the water toys, we use sea bobs, we use jet skis. I love riding jet skis because I really feel the nature. I really like to feel the wind, the water splashing my face. I really love it and I really love to go fast. (motor revving) - The jets here are incredibly fast. - These were very powerful. I was shredding the waters and it was absolutely amazing. - They even set up an obstacle course for us and we discovered that our new guy Collin was a force to be reckoned with. (water splashing) - What the hell. - Got right up there. - Obstacle course is definitely not my forte. We also found out that Collin is a pretty good obstacle course guy. He like went through that thing in no time. Regardless, this setup is actually quite fun. I'm going back out there. As much as I would've liked to spend all day out there enjoying those toys, we came here to tour a yacht and not show everyone how much we need a sun tan. So let's continue our tour with the owner stateroom, which is located on the main deck. These double doors open up. First space we have is the study. Built in desk. Again, everything is Flag branded. I love that. We have this beautiful library here, LED lit, books, everything proportions, accessories, just looks very nice. Now follow me this way. Welcome to the bedroom itself. It's full beam, super spacious. I just love how bright it is. We have the first seating area here, picture windows on each side. Of course you have your motorized shades and right in the center of the room we have the king size bed, padded back wall, love the curved molding detail above with more recessed lighting. And if you look around, all the corners are curved as well. It kind of softens up the feel of the room. Then you have a pop-up TV here. I personally really like this detail because you can leave the room open like this or whenever you wanna watch TV you can simply raise it. Space is very elegant. I think the interior designer here, Chahan Minassian did a fantastic job. I feel like this yacht is gonna age so beautifully. Like 20 years down the road it's gonna look this elegant and yeah, just a beautiful bedroom. And let's check out the bathrooms. - We have the first one here. Again, beautiful stone textures, vanities on this side with the makeup area here, picture window. Then you have a built-in tub, bidet toilet. They even have cove lighting here. - Now before we go check out the second bathroom, I actually wanna open this door a little bit more. This is the walk in closet, definitely good size. And the first detail I wanna talk about here, Are the hangers. Can we get a close up? We have never seen this detail on any yacht or any house. They have built-in LED lighting on the hangers. - That probably subtly highlights all your clothes. - [Mikey] It's behind you also. I don't- - Oh yeah, I could have shown that I guess. I got so excited as soon as I saw it I was like what an exquisite detail. - And obviously it's super spacious. You have some drawers here, glass shelves, mirror back walls. Really nice closet. Now right on the other side we have the second bathroom. Again stone floors that are heated. Vanity is on this side with mirror fronts, your sink, generous countertop space, medicine cabinets, LED lighting, makeup lighting. And then we have this glass partition wall here separating the walk-in shower. I'm going in there. Hidden drain, bench. Look how many body sprays they have. Rain head above. But you know the most impressive thing in this bathroom, how every single hardware and chrome piece is polished. - [Mikey] Yeah, it's extremely clean. - Extremely clean. I cannot see a single water spot on any of the fixtures. I'm not just talking about shower heads. Look how perfect the window frame here looks. And back to the crew, they've been nothing but like fantastic the entire time we've been here. Yacht crews in general have have more attention to detail I think than any group of people on the planet. - But I do think this crew stands out a little bit more. - And they've been great and it shows how much pride they take in their work. Yeah, this is a beautiful walk-in shower. Amazing owner state room. And with that, we're done on this level. Now let's go up, so we can check out the bridge deck. Welcome to the bridge deck aft. Another beautiful outdoor space. Built in seating here. Retractable awning above. Teak decking. And we are in the Bahamas. I'm really enjoying our time here. Now right in the center of the bridge deck aft we have this dining table seating for six. And this is where we've been having most of our meals, lunches, dinners. We're a little bit more elevated on this level. Better views. It's just a really nice dining area. Of course, since we had so many meals at this table, we're gonna have to talk a little bit more about the food. Mikey and I spent a lot of time on these videos shooting my walkthrough, but we don't usually get the opportunity to break away in the middle of the day and have an incredible multiple course meal. All right, this is our first lunch on board. They served this Greek salad, fennel salad, salmon, chicken, and the meals are incredible. Dishes are really nice. Beautiful day and so far we did the first part of the walkthrough. Now we're gonna do the second part. It's a good day, vibes are good and I'm gonna get back to work. As memorable as lunches were, they had a little surprise for us in store for our final lunch aboard Flag. Get our plates ready for this. A full on Parmesan wheel pasta experience. Don't forget the oversized pepper mill. - Zoe's gonna be so mad. - Thank you. - As always, the food was perfectly executed and the staff always made us feel so welcome and relaxed. - How much does that thing weigh? Let's be real. - Oh, it's a lot. - Especially Leandra, the chief stewardess. She has a very interesting and important job. Think of her as the ambassador for the entire guest experience. - Hi, my name is Leandra, I'm the chief stewardess on Flag. My role on board is to ensure that we provide a high end service to guests and I manage the interior. - She's almost like the onboard concierge, planning and scheduling any of the activities the guests may want to experience on board. - I enjoy working on Flag because the crew I feel make the experience. There's a good energy between the crew. We all get along really well and we make every situation fun. So I think the guests can feel this energy and they feed off it too, which really enhances their experience. - I could praise her all day for her attention to detail, but again, we have a tour to get back to. - Now on the other side we have this built-in cabinetry. That's a pop-up TV by the way. - [Mikey] Really? - Yeah, the entire top comes up and that's where they hide the TV. So you get this kind of like clean look. - [Mikey] I did not even know that at all. - No, I know it looks very deceiving. - You would just assume it's another- - [Mikey] I thought maybe full of more like sparkling water, you know? - Well that's on the other side. - [Mikey] Okay. - We have a built-in fridge and a sink. So you have a nice bar there. More seating areas. This staircase comes up from the main deck aft. Look at all the details here with the railing, curved glass. And this staircase takes you up to the sun deck, which we'll see in a bit. A lots happening even on this level. Another motorized sliding glass door opening up to the sky lounge. Sectional couch, coffee table in the center. That looks like a art piece, right? There's actually a TV behind that as well. - [Mikey] That's what I heard, but I have no idea how this works. - I haven't seen it either. Guess what? You and I are figuring this out. Let's see, Flag. - [Mikey] IPad back there I assume? Okay. - They weren't kidding. That's a very nice touch. And this space is super cozy. You have a table here with a few chairs, massive windows looking out to the views. And on the other side they have a bar for the sky lounge. And I've been told that they also have special cocktails and it just shows how far crew on board is willing to go to make your vacation or your charter experience special. A lot of times when we tour these yachts, we have these massive salons and we always see these bars, but we've never gotten the opportunity to actually sit down and have a drink, and that's what we're doing tonight. - The staff will serve these custom curated cocktails to the guests. I ended up getting Sandra, our social media manager, and Jayson, one of our videographers, to kind of be the Guinea pigs to taste the cocktails for us. - That's really good. - I don't taste that much alcohol actually. - There's your Lychee Martini. - That is really good. - Here we go, Whiskey Sour. - This is my drink of choice that I share with my uncle when we go on uncle niece nights. That's really good, my uncle would be proud. - I think this is my favorite. - And this is the sky lounge. Now back to the staircase landing. Again, very spacious elevator going up to the sun deck and following here, door opens up to a day head. You gotta have one for each level. - And let's continue our tour. Now we have this long hallway. This door opens up to the wheelhouse. We have the captain's quarter on our right hand side. Staff staircase and last door opens up to the wheelhouse itself. I gotta say this is up there with some of the biggest wheelhouses we've ever seen on the yachts that we toured. There's actually a partition wall here, seating on the other side. We have some maps here, navigation equipment. There's actually even an office here for the captain I believe. It's nice that they have their own space like this. - [Mikey] Yeah, really cool. - Within the wheelhouse. The wheelhouse is the captain's domain. And since we're trying to give you all the full experience, we have to bring Captain Patrick in and ask him a few questions. I gotta say, this has to be the most comfortable- - [Captain Patrick] It is. - Seat we've ever tried in a wheelhouse. So I'm wondering if anybody falls asleep? - It's a great feature. It's a good spot to sit when you're on watch. It's a good spot to have guests and kids come up here and hang out and check out the view while we're steaming. We've also got this air conditioning system that- - Oh yeah. - Pumps cold air straight onto this spot, wakes people up if they're feeling tired. But yeah, it's a nice comfortable spot. - And this is where we have most of our screens, radars, navigation equipment, autopilot. Give us a little bit of a breakdown. - You know, one of the questions I want to ask, and I roughly know what it is, but what does the bow thruster do? - So the bow thruster is basically just a big propeller that's mounted in the hull below the water line. And it just enables you to push the bow left or right using this little joystick here. - I guess it comes in really handy when you're on a port or you're just tight situation to navigate. - Exactly, yup. For just from maneuvering in tight spots. Yup. - And those two screens, one on the left, one on the right, those are your radars, right? - Yup, so two radars, X Band and S Band. - What's the difference? - So basically this is sort of better in close quarters and that's kind of year long range radar. - And that basically helps you see who's around you, what kind of vessels are around you and make sure you're safe. - Yep, yep, exactly. They'll pick up islands, boats, whatever is around you and just display it on the screen here so that you can avoid them. - Can we talk about the engine and kind of like the performance aspects of this yacht? - Yep. So maximum speed is sort of 16 knots, maybe up to 17 if we're flat chart. Cruising speed 40 knots, we burn about 450 liters an hour. - [Enes] Okay. - At cruising speed. - Getting to talk to the captain about the performance aspect of this yacht really piqued my interest even more. So next we're gonna go to the engine room to talk to the chief engineer. Now this is one good looking engine room. considering the fact that this yacht is 22 years old, this place looks immaculate. You guys keep it in perfect shape. And I'm also realizing there are a lot of spaces and walkways, so it's really comfortable to walk around this engine room. I'm assuming that comes in really handy when it comes to servicing the engines or the other equipment. - Yeah, exactly. It's a really good layout from Feadship. They always think about where they position their machinery and try and give you as much access to the working parts. So it makes it easy for us to maintain the systems. - Amazing. And I see two massive Caterpillar engines. Can you give us a little bit of a rundown? So on board Flag we have two Caterpillar 3516 men engines. They produce 2000 horsepower of drive for the boat. So combined 4,000 horsepower. - Can we actually go down there? I wanna look at these engines close by. - Yeah, let's do it. - Normally on these tours we don't really get someone like you who walks around with us to talk about all the details. This engine looks massive, but can you briefly explain some of the dials here, some of the components and parts? I just want to have a basic understanding of the assembly. - So when you're looking at this engine, you can see right here we've got the sort of the startup and control. You have some analog dials here where you can monitor oil pressure, jacket water temperature, things like that. When you're looking at the engine, some of the big things you see straight away of this shiny section just here, that's actually the crank case breather filter, so the engine can breathe while it's running. And you've also got at the front, you've got the jacket water header tank, so that's carrying the jacket water coolant for the engine. - Got it. - And then as you look around the engine, you see things like they're sewing the heads. So we have 16 of these. And the nice thing with these is we have them all chromed and they look nice. So- - Now a lot of the yachts that we toured, most of them have Caterpillar engines. So I know these engines are not like really one-offs, but still they're very unique assemblies. How do you learn to work on an engine this size? Do you go to Caterpillar, get trained by them or it's just mechanical knowledge that you've accumulated over the years? - Yeah, it's a little bit of both really. You can go and do an engine management course on these engines. So Caterpillar run courses where you can turn up at caterpillar and they'll teach you about this engine, but an engine's an engine and over the years you learn how these things work. And you build that knowledge up by being at sea working now for 25 years, so it's just knowledge gained over years of working on engines and- (calm music) The first thing I wanna talk about here is the wing station. Let's see. This is a big yacht. So you want to make sure when you're docking, when you are near something that you don't damage the vessel. - You have too explain to everyone, this is basically a very simplified version of the wheelhouse right next to us. - Exactly. - If the captain needs to see the dock and the edge of the boat while he's docking up, he can. That's what the wings station is for. Now, let's go this way. This yacht has a massive bow, but before we talk about that, I gotta talk about our surroundings, the color of the ocean, the peace and tranquility here. And I gotta give big thanks to Burgess for putting this shoot together. The scenery, the yacht, our experience here, I'm loving it. - [Mikey] Yeah, this is an incredible experience and it's all thanks to them, but honestly any excuse I have to go to the Bahamas I will take because it is awesome out here. - I'll take it too. Well said Mikey. All right, let's continue. Right in front of us we have the bow. In the center we can see the forward standing light as well as the anchor light anchoring mechanisms. You have the crane, this is also where they store the two jet skis. And on the right hand side we have the rescue boat. And again, I gotta commend the crew here. It's spotless out here and yeah, looks incredible from this angle. Flag was built in the year 2000 by the iconic Dutch ship yard Feadship who's well known as one of the industry's leaders for their build quality and innovation. What made you want to have a Feadship? - Same reason I want a Mercedes. I mean they're the best in the world. The quality of workmanship is second to none. - And there's something about Feadship. I think Feadship and Lürssen are like two companies that are so iconic and something about their design. You can just tell it apart so easily. - [Tommy Hilfiger] Yes. - Although it was built 23 years ago, it still has an elegant and sleek look, which is a testament to Feadship's timeless design. Notice all the portholes we have on the lower decks for the guest cabins and the crew quarters. It's a design choice that provides plenty of natural light and creates an open and airy feel for anyone staying on the lower deck. One of my favorite design details are the angled roof lines that taper off and add an elegant touch to yachts profile. Every level is designed to have plenty of outdoor space, which makes them perfect at outdoor seating and dining areas while maximizing the views from each level. The design of Flag is timeless, and with the build quality, continued care and attention to detail from the Hilfiger family and crew, Flag will continue to stand the test of time. All right everyone, last level. Welcome to the sun deck. We're gonna start our tour on the aft. We have another dining area here, lounging chairs. These umbrellas are super cool. They're mounted to the walls there. And I also like the railing design here. It kind of leans, it follows that roof line on the aft side of the yacht and another seating area here. More seating, a lot of seating areas on this yacht, I gotta say. - [Mikey] There like 12 guests you said, right? - Yes. According to the charter rules. - According to the charter rules, you could easily have a party here and have 150 people on this yacht. - A couple hundred I would say. - [Mikey] Yeah, easily. No problem. - Very easily. Another awning design. And this section is super cool in my opinion. We have a gas grill here. Sorry, charcoal grill actually. It's not gas. - Yeah, it is actually a charcoal grill. They have a pizza oven behind that cabinet right there. In fact, tonight we're gonna have a pizza night. So I'm really excited. I'm assuming we're gonna have it here. Now we've toured a lot of yachts over the last few years, but we rarely see a pizza oven on board. And it was a perfect demonstration of the chef's skill and ability to produce a variety of meals. I love the diversity of the pizzas. It's so different. - The crust is like super fluffy. - I know the crusts amazing. - Collin, I want your authentic like full perspective of like being on a yacht, eating food, everything. - The whole experience. - You've never been on a yacht before. - Like I don't even, I don't even have like that right there. That was, I don't, there's literally not words like I can't even fathom. It's almost like not even real yet. - Thank you very much. Get the gold flakes. We gotta work up the arm twist. - I'll do it again. I have a better idea, why don't you turn the bowl. - Ready? - Go. We gotta work on that arm twist. - That's a lot. - Oh, the cookies. - Oh this is thank you guys. - I have to record your reaction to it. - So during lunch today they serve these white chocolate macadamia cookies. Mikey and I had to miss the lunch because we were shooting. Everybody said they're really good too. - [Mikey] It was like best cookie I've ever had. - Oh my God, please tell the chef, legit this is the best cookie I've ever had in my life. - I told you. (opera singing) - This is insanity. Oh my- - [Tommy Hilfiger] If - [Dee Hilfiger] Yeah. - [Enes] Really? - [Tommy Hilfiger] Yeah. - We had a lot of incredible food aboard Flag, but nothing prepared us for this. This wasn't just a meal, it was an artistic expression. Everybody cheers, good job. - Cheers. - Yes, cheers. (glasses clinking) - This was our final meal of the trip and I can't think of a better way for it to have ended. It's up there with some of the best meals Not just seafood, not just dinner. It was incredible. It consisted of around 16 courses, each of them perfectly paired with each other. - [Mikey] I think it was the best Japanese meal I've ever had from a chef on a yacht who was not Japanese. - Oh my god, are you kidding me? You know what's so impressive about this meal? Like we are supposed to have a Nobu night and I have some expectations, right? Some good sushi, maybe an appetizer or two. It's crazy to me and what I cannot wrap my head around it's like a proper replica. Oh, I was like, yeah, we're gonna have like a few sushi rolls, you know. - Like how out of that kitchen we get like a commercial service here. I think it's safe to say that we were wildly impressed, but more than anything, I feel like this meal reflected our entire experience aboard Flag. I'm so glad we said yes to Nobu night. - I'm actually struggling to finish everything, but I'm pushing through because I need to taste every single thing that they hand out and then some and then dessert, which I'm super excited for. - I've never tasted anything like this in my life. It's like a Pana cotta. - [Erman] This is - This is the best dessert I've ever had. Like 100%. - 100%, look at that. - Mmm. - A perfect way to describe our Nobu night experience. And then we have these motorized sliding glass doors opening up to the landing. This door opens up to a full bathroom with a walk in shower. And on the other side we have the staircase, elevator, and coming right here, another set of motorized open up to the second part of the sun deck. I love this space. Comes with two built-in seating areas, a few chairs, awnings above, glass railing to take nothing away from the views. And right in the center we have this oversized jacuzzi with a glass front. You just get in, relax, enjoy this yacht. And I just love the elevation here. Since we are on the top deck, you can see the surroundings very clearly and we are here in the Bahamas. I feel so fortunate that we got the opportunity to stay on board to tour this yacht and share our experiences with all of you. I really enjoyed our time here. Between the scenery and the amazing crew and this incredible yacht and all of it coming together was fantastic. - I just really loved it. That was one of the best experience I had. - This is a memory I will eternally be grateful for and will remember for the rest of my life. - As night fell on our last night on Flag, I couldn't help but feel grateful for the incredible experience. Tommy Hilfiger's passion for design and excellence brought him to the top of his industry and his super yacht was a reflection of the success he had achieved. experience was top of the line. And I hope we've done a good job conveying it in this video. I was inspired by his willingness to share his story and give us a small glimpse into his lifestyle. This was truly a moment that me and the rest of the team will never forget. that's it from Motor Yacht Flag. Hope you all enjoy this video. Captain Patrick and his crew were fantastic. They took care of us so well and we really enjoyed our time here. Now I want to give big thanks to the owners, Tommy Hilfiger and Dee Hilfiger for having us on board and sharing their thoughts with us. And I also wanna give big thanks to the listing brokerage Burgess for putting this trip together and making this video possible. Like we said earlier, this yacht is available for charter and it is also on the market for sale. And you can find more information Now, if you enjoyed this tour, make sure to give us a like, subscribe to our channel and we'll see you guys next week.

  Top Comments:
  1. @EnesYilmazer [19 likes]: We are so excited to personally invite you to our Patreon where we are thrilled to open the doors of our business and invite you all behind the camera:  http://patreon.com/c/EnesYilmazer
  2. @juddbaer4580 [1 likes]: Bring Mikey back
  3. @Максим-л4м5ы: Совсем ничего, что выделяло бы это судно от других не видно . Кроссовки и майки, возможно Томми соображает как делать , яхты явно не его уровень .
  4. @ericpeterson4657: I keep playing back Enes eating that cookie, his reaction is priceless LOL.😮
  5. @lesleymolf198: Tommy Hilfiger face looks like the plastic artificial face from the  2000 horror movie Hollow man..  anyway nice video
  6. @julianeluisa8916: Um iate sem piscina e hidro ...Isso desvaloriza muito.
  7. @DuuleyRS: 😀
  8. @MANOFPEACE-75: Just BEAUTIFUL 😍 🛳
  9. @tetalexander: Nice nice, Enes.
  10. @luiscristaldo9198: Min 19:37 Bea😍... best part of the video❤
  11. @philcowdall9399: That is a lot of Cohibas in that humidor!     ps the metal pieces holding the carpet on the stairs are called stair rods. Ever heard the phrase 'it's raining stair rods'  ?
  12. @vandycksanchez944: 28:27 Crew mate hand slipped "Oh no I'm on camera must act normal." Then hand slipped trying to grab the rope haha. No hate just quite funny.
  13. @sunnyhill5119: The yacht named Nero, after the Roman Emperor who killed his own mother, is totally BADASS.  Living up to its name 😀👊😁😆
  14. @pamutbojt: what is the name of the chef after all the compliments he got it would be nice to know
  15. @Gizamalukeix: I have some questions. Why is this considered a "mega yacht"? I'm pretty sure yachts are supposed to be big inside. And what's with this guy not owning a single pair of shoes!!!?? Bro, you can't be that damn poor and you're gonna make the whole boat smell like foot.

The back doors are cool but take forever to open. Can you imagine a power outage or having to run in from someone chasing you? You're fucked. Why would they need them to open quickly you might be asking...why are there security cameras? Answered your question. 

Then the chef is wearing girl shorts and a dress shirt like he's on a zoom call...not the best combination and not sure why he decided that was a good idea in any universe but you do you boo boo. 

Why do they call it a galley or head or whatever because it's a bathroom and kitchen. You don't sound fancy calling it some boat term and this isn't the pirates of the Caribbean. Normal people just call it the shitter. 

Why does the main bedroom's TV look like it teleported from 1996? 

I hope those crew members are making at least $300,000 per year each for treating them like slaves and forcing them to share rooms and and an eating space that's obviously much less luxurious. Like as if they don't deserve luxury. 

The "storage room" is awfully small and those blow up kids toys are gonna attract mold like nobody's business. LoL you gonna dry them out for 3 days hanging on a clothes line or just pull them behind the boat forever? 

Why do they call the girl worker a stewardess like she's on an airplane? Very odd.  

Why are the crew members wearing shorts? First I get the impression they're supposed to look professional and then they wear shorts. At least wear some pants or jeans. Even the dude without shoes has pants on. 

What I've learned from this video is...jack shit. None of it made sense. 

Shoes in the fireplace room but not on the back of the boat, the chef is forced to dress like he's gay, the crew has to share tiny micro sized rooms like abused children and paid probably a shit salary. 

Someone explain it to me.
  16. @meteefe4785: From now on, when I wear my Tommy t-shirt, this yacht will come to mind...
  17. @wildlifebotswana2630: If they invite me to the yacht, i am going. 
I will ask about climate change in my next life.
  18. @MELPOMENEBUSKIN: A selfless rich guy, love to see it. Makes me feel good about buying Tommy.
  19. @TheTmat007: I feel like yacht is a pretty good deal for $45 million. Anyone else agrees?
  20. @DavidSequeira-k2z: Beautiful, elegant and classy.

- Feadship Certificate of Authenticity | Feadship: Kind: captions Language: en foreign [Music] Ty of a friendship yacht is essential to minimize downtime and maximize enjoyment for fed ship owners for captains the Peace of Mind goes hand in hand with a well-maintained yacht it is as crucial too when the time comes achieve its full resale value for aspiring owners the quality of Maintenance plays a key role in their decision to invest in a yacht for fed ship certificate of authenticity is a comprehensive condition assessment designed to help yacht owners maintain the unrivaled standard of perfection of their fed ships it is an official sale of approval that removes any doubt about the condition and quality of their yacht certification Begins by assessing the yacht's overall condition from Whole and Machinery to stabilizers and propulsion systems our Specialists assess five critical your categories safety structural aspects technical aspects and documentation exterior and interior using a specially developed application our assessments are translated into quality grades based on the Friendship grading scale before presenting a formal report of our findings every condition assessment is reviewed by the authenticity committee comprising Senior Friendship specialists while the grading system is the same for every yield the certificate of authenticity takes into consideration the yacht's age and overall structural Integrity our Specialists don't differentiate between friendship refits and those done by other yards our sole purpose is to determine whether a fed ship still lives up to the highest standards of the fed ship name the fed ship certificate of authenticity complements the official Builder certificate presented at launch and supplementary Builder certificates provided post-refit at our four Dutch yards and while it does not replace formal Marine surveys it guarantees buyers and Brokers are investing in true fed ship value and assures owners that the Comfort levels originally delivered are still in place every inspection delivers a certificate of authenticity which next to grades can include recommendations for improvements if and when these Yachts are put on the market we openly promote them on our website's brokerage page and in the yachting community with the certificate of authenticity it all comes down to safeguarding the quality and status of your friendship for years and years to come [Applause]

  Top Comments:
  1. @VictoriaAlfredSmythe [1 likes]: Thank you from Manhattan ©2023

- A Decade of Feadship. A Trip Down Memory Lane. | Feadship: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] [Applause]

  Top Comments:
  1. @sunilk_89 [4 likes]: Please make more videos in 2020. I wish all of you at FEADSHIP a happy and yachty New Year.
  2. @RN-kl4kp [1 likes]: Faith is the best yacht out there in the world best looks
  3. @Kulon_Trucking: My unreachable dream 🤣
  4. @landshark000068: You are aware that the decade doesn't end until 31 December 2020, right?

- Stories by Feadship - Serena: Kind: captions Language: en The writer Virginia Woolf once said:&nbsp; every woman needs a room of one's own. She meant a physical place, where a woman&nbsp; can retreat and work without distraction. But also a psychological space,&nbsp; where she can thrive and grow. A sanctuary for the mind. Where she can balance her many different selves. I have learned how to navigate the world&nbsp; and understand my place in the universe. My room of tranquility. Here is where I get to understand the deep&nbsp; meaningful stories behind all the numbers. Where I come to block out all the noise. Never losing sight of that point on the horizon. Some define escape as an act&nbsp; of running away from something. I define escape as the act&nbsp; of running towards things. Encouraging you to seek out new&nbsp; opportunities and acquire new memories. I've learned that the most precious moments&nbsp; in life require some sort of journey. Moving from one room to the next. From breathtaking silence... to the padded thuds of small feet in the corridor. It's right there staring at you. It shifts shapes so you don't always see it. But it is always there... everywhere. Through their eyes, I can see I&nbsp; have made all the right choices. And this is my reward. Serena Virginia Woolf was right. Every woman does need a room for her own.

  Top Comments:
  1. @mojojojo_BB [2 likes]: Different and interesting. Whoever filmed and edited this did a great job.
  2. @TheYachtVideographer [1 likes]: Simply outstanding. This is the kind of amazing work we need to see more of in yachting. 👏

- Latest 'Cutting Edge' Feadship Launched and Owner Named | SY Clips: Kind: captions Language: en So anyway, uh we'll move on. Fedship has launched their latest superyacht, project 827, uh measuring uh 71.76 m, so we'll call it 72 m. This yacht, described by Fedship as forward thinking, is now ready for final outfitting and sea trials. Fedship also explained that this future focused approach combines IMO tier 3 compliant generators with electric thrusters, ensuring a cruising experience that is quieter, cleaner, and more responsive with a system that is engineered to support sustainable en energy solutions. Now the the thing about the electric thrusters, they're you know like an Azipod system. They don't have shafts. So the shaft is normally causes vibration throughout the ship. you know, you normally subtle vibration, but there is a market difference when you go on a vessel that has electric thrusters. You can notice it's a lot a lot smoother. Uh the tier three uh that they mentioned there is like Euro7 for the car, you know, European cars, but that's for yachts. Tier three refers to international maritime organizations emission standards for nitrogen oxides emissions from marine diesel engines. Uh these standards are part of the IMO's effort to reduce air pollution from ships and improve the air quality in coastal areas and port cities. Now ships subject to IMO tier 3 standards must comply with stricter uh limits on nitrogen oxide emissions compared to ships operating outside of the ECAS which is an emission control area. The tier three nitrogen oxides emission limits are typically around 70 to 80% lower than the limits for engines uh not subject to tier three requirements, meaning that they're not allowed to produce as much nitrogen oxides. You know, the lower amount is is that's the regulation. So, there's better. Now, some of the areas requiring requiring tier three, uh, English Channel, Baltic regions, North America, Mediterranean, I'm not sure if they've signed up to it yet, but they are signing up. Whether they've done so already, I'm not sure. So, obviously, you know, not the entire world is using the regulations. But if you think about it, you've got your brand new, you know, $200 million yacht and you want to go anywhere you please, right? So, if you want to go in the uh if you want to go in the Mediterranean or North America or the Caribbean to parts of the Caribbean, then you need the tier three uh emissions standards. So, there's no real point building a yacht that doesn't have it now because they, you know, it doesn't it's not backward compatible, but all new yachts uh are required to have tier three. Otherwise, you can't go in the Mediterranean, you can't go to North America, you know, you can't go to certain parts of the Caribbean, uh and you can't go to the Baltic regions as well. That's on the list as well. So, you know, uh, most yachts now will be built to tier three standards. So, contrary to popular belief, there are limits on emissions from yachts also because a lot of people seem to think they're allowed to do whatever they want and burn whatever they want, but that's not the case. Now, Richard Lambert, senior partner at Burgess, commented to Fedship and said, "It's been a pleasure to have worked hand in hand with the owner and Fedship for Project 827. A close collaboration has resulted in a contemporary, elegant design with an impressive volume." So that's a comment from Burgess Yachts. At least Fedship are able to get a response from Burgess when they when they try to where we've been unable. Now it's getting I feel like I'm a bit of a stalker now trying to get in touch with them. So yeah, but anyway, moving on. Unusually uh the owner's cabinet is on the far end of the deck. Uh and it's and it's where a lot of yachts now are put in the bridge. So they've actually raised the bridge to the deck above, which is great. You know, I've always had I always make comments about not liking the the the bridge to be too low down. That's just a thing that I I I comment on re frequently. Um so, uh yeah, they've raised the bridge up and then they've made that area there. So, that that's normally a panoramic lounge that they have in that area. Um and uh and they've put the owner's cabin there instead. So, he's going to have a great view when he wakes up. Right now, all the guest accommodation also is on the main deck, which is unusual. If you go back and look at our yacht tours, you'll see that usually the guest decks are on the deck below. So, you have to go down a set of stairs to get to those. Whereas here, they're all on the main deck, which means they've got larger windows, increase an increased deck head height or ceiling height, uh, which enhances the sense of space, right? I would imagine there's some sort of um, uh, beach beach club as well, which is not mentioned, but the fact is if you look at the photographs, you can see that the tender garages are on the bow section there. So, um, that usually means that they've left space on the stern for a beach club. It's an interesting vessel. Uh, it was originally commissioned by Steve Win, but Fedship bought the vessel and sold it to Roberto Mourinho. Uh, he's, uh, he owns one of the biggest media groups in Brazil. He's also the owner of the AML's yacht, StellaM. So, yeah, interesting. Anyway, uh, vessels go on for final reef, final fitting, and then it'll be delivered probably later this year. Thanks very much for watching this video. You've been watching a Superyacht News clip. If you'd like to see the full unedited Superyacht News video, you can click on the link over here. You can also find our channel links below here. And if you'd like to see more shorter videos like this one, be sure to subscribe to this channel.

  Top Comments:
  1. @jonathanscott550: Ty for updates
Are you working on a yacht now, as it looks like the engine room of a yacht you are or have been filming the last 1/2 dozen or more videos
  2. @RobertHolmberg-c9k: Why the same story again? There is more videos out several times .. Why?

- Talking Feadship Yachts with Kevin Merrigan | Feadship Yacht Broker | Feadship Yachts Sale & Charter: Kind: captions Language: en ketchup is one of the world's funnier yacht builders because it's multi-generational and they continually seek to improve their product it's a conscious effort on fed ship's part to continually improve their Yachts they pay attention to the functional spaces to add longevity so the mechanical spaces on a fed ship you'll notice are larger than most other yachts and the reason for that is access so that a fed ship can last 20 30 40 50 years and you can still Access Equipment that will have a limited lifespan the other thing petship is good at is stockpiling they know that they're going to need Teague in 10 or 20 years from now so when you go to build your fed ship the teak they buy for your fed ship will be stockpiled in the teeth that they bought for somebody else's yacht five or ten years ago is what they'll use on your boat that's just one example of how they look ahead and down the road not in the immediate sale or this yacht but for Generations ahead that remain in yachting petship is best known for building custom Yachts you'll usually find that owners that go there are clients that go there have owned yachts in the past either fiberglass or aluminum or metal and they're looking for their Opus they're looking for a yacht that they can hand down to their children they're looking for a yacht that is unique in the world wherever they Cruise they're looking for a yacht that's of the highest quality and will serve them for the rest of their life so when you go to fed ship either you've got a designer or you've got a design in mind and they can execute it how much can you customize a fed ship having just said that one of the reasons you go there is to get a yacht is exactly how you want it fed ship does have guard rails and they're very good about keeping their clients within those guard rails so that the yacht you get has excellent longevity and seaworthiness and quality they're not going to build a boat that's not going to work so they are known for advising their clients to stay Within These guardrails the time to construct a fed ship depends on where you are with your plans and Designs do they have one that's off the shelf that you like do they start from scratch do you start from scratch with your own exterior designer or interior designer but I would allocate between two and four years for the process depending on what's already been done design wise and Engineering wise the Engineering also takes quite a bit of time to get all the plumbing and piping and Machinery correct so I think two to four years is safe fed ship warranties are like most yacht builders where the refrigerators the engines the air conditioning comes with a separate warranty and they'll help you get results from that if something breaks but the hull warranty the construction warranty varies between one and five years depending on where you are in the yacht but fed ship is renowned for standing behind their product they they want these Yachts to last generations and I think the oldest one we've sold is probably 40 plus years old and the buyer that boat still cruises on and is very happy it depends on partially what you negotiate in the contract and partially what system you're referring to so what are the latest trends and Innovations in yachting and in particular with fed ship the most remarkable Trend I think has been glass the use of glass and getting flag states to approve glass and Yachts so now you'll see that where there was metal there's glass so you've really brought the ocean and the Sea and the location into the yacht and it's just giving you a great sense of openness I love that part silence the Yachts are so quiet now you can hear the air conditioning and the air conditioning is very quiet so the decibels in Yachts have dropped dramatically but for me the biggest Innovation is the glass the use of glass in the construction fed ship has set themselves apart from other builders by their construction technique their long-term viewpoints their three generations of families working at fed ship the Sun the father and the grandfather so they hand down the tradition and the desire to keep these Yachts running so as I mentioned earlier you'll find that the mechanical spaces and the accessibility to parts of the yacht are significantly larger and more accessible than you'll find on some other Yachts the trade-off is you might have less interior space in certain areas but you'll have a longer live yacht that's easier to keep going what else sets them apart is their engineering is absolutely superb it makes sense they interview the captains they interview the owners of past Yachts to find out what can we improve what can we do better they're constantly innovating on the odds and I think that sets them apart from most other builders the advantage of working with fed ship is predictability you have a very good idea of what's going to be delivered is what was promised you have a very good idea of what your resale will be and what your maintenance will be on the boat that ship has a large Fleet of existing clients and Yachts to draw information from so the advantage is consistency reliability and predictability what client is best suited for fed ship and in my opinion it's a client who values quality to is not overly concerned about the price of the yacht there's less expensive yachts who wants the tradition generally you'll see Americans go defensive after they've owned american-built boats whether it's a trinity or a West board or a Delta and they're looking for something larger and unfortunately we're not building those in America at the moment so if you're looking for around the world high quality pedigreed yacht that's when you turn to fetchup why would you use a Northrop and Johnson broker when you went to go build a new yacht A fed ship or a person or any odd and the answer is simple to me is advocacy we are your Advocate we have built more of these boats than you will ever buy we more of the internal workings of the organization we've seen more of the places where the client could get nicked or not get exactly what he's looking for it happens at the world's finest yards it happens at the world's less reputable yards and our job is to protect the client to make sure that the client gets what he's looking for or she's looking for to make sure that the client's paying a fair price to make sure that things are delivered on time to make sure that the Aftercare is followed up we're the intermediary but the man or woman building the yacht is our client not the shipyard and we're there to Advocate on their behalf foreign

  Top Comments:
  1. @martinkilleen7607: Isn’t he a handsome devil ! ! !

- FEADSHIP Superyacht for sale and charter: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] in the competitive world of supop Builders every brand claims to be the best every Shipyard says that their quality sets them apart from the crowd there is one name however that no argues with for decades the name fed ship has been synonymous with yachting Excellence other builders look to them as The Benchmark of design and quality and fed ship owners are a revered and respected group of elite individuals custodians of objects of justifiable Prestige and stature caring for them and enjoying their ownership while they create some of the happiest and most memorable moments of their lives this video will show what makes the fed ship illusion so very special as we share intimate details of this remarkable yacht and indulge ourselves in the pleasures that lie in store for future owners and future Charter guests of this remarkable piece of Dutch engineering and craftsmanship [Applause] w the master Stater room of Illusion is located on the main deck and offers a light and Airy sense of refinement perfect to start your days of vacation and a comfortable Retreat after days on the water the illusion actually has a total of six State rooms with a variety of layouts so that two twin cabins are located below deck along with three very well proped portioned double State rooms one of which is reserved for VIP guests this cabin layout makes illusion ideal for families or for entertaining guests I first stepped on board illusion last year in Barcelona and the first thing that struck me was the size of this main Saloon it is huge and beautifully appointed with a central bar dividing the two seating areas and a banur and r interior design that extends an irresistible invitation to come in relax and unwind a second Sky Lounge is located on the upper deck allowing guests to enjoy secluded privacy in a light Airy and all together more intimate ambiance [Laughter] we but enough for now about what's on the inside of this yacht and let's talk for a moment about what's on the the outside since this is where most of the guests will spend most of their time and as you can see the Sund deck is an area that a lot of people will gravitate towards from The Comfy bean bags at the extreme aft to the generous jacuzzi forward if I could hang a hammock on this deck I probably wouldn't leave here for a week as attractive as the Sund deck is on illusion it's by no means the only option if you want to spend time in the fresh air a dedicated sunbathing area has been cleverly Incorporated forward of the bridge but high enough to still enjoy scenery and the AF deck is a spacious shaded area at your complete disposition to chill out and enjoy your surroundings a little closer to the sea level the upper deck has been designed with two dining tables but for the most part this is a dedicated boat deck where two 6 M tenders are positioned for quick and easy access to take you to and from Shore or for a quick session of water skiing actually when you think about using water toys on a yacht you think about zooming around in jet skis and water skis but that's not the only advant advantage of the extensive water toy selection on board illusion illusion is a wonderful mother ship to allow you to get up close and personal with your surroundings whiling away hours exploring Coes and coastlines as you take your pick from her two brand new 6.2 M tenders kayaks water skis laser or paddle boards the water toy storage for illusion is also Al quite exceptional the 35 S M lazarette is purpose-built for storing water toys it has a 15 squ M swim platform that folds down the entire area is also perfectly suited to use as a Dive Center and no time spent on a super op would be complete without the extraordinary ability to entertain its style illusion has a restaurant quality Galley and a host of places to enjoy the finest of dining you at the beginning of this video I spoke about the remarkable Heritage of the fed ship brand but I should also mention the remarkable people who are fed owners illusion over the years has been cared for by a group of people with a deep appreciation for what a very fine vessel she is the current owner just days before filming completed a thorough technical refit of the yacht the engines were overhauled and put to zero hours so with the generators new carpet was put on board the AV system was upgraded the yacht was repainted to a very high standard there has been no better time to buy this yacht there's no better time to Charter this yacht because this is no ordinary yacht this is the fet illusion

  Top Comments:
  1. @reefwiz99 [13 likes]: $9.5M quite a deal... but I'm betting $2M+/yr running costs.
  2. @lauwke123 [3 likes]: great video I hadn't seen yet on this fantastic channel. Great work !
  3. @googlevoicer [1 likes]: Interesting - even tho this video is a good 3 years old - that it is so much larger than "M/Y AWOL" and yet around* the same price...  especially given David's explanation for how great Feadship is revered.   🤔
  4. @robertrutherford9057 [1 likes]: 2 years later and still one of my favorites
  5. @fjdkfdfjdf33 [1 likes]: Well done with the party atmosphere at the finish.  Gives a feeling for the boat that most yacht videos don't achieve.
  6. @Sandhoeflyerhome [1 likes]: Is is FED SHIP OR FEAD SHIP ?
  7. @stevieg6418 [1 likes]: That interior is really lovely. Comfortable, bright and relaxing whilst still being luxurious.
  8. @BlackAnvil47 [1 likes]: What's cheaper owning a yacht or an aircraft?  Challenger 650 private jet 200 hours per year is approximately $1,148,576 or $1,738,856 for flying 400 hours per year.
  9. @enriquezj4 [1 likes]: I wish I had a yacht I don’t have the money
  10. @michaelgarlickmovies [1 likes]: Beautifully presented.
  11. @AAa-cf1oe: 💗
  12. @jamesmerkel9442: needs helopad in this length & both full sides need more windows new look face look.
  13. @jamesmerkel9442: speed is low, age is old & shows but still alotof ship just stupid high price, looks like 7 or 8 not 9.5 million us
  14. @christophersanders3316: The more I watch this video I realise the qualities of this piece of art and the producer and entertainer. Definitelz the best video on the internet. Deserves the Oscar.
  15. @davidattenberg4720: A gorgeous yacht, high quality craftsmanship throughout!   David, your videos are high class. Keep them coming!  Stay safe!
  16. @paulcunningham2859: i really like the classic look of the feadship yachts... well done david your videos are the feadships of you tube yacht presentations
  17. @giordanofranchino4566: Poi la notte si scopa, bella vita è! Ma un po’ di corona virus 🦠 lo avanziamo anche per voi, tranquilli!
  18. @bobsampson2519: Haha , 2 years from now, 2,m at best! Just sit back and watch it all fall apart!
  19. @BMH1965: Interesting, but insulting, comment: "One stateroom is reserved for VIP guests." However, unlike many yachts of similar length, this appears to put a premium on space over the number of cabins - resulting a in true luxury experience. Obviously, this vessel is owned by people that do not have the intention to stay on it.
  20. @nolbertocristobal9795: Wow me Davi he cane sale  a yack

- FEADSHIP "MONARA" IS A RARE GEM OF A YACHT!: Kind: captions Language: en foreign of excitement spread through the yachting Community recently when a very special yacht became available for sale the excitement was not due to the Yachts being particularly large far from it neither was the excitement due to particularly high price tag or a particularly futuristic technology so why is the yachting community so excited about Monaro well in this video we'll be showing you just a few of the things that make her so very special a history a pedigree a value and her engineering will be taking a complete walk through tour of this very special yacht and we'll be telling you what to do if you want to take ownership of her and the best person to tell you about these things is super Yacht broker Ed Dickinson Norris a fed ship she was originally delivered in 1969 by DeVries she measures 25.8 meters and she's recently completed a full rebuild at fed ship at their Macken facility in 2016. the history of monara goes back to the late 60s when two vessels were built there was Sultana which is also had a rebuild and then Menara minara sort of went through a cycle of ownerships over the years and she ended up in Greece the rebuild of Sultana the sister boat had just been completed in 2012 and the owner of Manara was approached the project manager had found Menara at the time called Olympia and said do you want to do the same project and they embarked on a four-year rebuild at fed ship from start to finish was a nut and bulb rebuild at fed ship she comes out with a 2016 Builder certificate from fetchup and everything that was done at the rebuild is still original through to this day so she's true friendship quality if you were to go today to build a 26 meter canoe Stone fetcher you would effectively get the same missile you have on Manon I don't believe friendship would do a 26 meter but the Friendship Heritage flee which is growing in popularity saw the benefit of bringing this Classic boat back to life yeah [Music] one of the things to bear in mind is obviously the cost of such a rebuild today would be significantly north of 10 million euros the owner spent a huge amount of money to do the rebuild higher than it was expected but it has delivered a vessel which you can effectively consider 2016. all of the systems on board the boats are new as of the rebuild the paint is newers of the rebuild the tikka's newest of the rebuild effectively the Holland superstructure had a lot of Metal Works completed on her but with the exception of the whole superstructure and the original Gardener engines everything on board is new rebuilt but in the style of the original delivery so the engines are the Jewel of the boats but they're the original Gardener engines they're incredibly quiet the idea is that when they're on turnover you can rest a 50 pence coin on the top of the engines and it will sit perfectly there's there's next to no vibrations they're extremely quiet at cruising they consume 30 liters of fuel an hour it gives the boat a range of close to 2 000 nautical miles the owner was very proud of his engine so one of the things he's had done is he's had the engine room lit up and as you look through the dining room as you walk through the main Salon there is a glass panel in the floor so you can see directly down to overlook your engines one of the things that is important to note about Manara is she is a commercially compliant vessel she has a charter record the owner likes to look after her though she's not been pushed to the Charter machine at the same time she has a strong Charter following who would like to follow the vessel into a new ownership the vessel is very reasonably priced and there's not many vessels out there which allow chart guest access to a classic fed ship at such a price level in such fantastic condition had their rebuild one of the things they decided to fit were batteries to allow 12 hours of zero generators zero engines running and you can be at anchor in complete silence now the owner likes to use this facility uh he has recently replaced over half the batteries on board to make sure they're working perfectly rebuild friendship originally fitted one generator to supply the rest of the remaining power on board and to charge the batteries the owner is actually fitted a second generator on board to make sure there's more than enough power to supply The Vessel one of the most important aspects of Manara is the sun deck from the AFT all the way up forward it can either be fully covered or you can be completely open at the after the sun deck you have a lovely u-shaped seating area the dining table can actually drop down to make one large Sun PAD as you move forward to the midship area where traditionally you'd find the tenders this has been made into a very nice L-shaped seating area and up forwards you have a further Sun pad area which is on top of the bridge you also have a sink and a pull out gas barbecue so perfect for entertaining I'm speaking to guests it's where they live it's the top deck is unbeatable for the size of vessel on the main deck a few unique features about a canoe Stone fed ship one thing that's a lot of buyers and Charter guests are worried about is access to water so the owner of Manara had hydraulic swim platform fitted to the side to allow easy access both to the tender and the water as well as the stone passerelle the main deck aft can be fully enclosed so if you're a tank or on a windy night and you still want exterior dining it's completely sheltered as you enter the boat you have a bench of rats around the stern of the boat which comfortable seating and you also have a dining space on the lower deck again if you want to have more sheltered dining the main access through into Manara is through the main Arctic doors as you enter on the port side you have a staircase that leads you to the guest accommodation and as you go further forwards you're greeted on the board side with a nice seating area further to starbridge you have a dining space one of the key differences between Manara and Sultana is that Menara has her Galley on the port side where Sultana had hers in the starboard the advantage of having this new configuration is it allows you to then have direct access both to the engine room and to the master cabin directly from the dining room so the guest cabins on the lower deck and the master cabin are separated with the engine room in the center and also it gives the master cabin a bit of extra privacy as you pass through from the dining room you go up a set of stairs and you have a bridge the bridge is all brand new it can be completely flush so if you have guests on board who would like to just see the boat at anchor or the bridge and nav equipment actually collapses down and all you see are the original steering wheel the original companies and the original Helm so everything is very flush very clean and also true to her history the crew have access on the four deck to their accommodation and this is also where the tenders are kept on board so the tenders are kept well out of the way at the guest spaces the master cabin is accessed just forwarded the dining space as you go down a set of stairs you can either go forward into the master cabin or you can turn back on yourself and you have access to a freezer unit and also it then goes directly into the engine room in the master cabin as you enter and have a full walk-in wardrobe the master cabin's full Bean part of the rebuild they actually made larger windows in the hull to get more natural light into the master cabin the master cabins equipped with a full wet room so it's a walk-in shower room toilet with sinks and the things look out over with direct access to the water so it's a really nice feature it's very light very bright very clean and modern the guest accommodation is found at the after the boat so you have a VIP double stay room the VIP has its own ensuite bathroom and forwarded the VIP there are two twin cabins these twin cabins can be converted into doubles and they share a Jack and Jill bathroom which is midship it gives you a total accommodation of eight guests on board which is perfectly adequate and comfortable for the size of versa this is such a very unique and special yacht that I can't help feeling that she's most likely to pass into the hands of an experienced yacht owner who really understands the value of such a vessel if you have any questions at all about the Yachts even if you're not a qualified buyer then do leave your question in the comments section below and I'll ask Ed to answer your question for you and if you are a qualified buyer then here is the best thing that you can do I strongly encourage a visit on board choose a boat you fall in love with and love at first sight we have all the information on the rebuilds at hand discuss fade shipper and also discuss the project we strongly encourage visits on board before the season and we'd love to show you on board

  Top Comments:
  1. @DraganIgnjatovic-s8g [1 likes]: OVO❤❤❤KUPI❤❤❤
  2. @EEnnisjr [1 likes]: The exterior is excellent, but the interior doesn’t fit a Yacht of this Class. It’s more like a Bayliner.
  3. @DraganIgnjatovic-s8g: HITNO❤❤❤
  4. @DraganIgnjatovic-s8g: DAJ❤❤❤
  5. @DraganIgnjatovic-s8g: AJDE❤❤❤
  6. @DarrenEdmonds-v7i1q: East coast mars oysters and West coast Saturn oysters are speeding up moonlight 🌙 to counter cmes and coat radiation from volcanoes. Thankyou boat shows.
  7. @jamese1596: Asking price was €4.5M.  Now sold. Transaction price unknown.
  8. @DraganIgnjatovic-s8g: ❤❤❤❤❤
  9. @Taylor-vo2me: The more I see these beautiful Feadships on your channel the more I fall in love. They are beyond beautiful!!!!❤
  10. @robertstryker9953: I'm saving up now for the airline ticket
  11. @neilwharton720: Beautiful ship, makes the  Benetti sail division that I ran look like a Skoda🙈
  12. @muhammadIssawaqar: Super ❤❤
  13. @BertMerlin57: So fantastic….. and still for sale a year after?
  14. @nicolassanchez2397: completely ruined it with the interior
  15. @gariusgarfar1341: Why do I get the feeling I'm in an episode of the minder with Arthur trying to sell me a banger for top dollar? My natural instinct tells me, far away from this man!
  16. @merc88: too much of the guy talking
  17. @daviddellit8344: Beautiful. Thank you.
  18. @demiurgecreator2705: А можливо щоб яхта з таким дизайном як ця, мала також і вітрила в своїй конструкції?🤔
  19. @julianfoster9033: Absolutely fabulous, one of the best boats I have seen, thankyou!
  20. @chieftalentofficer: I can't see to see this Feadship in person!

- 45m / 147ft Feadship TV | Feadship: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] a

- $16,995,000 Yacht-Home: 2013 WESTPORT 130' / 40M M/Y "SaraBeth" American Build SuperYacht Tour: Kind: captions Language: en - Welcome back to NautiStyles Superyacht Series and I'm proud to say this one was made in America. (slow music) - Wow! You don't wanna miss that. (upbeat music) Hidden door. I'm so shocked right now. - Just wait until you see the galley. - Look at these engines. (slow upbeat music) - Welcome aboard this 2013 Westport 40 Meters, 130 feet, and it has so many cool, unique features. All right we're gonna start on our- Swim platform. - Swim platform. Okay. - Welcome aboard. - [Rico] So, yeah. Well, that's the swim platform. (Rico and Victoria laughing) - So what I like is they have removable staples. - [Rico] Yes. - Which is pretty cool. There are some pop-up cleats here which are not good to hold this boat but they are great for fenders. - [Rico] Fenders or the tender. - Or also being able to maybe put one of these big, inflatable swim platforms behind. - Definitely. - So that would be cool, too. Something to think about right now because we don't really have that. - [Rico] We need to have some cleats on the back as well. - Because how do we attach that thing if you wanna put it there? - For sure. Yeah, you're right. You're right. - Oh, look at that. Look at list. - You're right. - We're already growing. - [Rico] Anyway, so moving back here, we have the main shore power, and that is here. We have two cable wheels here. This is pretty cool. Look at this, how this is incorporated here, like molded in really, really nicely, right? Nicely protected. - [Victoria] Agreed. - [Rico] And then this on top here, SP1 and SP2. That is this shore power. - [Victoria] What's this? - [Rico] I don't know what that is actually. - [Victoria] It almost looks like a firefighting equipment. - [Rico] Maybe. Two big bullets. One bullet, one cap stand, another one on the port side. - Okay, full disclosure, you guys. It's some crazy weather going around us. That's what I love about filming boats is when you get on board, all the crew is like, "The radar, we've got three minutes and it's gonna pour." And sure enough, three minutes. Like they're watching the weather the same way we do. So what we're gonna do is we're gonna go all the way up and we're gonna start on our top deck, show you that, and come down deck by deck real quick. - Yup. - To show you the exterior and then go on the inside and spend some time there. - [Rico] What I love about bigger boats and bigger yachts in general, like proper super yachts, you have these staircases on either side going up. - Yeah, it's very, very grand. It looks amazing. It's gonna be high. I'm gonna go all the way up. - Let's go. - Let's do it. (gentle music) All right, let's start this on the top deck. - [Rico] Did we mention that there's a crazy storm going on? - Yes, one of the reasons being is that there is crazy weather and there is a pretty good chance that we will get huge shower. It was drizzling in between and we just decided let's start up here. Let's show this to you before it's pouring cats and dogs Florida style. And yeah, let's start at the good stuff. Saving best for first. - [Rico] Saving... Well, we're not saving anything. It's right here. Actually, we have a little bit of a lake. But now you can see how the water is moving in the hot tub. - So, we have a hot tub here. There's a really cool kind of a layout sitting space all the way around that you can hang out together when other people are in the hot tub. - [Rico] How cool is this spot? If you do some very calm champagne cruising, right? - Yeah. - [Rico] And you actually have the water in there underway and you sit in there going. - And just waving it. People going by. - Yeah, pretty- - And all the day charters. - [Rico] What'd they say? Decadent? - Decadent. - [Rico] Ah, yeah. - I think it's quite nice because if you are, let's say at the Anchorage, you're pretty high up. So a lot of other boats wouldn't even see you up here. So it feels quite a bit private here. - [Rico] That's a good point, yeah. Instead of having the hot tub at the stern. - Can you hear the thunder? - I can. - Can you guys hear the thunder? - [Rico] Yeah, I'm still having the hot tub at the stern when you are stern two in most of the marinas in the Caribbean or in Europe, this is definitely pretty nice, yeah. - Yes, it's for sure very private. All right, let's go quickly through the exterior. - [Rico] Okay, what do we have up here on the top deck? - So there's a little bit of a bar detainment space here. There's a sink, double sink. Look how deep this is. That's nice. Can actually... Can even like ice some bottles here. We have drink fridges, drawers, and some storage underneath. - [Rico] Hang on. I wanna show you something. - What? - [Rico] Can you open the drink fridge one more time? I was just thinking like, how do they make sure this doesn't come out underway? Right? - [Rico] Yeah, how do they make sure that this doesn't come out underway? - Oh, they have a pin here. - [Rico] They have a pin here. You just opened this. - [Rico] And I saw this here. - [Victoria] No way. - [Rico] Yes way. So this pin just goes in here. - I love it. - [Rico] And it's secured. - That's brilliant. - [Rico] How cool is that? - [Victoria] Brilliant. - [Rico] And you don't see it. They even have this here, these little hooky, so they don't... You know? - Create a lot of noise. - Swing it out. - Oh, wow. - [Rico] Very innovative. - Cool stuff. Little details. All about the details. All right, let's go aft here. - [Rico] And for all your people complaining we opened too many things, we wouldn't have seen this if we wouldn't have opened it. - Okay, let's go. - [Rico] So what do we have here? - Let's go up, all the way up. - [Rico] All the way up? We are all the way up. - All the way up. Nope, there's more. - [Rico] Okay, all the way up. We have a little ladder here which can be removed. We have our electronics mast right up there. Big... Oh, there's more. I got to show this to you guys. - [Victoria] Be careful in your socks. - [Rico] I'm careful, I'm careful. Look at this guys. There are kayaks and I think some paddle boards up here all the way on top nicely covered. Right underneath the radar, there's a six-foot... Oh, sorry. No, I think that's a bigger one. That's a 10-foot radar, I think. Furuno radar which is right up there. We got another CCTV camera up here looking aft. Well used storage space. - So we also have some layout lounges here. And really nice sitting area right here which can easily accommodate very comfortably four people, maybe even six. But this is a really large furniture. So technically, if you wanted to rework this into being able to accommodate more people or having a table here, you could easily do that. - [Rico] Yeah. I mean, it's all loose furniture, right? - And there's still a bit more storage on our starboard side. - [Rico] Well, not just storage alone. - We think there's more there? - [Rico] There's a popup TV there. - Oh, you are right. TV is right here. Yeah. - [Rico] And enough storage for the covers. Yeah, you need storage for the covers. This is interesting. I've never seen this before. And we kinda did the NBBL for new to the channel, new boat build list, our new boat build list. This is very interesting. - [Rico] The covers for the life raft. - Yeah, life rafts are here on both sides, and they are covered. I don't know if they are always covered. But at least when the boat is sitting, it's covered which is great. - [Rico] I think when the boat is sitting in the marina, at least they're covered, right? To keep them out of the sun. - Yeah, so it just protects them. - [Rico] It protects them, yeah. Underway, they're probably uncovered, I would imagine. - Really cool. - Okay, let's go down. So we are on our boat deck or our bridge deck. - [Rico] Bridge deck, boat deck, exactly. - All right, let's start aft and we make our way forward. Please don't rain on us. Please don't rain us. - So as you guys can see, in the floor we have all over the place these integrated receptacles all over the place for a shock system. So, you can be completely flexible. - [Victoria] You can be completely shocked. - You can be very shocked, yeah. Very shocked. You have these shocks which are obviously removable and you can move them over here if you wanna to have some jet skis behind or you leave that there. Put some jet ski shocks over here. Whatever it is, a second tender, there's lots of opportunities. - [Victoria] Is that what we're gonna have? - Yes. Speaking of the tender, it's an 18.5 tender on here which is probably the biggest size you can have on here unless you go length. - [Victoria] Yeah. - And not diagonal. So we have a very large hydraulic crane here with the base over there. I like the way it's positioned actually. It's really out of the way. So if the tenders are in the water or all your toys are in the water, you have this massive space here for entertaining which is really cool. - Or to do yoga. Workout. Like they have here. And this basically outdoor gym, it's a really, really cool space. And you have a little bit of a bar here. Actually a lot of a bar. Electric barbecue right here. - [Rico] Electric grill. - Electric grill, sorry. Storage underneath. More drink refrigeration. Drawers. Love it. Again, same double sink here. Same kind of a layout and a bit of storage here. What's that? - And storage here. Actually there's more workout equipment. - Oh look, there's weights. Oh yeah, so they definitely use this space as a gym. What a nice place to work out. - [Rico] Or this could be the party deck. - True. Speaking of a party deck, should we go all the way forward? - [Rico] Sure. - I have something very special there. - [Rico] Special? Follow me. - [Rico] Side decks? - No. - [Rico] Beautiful overhang again? - [Rico] Keeps you out of the rain. Got our pilot house port side door here. Here we have a wing station. - Which we can come back to if you want, unless you wanna do it now. - [Rico] Yeah, we can open it. - Okay, all right. I like when you volunteer. - So, open this up. - [Victoria] You guys know this is like a little giveaway. When Rico is volunteering to open everything, that's usually when he really likes the boat. (Victoria laughs) He would be a really bad poker player. That's his tell. - Maybe. I would be like... - [Victoria] Okay, Captain. Let's go. Exactly, that's you. - Wow! Looks at these cards. - [Victoria] Exactly. - All in. - [Victoria] Not very good. Not very good at hiding. - Anyway, so really, really nice and compact. I like that they really and perfectly integrated it into the bulwarks. Everything you need pretty much here for docking. We have our rudder indicator, we have bow and stern thruster here, our start, stop buttons, emergency stop buttons for the main engines, shift throttle control, and then our rudder control right here. All you need for docking. - Yeah, everything you need. - And let's check it out. Here. Great visibility. - [Victoria] Oh yeah, you could see every- - All along. So, let's carefully close it again. - [Victoria] I've never seen it actually build in like that. Nicely protected as well. - Beautiful. - [Victoria] All right. And I'll show you something special. - [Rico] Oh, something special. Oh, what's going on here? - I don't know. Cigar lounge. Sundowners. - [Rico] Wow. - It's a really cool space. Didn't expect it, huh? - [Rico] No. It's so cute. I love it. I think I would use it all the time, especially in the Anchorage because that's where... Of course, it's raining now. - Especially in Anchorage because that's where you have the most breeze. So you would spend a lot of time here because sometimes aft is gonna be hot and muggy. - I agree. - And here is gonna be all this breeze and the rain. - [Rico] Well, another thing, even if everybody is aft and has their meal or whatever they're doing, the crew can also take advantage of that. - That's a very good point. So you have a little bit of a separate space. - [Rico] So let's turn around a little bit and make sure we don't get the camera wet at the moment. I just wanna show people. So let's go forward quicker. - Yeah, let's do this quick. - [Rico] So we have another little landing area here. - Yes, how cute. Like this is very grand. - [Rico] So I'm gonna go this way. - And unique. You don't really see this often. It feels a little bit of like a prom staircase, you know? - [Rico] It does. It does. Not that I've ever been to prom. - When you pick up your prom date on your mega yacht, she comes down here. - [Rico] Really cool. - I like it. I like it. - It's so pretty. - [Rico] So I guess that's the crew lounge here. - Yes, so there's another space. So you really have these two decks, which is unusual. You don't see it all the time. And they've really made it... I mean, you can say crew. You can also say guest-friendly space. So even if you are anchor in here, you could still hang out and kind of observe the crew and watch. And you know, it's just a cool extra space. But yes, for sure. Crew can actually take a break there. - [Rico] It's a really nice spot. Definitely. So then of course, we have pocket anchors. Two dual anchors. Windless right here. Cap stands or a bell. - Oh, the bell. - [Rico] The bell. - I didn't see the bell. - [Rico] Okay, you wanna ring the bell? - Well, the captain seemed really nice, so I think he's not gonna mind. (bell rings) Oh, that's a good bell. - That's a bell. - I barely touched it. - That's a good bell. - That's a really good. That's a good bell. We have an access hatch here to our bow locker. Chain locker? - Chain locker. - [Rico] What's that? What is that? - Oh. - [Victoria] Oh, it's a big storage. - Big storage. - Very cool. - Storage and the remotes for the anchors. - For the windless. - [Victoria] These are massive remotes. - [Victoria] Wow. You know you're in a big boat when you have this kind of remotes. - Okay, shall we run back quickly before... - Before it really pours. - Okay, and it's nice. Look, you can actually see quite well here. I love how this is flared out. The bulwarks have flared out. - [Rico] Like a lot. - A lot. And it gives this feel of a much bigger boat when you're here in a bow. - [Rico] Very true. Very true. - It's so spacious and very, very tall. - So it feels very safe when you're here. - One also, it's helping obviously in heavy seas to displace the water as best as possible. So, you don't have too much of a wet ride. (upbeat music plays) - So we're gonna show you the pilot house next. (upbeat music continues) Come on in. Welcome to our bridge. Okay, quick rundown- - [Rico] Oh, wow. - Before we text over the bridge. So, it's actually a really nice size. You have the separate station here which is your... - [Rico] Chart table. - Chart table or first mate space. You know, to be able to do all the work you need to do extra. And then still a large, large bench here. You can easily hang out here with four, five people. - [Rico] Oh, for sure. - It's big. Very big. Yeah, no, this is great. - And pretty nice visibility. - [Rico] Yeah, because you're raised up, right? Oh, it's great underway. - Oh yeah. No, this is great for longer crossings and the longer journeys in general. You know, if the crew wants to spend time up here or you're just doing a shift change. - Run through the bridge. - [Rico] Run through the bridge. - See what you know. - I like that watch, that clock. - [Victoria] Yeah, what's with you and clocks? - Yeah, I don't know. I definitely wanna have something like this too. - [Victoria] Yeah? - [Victoria] Anything else? - So we have two helm chairs. Look at this wheel. - [Victoria] Ah, that's beautiful. - And look at all these inlays. That is some beautiful craftsmanship, I have to say. - [Victoria] Yeah, you're not gonna have that. - No, we're not gonna have that. But for the classic look, the way the helm is laid out here and designed with the wood, it looks beautiful. - [Victoria] The woodwork on this yacht is amazing. You just wait. I mean, you see it here a little bit, but as we go deeper into the guest spaces, you see how beautiful. - You will, you will. You will notice. - [Victoria] It's really gorgeous. - Anyways, little bit of fomo right now. They have five screens. We only have four. - [Victoria] Oh, stop. How big are their screens? - That's looks like 24s. - 24s? Oh my god, they're massive. - So yeah, we are gonna have four similar size. - [Victoria] No, these look bigger than 24. - There's five screens here. One is used right now for CCTV cameras and it looks like there's more cameras you can choose from. But right now this is what's chosen. We have our alarms monitor here or that's the screen which is used right now dedicated for the alarm monitoring system. Get a chart here which is time zero. Separate system right on this screen and more CCTV cameras on this one over there. - [Victoria] Well, that's a lot of cameras. - Of course, we have our shift and throttle controls here for the main engines which we will see at the end of the tour. And please believe me when I'm telling you don't miss it. You'll wanna see that. - [Victoria] Are we not gonna tell them how big they are? - [Victoria] Oh, come on. - No, stay till the end of the video. - We will see in the engine room. These are probably- - They are... No, I'm just kidding. - These are probably the biggest engines on that size vessel we have filmed. Let's see. Let's see. We'll take a look at it. So we have our remotes here for the Furuno system, port engine, main engine remotes, our bow and stern thruster, rudder joystick, steering computer. Rudder indicator right there. Windshield wiper control right here. - [Victoria] Is steering computer a thing? Is that a real term? - Well, it's a steering control. Steering control. Not steering but steering control. - [Victoria] Steering control. - [Victoria] All right, just checking. - This is beautiful here. This is very beautiful. - [Victoria] What is very beautiful? Oh no. - I'm so tempted right now. So tempted right now. - No, you cannot. - Anyways, this is the Kahlenberg control panel with the presets. - [Victoria] God you get so excited about this. - Which we will have on our vessel as well. So as you guys can see, a single blast, double blast, then you have all the presets. For moving a stern, for example, three short blasts. So you have a lot of presets already there. Like one is also really important is the danger button which is five short blasts. So instead of... Really, if you're in that situation where you need to use that sound signal, it's a lot easier if you can just press it and it does it by itself. - One button. - Exactly one button. You press it one time You can pay attention to whatever's going around... What's going on around you. - [Victoria] Would it be correct to say that after the sound system that you're putting on our boat, the second most exciting thing you are excited about is the horn? Is that, "Eh, time's up"? - I mean, there are a lot of things I'm excited about but the horn is definitely one of them. - [Victoria] No, horn is on top of the list. - I just can't wait to hear it. - [Victoria] To keep blasting the danger. - No, not that. No, no. - I don't ever wanna blast if I don't have to. - [Victoria] This is huge. - We have our autopilot control here, our compass which is- - [Victoria] Very large. - Looks like somebody polished it all day. [Victoria] Yeah, it's beautiful. - And of course, VHF radios, all the typical stuff. So let's not make it too long because we have a lot more boat to go through. A lot more boat. - [Rico] You know what, I just saw something maybe for our NBBL list. Yeah, I saw that. It's great. I love it as well. - [Rico] There is an outlet under the table. - I love it as well. I think it's a great idea. Putting on the list. - [Rico] Outlet under the table. - NBBL. - Good idea. - And we are walking in to our sky lounge., our upper salon. - [Rico] Wow, this is gorgeous. - This is where you really get to feel and see that timeless styling we're talking about, the woodwork. This space is so nice. The one thing Rico and I noticed, the owners that end up having the sky lounge, they can't go back, right? Like they just love having that second space. All right, so we'll start here. So we have a little bar here with the sink. There is a drink fridge, a bit of storage. And this is kind of neat. Look, they actually left this as a window. So it allows for a lot more light to come in to this space. And this feels really nice and bright. So we have a card table here set for four. There is loose furniture sofa here. Can easily hang out here with five, six people. Can even do like a couple poofs if you wanted to expand the space, but it's a really nice space. But there is something really special about this room. So we also have... It's set up to be able to have a really proper home office which a lot of the owners in this size really like to do. They are still working usually. And you know, this just is nice to have the dedicated space to take a phone call, to have a space private. - [Rico] Lots of people work remotely now and lots of people which work remotely have Zoom calls. So now I'm looking at this background, it's awesome. - Set up for Zoom call. - [Rico] It's a perfect setup up for a Zoom call with a little library behind you. - You will never know where you are at all. - Nobody will ever guess you're on the boat. - [Rico] I love it. I wanna do the Zoom calls, you know? - Okay, so we do have a head here, a little day head which is nice. You've got a sink. You've got a toilet. And this is the coolest part. There is a way to make the space very private. You have a huge pocket door comes in and you can also use it as possibly your overflow cabin. You don't have a shower but you do have a toilet. - So if you really wanted to, you could. You could do that. - [Rico] Well, I'm just thinking if you wanna have a second owner's cabin, you could also get rid of that office space here. Make it a massive shower. - You could. - You know? - You definitely could. - [Rico] And make this a second master. - Yeah, I mean, you'll lose this space. But if you want another cabin, you could totally do that. - There's all the plumbing and everything's there for it. - Okay. - [Rico] So going down one deck, but on the exterior. - Yeah, we're gonna go out. And there's something outside that I think we forgot to show you. - [Rico] We did? Rico missed a TV. - Oh no, I did. - There's a TV right there. Yeah, TV lift. - All right. - Okay, go down one deck. - [Rico] Down to the main deck. Oh, you can also close this up. This is awesome. - [Rico] Yup. - That's great. - [Rico] So if you have really bad weather, you just close it up. - I love that. Okay, let's go down. - [Rico] Still hear thunder. - Yeah, it's still here. It's not gone. All right, and we are back down to our main deck to this really beautiful aft deck . - [Rico] Well, we got just a small, small, small little glance earlier. - Yeah, we just ran through. So now we can actually show you. - [Rico] So, what do we have here? - Large sofa here and you can extend this space if you want to be to sit with more people. But yeah, it's set up. We easily have a nice... I feel like if everything on this boat is like six to eight, it feels really nice to hang out. - [Rico] Very comfortable. Actually, 10/10 too. - Well, you can. I'm just saying right now it's set up to be like six to eight. - But you can absolutely make it a 10. This is your Alfresco dining. It's set up for eight very comfortably. And like Rico said, you could go bigger. And here we have an actual bar, a dedicated bar with three bars stools here. And we have double sink. Same exact mirror set up. Same sink as we saw upstairs in the two other upper decks. We have drink fridges. I mean, they just matched in every deck which is a big check mark. You don't ever have to run up for a drink or for service. You can set everything up. It's all in the same area. It's pretty awesome. They have your little things here. I love them. It's so cool. - [Rico] Yup, the little... And what I really like is also the way they finished the cabinetry on the interior. - Yeah, it's all nicely, nicely properly done and finished. - The doors, right? - Uh-hmm. - [Rico] Yeah, another thing which is obviously not the happiest thing for the crew because glass is always a pain in the butt to clean, but having this glass here is actually... It comes in really, really handy. If it would be open, like right now we had the shower, you would not be able to do any service from where you're standing right now. With the glass, you definitely have the protection and you can just keep going whatever you're doing. - Yeah, we can close up that deck above us so there's no water coming in through that staircase. And this whole space, we can totally entertain. - [Rico] Speaking of that entertaining, there's another TV above you. - Oh yeah, right there. Very cool. - And if needed, they way that this is laid out, this deck you can absolutely enclose if you wanted to. You can easily put a soft enclosure if you wanted to. - Oh, sure. Sure, absolutely. - If you're gonna go in cruising some colder climates. - I don't think you'll do it here in Florida, but you could. Okay, let's pop in. I wanna show you the side deck. We already went all the way forward but I wanna show you these 'cause there's proper weather doors here. - [Rico] Weather wind doors, yeah. - Very nice. - [Rico] So that makes a big, big difference, especially underway. And if you wanna continue on with your life back here, you close these guys up. - [Rico] The wind stops and also the spray stops which makes a big difference. - A 100%, yeah. - So what do we have here? - So just wanted to show you the... We were forward already. You guys remember we were talking about how flared out the side decks where the bulwarks are? Just wanna show you this space. So, it's really nicely protected. Great overhang. I mean, this is a super yacht feel. Like there's no doubt this feels solid, tall, safe. - [Rico] And for yacht, the size, it's actually kind of unusual to have full walk-around on the main deck. Usually, it's going up and over. - Right? - Exactly. - [Rico] Most of the vessel of this size. So this is kinda unique actually to have the ability to go all the way forward on the main decks. - All the decks, you're able to go do that. That's really, really cool. - [Rico] Yeah, this makes it very easy for fender placement as well. You don't need to lower anything from the top deck. - Absolutely. Yes, we don't see it too often in this size. - [Rico] So where are we going? - So beep, beep, beep. We are gonna go into our salon now. - Can't wait. - All the fun stuff starts. Just wait until you see the galley. I'm a big fan. All right, real quick. Just wanted to ask you to hit that like button, subscribe, write us a couple of comments. It really, really helps our channel grow. It's the biggest help you guys can give us. So thank you for that. We really appreciate you. And all of those are writing us here for comments, you guys are the best. All right, let's go check out the interior. Okay, welcome to the salon. - Wow. Look at all the woodwork. I mean, it's just impeccable. It's so beautiful. And I love how they mixed in gloss with matte, just kind of that a bit of a contrast and then gives that timeless feel. 'Cause I feel like if the whole thing was gloss, you would feel a little bit 2000s. - But this really has this timeless vibe. You know, very classic. - [Rico] Very classic interior. - Same thing here. Look, they did the same thing here with the window. They just kind of split it, but also nice 'cause it allows to have that extra light coming through. - [Rico] Can't have enough windows. - So this looks like a bit of a bar here. Yup, that's a bar. Nice to have. Yeah, all the glassware here. - [Rico] I like how all the bottles are protected, have the cover over. - Yeah, very nice. - [Rico] So here on the starboard side, we have a pop up TV right there. - [Victoria] Oh, wow. - [Rico] With the flowers on top. - Yeah, it's big. A little car table here as well. So you have one up on in our sky lounge. Come on here. - Count the coffee table because... Look, if it's only, let's say the four of you, right? Or the two of you, you're probably not gonna use the big table. I mean, I wouldn't use the big table. I'd probably sit here. - Yeah, if this would be space you'd like, I know you kinda like this. - [Rico] I probably sit outside. - You're like a bistro guy. - [Rico] I'm bistro guy. - You actually will not even sit down. You'll just stand. - [Rico] I'll probably move this table. Get a high table. (Victoria and Rico laugh) - Anyway, here is... Oh, I thought it was thunder. - [Rico] I thought it was thunder. (Rico laughs) So, we have a sofa here. Good for three. So sitting for five here. This is also nice. There's an ottoman. There's a loose chair. I mean, this place's space is massive. So if you wanted to rework it, there is so much room to do whatever you want. But what I love is that they put storage everywhere. All the outport spaces have storage. Everything. Everything is storage on both sides. - [Rico] Another thing which we learned earlier, that Westport comes with everything. - We haven't gotten there yet. Wait. - We are not there yet. We are getting there. We are entering our indoor dining here. So, it's set for six right now. But it's definitely a space for eight. Absolutely. - [Rico] Okay, can I say something? - [Rico] I'm not a huge fan of life flowers. - [Rico] Because I feel like it's so wasteful. They get there for a couple of days and then you have to replace them and replace them and replace them. I feel like it's very wasteful. But that being said- - I think you just got so many non-rounded of points. - [Rico] First of all, are these real? - [Rico] They're real, okay. - I think. - [Rico] They are absolutely beautiful. - I think you just got like lots of minus points from all the ladies watching this channel because you basically said you're not into giving flowers. - [Rico] But I wanna acknowledge it. These ones look beautiful. - You think they're real? - Oh yeah, they're real. - [Rico] I don't know what are these. - Gladiolas. - Really? - [Rico] Wow, okay. I had no idea. They look really, really nice so... - Now you know why I don't get flowers too often 'cause he's not into flowers. - [Rico] I get you flowers. I get you flowers. I just did get you flowers. - I did get roses last week. It's true. - Back to the tour. - So what he wanted to say is, again stealing my thunder, is Westport comes fully stocked with all your China silverware. Check it out. All the cutlery... - [Rico] And designated spots for them. - Check it out. Boom! Look at this. - [Rico] Oh, that's gorgeous. - It is so nice. So this is your everyday... Everyday dining. - [Rico] Do we have them on every day? Yes. - We have the Sunday dishes? - And it all comes with that. We have formal. - [Rico] Oh, that's... Well, that's... Ooh, that's silver. - Oh, yeah. - That is proper silver. - Yeah, so you're definitely getting a super yacht treatment here. - Oh, that's beautiful. - [Rico] Yeah, very cool. - So... - [Rico] So since we're already on the topic, it comes with linen, it comes with spare parts, it comes with tools. And not just any tools. Not just like a hardware store tool set. No, it comes with Snap-on tools. Freaking awesome. Can I say freaking? Which is amazing. I mean, I always wanted to have a whole Snap-on tool set. But I've been too cheap actually to buy it for myself. - I actually know what the Snap-on is. Do you guys know? What is it? Is that a brand? - It's a brand, yeah. Next time you see a truck, you know, it looks like a UPS truck driving somewhere on the street, I will point it out and you will see. - [Victoria] Snap-on. - Snap-on, yes. - [Victoria] I don't know what that is. Okay, now I know what to get you. - All right, guys. If you know Snap-on, and I'm pretty sure there's like 99.999% of you, you know it, please put in the comments. - Is there something better than Snap-on? Put in comments. - Put it in the comments. - Okay, so what we're gonna do now is gonna be a little bit unusual. - [Rico] Why is it unusual? - Because we are not gonna go to the galley which is just right there on our port side. We are now gonna go all the way down and we're gonna look at all the guest state brought. Oh, this is a really nice staircase. Wow! We have a little landing area here. What's this? (Victoria knocks on the door) - [Rico] Technical space. Oh, yeah. Very cool. Wow, it's really cold in here. - [Victoria] Yeah, it's nice. - [Rico] So we have our breaker panel here. It's very, very cold. It's actually really very air conditioned. And then all our AV rack right here. - Nice. Okay, turn it off. Let's start on our starboard and we kinda go in circle. - Okay? - So we are starting with- So we have two VIP cabins and... I mean, they're all huge, you guys. But they're two twin cabins and two couples cabins basically. So, this is a king size bed. - It is huge. - Yeah, it is massive. - [Rico] That is a nice VIP cabin. - I mean, we've been on some like 186-footers and the cabins with the same size. - [Rico] A 100%. - So this is a very large space for sure. Wow. - [Rico] So you got good size closet. - Yeah, almost a walk in. I could definitely walk in there. - Cedar lines. - Great size. Beautiful woodwork everywhere. Very nice. - [Rico] TV there. - Really nice size nightstands with drawers underneath. There are drawers. Looks like... Yeah, underneath the bed. - [Rico] Everything is cedar aligned. - [Rico] And beautiful large port lights. - Yeah, how are they so clean? - [Rico] Yeah, they look really clean. - Yeah, that's amazing. En suite. - Yes, this crew is on point. They know what they're doing. Okay, we have an en suite. Check out. All of the en suites are massive. So we have double vanity here. You know somebody recently said dual vanity is not a thing. It's double vanity. - Am I wrong? - [Rico] Yeah, I like this dual vanity. - I think it's dual. I like dual. - [Rico] Dual, double, same thing. Dual means double. - Okay, what do we have here? So we have a little bit of medicine cabinet here. We have a separate bidet 'cause they had the space and they're like, "Why not?" You have a toilet, bidet. And we definitely have a nice at least one and a half probably... No, two-person shower. Two person for sure. - [Rico] Yup, with the rain shower head. - Yes, very nice. Okay, now we are gonna go to our port which is a matching cabin. Well, kind of. I don't remember this over there, right? - [Rico] Look at the natural light in here. - Yeah, and this drawers, I think are not on the other side, right? - [Rico] Yeah, there. - Do they have the same? - Same. - Oh, I missed it. So all of these drawers... - [Rico] Oh, I see. So this is the closet space for the starboard cabin here and then we have it reversed here on that side. - Smart. Yeah, I mean, this bed is massive and it still feels like a really good cabin. It's very tall. Look, I'm 6'8" and I'm not touching the ceiling. I mean, I'm not 6'8". But with my arm up, I'm 6'8". I'm 5'7". Victoria's actually very tall. You guys might not know, she's 6'8". - No, but my arm all the way up, we've measured because we always want to be able to tell you the real height, and it's 6'8" and I can't even touch the ceiling. So, it is really tall. - [Rico] Even the doll frames are really tall too. - Agreed. I haven't noticed that. That's very true. They go all the way up. - So, same here. - Interesting. - [Rico] Mirror image. - Yes, same exact thing. Lots and lots of space. Lots of storage. It's lovely. Really lovely. Great boat for charter as well. If you put it in a charter program, fantastic cabins. Okay, now we're gonna go to our port site, our twin cabin. Same thing here. We've got storage underneath all the beds. There's a good sized nightstand. Natural light. Same size. Look at that. Are they going to Alaska or something? - [Rico] Yeah, some foul weather here. Across, a TV again with the receiver for the sound. And of course, the DVD player. The integrated speakers in the ceiling here like in all the other cabins as well. - People still use DVDs? - [Rico] Yeah, I still have a bunch. - I know, but we don't use them. - [Rico] I know. - Okay, this is different. - [Rico] But beautiful. - Yes, the same... I mean, done the same way. Still lots of storage here underneath. Medicine cabinet here. And you have your head. And this shower, this actually feels bigger. - [Rico] Does it? - Yeah, it's definitely a very proper two-person shower. Yeah, great size. - [Rico] Also, a rain shower head, right? Okay, now we're gonna go and show you the fourth cabin, which has a little surprise. So, it's exactly the same. Just about, right? Let's check out the head first. Yeah, I would say mirror image. Pretty much identical. Same. Beautiful. Wow, this board holes are gorgeous. - [Rico] Board holes are beautiful, huh? And then we have this little... What do you call this? - [Rico] Nightstand. - I mean, yeah. But it's not low. - [Rico] It's a floating nightstand. - Yes, it's like a floating nightstand. A little surprise for you. That doesn't work. - [Rico] Hidden door. - [Rico] So, you got a hidden door here. - [Rico] And then we do have a watertight bulkhead here. So this is the watertight door which is left open for us so we can go through here. Normally, it would be closed. So that brings you immediately into the crew area and directly into the crew laundry. - Yes, so you have... This is basically a service access for the crew. When it guests are up on the main deck or on top, they can go and service this cabins and just disappear into this spot. Really cool. You don't need to carry all the laundry, all the sheets. Everything just gets put in right here. Really Awesome. Really cool to have that. So yes, they have two sets of professional Miele washer and dryers. And we're coming into our crew mess. - [Rico] Which is extremely tidy. So, it's like quite the opposite of a mess. - Yes, it's not a mess. But it's a nice size actually. So the boat is run with six crew. Could be technically up to eight if they would have couples joining. And the crew mess is definitely very comfortable for six for sure. Good size. They have a sink here. All of this is storage, draw fridges right here, a microwave. Yeah, it's a nice space. And we actually can show you a couple of cabins 'cause crew is pretty cool on this boat and they are letting us show to you. So, quickly pop in. We're not gonna open anything. Respect their privacy. So this is technically captain's cabin, right? So you'll have a single bed here, but it's much wider. It's like a extra twin, I think. It's called excel twin. It's like a bigger single bed. - I see, I see. Theoretically, it could be okay for two people for some time. - Yeah, two small people. Yes, definitely. - [Rico] Like a couple. - Look, there's a lot of storage. Actually, a lot. I don't- - [Rico] That is one of the reasons why the bed is so high up. - [Rico] One reason, of course, it's because the bow already flares in so it's higher up but also allows for more storage underneath. - Do you see all of this? - [Rico] A lot, yeah. - I mean, there are lots of drawers and there's still like a hanging locker here and all of this. This is a lot of storage. And we can quickly look into this head and just pop in. - [Victoria] It's a separate shower. - [Rico] Walk-in shower. - And then let's go show you one of the bunk cabins as well. So there must be some more storage here that they have. And their matching cabin is here. There are bunk cabins right here and they also have their own en suite. - [Rico] So yeah, we have again a walk-in shower there. Sink and the head. - Yeah, great size. Here we have an easy access to our galley. Just straight up. Okay, welcome to the galley. - [Rico] Wow! - This is a real, I would say, commercial style galley. It's set up for professional chef. Little birdie told us that it was designed by Boeing. - [Rico] Well, the cabinetry was built by Boeing. - Built by Boeing. Not the galley but the cabinetry. And you can see it, it's pretty cool because there's a lot of details. Kind of a plain built details here. - [Rico] Look at this, guys. It's stainless steel framing and then you still have the wooden inserts in the cabinet doors. - Look at this. How neat is this? - That is pretty cool. - I absolutely love it. I love the stainless steel frames even around the cabinet doors. - And you know, that's like pretty much indestructible. Like you just... It's- - That lasts forever. - So all of this cabinetry underneath here and then you have that side entrance there. - [Rico] Yeah, so bringing your provisions is gonna be very easy just here from the side deck. - Yeah, it's great access to the galley. It's fantastic. - Okay, let's show the galley. - Just so cool. Okay, so commercial style refrigeration. - [Rico] Northland? - Oh, I don't even know what that is. - [Rico] Yeah, Northland refrigeration and freezer space. - Look, they have all this proper... I would say, airplane style. I now learned- - A lot of things. - I learned the word for it. Now I forgot what it's called because I was researching it. - [Rico] So more storage underneath here. - Lots and lots of storage. This is amazing. - Yeah, this is a beast here. What is this? - CookTek. It says CookTek. - Yes, it is. Well, this is. But this is that Gaggenau. And these look like... One looks like a steam oven. - Is it a steam oven? - Yeah, another one, I don't know what that is. Is it just an oven maybe? - [Rico] I mean, can we check that out? We have 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 massive induction plates. - Yeah, this whole setup. I mean, commercial fire suppression system here, the extractor fan, everything is just commercial. - [Rico] And isn't it like a grill here? Yeah, that's a grill. - It's a grill? - [Rico] That's a grill. - [Victoria] Oh yeah, I think you're right. Exactly. - Which is really cool that they put it in this space right underneath the hood. So if you're actually using it, then it's really creating a little bit of- - This galley, I love the way it's played out. It allows potentially two chefs to be working together quite well because you have this whole prep space but you still have this whole prep space. And you're really out of each other's way. This part can also be used a bit as a stew's pantry if needed. You know, for service. So you have a little bit of space here and the chef is still have a lot of them to work there. - [Rico] So, you got a wine fridge. And then here we have an ice maker. - [Rico] Wow, huge ice maker. Commercial ice maker. - Fantastic. Look, everything's got these. What are they called? Oh, put in the comments if you remember. - [Rico] Locking mechanisms. - Oh, look at this. - [Rico] Fisher and Paykel. - Yeah, they have a... That's the double drawer. - [Rico] Yup, the bottom is a small drawer and the top one is the larger one. - And this is a... - Trash compactor. Yeah, this is commercial all the way. That's fantastic. The two really deep, large sinks. Look how deep they are. - [Rico] That's an interesting setup, right? Because it has the rounding here. So, it is made for corner. And it's beautiful the way it's designed. - Yeah, I absolutely love this galley. There's something here too. There's another mic... No, it's not a microwave. - [Rico] Yeah, it is. - Oh yeah, that's a little microwave. Yeah, this is just cool. - [Rico] Cool galley, right? - I love this galley. - [Rico] Yeah, me too. - I will remember this galley. I've never seen one like this. Some of these... You know, you always ask this. Some of the cool stuff that we've seen, I got to say like certain things really... They kind of... You never forget them. And this galley is gonna stay with me. The window here is really beautiful as well. - [Rico] Yeah, well, that's a view, right? - Yeah, not a bad place to work. - [Rico] I'd love to make a meal in here. - A pasta. - [Rico] Yeah, a pasta. - A pizza. A pasta. - Pizza, pasta, everything. - Okay, so now from here, we actually get to go and show you the owner suite. And it comes with some very interesting features. - [Rico] Okay. - Okay, so we have a little... You know, what do we call this? The little... Sneak in the midnight snack. - [Rico] Snack doorway. - Snack doorway. Yeah, that you can actually go and pop into the galley and make yourself a midnight snack. - [Rico] Snack door. - Snack door. - So, should we show you this first? - [Rico] Well, just to see where we are. - Yeah, why don't you do it? - I just wanna show you quick. So this is the... - [Victoria] Yeah, let's go back a little - Side door here. That would be your main landing area once you come on board. - [Victoria] This is how we entered the boat, actually. - That's how we enter here. You have your side staircase right there and then you have the big sliding door here. So this is your main staircase where you would arrive in. So now moving forward, we saw this all already. We have a day head here. A friendly... A friendly day head. And we have a sink, a mirror. Hey, we never get to do it together. Yeah, a cute little day head. - [Victoria] Sorry, sorry, sorry. - Okay, let's close this back up. So, close this up here. - [Victoria] Okay. - There we go. - What's going on here? Why are you closing us up? - Okay, okay. Wait, hang on, hang on. - [Victoria] Okay, okay. - So now you have something- - [Victoria] Very dramatic. - We have something very unique here. Now we can close this up. Now you're wondering why would be gonna close this up? The day head is right here. Well, the current owner wanted to have two heads for the owner suite. Since the main en suite only has one head, has two vanities but has only one head, so he created this here, a separation door. We can close the door to the galley. And now... Hi, toilet. - It's a private a head. - Now it's a private head. It's actually the secondary head for the owner suite. - [Victoria] Very interesting. - [Victoria] That was his NBBL and he made it work. - He made it work. Yeah, exactly. - [Victoria] Respect. - Let's close this back up here. And if you don't know, you don't know. - You will never know. 100%. If you don't know, you don't know. - Oh, now you know. - Now you know. Okay, walking into our owner suite. So what Rico pointed out earlier is that this model is not full beam. You have this like full walk around decks. The owner suite, because of it, is not full beam. So it's a bit narrow that sometimes we see on the size of this boat. But I think they resolved it quite well. And I don't necessarily feel that it's... You missing out or something. You'll see the size of this cabin. I think it's plenty good. - [Rico] Okay, so we come... - We do have basically a separate office space here as well. So there's two people that wanna work on board. You've got your salon, upper salon sky lounge area which you can make an office and close it up and you also have this here which you can also close up and have a really nice separate private office here. - With a desk and everything. - Again, is it ready for Zoom meetings? - [Victoria] Yeah, great Zoom meeting. Yes, it is. Walking into our owner suite, check this out. - [Rico] Yeah, it's plenty. - Do you feel like compromising? - [Rico] No, it's plenty of beam. I don't think we need more than that. - I think it's fine. - [Rico] It is a king size bed, of course. And then we have his and hers closet, I assume. - Yeah, should we open it up? I'll help. Closet, it's kind of my specialty. What? - Oh, it's a walk-in. - Walk in! Holy Molly. - [Rico] Really good size. - It's more like a sit-in closet that I walk in. - Very good size. - This is a timeout spot. - [Rico] Okay, let's go. We don't have time. - I can time out now, okay. - [Rico] We don't have time for timeout. - Okay, the battery's gonna die. Okay, and then all of this is storage. Storage underneath the bed. There's lots of drawers behind Rico there. These windows are beautiful. Really, really nice. - Such a nice space. It's the same. Well, this would be yours I think, but it's exactly the same. Yeah, it's fantastic size. You can totally live here. - [Rico] Let's check out the en suite. Why, because you wanna go to that engine room so bad? - There's a makeup getting ready or secondary desk spot here with a little poof. And we're walking into our en suite, so we have... - Yeah, I know. And it's kind of a... - [Rico] Oh, it's like deceiving. It looks like it's a lot deeper than- - You think it keeps going, but this is it. Yes, so we have a double sink, dual vanity, lots of countertop space. Beautiful view here. Absolutely gorgeous view. And then we have our medicine cabinets here. - [Rico] Say it's a two to three person shower. - I think it's a three-person shower. - It's a three person shower. - Yeah, it's definitely a lot of room here. And the fan's on which is nice. It has a fan built in here, if you guys can hear the humming. Yeah, that's also nice to have. So it keeps the humidity down. Looks like there's another linen space here. Wow, linen storage. And here is that infamous second head that we were talking about. - [Rico] Well, technically it's the first head. - All the toilets onboard are so friendly. - [Rico] Yeah, and lit up too. - Yes, goodness. Very friendly. Yeah, pretty cool. - What now? - Now we going all the way aft and check out the lazarette and engine. - Do it. - All right, shall we? - [Victoria] We shall. - Sure, okay. Wait there. Your emergency steering. - [Victoria] Uh-huh. - I like the position of that actually a lot. Anyway, so welcome to the lazarette. This is very, very comfortable. Look at the space in here. This is crazy. And it's air conditioned. - Lots and lots of fishing rods here. - [Victoria] Someone is a real fisherman. - So this is... Wow, look at how clean this is here. - [Victoria] This boat, it's 11 years old but it's in fantastic condition. - Phenomenal, yeah. - [Victoria] The crew is definitely doing a great job. - We have the engineer's cabin here which would be great cabin for a couple. - [Victoria] Really nice cabin. As a captain, I wouldn't mind it. But it's a little too far away, right? - [Rico] It's a great cabin. - [Victoria] And you have an en suite here as well with a walk-in shower. - Is this how it feels to be you? - You can just stand around and then I have to do all the work with the camera and stuff. - [Victoria] Yeah, but I look so much better on camera. - How about now? How about now? - [Victoria] Okay, go. - No, I'll take it. - [Victoria] No, this is supposed to be yours side. - Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay. So you got two compressors here. We got a small compressor on top here and then we have a larger compressor down here which I believe is a dive compressor, if I'm not wrong. But it says air compressor on right here. We do have some additional staples which are removed right now because we have the cross dock line, crossed all the way aft. Got some dive tanks here. We have a huge ice maker here. - [Victoria] Massive. Yeah, I think they like fishing. - Refrigeration and freezer space. Oh, wow. A freezer... All right, we can go. Oh, it's cold. - Holy cow, it's cold. - Oh, I just felt it. - So then follow me into this room here. We have our water heaters here. The sewage treatment plant. So here... Oh, that's a swim ladder, right? Ah, that's a nice spot for it, right? So we have our Headhunter sewage treatment plant here. As you guys can see, big Headhunter here. So now we have dual water makers, Aqua Whisper. This was just rearranged. The previous chillers were here. Now they changed the whole layout and they have brand new flow marine system... Chiller systems here. Actually, four chillers for the entire boat, with the brains all the way up there on top. So, I'll never have any issues with water leaking or dripping on it. Oh, and I forgot to mention, we have the membranes there below for the water maker. I like it that's in a separate room. Look how quiet it is already just because it's in a separate room. - [Victoria] He's really milking this camera time, isn't he? - Beautiful work page. - [Victoria] Oh, this is an engineer's dream. - Look at all this. Look at all this Snap-on. So what is it? Let me see this Snap-on thing. What is the Snap-on? - All Snap-on. It's a brand. - Oh! - It's all Snap-on. - [Victoria] Okay, I get it. So this whole thing comes with a boat? - Comes with the boat. - [Victoria] Wow, this is crazy. - I mean, look at all this. Look at all this. - This is really crazy. - This is incredible. Nice work bench. A vice. Sink. Storage. - [Victoria] Wow, huge Fireboy in there. - Huge Fireboy. Yeah, fire suppression system or tank actually. Now moving over to the starboard side, we have our electrical panel here. - [Victoria] Ah, this is all very nice and organized and it feels like you have space everywhere. Generator control is right here. And then this is the staircase going up into the cockpit, I believe. - [Victoria] Yeah, that's the door that we didn't talk about and I wanted to know where it went. So right from the cockpit on the starboard side, you can go down here. - Oh, that's great. - So this would be... This would be obviously the way to use underway. - [Victoria] Yes. - You would not go on the swim platform. - And enter. - [Victoria] Okay, ready to show this engines? - Yes, I can't wait. I can't wait. But before we go in the engine room, I wanna quickly mention something. If you're looking to sell your boat, if you have a boat you want to sell or if you're looking for the next boat... - [Victoria] Well, we get tons of this comments on the videos. People are looking for an honest broker. - Many of you might not know, but we do own a brokerage and we can help you find the next boat. Here's the disclaimer. If you just want a sales person who's selling you whatever to make the quick buck, I'm not the right person because I will honestly tell you what I think about the boat, what I think about the condition of the boat, and it might not be necessarily what you wanna hear but it will be an honest opinion. If you're interested, just reach out through the website and we can help you. And now let's go check out the engine room. You got to check this out. Are you kidding me? Look at the size of these. Come check it out. Look at these engines. This is crazy, honestly. Well, it is a semi-displacement vessel, 130 feet. It needs quite some horsepower in order to get up on- - [Victoria] How much horsepower are we talking? - Each engine has almost 3000 horsepower. This is... Look at the air filters. The air filter... Look at the turbochargers. There are two stage turbochargers for each side. Not each side engine. No, each side of the engine. It's incredible. It's absolutely incredible. So we got 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6. So, we got 12 engines. - [Victoria] Is it just me or they look like they are brand new? They're so shiny. - They do look brand new, right? The size of the turbos. Look at the size of the turbos. The exhaust is going overboard. So I don't know where to start actually. I'm kinda excited. - [Victoria] Yeah, no kidding. - Look at the size of the exhaust. We got a manifold over there and we have a power converter here. Another one here. Fire extinguisher. Big, big exhaust right there again. MTU main engine, control panels, So we have control panel here. And then obviously, the electronics modules. Here we have the transmission. The shaft, we can see the shaft all the way down there. And of course, our hydraulic pickups as well, our PTOs. The size of this engine, I just can't get over it. It's massive. Absolutely massive. Let me look over here. Jump on top. So, look at this guys. There's plenty of space to work around the engine. There's one of the big generators here on the port side, the port generator. Now, let's move over to the starboard side. Just wanna show it to you guys. There we go. Starboard generator right here on the outboard side right there, and good access as well. There's a whole walkway on the outside. So, great access to the main engines. Great access to the generator. Couldn't be any better. Really cool too. Compressed air. So you can just pull it out of the ceiling. Moving forward, it is... Just want to mention it is air conditioned. So we have air condition out here and another one here. It really feels beautifully cool in here. Fuel manifold right here on stainless steel. Fuel transfer pump right there and indicator for the fuel tank levels. Look how it's all beautifully routed. Stainless steel are beautifully routed and secured with these blocks here. That's awesome. Got our sea water supply there for the starboard main engine. Same here for the port engine. And like I mentioned, you can walk around completely here. Very clean bilge area. Beautifully finished as well. Engine mounts right here. And it's actually quite quiet in here. We have an escape hatch here on the port side. Look at these fuel filters here. They're massive. Wow, absolutely incredible. I got to say, I just read... Obviously, everything is labeled here, right? Look at the engine hours. So this one, last service was 5,023 hours. 5,000 hours on these engines. They look to me like they were just installed. I mean, isn't that crazy? - Yeah, I mean, this crew is a dream crew. The boat looks amazing. Nothing smells. The engine room looks spotless. This whole... I mean, I have no shoes on here. It's just spotless. This is 11-year old boat. This is the proper of super yacht crew. This is the crew you wanna have. - [Rico] That's the boat you wanna buy. - That's the boat you wanna buy and that's the crew you wanna steal. Anyway, I hope you guys enjoyed this tour and hit the like button. Subscribe. Do all that good stuff. We really, really appreciate it. Makes a huge difference in helping us grow. And if you're looking for some of Rico's engine room tours, check us out on the Patreon. Ciao. (beep) - [Rico] Intake place. - Intake? Gee. so this is- - Formal dining? - Formal dining, yes. - [Rico] Formal indoor dining. I can't see you. - [Rico] It's a soft closure. - Ah.

  Top Comments:
  1. @greybradshaw7383 [1 likes]: GREY BRADSHAW
  2. @shaneoliver8669: great yacht
  3. @creightonleerose582: @ 53:05...Dude, NO WAY!?...The 10MM socket is present and accounted for!
(Akin to 'Dryer Socks' that vanish, regarding the mystery of most men's missing 10mm socket(s..;)
  4. @creightonleerose582: My most favored cousin, "The AMAZING Bill Rose" (Or 'Mr. Wonderful') 
IIRC? he's has been @ Westport Shipyards for 25+ years now? 
(Total working time along with the prior company that was bought out)
Many of his friends are employed by the company. Extremely interesting, sometimes dangerous, always funny group of talented characters.
>> They all happen to suffer from work, that state being the curse of the partying class <<

Out in Westport, your either a commercial fisherman or work in the yard there.
He does a ton of differing things there, but specializes in sawdust &/or the custom carpentry and woodworking aspects. 
Youll be viewing his fine work right here^
If youve got the time and ever find yourself in Westport, WA, I HIGHLY suggest asking for a tour of the facilities and build process there. Its impressive.

Shit, ask for Bill Rose personally? He'd LOVE to pretend your some far distant weirdo-relative from Nebraska, and burn an hour or so on company time, showing ya around the shop and any build theyve got goin  on @ that moment.

The pallets those gargantuan motors arrive on from the manufacturer were big n' hefty enough that with 2 of them, Bill was able to build a substantial BRIDGE over the swampy area, just beyond his back deck gun range/drinking club....;)
  5. @Kep79: Oh Victoria😍🔥
  6. @jimmy_jarhead: Im sorry but SHE is the only reason I watch this channel.
  7. @GaryHoffman-t1k: My dad owned a 50 foot SeaRay! In Florida, Seasta Keys! But had to write and say you both do a great job together! What fun and of course no easy feat to review these beautiful yachts! Bravo!
  8. @happypatriot: I LOVE this yacht. Wow factor in the details. That kitchen cabinetry is something else. The Engine room, very nice. The chilled/very cooled electronics closet so everything runs at peak performance. The entertaining spaces are vary nice. For a boat this size it really is impressive. It looks brand new all the way through. Was this ever even used? Well obviously it has been when the engines have over 5K hours but it simply doesn't show at all. Really, really nice.  Thank you for the tour!
  9. @Ken-KG1: Not for me with GRP hull.
  10. @mmoore354: Of course I know snap on  in fact I used to make pick up and deliveries to there wherehouse in Columbus ohio when I was a truck driver for yellow freight
  11. @davidlarson2534: I’m with Rico on flowers. Even my late wife agreed. She didn’t like live flowers because they die quickly. Being a former mechanic, I know SnapOn. And for a long time only SnapOn made a 5.5mm Nut Driver. And anyone who worked on Mercedes and Audi knows, you need a 5.5mm.
  12. @davidlarson2534: At 25:30 you show the side storm door. Don’t they also have a screen door to keep the mosquitoes out? I have a question for Rico. The Anchor Island is all Chrome. I am highly photophobic. That much sun reflecting off the chrome will trigger a migraine. Can all that chromeverks be made with a brass finish or a matte black thick powder coat?’😊
  13. @rbdebole: beautiful sky lounge!
  14. @Mmmmchocolate: Great deal, I’ll take 10.
  15. @MichealClark-pv9fw: No snap on is the best easy to have 100k plus in a tool box
  16. @chefsplaylist8754: Lovely yacht - as a former yacht chef, the galley really impressed and just so you know, the correct term for the "grill" above the induction plates is "salamander"😉I love watching your channel👏👏👏
  17. @lgoudarzi: I am old school and this boat checks so many boxes for me. It represents what a yacht should be. As Rico said it’s frigging awesome. Love the galley. Can’t believe all the equipment in galley. The curved area on the sink is so cool. ( sounding like Victoria). Yes you look better on camera. Finally wow that engine room.
  18. @EricKerman: T quote a  now deceased  yacht broker  friend of  mine
Life is too short to  own an  UGLY  boat
  19. @rubenrodriguez-qq2dv: Snap-on finer than the flowers on that table a lot more expensive
  20. @planb5441: That Eye Level Grill is called a Salamander. You'll find them in any Restaurant. The temperature in them is 700 Degrees Fahrenheit. 😎

- VIZIATA | 40M/130', Westport - Yacht for Charter: Kind: captions Language: en Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Sonydane: How Blessed i would be if ever i enjoyed such an experience in my lifetime with all the war and human suffering that's constantly occurring.
  2. @TottiTotti-cz4jg: Top

- WESTPORT YACHTS WONDERFUL NEW MODELS!: Kind: captions Language: en yachts for sale and charter youtube channel here opening a window into the world of yacht brokerage and if you watch the channel regularly you'll know that i'm currently in the bahamas where we've been filming some amazing yachts including this incredible headship called w that's available for charter and i'm really hopeful that very soon i'll be able to publish that video for you to see while i was on board though i got talking to the captain quite a few times and he was telling me that his previous two yachts were both westports and he was singing their praises which made me think that actually it's been some time since i did cover westport as a brand on this channel and in fact since the last video two new models have been released by that company so i thought it's high time that i update you on what's going on at westport [Music] the westport range now consists of five yachts from their 112 all the way to the new 172 that we'll be looking at in a moment the 112 holds a lot of memories for me because i used to represent the italian shipyard ferretti custom line in the united states and westport were an absolute thorn in our side many of their models were comparable in size to ours we had a custom line 112 and they had a westport 112 but the price difference between the two at the time was considerable our product was very italian full of expensive cabinetry and with beautiful styling and big engines the westport product cost less had smaller engines and was robust voluminous and practical the americans loved it and it was a tough competitor this model has been a huge success for them with 65 units built and delivered to happy owners my guess though is that they are looking at retiring it in favor of the new 117 i should state that the shipyard absolutely have not said that to me it really is just my opinion the 117 really is a very pretty boat far more visually attractive than the 112 to my eye she's designed to cruise at 20 knots has a top speed of 24 knots and will accommodate 10 guests in five cabins with additional space for five crew i'm looking forward to seeing the first one launched at which point i'm sure a lot more information will become available and i wouldn't be surprised if this model continues to build on the success of the 112. moving up through their range we come to the 125 which are covered in a vlog some time back but it's worth noting that they've built and launched at least seven of these since i covered it as a new model three years ago for a grp production yacht of this size that is quite remarkable but nothing compared to the westport 130 that my research indicates they have produced 44 units of since they started production in the year 2000 this is an absolutely iconic superbly designed american super yacht that ticks all the boxes for so many owners she also can cruise at 20 knots and has a top speed of 24 knots with five staterooms for 10 guests and accommodation for seven crew it's the new westport 172 that i particularly want to bring to your attention though previously westport's biggest offering was the 164. my research indicates that they delivered an astonishing 14 of these yachts and so their new 172 foot model has big shoes to fill the new model will be 52.5 meters long that's 172 feet 3 inches in case you're wondering if it will fit on the dock outside your house she'll have a 9.39 metre beam that's 30 feet and 10 inches and she's expected to cruise at 19 knots and have a top speed of 21 and a half knots she'll be able to sleep 12 guests in six staterooms and accommodate a crew of 12. the styling of this yacht is just magnificent and it's great to see that she has features such as this opening beach club that was developed by european builders and has proven to be so popular but remember that on a yacht of this size westport will no doubt be happy to work with your personal interior designer to ensure that you get the look that you want this promises to be an extremely popular yacht i expect to see many of them launched and delivered over the coming years well in just two days i'm due to fly to fort lauderdale we have a lot of yacht walkthrough videos due to film and if all goes according to plan the yacht videos we've already filmed will be published just a couple of days after we publish this vlog here so there on in you'll have lots and lots of your videos published that will feed your yacht knowledge and nourish your aspirations i do want to say too that i do listen and read your comments on this youtube channel even though i don't always have time to reply to them a few weeks ago i asked for your opinion on a video that we published of a yacht called c-axis i personally loved that video but you guys absolutely hated it hated siddis the negative comments were overwhelming some even unsubscribed from this channel even though the video was destined for a totally different channel that of northrop johnson as you may know when we film a walkthrough video for this channel we use the footage to do a second edit for a different video for the northrop johnson channel and i really just wanted to do something a little bit adventurous to make them stand out anyway we listened to your comments we've adjusted the way that we do videos for the northrop and johnson channel to modify them and more in keeping with what you guys said that you would prefer so i've put a link to one of our latest videos on another robin johnson channel at the end of this video please take a look at it and do let me know what you think if we've improved and if we're going in the right direction i would say don't hold back in your comments but i don't think any of you have that problem

  Top Comments:
  1. @michaelbcohen [6 likes]: People forget we have so many good yacht yards in the US. Ours tend to be under 55m, most under 40m, but what we build tends to be well constructed, classy and elegant, and efficient layouts. Such a shame the only yacht yard in the US that builds over 60m is Delta Marine which maxes out at 100m building capability. We have capacity for bigger given out commercial and military ship building industry. But thanks for featuring more of our American Yachts, we have an amazing boating culture here and great domestic options.
  2. @user-wx3so6pd5g [1 likes]: If you want to improve your videos, watch Nick with “Aquaholic”. His tour is easy to follow. He starts on the main deck aft, goes through the salon, all the way through to the galley or the main deck owner suite. Then he doubles back after showing the day head and goes down to the guest accommodations room by room. From there, it’s up to the bridge deck aft, and the sky deck followed by the bridge appointments. Continuing on up to the sun deck, if there is one to show the accommodations and appointments there. To finish, she goes all the way down to the crew accommodations and the engine rooms, finishing on the aft deck. You’ll see why people love his tours.
  3. @amandakidwell1740 [1 likes]: Ahhh, the amount of time, manpower, and various materials that go into making yachts, truly epic!! A $40m toy 😂
  4. @rlsearch1 [1 likes]: David, thank you for taking onboard our feedback, it's refreshing to hear and see and I'm sure will pay back in loyalty and new subscribers - take care one and all, wherever in the world you may be.
  5. @allenmcquhae [1 likes]: David, I’ve been watching your content for some time now. I’ve enjoyed just about every video. Keep the great videos coming. I especially love the walkthroughs.
  6. @SethRBaron [1 likes]: Adding pricing information is also part of our education.  For example, price of Westport 172 vs. Majesty’s new 174?  Both are GRP, similar in size, etc.
  7. @glenbolton [1 likes]: You won't believe it, i purchased a Westport yesterday, it was at that very moment the bus driver woke me up at the bus depot.
  8. @stevenhill6428: Uh oh I liked sea axis video
  9. @paulcunningham2859: Hope you will update nordhavn latest dev
  10. @mrlavish6151: What soundtrack is this?
  11. @peterherd5982: Although I do enjoy your videos very much,I do wish you would include the range of the vessels at different speeds.
  12. @randyfuller7294: Question ❓ can you hire short time professional Crew.   For a few weeks  your boats is being used self use, personal one day/hours local  then going on a long trip need to get  much more full crew.
  13. @bp1701a: This is another GREAT video, Thank you for all that you do.
  14. @johnsim3722: When you seen your name as on of those who commented on the previous video...   What can I say?   I'm still subscribed. :-)
  15. @paulcunningham2859: Westport is a great company hope to see more emphasis on other great American companies like delta. Nordhavn .burger and Christiansen .. also check out viking the builder of great sport fishing yachts
  16. @TheOUboy: Nice to see the Company is expanding their offerings.
  17. @Ethan7s: At over 120 feet for the larger models, how are they when it comes to trans Atlantic/Pacific crossings with the composite hulls?
  18. @chrisgarceau9282: Any news on wider?
  19. @andrewweaver45: Hey David! Will you be at the Monaco Yacht Show this September? Great video!
  20. @FLGurl: You can't please 100% of the people 100% of the time.  There are always going to be those who will act like children and throw a hissy fit.

- EXCLUSIVE: The Yacht To Beat Europe? 🌎 Westport W117 Yacht Tour & Review: Kind: captions Language: en-GB Americans buy a lot of superyachts, but they don't build very many, apart from in Washington State, where Westport has been building boats since 1964 and this is the brand new W117. It replaces the 112, and it's having its world premiere here at Palm Beach. And if you think you know what Westport's all about, well this has got a surprise in store, so stick with me on this tour, and I'll show you what I mean. I'm Jack Haines. Welcome to YachtBuyer. Before we crack on with this tour, make sure you subscribe. Hit subscribe. Hit the bell icon. You'll be notified every time we upload a new video. Right this tour, we're going to start down here at the beach club, big news in the world of Westport. Beach club might be pushing it a little bit, but it's still a nice area to have. You can see this is a very impressively engineered hatch. When it closes down you've still got a door in there as well so you can get in without lifting up the lifting up this whole thing. And you'll also spot there's a shower, speakers, lighting in there. And then down in this bit, you've got somewhere you can just sit in the shade. You've got a fridge down here, sink, ice maker, so you can be right down by the water line enjoying swimming and stuff. But you have all of your equipment down here. There's actually a bathroom down there, inside the engine room as well, so you're not too far away from toilet - works really nicely. And over on this side, this is, again, not something you see all that often. It's actually got a mini petrol station in there, so you've got petrol tank, and you can fill the tender from down here. Very, very convenient indeed. Right, check out the cockpit. The first thing you're met by in the cockpit on the port side is the bar. Nice bar area it is too. I like this blue glass top they've got here. Also some pop up lights, which spring up in the evening for some ambient lighting. There's fridge and ice maker down here as well. And then this is a real sort of Westport hallmark design. This really well covered cockpit space, shady, breezy, nice place to have lunch in the heat of the day and loads of floor space to walk around. You've even got a TV that swings down from that overhead, so people sitting there can watch some television. Over on this side, this is up to the flybridge, and this is a really good staircase down into the engine room. We're of course, going to visit that later on. We're going to visit the interior in a second as well. But before we go inside through those doors, let's stay on deck and head up front. There's quite a lot going on on these side decks, and they're linked all the way around up to the foredeck. First thing is, you've got doors on both sides, so you can close these to stop the breeze funneling into the cockpit when people are dining in there, there are side gates on both sides as well. So if you're moored side-to, it's very easy to get on and off. There's a gangplank as well that I'll show you in a second. Big, chunky mooring gear - right at foot level, though so you've got to watch your toes if you're walking around barefoot, because that could be a little bit painful. And then we arrive at a pair of sliding doors. This one leads into the passageway just aft of the owners cabin. On the other side, they go straight into the galley, which is really nice. I'll show you that once they're on the inside. And here is the carbon fibre gangplank I was telling you about. This is a nice bit of engineering, isn't it? So yeah, if you're side-to, this slots in. You've got a really easy way to get on and off the boat if you're alongside the pontoon. Let's head right forward. There's a really prominent flair on this bow. It really arcs out as you move forward. Looks great on here, and it'll be really good if you're going through heavy seas as well. Now, because this main deck stretches such a long way forward to account for the owner's cabin, this is not a very big living space. You've got this nice bench here which really catches the evening sun. It's absolutely lovely. But, you know, there are rivals which have got sun beds up here, tables, the works. So this is a little bit minimalist. It's really a working area. Gorgeous equipment here as well. The bell centrally, obviously you've got twin anchors. All your mooring gear here. It's all very sort of purposeful, but not much of a living space. That's the decks then, let's head inside and check out the interior. Through the Star Trek doors then and inside the interior. And when I mentioned a surprise in the intro, this is what I was referring to, maybe unfairly, I thought of Westport as being very traditional, heavy on the inside, dark, traditional. Not the case in here, it's bright, it's interesting, dare I say, it feels quite European. But I really like the decor in here, and it's practical as well. Things like having these huge storage areas either side with all the glassware fiddled away. This boat comes with everything, cutlery, glassware, crockery. It's all in the price. They really want to make it a turnkey package, and obviously it's well located for guests to be served by the crew. You can have the dining space forward, or you can have it aft, like this here. I think this works nicely because it's connected to the cockpit. Some interesting decor choices. I'm not quite sure what these remind me of, but put in the comments what they remind you of. Either way, there are little interesting decor delights all over the place, and I really like this furniture, the mix of sofas, very comfortable looking arm chairs down there with the light over the top. Obviously the TV is front and centre. You can sit down and watch a movie, and loads of light coming in here. Big windows. Views out are great as well. It's a really well proportioned space. We head forward, we get to another surprise, which is the galley. Now, this is something that you don't often see on European boats, and that is this family style kitchen, and it does feel like a boat where crew and owner are going to have a more familial relationship. The fact that you can sit in this type of breakfast nook, while the chef's cooking away, have your breakfast in here, chat to them if the owner wants to do a bit of cooking, it feels like the sort of kitchen you'd find in at home, not necessarily on board a boat. I mentioned these sliding doors when we're on deck. You can leave these open. People can drift in and out, help themselves to snacks and drinks and yeah, it all just feels very family orientated and nicely equipped as well. I love this big island. You've got really good cooking facilities over here, with decent extraction overhead, big sub zero fridge as well, freezer drawers down here and lots of counter space too. It connects forward down to the crew area, which we're gonna check out in a moment. But for now, let's stay on this deck and head forward and check out the owner suite before we get there, though. These are the sliding doors on the starboard deck that I pointed out when we're out on the deck a moment ago. You've got a day head here as well. And then this staircase leads up to the raised pilot house. We've got the bridge up there and we'll pop up there later on. And now we're into the owner's cabin. The first thing you see is a really good size, almost full beam walk in wardrobe, but that's lovely. And now we're into the bulk of the cabin. Really bright in here, huge window, so natural light is great. You've got lovely views as well when you're lying in bed. And I must say, the carpet, it's very squidgy, comfortable under foot. It's really nicely furnished. It's much brighter downstairs in terms of the decor - I'll show you when we get down to the guest cabin. This is much more muted, but again, with things like these lighting fixtures and the swirl patterns and the indirect lighting, it's really nice. Space up there for a big TV with a big sound bar as well, so you can watch TV in bed. There's an iPad over there, which controls all the AV independently. Got a chaise longue underneath this window, storage over there, and quite an interesting arrangement in the bathrooms as well... Which has quite a unique arrangement because there's a shared shower in the middle, but it's really big, and then you've got identical sink and toilet totally separate, so you can choose which one you prefer, and if you really want you can both sit on the toilet and wave at each other. Right, that's the owner's cabin. Let's go downstairs and check out the guest spaces. Right down to the lower deck then where the guests are going to be sleeping. First things first, the bottom of the stairs. You have this storage area, to be honest, the crew are going to use that. It's good place to have towels and linens and things like that. We're going to start heading amidships, where we find two pretty much identical double cabins. And they're nicely done these. This one is particularly bright and welcoming when you come in. They've all got slightly different themes, but there are things they share as well, which is loads of head height, nice, big berths, really comfortable beds, big bedside tables, really good AV as well. You can see you've got speakers in the ceiling. Nice TV mounted up on the wall. And storage is good as well. Big wardrobe behind the en suite door, draw storage too. And they've all got private bathrooms. They're a good size. Separate shower cubicles, plenty of storage in there as well. They're nice and bright, nice places to be. If we head this way, we find another double again, very similar in layout to what we've just seen, slightly darker, slightly more sombre in here, not quite as bright, but yeah, similar stuff. Space is really good and really comfortable. Again, really good separate shower cubicle inside that bathroom. It's lovely. The spaces work together really well, but the room next door is interesting. The room of many possibilities. When they gave us the tour, Westport said you can do anything you want in here. Leave your imaginations to it. But what they mean is you could have a gym, a study, they've actually put some extra headroom in here. If you have got a treadmill, you're bouncing along, you're not going to crack your head on the ceiling. Equally, these are Pullman berths. So these drop down so you can have semi permanent berths. Or if you just want another double, they'll put a permanent double in here, because there is a bathroom over there as well. So yeah, super flexible space, and it connects directly to the crew area. Wait until you see this crew area. First things, first, laundry on this side, two of each, which is always nice. This staircase leads up to the galley, so they have access through the guest accommodation, but also from that deck as well. And here on the starboard side, private captain's cabin. It's a really good size as well. Double bed TV up here, a desk behind the door and a private bathroom big enough to have a separate shower cubicle. That's really nice. And then just forward of that, we come to the crew mess, their seating area. You know, they are connected to the galley, but it's nice that they've got a big fridge and freezer down here. There's a sink over there, coffee maker, so they do have facilities on this level. And of course, the big screen. The downside to this arrangement is that we're not that close to the engine room, so they've got the cameras up, as you can see, they can see by eye, make sure everything is as it should be from here forward on the lower deck. And then we have identical bunk cabins. We'll just go into the starboard side one. They are exactly the same pair of bunks. And then, like with the captain's cabin forward, you have a separate bathroom, so private bathrooms, nice size cabins. It's a really comfortable crew space. So we've seen where the crews sleep. Let's head upstairs and have a look at where they drive the boat from. Right up to the raised pilothouse then. And the thing that is really striking about this is the sheer size of it. It is absolutely huge. The depth on this area is pretty amazing for something of this length, and there's just loads of nice floor space to wander around in. This boat's only got one helm chair. Obviously, there's space for another one there. You could spec that if you wanted to. But yeah, the sheer amount of room in here is impressive, and it's got a big glazed area, nice deep windscreens. It's not like you're looking through a letterbox. You're looking over the sort of brow of the deck below. But yeah, the view essentially from this helm seat is really good, and you've got controls in your armrest as well. So you can sit back in the seat and control this suite of screens where you've got everything from navigation to radar. I've got the engine room on the cameras there. You've obviously got all the digital switching for the boat up there as well. And this is a cool trick. This all hides away. So when you're not using these controls, they're on a little pop up. They pop out of nowhere, seemingly. And then if you want to clear it all away, they all do this. You've got this slider at the top, and you can keep them away from prying eyes. Make sure no one's pushing buttons when there's nobody up here. When it is in use, these two ZF throttles are attached to a pair of 2,200 horsepower Caterpillar engines, a top speed of 25 knots. So it will get a bit of a shift on. Equally if you slow it down to 12 knots, you're looking at a range of 2,500 nautical miles. You've got really good cruising versatility there - up at 20 knots if you want to get a move on, or slow it right down and you've got 1000s of nautical miles. It's also got belt and braces stabilisation, two Seakeeper 35s when you're stationary, when you're on the move the Naiad fins take over. So, yeah, real belt and braces stuff. And then, you know, I've mentioned the familial nature of a boat like this, and I think that's why this is so big, because it's likely that guests or owner and crew will mingle up here. They'll all sit up here when the boat's going along, when the weather's not so good, on a night passage, there's enough space for a lot of people to sit up here and enjoy the ride. And you've still got a great view back here of all the screens, this wrap around effect. On a nice, bright day like this is just wonderful. And I like this final thing, it's quite dark in here, for obvious reasons you don't want loads of glare, but this little pop of color from the surfboard is a nice touch. Right, let's head up to the flybridge. And the really nice thing about the raised pilothouse design is how close you are to the upper helm, so you can drive from up here on a nice day. Now, in stark contrast to that bridge down there, this just feels a little bit dated to me. This is a brand new boat, and this looks like a helm that was designed 10 years ago. But of course, the owner has control over things like the electronics. This is all quite old school. If you wanted more modern, Garmin, Simrad, Raymarine, you could do that. And you've got sort of a scaled down version of what we have down there. We've got a couple of screens, got your controls for the throttles, thrusters, that sort of thing, pretty old school little wheel but you've got your nice adjustable helm seats. You can sit comfortably. And of course, it's flanked by these seating areas. It's also flanked by a couple of wing stations. So even though you're quite close to the helm here, it's nice you can get right to the side of the boat. So if you're coming alongside, a really nice view down the side, forward and aft, and then a bit like down there, this all disappears when you're not using it. It's a simple mechanism. Push it down, clicks into place. This feels a little bit crude, but it does the job. And then they're hidden away so nobody can mess around with them when they're not in use. And then, obviously, moving aft, we have the living space on board the flybridge. This seating area is nice. Obviously, it's somewhere where you could have snacks and drinks. But also, because it's raised, it's near the seat, it's a good place for guests to sit when the boats moving along, maybe, and keep the skipper company. And then moving behind that underneath still the protection of the hard top, you've got your split servery on this side, nice bar over there. But this is where you've got the grill that you're cooking. There's a wine cooler here, a fridge, a sink, all that sort of stuff. And then you turn and if you're up here cooking, you've got this great connection down the mezzanine to the people in the tub. The tub is very much front and centre. I really like the way the steps flank it. Incidentally, there's huge storage underneath those steps, and then you're down to this really lovely, wide, you know, flat deck area. Again, another nice bar detail with the pop up lights just like downstairs, works really well. And as you can probably tell from the crane, this is also where you can store a 17 foot tender, if you want to. When the tender's cleared off and it's laid out like this, this this is just a really nice place to lounge around in the sun, but they have got a sale arrangement of covers that attach up there and give you full shade, if you want a bit of shade up here. And this staircase down here, this nice curved staircase leads down to the cockpit and ultimately down to the engine room. So let's head down there. There are a couple of options for engine room access. There's this one that I pointed out earlier on. You can also get directly in from the beach club. Let's go down this way. From that staircase, you enter a lazarette first. This passageway leads to that watertight door from the beach club that I mentioned a second ago. Here we have the shore power conversion units, and then this is where the engineer's work benches, tools, vice, worktop, storage, all very neat and tidy. Down here there's a separate air conditioned technical space where you have things like the Glendinning auto reel, shore power cable. And then through this enormous, watertight door, you're into the engine room itself. And this is another very impressive space. You can see how much room there is between the two Caterpillar engines. There's plenty of headroom in here as well. And I've got a couple of water makers either side of me when I walk in. They're water makers, but also spot zero. So you're using filtered water to clean the boat with. It means when the crew wash down the boat, it's not leaving any water stains. Makes their lives a lot easier. You've got twin 80 kilowatt generators as well, which you can run in parallel, but the captain says you never need to. 180 kilowatt generator is enough to run pretty much all the systems on this boat. And remember, you've got both twin Seakeepers and fins. So there's a lot of equipment, but plenty of power from the generators. Really easy to see all the fuel switching on that forward bulkhead. Big filters as well twin filters so you can switch across if one gets blocked. Westport has dabbled in commercial building, ship building, and you can see that with the depth of the engineering in this space. This is my first experience of a Westport, and I have to say, my preconceptions have been completely obliterated. I expected it to feel very American, traditional, heavy, especially on the inside, but I have to say it's lovely inside there. It's fresh, it's bright, it's modern. There's a huge amount of space, okay, on the outside, it's very classic. What I think is especially nice is that they're giving you a turnkey package that's a really nice family boat. Let me know what you think about this in the comments below, and how it compares to its European rivals. Thanks very much for watching that tour of the Westport 117, I hope you enjoyed it. Please give us a like if you did. If you want some more shameless Americana, how about the Viking 74 - epic Sports Fisher. I've got a tour of that up there for you. And if you'd like to subscribe, you can do that by clicking up there. Thanks again for watching. I'm Jack Haines. This is YachtBuyer.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Yachtbuyer [6 likes]: Read our in-depth REVIEW with rivals, deck plans, data & PRICING: https://www.yachtbuyer.com/en/reviews/westport-w117-2024
  2. @JyttesTrailCamera [1 likes]: So they changed everything that made a Westport a Westport? Bad move in my book...
  3. @privatetravelpa6525: haemorrhoids?
  4. @kaspar_1982: 30 million dollars for a fiberglass under 120? well i guess so when gold is almost 5000 dollars an ounce. when was it that 164s were less than 30, a year or 2 ago?
  5. @servantofgod5642: Why would a self respecting owner have a fly bridge? That’s for those who steer and like flies.😂
  6. @TheArtificiallyIntelligent: I love the kitchen. If you had shown me the exterior, I'd have though it was 20 or 30 years old though. Looks very dated.
  7. @dannyv2335: I was never a big fan of Westports, I’m still not a fan.
  8. @roteldorel: very  strenge  not  open  windox  its like  shiet
  9. @mohdrafimohdamin: Interesting boat with a rather unique internal layout...
Thank you, Jack...😊
  10. @AntonioGraziano-x8v: 👍
  11. @johnislay4578: That is a crappy layout
  12. @moumenmouhib7532: looool $29M💩 Who is this stupid who will buy it🤣
 that is max $15M
  13. @ianscott3180: My wife and I often go head to head, but only in America. 😂
  14. @JohannesBauer-w7x: Die Amis können weder Auto noch Yachten Bauen. Das was die können sind krieg's schiffe und anderes krieg's Gerät
  15. @marcm7321: Best interior design ive seen on an american yacht. Great tour as always Jack
  16. @bdiesel563: Westport has a great reputation for quality but man, nearly $30mil for a RPH??? That just can’t be right…
  17. @ruudkreuger9212: No competition for EU and Turkish wharfs. Mooring gear in such a way that it's a danger to crew and guests. Imagine having to move quickly around the sides in bad weather or when mooring is a bit tense. It is a show boat for perfect weather, not a ship.
  18. @Dontbuyitdiyit: Honestly, it’s not very attractive looking. Looks like it could be a 20 year old design.
  19. @Columbi007: dont miss the Tariffs in your calculation. and tbh.  there is no Product which Europe or China isnt able to produce better then the US
  20. @user-mk5cm7kx2z: When are you going to review the PC74

- Westport Yachts - The Company | Home. Anywhere. Anytime.: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] a name synonymous with Excellence Westport is recognized worldwide for Innovative design quality craftsmanship and uncompromising attention to detail with a legacy spanning more than 5 decades Westport is North America's largest luxury yacht Builder maintaining three shipyards in Washington state as well as a sales and service facility in Fort Lauderdale Florida incorporating Advanced composite construction and state-of-the-art Technology every Westport yacht is designed for Optimal Performance and the ultimate in Comfort incorporating thoughtful space planning and unmatched attention to detail westport's current line ranges from 85 to 164 ft allowing customers to choose the perfect size in arrangement to meet their individual needs westports entry level Motor Yacht the 85- Ft Pacific Mariner has become widely acclaimed as a proven low-maintenance boat with excellent speed and seeke keeping abilities designed to offer leading performance and value in its glass the Pacific Mariner offers outstanding comfort and convenience Exquisite detailing and is perfectly suited for the owner operator featuring a forward pilot house design with the style and roominess of a much larger vessel the Pacific Mariner offers a magnificent full beam Master Suite A Generous VIP stateroom and two additional guest cabins the main deck includes a formal dining area and bar incorporated into an Airy Salon along with an apt deck lounge with dining and wet bar and convenient dinets in the pilot house and on the Flying Bridge perfectly suited for extended voyages the 85 Pacific Mariner hosts abundance of thoughtful features and like all Westport Yachts is delivered TurnKey and ready to cruise westport's newest model is a 125 ft raised pilot house design offering a full beam Master Suite on the main deck that includes his and hers heads spacious walk-in dressing rooms a built-in vanity to port and a cozy seating area to starboard The Galley also located on the main deck features the Country Kitchen Arrangement that continues to be one of the most popular features among Westport owners guests have the choice of three spacious State rooms on the lower deck as well as an exercise room that can easily convert into a fourth guest cabin the new 125 is the company's latest example of westport's ongoing tradition of responding to customer demand while designing for the future [Applause] representing a benchmark in Motor Yacht design westport's popular 112 is built to uncompromising standards offering Timeless appeal with clean contemporary styling and extraordinary detailing the industry leader in her class the 112's advanced semi-displacement Hull delivers an exhilarating Cruise speed and a moderate draft for easy access to almost any yachting destination built for unsurpassed luxury and comfort the 112's layout offers exceptional interior volume and more exterior deck space than any other raised Pilot House Motor yacht in her size range its wide beam allows for a dramatically open Salon enhanced by large windows that expand both the view and volume of the room the elegant dining Salon provides formal seating for eight spacious and beautifully appointed the 112's layout provides for four state rooms each with a head on Suite the full beam Master Suite occupies the central portion of the lower deck located forward the spacious VIP State room is accessed by a private staircase two additional fully appointed Guest State rooms are located about the master West ports long list of Premium standard features ensures complete enjoyment of your oceangoing home for years to come since its introduction in 2001 the Westport 40m has become a Dependable choice for customers worldwide offering unsurpassed Comfort elegance and enduring appeal this impressive 130 ft Tri deck typifies westport's trademarks of luxury convenience reliability and performance the 40 m generous beam allows for a spacious salon and dining room a professional Galley and a luxurious Master Suite that includes a private office the lower deck is arranged with four Guest State rooms aft and crew quarters for eight and when it's time to relax and entertain you'll find Endless Options with a stylish Sky Lounge and expansive exterior lounges as with every worldclass yacht Westport builds the 40 m exact cad-based tooling provides an unsurpassed level of precision and the company's highly skilled Craftsmen ensure a Flawless finish inside and out luxurious and superbly appointed the Westport 40 m is ideally suited to expand your horizons anywhere anytime representing an exceptional achievement in large yacht design westport's Flagship the 50m trick is prized for its Artistry uncompromising craftsmanship and speed accommodating 12 guests in unsurpassed Elegance this 16 4T yacht sets new standards for performance with a refined Hull design created for exceptional oceangoing Comfort the 50 m functional accommodation plan balances interior and on Deck spaces for maximum enjoyment and versatility the six stateroom layout with its full beam main deck Master affords everyone aboard a luxurious private retreat perfectly suited for entertaining or just relaxing the 50 m expansive Salon opens to a large covered a deck with its own dining area quiet conversation areas and wet bar the Innovative layout includes a bridge deck VIP Suite with its own private balcony in addition there is a commercial grade Galley and a garage for tenders and water toys the Westport 50m is powered by a pair of 4,000 horsepower MTU engines that allow her to achieve a continuous cruising speed well in excess of 22 knots travel the world on your own terms setting new standards for luxury comfort and convenience Westport offers its owners the unique ability to combine the highquality lifestyle of a fine home with the extraordinary and unique benefit of being able to enjoy life and surroundings that change On Demand with Westport your home anywhere anytime

- WALK THROUGH TOUR INSIDE WESTPORT 130 SUPERYACHT FOR SALE "FAR NIENTE": Kind: captions Language: en [Music] [Applause] during my frequent trips to the United States I'm often struck by how many westports I see on the water what makes this American manufacturer so popular why do so many yacht owners opt for this brand when Hull number 11 of their 40 meter series became available for sale through Northrop and Johnson I spoke to Yacht broker West Sanford to ask him about the Brand's popularity and about this specific yacht thank you Westport Yachts has been building boats in Seattle's in Seattle for decades they are one of the most prolific shipyards in the world and have been historically there they specialize in semi-custom building fiberglass boats they're known for their 112 West Sports they're 40 meter westports and their 50 meter westports they build that full range and in each of those they've been wildly successful is a 40 meter Westport so 131 foot long she has 26 foot beam she's about 333 gross tons that's the description of the volume and her draft is just over six and a half feet so what that means is you have 333 gross tons of space which is very large for a 40 meter only six and a half foot of draft so you can take for the 10 guests and all the crew and all the supplies you need you have plenty of space and only six and a half foot drafts you can get anywhere you want in the Bahamas you can go to the Caribbean Etc just makes her very versatile that way so you come on the AFT deck and it's a large half Deck with great areas for seating great areas for dining there's a bar there and you walk the flow of the boat right into the main salon just kind of makes it feel open it's so this entire deck is just feels inviting comfortable and then you have the forward area for the the master for the owner the master uh State Room foreign State rooms below deck which uh for this size boat has always kind of amazed me because you have four king-sized staterooms and then you still have the uh a secret access for the crew to service these areas there's a ton of storage uh throughout the boat but down in this area and going forward to the crew area it's amazing use of space and from a a usability and workflow perspective has always been really well thought out you go upstairs of course the the galley like I said is in the middle and it's a great Galley kind of a commercial oriented Galley for working with um you know high-end chefs can produce great food for 10 guests plus the crew continuously week after week from that area you go upstairs there's a nice sized Sky Lounge just after the pilot house and then a from there a big boat deck now the boat deck on these yachts is uh interesting from the perspective that it's it's open and big so you can put whatever you want on there multiple jet skis multiple tenders I've seen a variety of configurations plenty of room to store other stuff whether it's kayaks uh paddle boards there's a lot of room to take the toys to make it fun wherever you happen to go into the islands this 40 meter configuration has an even nicer separate private Sun deck up from there so you have the toy deck on right behind the Pilot House in the Sky Lounge and then you go up one more deck and you have a very large Sun Deck with a jacuzzi on the front end a nice surface area in the middle do dining and then a sun area in the back if you wanted for Chase lounges Etc all the decks are teaked it's a beautiful boat I mean we call it a pocket mega yacht because you can take 10 guests and crew anywhere in the Bahamas anywhere in the Caribbean but it's small enough it seems a little bit more manageable than when you get up into the 50 and 60 meter yachts particular model of the Westport 40 meter has has MTU 12v 4000 engines which allow it to have the the horsepower for going high speeds 18 to 20 knot Crews at 18 knots you still have the range to get all the way to the Caribbean with the reserve it's about a 1300 nautical mile range if you wanted to slow down to 12 knots you could get up to closer to 3 000 nautical miles far niente is number 11 of 14 of these 40 meter westports what makes her unique of those 14 is that this owner bought her in 2014 and as owned her continuously so what that means is you have great visibility into the history of the boat even as crew come and go it's the same owner they have a great history great records They just recently painted the boat this last year it takes very good care of it and so it's just one more level of comfort that a new owner can have and that there's not going to be any surprises for them anything unknown history of the boat which sometimes happens in our business these boats really are awesome and one of the reasons I really love selling these boats is I don't get very many of those phone calls after they own it saying why didn't you tell me about this it's not doing this it should have been doing that it's understandable and it's reliable and so it actually makes my job that much more enjoyable because I know I don't have to worry about that call after the fact if you're interested in foreniente please pick up the phone or get on your computer and email me call me be happy to arrange an inspection the boat's going to be is typically in and around the Bahamas or Florida we can arrange an inspection at your convenience and be happy to show you the boat

  Top Comments:
  1. @chr.burmeister [8 likes]: Now tell us the most important thing: who filmed and edited this, cause the work is flawless 👌🏻👏🏻
  2. @glenpeters955 [4 likes]: It's common knowledge that as a purchaser the 'Westport' experience is exceptional.  They are, by all accounts an exceptionally accommodating company to work with.  A stunning example of their yacht building craft.
  3. @NautiGrandpa [2 likes]: I spent a few days on a Westport 164 last year in the Bahamas, for a glass boat she didn't  squeak like a lot of all glass boats do after a few years. That speaks volumes  about Westport build quality.
  4. @jacquesmertens3369 [2 likes]: Nice ! I wish I had the budget to choose not to buy this yacht and give someone else the opportunity.
Unfortunately my choice of floating objects  is between a rubber tyre and a handful of plastic ducks.
  5. @chriss6443 [1 likes]: C'mon David these commentary vids with some yacht shots are no way as engaging as the walk arounds with YOU!!! You capture th eessence & excitement of yacht ownership way more than these commentary/ broker  vids
  6. @ThoughtfulWander [1 likes]: Beauty of a yacht!  Thanks for sharing! 👍👍
  7. @clifbradley [1 likes]: A Westport that isn't chartered is such a rarity. I think besides the Amels 180, it is the most chartered to built yachts ever. 20 built and probably 17 are chartered and of the Amels, only 1 isn't chartered, and that's debatable
  8. @paulcunningham2859: Still nice
  9. @LudiCrust.: This here vessel fit for that dadgum highfalutin Vladimir Putin. Purchased with moneys from his dastardly band of chaos creating bots over yonder in Russia!
  10. @Missionsman: Video was pretty dark and was the camera person a child? Most of the camera angles were much lower than normal
  11. @paulcunningham2859: Nice
  12. @rudideghelt: The line of this yacht is superb. I was not a big fan of American yachts. But I was wrong and I apologize.

- A Westport Yacht 125 Crashing into Docked Boats: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] you

  Top Comments:
  1. @renoguy25 [4 likes]: It was actually tied up at the fuel dock , just getting ready to fuel . 


Malfunction in part of the electrical system sent it into full throttle


It literally tore several cleats   right off the fuel dock . 


Wonder what the new " Refurbished " selling price will be ?
  2. @patrickabas1112 [2 likes]: WTF happened besides what you can obviously see. Did they connect the wiring wrongly as it seems she speeds up instead of slow down and as you mentioned she was brand new maybe the sea trails did not happen yet????
  3. @goncalolemos5932 [1 likes]: Thats why there is a EMERGENCY BUTTON to stop engines!.... why not press it instead of looking around ?....
  4. @consilx2985: это не ваше видео зачем вы сюда вотермарку свою пихаете !? мне написать владельцу видео?
  5. @stevensproull9388: Obviously, the Captain was looking for the Drive-Thru at McDonald's...
  6. @showandgo1: "Here, Hold my beer...."
  7. @rondill8429: Ghost in the Machine I would Guess!!!
  8. @chrisf6514: You scratched my anchor
  9. @marcob6314: omg what’s happened
we need my day tv program 😁
  10. @visionist7: "... it's docked! What's for dinner?"

- HOSPITALITY I 164'1 (50m) Westport yacht walkthrough in the Exumas I For sale and charter with IYC: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] foreign my name is Matt Stone with the international Yacht company today we're coming to you from the Beautiful Blue Waters of the Bahamas to welcome you to one of our most recent and exciting additions to our Global sales Fleet the highly sought after 164 feet 50 meter Westport hospitality welcome aboard hospitality built in 2011 to ABS class and MCA compliance this tridec motor yacht weighs in at an oppressive 492 gross tons providing outstanding volume for her size with 31 feet of beam Hospitality enters a market in pristine condition thanks to her owner and longtime Captain Gavin Hearn and his world-class crew of 11. thank you the 50 meter Westport is a proven Charter platform and Hospitality may be the most successful 50 meter Westport of all time due to its seller layout and condition but not to worry is equally compatible for private use especially for those with large families as you're welcome to board sit in the aftec lounge kick off your shoes and let the adventure begin moving forward you have a large dining table that can uncomfortably accommodate up to 14 guests protected by windscreens on both port and starboard side it is truly the perfect place to enjoy a meal while underway stocked wet bar and large TV awaits here to Portside ready to provide your favorite Refreshments all while taking in your favorite sporting event welcome to the main Salon experience the ultimate luxury interior designed by renowned Donald Starkey Timeless captivating flooded with natural light the interior sets the stage for an unforgettable experience whether it's Movie game night or simply in need of a power nap this inviting space is perfect for all here we are in the main deck foyer where you have access to the private Suites on the main deck the lower deck Guest State rooms the primary State Room on the bridge deck Sky Lounge and pilot house now we're on the main deck forward this area hosts two private State rooms and a dedicated gym to starboard the main deck gym what a place to work out with picturesque views a Peloton free weights and what's great about this space is it doubles as a spa continuing forward we have the main deck VIP to Port what will speak to you most are the stunning views provided by the large Hull side windows with a king bed Center Line a small study aft and a massive ensuite with wardrobe to starboard All the Way Forward on the starboard side you have a twin State room you have a large wardrobe behind me and ensuite facilities here we are on the bridge deck entering the Sky Lounge it's a perfect blend of spaciousness and charm the Yamaha self-playing piano elegant seating arrangement and with a large TV and fireplace and lastly just outside of the Sky Lounge a secluded balcony for all and finally the primary stateroom just off the Sky Lounge and uncommonly found in a boat of this size a lavish king bed Center Line state-of-the-art AV technology an Exquisite ensuite and that's not all steps outside the primary State room you have your own private balcony a great place to savor a cup of coffee or a tea in the morning now we're in the Pilot House joined by Captain Gavin Hearn who's been with the program for six years since the owners bought the boat Gavin tell us a little bit about the performance sea keeping ability logbook refit anything that a prospective buyer might want to know other original owner bought this vessel and sell did a circle navigation that crossed the Pacific Ocean Indonesian ocean it's out there did Atlantic and through the Mediterranean The Vessel has an extensive 4 000 nautical mile cruising ground for going in 2021 we did a great new refit where we upgraded everything really in this bridge from A to Z from new Radars to chop plotters to new camera systems and depth centers as she runs a Fantastic Four fins to keep the boat very very flat all zero speeds and yeah she's a fantastic boat I've taken her some Big Blue Waters and she's come out at the other end a happy girl great what's top top end and cruise speed Cruise speed is 15 knots and top end is about 25 knots awesome thank you for your time of course as we begin our way into the guest accommodation we'll start on the lower deck where space meets extravagance hospitality is the only 50 meter West Port with seven State rooms capable of sleeping up to 16 guests there are four state rooms on this deck alone here we are on the bridge deck Ave just discovered the ultimate dining destination accommodating up to 12 guests in unrivaled Comfort or relax and unwind on the small sectional sofa or the day bed to port with a delightful upper teeth while eagerly anticipating the culinary Delights of the day and when you're ready rinse off in the outdoor shower before heading up to the jacuzzi to take a dip Hospitality caters to all your desires ensuring complete Comfort at all times another added convenience is an additional stairwell with direct access to the interior bridge deck for convenience and another great use of space at the push of a button a day head is revealed and there you are it's as easy as that as we make our way forward the 31 foot of beam is proudly displayed providing safe and easy access to the four deck rounding out the exterior spaces here on the four deck there's no better sense of arrival pulling into your next destination on the sprawling Sun pad now that you've had an opportunity to familiarize yourself with the boat and to further complement the already TurnKey program hospitality is outfitted with a full Suite of toys and this is Hospitality thank you for joining and if you would like any additional information or to schedule a private showing please don't hesitate to reach out thank you thank you

  Top Comments:
  1. @gkm072159 [4 likes]: Does this vessel not have a galley?  Who shows a yacht and doesn’t show the galley and how the boat can be provisioned for a long voyage?  Wow.
  2. @clifbradley [3 likes]: 1:35 'That can uncomfortably accommodate up to 14 guests'....I mean, at least he's honest.
  3. @kholoudbasharaheel3086: Quelle luxe ! ❤

- WHY THE WESTPORT 130 "PIPE DREAM" IS THE PERFECT YACHT FOR THE U.S.A.: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] so the time's arrived that you decided to finally buy a yacht you don't want to spend more than $20 million and you say to yourself why don't we give a call to that guy on YouTube with the Yachts for sale Channel I wonder if he's at for Lord Boat Show well here I am at the boat show and this is where I would take you if they had that kind of budget for the North Robin Johnson stand follow me through this way because the yacht that I would show you is right here it's called pipe dream it's a Westport 130 interesting thing about Westport is one of the most popular yachts in its size range in the United States now I used to work for an Italian manufacturer of Yachts back in the early 2000 and Westport were considered a great competitor at the time at the time they cost a little bit less they were less pretty than the Italian design but very very functional and I think as we look around pipe touring you'll see what the great attraction is for yacht owners the first thing that strikes you on these Westport 130s is the size of everything it's a very beamy yacht and you can really appreciate that here in the after deck where not only do you have space for a very decent sized dining table I can see from the leaf there that you can extend that to be even bigger but also you have sufficient Beam for a really good sized bar which is perfect actually if you're in the Bahamas and you having something to eat you can have your stewardes here making your cocktails and drinks bringing you wine from the fridge but also the head height really good head height here I've been around a few yachts in the show where you kind of feel a little bit claustrophobic as you as you get on board Westport have never had that problem it's a voluminous yacht before we look inside I'd like to show you the bow though because there's an interesting feature here first of all look at the size of these bull walks this is a very seaworthy yacht uh it's it's high at the bow it's got a real flare to the bow to keep this area dry but what I particularly noticed was not just the table and chair Arrangement here at the B cuz let's face it a few Yachts do have that anyway but also look up here they've used this area as a separate sunbathing area with two Sun pads there I'll mention that because as I said years and years ago I was working for an Italian Builder and I remember on our equivalent model to this yacht a lot of clients wanted that sunbathing area but the Italians refused to do it because aesthetically they thought it didn't look good and that's a real key difference between American builders and Italian Builders the Italians do put style over functionality I think even the Italians would agree with that they are beautiful yachts they sell a lot of them but that's not what Westport was really built on Westport was built upon giving the client what they want and what they want is some bathing areas let's go back down here and uh we'll take a look at the interior where there's more examples of that now here we have an example again of why Westport are so popular particularly with American buyers beautiful mahogany wood they haven't worried too much about doing all kinds of Curves and varnish it's very practical it's very good for storage I was talking earlier to our C CEO our chief commercial officer who has a great name by the way the CCO of North H and Johnson is called Cromwell Little John and he's American he's very experienced in the American market and he made a very valid point he said Westport will take what they feel to be a very high-end living space for an American and they build a yacht around it he said the Italian designers build a beautiful yacht and then they try to cram a home into it and it's got a fair point and again I'm not knocking Italian Builders at all because I love style I love to be able to look at a yacht and say wow imagine owning that Westport have taken a different approach and as you can see the volume the practicality is really noticeable and that's not to say it's not very stylish I mean look at this beautiful lighting here this I don't know what this this is called if it's platted but this leather platting here and if if you want to see wi facts up have a look at the galley this is quite something back litter odx stainless steel appliances it looks superb but again it's not lost out on that practicality and you've got plenty of natural sunlight coming in here and really big hob over there lots and lots of uh storage space in here for me the galley is the the highlight of this particular yacht coming through here we have side AIS corresponding with a a side door in the bwalk you remember that many people will arrive to the yacht from the side and just come through that door through this door and they're into the yach they head through and then this gorgeous owner's study and owner's cabin the mahogany is absolutely Sumptuous and there's something about mahogany I think mahogany is historically being the wood of choice for the Interiors of Yachts I'm pretty sure that back in the day when they were Building G I they' even use mahogany for the deck whereas now T is preferred but it does have a very nautical feel to it two walk-in wardrobes a beautiful little uh Beauty cabinet here with Lighting on it and a really good size the bathroom as well with a good siiz shower what about your guests let's check out the guest accommodation now here we have a very traditional layout two cabins with two single bunks in them and two of these beautiful state rooms here with doubles big thick mattresses I said to Slava who's behind the camera as we were looking around the yacht earlier it's not very exciting so it's difficult to sort of convey to you the sense of excitement about the yacht it's not an exciting yacht but then do people really need to be excited about every area of a yacht or do they not rather just need elegant spaces they can be comfortable in again that's where Westport wins out you don't have wow factor at every turn what you have is great practicality Comfort functionality seaworthiness great engineering and there's a reason why this particular model the Westport 130 is one of the most popular models in the size range of the United States States and that is because the way it's built it offers what the American client wants let's take a look upstairs and at this point I should say I make no uh apologies for not showing you the crew quarters we're filming during um the boat show crew work so hard during boat shows I want to respect their privacy in the crew quarters right now um and also the engine room we won't be doing on this particular uh trip again because there's people in the engine room doing some work um so it just doesn't seem appropriate I just wanted to give you a flavor of the yach as an owner would see it and understand why Westport is so popular we'll take a look at the bridge first since we're on the bridge deck once again what you can see here apart from yarrick who's taking some b-roll for us is space and functionality everything's easy to to identify here all of the screens they haven't felt the necessity to do some sort of a a weird spaceship looking uh Bridge all they're interested in is making something that is easy for the captain to learn to use and to actually handle and at the same time we have this elevated position here where um we guests will come and sit and enjoy the view and I was showing a group of potential buyers this shot a couple of days ago and actually as soon as they saw this they they felt this was an area that they would probably hang out uh in and enjoy chatting with the captain and and really enjoying seeing how the yacht is uh is operated personally though I would do that for 5 minutes and then come back here this is a little bit of an unusual layout I mean first of of all it's highly unusual to see a fireplace on a yacht I'm not sure exactly how that works I'm sure it's all sorted out to not be a fire hazard at all I can see some vents here this lovely stonework here again the mahogany they have this little recess with another day head and a great area to sit with your laptop get a little bit of work done while you're on your vacation which I think these days most people do again I don't want to go on and on about it but you feel the beam you feel the space you feel the head height it's a comfortable comfortable yacht to be on board now here on the upper after deck again you see something that you wouldn't see on most Italian Yachts of this size this whole area has been used for storage in this case of obviously the jet skis the the tender this is full of all kinds of toys diving equipment um wet suits and such like the Italians wouldn't do that because it doesn't look great they try to put as many toys as possible hidden into the transom garage and that's great if you value styling over practicality because of course when you put something inside the yach in the transom garage you're occupying valuable real estate inside the yacht that could otherwise be used for crew cabins guest estate rooms and such like and the reality is that underway you'll probably be on the next deck up anyway and as soon as the yacht drops anchor these will be put in the water freeing up all of this area for for whatever use you want to put it to so in my opinion it's a it's a sensible tradeoff but take a look at the Sund deck this is absolutely beautiful they've really maximized the use of space here you can actually do whatever you want in this space to be quite honest if uh if somebody didn't want to have the the table here if they wanted a round table and and more sun pads they could absolutely do that but I do like the fact that they put the jacuzzi tub forward I always feel that's the right place for a jacuzzi tub there's something that triggers a picture in my mind of just sitting there with a cocktail enjoying uh the surround I remember as well again when I was working for an Italian Shipyard there was a lot of requests from these hard tops and in the end to be fair the Italian Builders did start to to build Yachts with hard tops that was pushed by the American Market who value a little bit of shade but still being at in the open air and enjoying some breeze so that is the basic layout of the yacht I'm interested in your thoughts leave your comments in the in the uh section below let me know whether for you styling over practicality practicality over styling I'm interested to know what you think what's the most important for you do leave a comment below this video and don't forget if you are in the market for a y and you're thinking of going to a boat show or not going to a boat show show always get in contact with that guy with a YouTube channel called yach for sale

  Top Comments:
  1. @BubbaHead1 [5 likes]: I'm not a yacht owner, I don't even know how to sail. But as an american looking at youtube videos for 3 weeks, This is the first yacht where I've looked at it and thought to myself.Finally a ship that is a house , a home. Not trying to be a lamborghini Or a ferrari. Just a simple house on the ocean. I've never even heard of this company.There are a lot of content creators out there showing off yachts, And yes they're beautiful and yes they're stylish but they are definitely not elegant. Growing up in San Francisco.I've seen a lot of beautiful handmade boats with beautiful mahogany and in lay.There's nothing else in the world like it. But nowadays everyone's into carbon fiber and plastic. Everyone wants their ship to look like a sports car, But I would assume if I'm crossing the Atlantic for a month.I'd want to take a piece of home with me. And this yacht is definitely doing that. 1 of those cabinets in the bedroom, would cost 20,000 u.s., and about a 6 month build time. Just saying.
  2. @danielanthony9621: Amazing ship!
  3. @RandyBasye: I came across your video I'm looking to upgrade smart individuals do this process extremely slow find the minimize your buyer's remorse I know which Builder you used to work for Benetti.

I'm coming from the trawler community several different Grand Banks for various different reasons I would sell them and go bigger mainly for comfortability for myself my family and friends I often said I would probably end my boating career in a Fleming.
I do like Fleming yachts one time I was right next to a Westport 130 for several days and I couldn't stop looking at it a older wealthy gentleman from New York lift on it permanently he would have his Bentley convertible brought up everyday at 3:30 p.m. he would go run his errands and grab an early dinner the captain often seen me sitting on my boat looking at it an extended opportunity to come aboard while the owner was out running errands I'm not going to say the name of the yacht because I'm not sure if he's still owns it it was very nice and very well maintained the captain said he was his personal private Captain for 20 years the owner owns different luxury car dealerships up in the Northeast the captain said he still has a very nice home up there on Long Island the captain says he rarely sees it along with his kids the yacht Captain says I'm pretty sure he lives on his shot to avoid family and long-term overnight stays he's never said that but often when they come aboard he wants to go out in rough Seas the captain said I guess that's his way it determine how long they stay aboard he said the yacht may come up for sale the owner was looking for the upgrade to a 164 Westport.

I really like the benetti's I'm looking at the 121 to 132 possibly a little bit bigger I will be purchasing a pre-owned vessel I really like the benetti's but it will be solely for private use in the crew quarters are less than desirable that's where the westport's have them beat by a long way I want my crew which will be limited to be extremely comfortable just as comfortable as I am I'm not a horny tortie type of multi-billionaire I'm just a man that's done extremely well I got where I'm going in life because I don't treat people like I'm above them we're all equal even though my small crew will most likely have run of the yacht because I plan on only spending approximately 7 months out of every year on it and will be dining together and doing everything together like a small knit family the Westport offers the whole package accept the Sun deck and I'm really struggling with that and there's my dilemma there's pros to cons to both Yatch  Manufacturers however I recently came across a Christian yacht manufactured in the Northwest probably near Westport it looks very similar to a Westport my budget was between 10 to 14 million I'm trying to avoid acquisition and spending Millions more on a refit however that new Christensen I came across their asking 30 million we all know that the real cost comes after acquisition thicker the yacht bigger the ownership cost.

Like I said I have always thought I would custom build a Fleming towards the end of my boating career I'm just looking for more comfortability with cabins and ensuite as I aged I'm in my late 50s and I plan on keeping it for a long time and as I age I don't think of Fleming's going to work plus I want my crew to be extremely comfortable hiring a private crew allows me to do yawning when I want to not relying on friends and family I really want to stay away from day captains and crue because I want to know who's operating my boat and maintaining it it will never be for Charter.
  4. @augggie: Terrible Review 😢 Great Boat USA 🇺🇸
  5. @jonathanbrooks917: The fire place was my favorite 😊. It was a nice yacht!!!
  6. @paulcunningham2859: Nice to see this again
  7. @johndickson435: Wow ! you say nothing about speed, or distance, etc
  8. @BertMerlin57: I have 200 Dollars, what yacht can I get?
  9. @keithmny: Whist not having the much touted WOW factor and all the excitement that goes with it, this vessel has the much understated AHH factor, the much more difficult something else that promotes an almost unostentatious relaxing of tension as you settle into any of the seats with a cool drink in hand and exclaim with a deep sigh AHH,
  10. @IanCrouse: I watched another video earlier this week and saw PIPE DREAM in the B-ROLL and the background of several other videos, but I wasn't impressed with the 'style.' But then again, what is style? It's relative to what you love. It's art with a 'draw,' pun intended. I want credit if used, lol. 

Then I watched the PIPEDREAM video, and your comment about building the boat around the design made perfect sense. This is what I want—function over style. 
On to another video.
  11. @jamessudek2125: The only thing for me is I feel like any yacht over 100 ft should have a captains state room behind the pilot house.
  12. @jamessudek2125: I saw the crew quarters on nautistyles. The engine room is spectacular and so are the crew quarters
  13. @jamessudek2125: I think this yacht gives some Italian yachts a run for their money.
  14. @jamessudek2125: I love this yacht and it packs so much bang in a yacht. I realize it's a large yacht but it seems there is so much in this yacht for it's size.
  15. @ralphkemp3328: I love watching your show - very informative - I was going back through and I watched this one - I can only say that I don’t see why you keep going on about the differences between the Italian yacht builders and the American - show the yacht !
  16. @bobdeherrera496: How many miles does it get ?! What the speed?!
  17. @bradleybunt6556: The problem with you European nations is you have these yachts looking like museums and are not the least bit comfy because you think it is a "status".  Americans know to make it about comfort and convivence, not just for the guests/owner but for crew as well. The fact you are crusing around in a 130' yacht says enough, no need to make it uncomfortable and awkward.
  18. @jato62: Live the content
  19. @2AIndependent: Most important to me is "RANGE"...
  20. @scottbloomer8696: You could have described the crew quarters. You're correct, as an American, I have no clue what you keep apologizing about. It's built exactly as I would commission. You need to move to Italy.

- Westport W117 Yacht Tour: American Luxury, Next-Gen Technology & Eco-Friendly SCR System: Kind: captions Language: en The Westport raised pilot house motor yacht represents the latest evolution in American yacht building. A vessel that seamlessly blends Westports renowned heritage of quality and performance with cuttingedge design and technology. As the successor to the highly successful Westport 112, the W17 is not merely an upgrade, but a reimagination crafted to meet the discerning demands of today's luxury yacht market. From its commanding exterior presence to its meticulously appointed interiors and advanced engineering, the W17 embodies a new standard of maritime excellence. The exterior aesthetic of the W17 immediately communicates a sense of refined power and timeless elegant. From the front view, the yacht presents a bold yet graceful silhouette dominated by the expansive raed windows of the raised pilot house and main salon, hinting at the panoramic vistas within. The sharp bow cuts a confident line, promising efficient passage through varying sea conditions. Moving to the side view, the W17's profile is characterized by a sleek, elongated superructure that flows harmoniously into the hull. The raised pilot house is elegantly integrated, offering superb visibility for navigation without sacrificing the yacht's streamlined appearance. Thoughtfully placed windows and port holes break up the holes expanse, ensuring ample natural light permeates the lower decks. The fly bridge, partially shaded by a hard top, adds another layer of leisure space, subtly integrated into the overall design. The back view reveals a spacious and inviting stern centered around the generous swim platform and essential feature for water sports and easy tender access. The transom s clean lines and the wellproportioned aft deck underscore the yacht s emphasis on outdoor living and entertainment providing an expansive area for alfresco dining or simply enjoying the ocean's tranquility. Stepping inside the interior of the Westport W17 is a masterclass in sophisticated design and functional luxury. The yacht typically features a serene and contemporary decor utilizing a pallet of rich woods, plush fabrics, and polished surfaces. The design ethos prioritizes open plan living and an abundance of natural light, creating an airy and welcoming atmosphere throughout the main salon. A vast and versatile space serves as the primary gathering area, seamlessly connecting to the formal dining area. Expansive windows ensure unbroken views of the surrounding seascape, making the ocean an integral part of the interior experience. The amenities on board are nothing short of spectacular, designed to cater to every whim of the owner and guests. The expansive fly bridge is a highlight, offering multiple zones for relaxation and entertainment. This area often includes a large jacuzzi, a fully equipped wet bar, comfortable sun loungers, and an additional alfresco dining area, all covered by a hardtop providing welcome shade. The main deck aft provides another large space for dining or lounging directly accessible from the main salon. Other potential amenities might include a tender garage, a sophisticated entertainment system throughout the yacht, and a well-appointed galley designed for gourmet meal preparation. The bedrooms, particularly the master suite, are sanctuaries of comfort and privacy. The full beam master stateateroom, typically located forward on the main deck, boasts panoramic views through large windows, a king-size bed, a comfortable seating area, and an opulent end suite bathroom featuring dual sinks, a large shower, and premium finishes. Guest accommodations, usually comprising four additional staterooms on the lower deck, are equally luxurious, each with its own end suite bathroom and meticulous attention to detail, ensuring ultimate comfort for up to 10 guests. A dedicated crew area thoughtfully separated ensures the highest level of service and discretion. In terms of upgraded technology, the Westport W17 is at the forefront of marine innovation. A significant advancement is the integration of a state-of-the-art selective catalytic reduction SCR system. This environmental technology dramatically reduces harmful exhaust emissions, aligning the W117 with stringent international regulations and demonstrating Westport's commitment to sustainable yacht. The pilot house is equipped with the latest navigation and communication electronics offering integrated control of all yacht systems. Advanced stabilization systems both at anchor and underway ensure optimal comfort in varying sea conditions. Furthermore, sophisticated entertainment and communication systems, including satellite, internet, and audiovisisual controls, are seamlessly integrated throughout the vessel, providing a truly connected and enjoyable experience. Powering this magnificent vessel are robust and reliable engine specifications. Typically, twin Caterpillar C32 assert diesel engines. These engines provide a comfortable cruising speed and impressive top speed, ensuring both efficient longrange cruising and swift passengers when desired. The W117 is engineered for exceptional seaeping abilities, providing a smooth and stable ride. Fuel efficiency combined with significant fuel tank capacity allows for extensive cruising ranges, opening up possibilities for diverse beyond the tangible features. The Westport W17 embodies a legacy of craftsmanship that few builders can match. Each yacht is a testament to the skilled American artisans and engineers who bring these vessels to life. The composite construction techniques refined over decades ensure superior strength, lighter weight, and a smooth finish. The semi-custom nature allows owners to personalize aspects of the interior decor and layout, ensuring that each WA17 is uniquely tailored to its owner s tastes while maintaining the proven performance and reliability for which Westport is renowned. The W117 is not just a yacht. It is a meticulously crafted statement of luxury, performance, and environmental responsibility designed to offer unparalleled experiences on the world's most beautiful waters. This

- $28,500,000 50M Westport SuperYacht Tour: Kind: captions Language: en what's up everyone it's Tony here and today we're going to be touring a floating mansion on the water Gigi is an American built super yacht it's a 164 ft or 50 m long Westport the beam is 30t and 6 in and it has a draft of 7 ft and 10 in now this triex super yacht is presented by Worth Avenue Yachts so thank you to them for granting me access on board it features a four deck elevator and I'll link this listing down below so if you want to see all the things that have been upgraded over the years you can check that out Worth Avenue Yachts does a great job with all their detailed listings but I do know in the bridge in 2021 they completely replace the electronics without further Ado let's step on board and tour this beautiful vessel so we can make our way up onto the app deck from either side now the word expansive is probably a good one to use cuz every single area on this yacht is absolutely massive now Westport it's a highly regarded highly sought-after American super yacht Builder they build a fantastic super yacht and this one is no exception back here we have some benches on either side and then an Alfresco dining table and the FTE area is also serviced by the barar area over here now I think it's time we made our way into the main Salon this yot is so luxurious just take a look after we go through the power glass door so silent and smooth I wasn't kidding when I said this is truly a floating mansion on the water you're going to find extremely high-end materials all throughout this vessel there's a TV that rises up over here here is a shot of the profile and then forward of the main Salon we have our formal dining area and then through this door we can find the galley but we'll go there a little later on first we're going to go to all the guest cabins through this door this is the formal foyer or entrance for the yacht we have a side door right here and then the Spyro staircase this leads up to the bridge deck then around the corner we have the stairs that lead down to the guest Cabins this is just such a large yacht you don't have to have the stairs going straight down they have plenty of space to wrap around and also behind this door this is where the elevator is located so it's very Central on the yacht but moving forward first this is the day head and then your owner Suite is located on the main level it basically feels like an apartment in here it's so large so if we walk down this hallway first you have a noral office area you have a great view out the large window bookshelves on either side and then a table over here and then you step through the next door where we have the sofa on this side and then the room is so big I mean the bed is all the way down there but look how massive the space is the beam is over 30 feet and this room takes full advantage of that there's a TV that rises up right here and then through these doors is your on Suite right away look at this you're greeted by this beautiful jetted tub highlighted right in the center of the room you have some lovely mosaic tile work and look at the stone in the pillar and then vanities they're on either side of this room so we have one right here and then one on the far side you can see a closet there and then another closet on this side your toilet tucked away right back here and it looks like we have even more closet space back here honestly wasn't sure what we were going to find behind that but that makes sense and if we come around this side we saw it mirrored to the other side but another closet another toilet and then here is the shower Stone lined and even the details you have the trim in stone stepping all the way back into the closet guys just I mean hopefully it's catching well on camera just look how large the space is this is ridiculous but on a 50m Westport that's just what you should come to expect all right let's keep it moving and actually noticed I don't want to turn around too quickly but we have another TV that rises up here so if you're in the chair or the sofa you can also watch from this direction now down the staircase we have four cabins on the lower level and then we have a bonus VIP cabin up on the bridge deck so let's head down to these guest cabins you're greeted like I said it's very Central the elevator is right here and I think we'll just start with the door labeled number one and all of the woodwork all the materials it looks absolutely stunning hopefully that's picking up well on camera you can tell no expense was spared on this one through this door we have the double vanity for the Suite this is one of the VIP cabins although all the cabins are so large several of them could be considered the VIP I guess technically the one upstairs might be considered their main VIP we have the tub shower combo with the rainfall then we have our TV mounted I love the bits of storage space whether you use it for books or just other decorations just really elevates the space versus just a blank wall with the TV the draw is underneath and then your closet for this one is located right here and you have even more storage right here next up is room number three so this room has two singles these are very thick mattresses very plush and they're full- siiz twins let's check out the on Suite not a double vanity but still gorgeous materials and a large walk-in shower up next is cabin number four and this is interesting obviously you can customize this however you'd like but this one we have another twin bed or a single and it's once again a full size and it's just that single one and then we have a desk over here and then this door it also provid provides direct access to the crew area so if they want to come and service all these rooms they can enter through that door then another LaRon Suite with your walk-in shower all right we have one more guest cabin on this level it's through this door so this is another VIP just look at the size of this room I feel like I'm just repeating myself but I can't help it these rooms are so stunning like look at the little details on the threshold of the door with the different ridges in the Woodwork little things like that I'm noticing all over the place and this one also has the tub shower combo so those are all the guest cabins on the lower level if you're enjoying this Westport so far make sure you leave a like and also subscribe if you're new a surprising amount of you who watch the channel regularly aren't subscribed so make sure you hit that subscribe button hit the notification Bell so you never miss a future upload is M's I appreciate and now before we head upstairs to the bridge deck let's take a look at the galley through this Corridor this is where the crew domain begins even though you have a lovely Stone countertop over here you can see a prep space some Refrigeration then through this door you can see we can enter the galley and this is a massive Galley with all your commercial appliances plenty of storage as well additional refrigeration and we're not done because if we come through here here we're getting a little lost here actually let me backtrack if we come back here you have even more space in storage we have the walk-in refrigerators and freezers on a yacht like this you have tremendous range you want to be able to be provisioned and stocked up for a long Voyage so as you can see in the pantry you have plenty of space for that even more storage over here if you were a yacht Chef I'm sure this would be a fun yacht to work on you just get so much space to store whatever you want which gives you a lot of flexibility when you're cooking different meals how accurate is that statement who who knows I've never been a chef before but I imagine having more storage space if I was a chef I mean at least personally that would make me happier and then you can fit 10 to 12 crew members on this yacht it really depends on how the captain's cabin is utilized you have a little bit of flexibility there you have a side access door to the side deck this staircase will lead up to the we have an ice maker over here and then down into to the right is where we enter the crew mess and the laundry room then here we can see the crew mess and you can see large monitor so they can monitor everything going on on the ship and there's also another prep space over here then through this door we have an extra office space additional Cold Storage right here and then down the hall this is where we have all the crew cabins thank you and as you can see we have two single beds as well as the on Suite just forward so we have a mirrored cabin on the other side and then this cabin this next set I'll show you is slightly larger just a little bit more space in here thank you so much and then the door we saw from that guest cabin if we look back here this is the back side of that door so there's just more closet space and then as mentioned the crew is going to get around you can see how that works and you may have heard me back there but as always thank you to the crew for amusing me let me invade their space a little bit they work incredibly hard particularly at these shows keeping this yacht in tiptop shape as people are going through it all day now if we head up to the bridge deck right away we're greeted by the day head yes some of you may have noticed in the mirrors it's very windy today the hair is looking wild what are you going to do and then elevator doors right here and there's also direct access to the Sund deck overhead but we will access the Sund deck later from the more traditional a perspective in just a little bit through this door this is another separation between the guest area and the crew domain there's just plenty of storage and general purpose areas there's a large office space for the captain and then through this door here is a staircase we saw earlier that leads down to the crew area off of The Galley and then here this is the bridge I love this curved sofa section right here with the matching table and then I don't remember if I said it in the intro but as part of the refits over the years in 2021 you got all brand new electronics in here so you can see your large multi-function displays next to the compass I also really like the large steering wheel and we're pretty far forward for a yach of the size so you get fantastic visibility from the space you can see the side access doors on either side and then here is a quick shot of the captain's cabin guys look at this this is nicer than some of the Yachts that we've toured for the guest cabins I know it's a little dark but kind of Moody I actually really like it and then theiron Suite is right here and once again finished in R nicely now back in this direction before we get to the Sky Lounge you have a little seating area right here love the little detail in the Woodwork once again there are doors on each side that lead out to the side decks with these little balconies rather large balconies I should say and then we just passed it but this is the upstairs VIP cabin now take a look at this now this is beautiful just like every other room with the added bonus of your own private balcony as well as a huge window or two huge windows so you get a fantastic view from this raised position here you can see the Worth Avenue Yachts display and you're not your eyes aren't deceiving you that is a helicopter down there you have so much real estate in here there is a desk and then a huge on Suite with the double vanity the combo tub and this one looks like get jetted and look at the veins in this marble and then tucked away by the window is the toilet and bedet and your closet of course located right here now after being on this level for a long time we're finally going to see the Sky Lounge I love how they have this set up a wide opening into this beautiful area these chairs are pretty cool look at the arms on that I don't even want to imagine how much this chair costs but then your large TV is mounted right here another table and then the bridge deck aft is located just out back behind the power glass door so now we will go out there see the button right here and we've seen on different Yachts of varying quality some squeak some are silent some are smooth some are not you never know what you're going to get but on this yacht I can absolutely promise you it's top tear quality just listen to this when I press button so smooth I'm very impressed with that just those little details you want to see you'd be surprised how many Yachts you come on you press the button and they squeak sometimes it's as simple as they just need to be greased up but no issues on this one and it's still very windy at the Fort Lauder Dale International Boat Show so I'm going to try to keep my back to it as much as possible but we have another ofresco dining area here then you can see there are doors right here so you can close this off from the wind if you are having a meal out here and then on each side deck you also have access to The Terraces on each side so you can close off this door and then this is the one off of the VIP C now I think it's time we head up to the Sund deck you have a very wide staircase leading up here you have some deck loungers over and you honestly you just have tons of spaces to lie out on this level whether you want to be in the sun covered over here out of the sun your options are basically endless up here and if you wanted to store additional toys you could because you can see the crane integrated over here so you get a lot of flexibility with the space continuing forward you have another beautiful Alfresco dining table and look how deep and plush this benches and just in front of this area we have the bar so everything you need to cater this your ice makers refrigerators all of that will be located underneath and then I mentioned the staircase for direct access this entire door will slide over and open up so the staircase you can walk right up and then the elevator I mentioned is for deck accessible the elevator will come up to the space this will hinge open and then you can step on out and then forward everybody's favorite the jacuzzi up on the Sund deck and I think this is set up really nicely with the seating areas that wrap around so if everyone wants to hang out together you could easily do so and we get a fantastic view from up here on the Sund deck also one thing I noticed when I was doing my walkr on many Yachts we've seen starlink integrated so starlink that's Ela mus company and that provides internet access and connectivity for Yachts across the world the traditional method with satellite was way more expensive so you're getting better speeds at a much more affordable price so naturally almost every yacht owner where it makes sense they've been switching over to that system and you typically need two antennas and they have to be plugged in on each side so when they were first being integrated often times you just see them stuck on the deck somewhere on the teak or on a countertop but this yacht actually is one of the firsts I've seen that's integrated them extremely well into the structure so we can see one antenna on this side and then let's walk around to the other side they have the other one just like the last it's built right in so this is a very smart design it'll be interesting to see how other gots set theirs up in the future but yeah props to them they seem to figure it out pretty quick it always made me chuckle a little bit when you see like a 5 10 15 million yacht and then the starlink is just sitting on the ground but hey you do what you got to do all right I think we'll head downstairs and we'll head back down to the a deck and we'll walk up the side deck to the four deck say that five times fast and you can see from the staircases how we can make our way to the different areas once again on this level you have the doors so if you're having a meal here this will block the wind and I'm getting a little distracted but this yacht this is no bad ideas this is another worth listing this is a trinity yacht and we'll also be touring this one so maybe it's out by now maybe it'll be out in the future but either way make sure you look for it if we go up this staircase this will bring us up to the four deck here's the side access door to the bridge and you do have Wing stations on each side then it's a mix of business and pleasure up here this would probably be my spot for a morning cup of coffee and then down here this is the business end you have space for tenders and toys the crane in the middle your massive ball ards your winches for the anchors and then you also have we're not going to go into them but you have storage closets for all your cleaning materials extra supplies everything you need underneath here I like that you have the flexibility whether you're storing a tender or toys here or up on an upper deck you get a lot of different choices and the wind might be a little bit better on this side maybe maybe not now we walked all the way back to the a deck where we started you might have saw the door right here we're going to go in here next just kidding that is just a storage closet actually haven't been down to the engine room to preview it I thought it was through that door but no worries I think the easiest way might actually be the door all the way after on the swim platform where we started so let's head there next so here you can see into another garage if we duck down look at this massive space I know it's a little bit dark but here's another space for toys and tenders to be stored and then through this door this will grant us access to the engine area and as you can see it's a very well engineered space tons of headro see a little workshop area and then through this door this is where you can see the engines and the AC is working incredibly well in here I'm feeling better here than I was on the fdac it's a massive generator right in the middle then you have additional ones on each side and look at these engines these are monsters but they're so so beautiful as you can see they're MTU engines specifically this yacht comes with a pair of MTU 16v 4000 engines they're rated for 3,650 horsepower your top speed for this is very impressive for a y of the size 22 knots you can cruise at 18 knots and when you drop it down to a more economical speed of 12 knots you're looking at 3700 nautical miles of range drop it down to 9 or 10 I'm sure you can go even further then back here we have more engineering spaces it's basically mirrored to the other side you can see water maker number one water maker number two and then this door will lead us right back out to the swim platform but we'll go through the way that we came in we don't want to be opening more doors than we need to here it looks like we have a secondary staircase so it looks like there is a side door somewhere where we can get down but why do that when it's so easy to go out right here and as you can see that leads us back out to the swim platform excuse me sorry no you're good and then back up to the a deck and now things are getting a little busy the crews all over the place and we're just getting in their way so let give you one more shot of this beautiful Main Salon I was thoroughly impressed with this floating mansion on the water this Westport is incredible comment down below let me know what you think thank you to Worth Avenue Yachts for having me on board and we will catch you next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @danhollatz5944 [8 likes]: I've worked for this company for over 7 years,  as a fabricator,  hydraulic systems installer, and marine carpenter,  these are such beautiful pieces of art! I am so proud to have been part of assembling them, meeting the owners, and crew members, what an experience!
  2. @RommelSamia-jk7zm [2 likes]: Nice beautiful yacht
  3. @baldassarealessi1007 [2 likes]: Thank you Yacht Addiction video brilliant compliment
  4. @steveorino78 [1 likes]: I love many yachts but this Westport is my favorite love the high gloss wood it really sets it off. I would live full time in this yacht.
  5. @ronen160 [1 likes]: what a magnificent yacht - however it is so very formal: do the buyers of today look for this kind of formality and elegance?
  6. @darrenedmonds1163 [1 likes]: Earth moon dust in this boat
  7. @carlyoung6111: No dive centre?
  8. @renedebosscher6669: Nice yacht, but can't compare to the 157 foot Christensen Yacht (Mia Amore) currently on the market for 21 million.
  9. @johneggers9968: Oh my😀
  10. @shawn-baby: Sitting here laughing at myself I watch these videos and then I go and research or what it takes to be into it and I'm here to tell all you wanna be lottery winners this might be the last thing you want to buy if you hit it big I never realized that if you buy one of these yachts if you've never owned a business you own 1 now it is your job to hire the crew to deal with their vacations their bad behavior typical workplace crap as well as paying them paying their health insurance Paying your captain dealing with scheduling Sometimes you think you're just gonna buy this thing get on it and enjoy your life and in many ways you will but at the end of the day you still got paperwork that you gotta do in your office maybe it's fun maybe it's frightening to see how much it actually costs when you have to stroke those checks out.
  11. @hectora8943: :hand-pink-waving:
  12. @raimundodantas6956: Westport,,lindo iate com uma incrível marcenaria em seu interior. Obra de arte mesmo, com excelente layout out em seus 4 decks. Excelente p minhas pretensões em trabalho missionário. Deus nos ajude. Parabeeen Tony pela ótima apresentação.
  13. @johnruppert5630: What a beautiful yacht❤
  14. @wayneweaver2457: That is absolutely beautiful. So much room. I sure would like to know what it costs to run something like that each year. But I guess if I have to ask I can't afford it😢
  15. @1gatuquan: Didn't know that WA manufactures luxury yatches. I wonder if yhey have factory tours.
  16. @AaronFisher-e3g: Why is the water green ???
  17. @AaronFisher-e3g: Very nice for Jennifer and I . It's made for a star like her and I but a little too much money for a used yacht will they take offers ??
  18. @andymurrow2497: So is the price listed for the purchase of it or something else
  19. @XxdeexXcody: 🥷🪞🏝️🕋🏧🚪🥽🫑🪵
  20. @williamratcliff31: I absolutely love this yacht.  It cost alot of money just to keep it up. I could live on that yacht if it never left the dock. It's beautiful

- FIGARO For Sale - $19,900,000 | 130' Westport: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] a k [Applause] oh n

- 2018 Sea Ray L650 Yacht For Sale at MarineMax Fort Myers, FL: Kind: captions Language: en hi Franklin Pillsbury with marine max here in Fort Myers and I'm excited today to bring you this 2018 Sea Ray l6 50 this thing is loaded doesn't have very much time on it we're going to do a quick walk through get you acquainted with it you know one of the things the Sea Ray designers really worked on on the L class boats is the social zones this is a wonderful area up here in the bow of the boat six or eight people you can watch the Sun go down or the Sun come up in the morning got plenty of seating great table independent stereo controls for your sound up here indirect lighting cushion seating what more could you ask for you know on the L 650 we've talked about these great social zones and this rear cockpit area is a good example we got seating all the way across the back nice big table l-shaped seating over here room to put a couple of deck chairs and for cooking one of my favorites the canyon grill is very very convenient for cooking grilling and as you walk into the salon area with this door that opens all the way up this becomes like a lanai all the area is interactive people sitting here people sitting on the rear deck can enjoy that great meal off the canyon you know as we take a step up into this salon area you notice this nice big counter area here with a couple of stools also in the galley nice big work area here and this raises up electrically so that your China and all your really cool see great stuff flatware is right in this drawer three burner stovetop I've got a great wine chiller right here as well as our side by side ice box freezers with an icemaker and a nice big work area here forward and look at the light inside this boat this is one of the nice things about the L 650 is you've got windows and light everywhere now think notice how stable we're sitting we actually have the seat keepers running on this that we'll talk about that are keeping us very stable in this rough water as I walk over to the helm I want to show you that the nice thing with this boat is that everybody is together so the helm is part of the salon it's easy to walk out the back great array of Raymarine equipment here on the dash including the autopilot to SEF seats here as well as electronic controls and this boat has a joystick so anybody can drive in maneuver you can literally move the boat sideways for docking and maneuvering as we walk down into the cabin area the L 650 is a great place for a family you've got two staterooms on each side that'll accommodate four people and a VIP forward we're gonna walk through but also notice how the vinyl and everything really the textures fit and match what we looked at up in the salon so as we look at the bedrooms on this side the starboard side I've got a nice big double stateroom here with two bits nice windows outside where you get natural light in here great place to be sleeping this will pull together and make it one big bed if we want we have exactly the same thing over on the port side and then for your guests that are down here we've got a nice big head that has a separate shower in it as well as the potty sink and vanity really really nice accommodations for your guests that are down here in these two staterooms as we go forward we've got our VIP and this is as big as most boats on a 65 footer full walk around bed you'll notice the Headroom that we have in here as as nice natural light that comes in on this side we have a private head with a shower again a stand-up shower in there at a waterfall showerhead beautiful beautiful VIP stateroom so we're finally in the master stateroom here on the L 650 and what a super super place for the owner of this boat cut this little settee over here that if you want to sit in the morning and look out at the water take a drink of coffee put your computer here in the evening to work on absolutely a neat spot and then as we get up and take a look got plenty of headroom in here I'm six foot one so I'm not going to bump the ceiling lots of neat detail in this area with indirect lights and some of the decorations as well you have your own big-screen TV down here with a Bose sound bar so you've got surround sound and big full-size bed right in the middle so that it's easy to walk around storage underneath lots and lots of great features in this boat you know one of the things in the L 650 for the owners there's lots of storage and lots of neat drawers under the bed and whatnot but for the lady on the boat we've got a great vanity area here complete with a stool and then this nice big counter dresser area here to keep stuff so how about this nice big head here in the master stateroom we've got a his-and-her sink and this the sinks are part of this custom interior that the owners did on this boat beautiful handcrafted nice big vanity area here we've got our head here and then a shower over here and in the shower we have a waterfall showerhead as well as the wand shower one thing about this 650 you're going to be able to stay on this boat and enjoy it whether you go to the Bahamas coming down here for the weekend or just out for that short cruise it's pretty cool down in the engine compartment of the sail 650 C really did a neat job of not only installing the caterpillar motors and sea keepers but also this space you've got to move around the light that's down there as well as that nice finished out bilge you'll enjoy going down and checking those motors if not we got some guys that can service them for you well thanks for taking the time to look at the l 650 as you can see it's a really special boat custom interior super design one of the last 2018 l 650 s @c ray built great boat one last thing I want to show you as we walk off the boat probably one of the best parts not only is this a cruise quarters but back here on this teak Beach you've got a potty you've got air conditioning refrigerator back there so it really gives you that last little feature back here to enjoy the back of the boat when you're swimming diving or whatever it might be I'm Frank Pillsbury with marine max here in Fort Myers give me a call send me an email let's get you on this boat [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @YannMar [5 likes]: 5:52 You can literally see the house I stayed in during spring holiday in the Background.
  2. @MarineMaxOnline [1 likes]: View this listing: http://bit.ly/2LyxEfk
  3. @hazabazagaza9262 [1 likes]: Price maybe?
  4. @rohall5060 [1 likes]: Great presentation Frank👍
Side note; like the hat...being yourself makes your swag look good 🤙
  5. @newjerseybt [1 likes]: What is the draft?
  6. @DWADE611 [1 likes]: Can you drive that with regular boating license?
  7. @cmacd8879 [1 likes]: Just curious, how many people would use a crew on a 65 foot boat?
  8. @Baldini463: Fantastic loop boat ❤
  9. @danielleal8510: How much are you asking for please let me know
  10. @farleyboy1968: Looks like an amazing great loop vessel!
  11. @missglaass-gretelglaaccier6819: ICCCCCEEEEEEBBEEEEEEEEERG!!!!!!!!!!
  12. @frenchnavy1: I don’t know how many people know this but “chingona” means BAD ASS.. hahaha some Mexican guy that went crazy huh! And yes i know i know not only in Mexico speak spanish... keep your panties on, but only in Mexico they use that word for almost everything that is like I said BAD ASS hahaha. Your welcome.
  13. @mikegentsch6028: I was standing next to it yesterday, today I am not impressed as I was yesterday
  14. @yoyo5069: Someone has adhd....slow down
  15. @transformex2011: Se ve CHINGONA.
  16. @cindygomez5414: Love it! It has everything you could want to add in a boat. What's the price on this beauty?
  17. @gzarcmuru9977: This is an very nice video about boats witch is my favorite
  18. @Max-Bliss: Speed...?
  19. @federicorodriguez197: me encanta el nombre
  20. @rodneynielsen1442: Not a good idea to stand in front of the  camera in the bathroom when you are pointing out features.

- 65 Sea Ray 2016 L650 Fly – Luxury and Power on the Water | Full Tour: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Hey, Heat. Heat.

- SEA RAY L650 FLY 2016 with LOW ENGINE HOURS & SEAKEEPR Stabilizers In PERFECT CONDITION walkthrough.: Kind: captions Language: en we are visiting today this CRA 650 fly that was&nbsp; built in 2016 This boat has very low engine hours&nbsp;&nbsp; both on the main engines and or on her generator&nbsp; She has two SEAKEEPER stabilizers and Caterpillar&nbsp;&nbsp; C18 engines as I said with very low engine hours&nbsp; She's in very good condition unscratched And&nbsp;&nbsp; uh let me give you all the details as we go&nbsp; along this video Now if you want to learn&nbsp;&nbsp; more about this boat visit her web page by using&nbsp; the link at the video description below We are&nbsp;&nbsp; starting this uh video on the for deck today As&nbsp; you can see there is a beautiful sunbathing area&nbsp;&nbsp; stretched here on the four deck and there are&nbsp; three stainless steel poles which will stretch&nbsp;&nbsp; um some kind of a sun owing There is also a table&nbsp; which is related here It is stored now I will show&nbsp;&nbsp; you that later Now the the tick decks hasn't&nbsp; been sanded after the winter There was a lot&nbsp;&nbsp; of rain in this area Let me show you them They&nbsp; look a little bit of uh some kind of a dark but&nbsp;&nbsp; you can see how thick they are So there is a lot&nbsp; of uh flesh It just need a little bit of sanding&nbsp;&nbsp; and these thick decks will look beautiful&nbsp; again after a little bit of brushing Here&nbsp;&nbsp; at the tip of the bow we can see this delta&nbsp; anchor which is collected to a galvanized&nbsp;&nbsp; uh chain from quick It's a quick change and there&nbsp; is a search light which is very useful when you&nbsp;&nbsp; are approaching unknown coves at night Uh there&nbsp; is a big uh switches here to operate the quick windless Let's start to move a stern and see more&nbsp; from this boat What we can also see from here is&nbsp;&nbsp; the structure of the hardtop It's quite a good uh&nbsp; solution Part of it is hardtop but it has two sun&nbsp;&nbsp; owing which are retractable electrically&nbsp; I will show you more from that as we will&nbsp;&nbsp; be at the fly bridge Large areas or large uh&nbsp; storage capacities here One here and the sun&nbsp;&nbsp; owing which I mentioned before is stored here&nbsp; You can also put fenders here Another storage there Place to put your bottle of&nbsp; beer or coffee And then again the&nbsp;&nbsp; upholstery is in good condition It's&nbsp; a quality [Music] upholstery And this&nbsp;&nbsp; uh this cradle uh is designated to&nbsp; hold the table which is uh sitting here Now the the gel coat uh condition&nbsp; is very good It might need just a small&nbsp;&nbsp; uh polishing but I believe you&nbsp; can see it here as we go along&nbsp;&nbsp; And then again the thickness of&nbsp; the the tick decks which is very thick and the CRA logo down here All the windows has this uh sun protection netting navigation light Then again you&nbsp; can see the quality of the gel coat which&nbsp;&nbsp; is still very shiny It might even not need&nbsp; polishing just a little bit of cleaning Big&nbsp;&nbsp; horns Now another thing which is nice here&nbsp; you have this handrail which is very useful&nbsp;&nbsp; It gives you much better uh feeling of safety&nbsp; as you go along when the boat is rocking Let&nbsp;&nbsp; me turn again the camera to show you the the&nbsp; protection railing the safety railing which&nbsp;&nbsp; is all stainless steel It is also very high&nbsp; relatively to other boats uh from this side&nbsp;&nbsp; size bollards down here And let's uh let's&nbsp; proceed further a stern Another handrailing here and capstan for mooring down here with&nbsp; another Bullard And here we are at this&nbsp;&nbsp; uh aft beautiful sun uh beautiful&nbsp; seating arrangement down here and a long very long passer rail there But&nbsp; we will get into these details a little bit&nbsp;&nbsp; uh further down this video But now we&nbsp; are going up to explore the fly bridge&nbsp;&nbsp; Now there is a there is a door closing&nbsp; here and the way to release the door&nbsp;&nbsp; is just by pulling this uh small handle&nbsp; and then it's released and then you can&nbsp;&nbsp; uh pull the whole hatch uh and close it to avoid&nbsp; some splashes of uh water if the weather is uh&nbsp;&nbsp; rough Let's have a quick look around at this&nbsp; uh beautiful fly bridge It's amazing uh layout&nbsp;&nbsp; for uh such a boat for the size of the boat It&nbsp; gives a few separate public areas social areas So starting from a nice seating arrangement&nbsp; down here a dining table and this table will&nbsp;&nbsp; be controlled the height of it electrically Try to&nbsp; show you that the switch is here down under this&nbsp;&nbsp; uh back support Um yeah so as you can&nbsp; see can go up and down which is very nice And this uh seating arrangement will&nbsp; easily seat eight people around it&nbsp;&nbsp; comfortably with another two loose&nbsp; chairs There is another small spot&nbsp;&nbsp; for sitting here And just behind me&nbsp; there is a wet bar with places to&nbsp;&nbsp; put the cups and a deep stainless steel And&nbsp; underneath there is an ice maker down here Down here there is an ice maker&nbsp; and facing it there is another&nbsp;&nbsp; corner which accommodate a&nbsp; small beverage fridge from DOMATIC So this is the helm station It's a very&nbsp; well equipped helm station and there are two&nbsp;&nbsp; 16 inch plotters from RAYMARINE and you can see&nbsp; the Caterpillar engines uh digital uh controllers&nbsp;&nbsp; Uh we have here C18 Caterpillar and as I said&nbsp; each one of them at the moment has 615 hours only autopilot from RAYMARIne And we have a multi-&nbsp; display on the other side here Throttles as well&nbsp;&nbsp; as a joystick which will control the aft and a&nbsp; bow thruster as well as the engines Here on the&nbsp;&nbsp; starboard side another seating arrangement which&nbsp; is separately So we already have two separate&nbsp;&nbsp; uh seating arrangements here with a table Here&nbsp; you can sit four maybe even six people And at&nbsp;&nbsp; the far end there is a very generous sunbathing&nbsp; area and the upholstery s in very good condition&nbsp;&nbsp; Now as I mentioned in the intro you can see&nbsp; here a very large sun owing So at night if&nbsp;&nbsp; you want to see the stars or if you want to have&nbsp; more sun for sunbathing you just fold this one&nbsp;&nbsp; It is folded electrically And back at the half&nbsp; part of this fly bridge there is another sun&nbsp;&nbsp; owing And this one as well is folded&nbsp; electrically with this uh telescopic uh poles place for the life raft&nbsp; Let's have another last look around at this uh fly bridge Maybe a quick look&nbsp; to see the uh forward deck As I said the tick ticks looks a little bit&nbsp; of a dark now but they just need sanding&nbsp;&nbsp; and they have enough flesh uh to to look&nbsp; beautiful and to last for at least another 10 years It's a good chance to see this uh fly bridge&nbsp; from this angle and to understand the size of it Good beam for the size of the boat And let&nbsp; me remind you that if you want to learn more&nbsp;&nbsp; about this boat visit her web page by using the&nbsp; link at the video description below Okay we are&nbsp;&nbsp; stepping a stern on this fly bridge We will go&nbsp; down and we will start to explore the inner part&nbsp;&nbsp; of the boat We have seven stairs here and&nbsp; a good handrail all along which makes you&nbsp;&nbsp; quite stable and a good chance to see the off&nbsp; deck from this angle Now the entrance to the&nbsp;&nbsp; engine room is just under this huge hatch and&nbsp; we will h have another quick look at the engine&nbsp;&nbsp; room as the last part of our video today Before&nbsp; entering the salon let's check this uh small wet&nbsp;&nbsp; bar Now again this is another release system&nbsp; here And your electrical barbecue is jumping outside Deep sink down here Place to secure your cups And underneath there is another uh&nbsp; beverage uh beverage fridge from DOMATIC Let's turn the camera and have another&nbsp; look at this uh after cockpit Beautiful seating arrangement Okay Now this uh this aft cockpit or off deck&nbsp; is connected on one level with the salon&nbsp;&nbsp; and creating one huge space all together and&nbsp; open space which is beautiful And here we go&nbsp;&nbsp; in the salon And then again the whole space&nbsp; up to the helm and up to the pilot house is&nbsp;&nbsp; one big open space in one level which creates&nbsp; a beautiful uh open feeling Seating arrangement&nbsp;&nbsp; which is facing a large TV from Samsung and Bose&nbsp; system which is uh supporting it This one another&nbsp;&nbsp; uh seating arrangement here The upholstery rally&nbsp; feels nearly like new The boat is uh from 2016&nbsp;&nbsp; but the quality of construction is superb The&nbsp; materials are very good You can see also the ceiling And let's uh move a little bit forward&nbsp; Now there is a there is a bar here with two seats&nbsp;&nbsp; and just behind it it's the galley So you can&nbsp; sit here while somebody else is cooking and be&nbsp;&nbsp; part dining table inside which will also&nbsp; accommodate probably eight guests around it the helm station which we are going&nbsp; to check in details very soon And this&nbsp;&nbsp; is the galley Very large uh working surfaces black marble And in order to not to lose&nbsp; the uh corner space Cray created this&nbsp;&nbsp; uh storage space which is going up and&nbsp; down And you have more uh drawers here Um not sure how to open them Yeah a little bit&nbsp; of uh tension So there is another space here&nbsp;&nbsp; And then underneath there are two fridges and two&nbsp; freezers Very deep This is one of them Identical&nbsp;&nbsp; one here and freeze down here stainless&nbsp; steel custom built Up here there is a big stove and two deep sinks which is covered with&nbsp; this uh marble which you can put aside but on&nbsp;&nbsp; the other side you can cover it and use it as&nbsp; additional working space Another one here very&nbsp;&nbsp; deep quality stainless steel Now down here&nbsp; we have a oven combined with microwave and&nbsp;&nbsp; underneath there is a dishwasher from Vesta&nbsp; this one So very well uh equipped open space galley which is facing the dining table Okay Now we have two uh pilot chair here for&nbsp; the captain uh to navigate the boat from inside&nbsp;&nbsp; Basically all the equipment that we saw on&nbsp; the fly bridge in terms of navigation and&nbsp;&nbsp; communication is duplicated here&nbsp; means two screens of RAYMARINE&nbsp;&nbsp; uh autopilot and multi-dis from RAYMARIN and&nbsp; the Caterpillar display for the C8 engines&nbsp;&nbsp; Some switches for controlling a navigation light&nbsp; and washers and so on And the throttles and the&nbsp;&nbsp; joystick is located here One thing that I uh&nbsp; skipped on the AFT deck is a docking station&nbsp;&nbsp; for a stern mooring Okay let's have a last look&nbsp; back to this huge space of galley and the salon&nbsp;&nbsp; And from here we will make our way down to&nbsp; explore uh the cabins underneath seven stairs down Now there are two uh identical cabins here&nbsp; on uh my right starboard and port side Both are&nbsp;&nbsp; uh twin bed cabins one here with nice&nbsp; windows which provides a lot of natural&nbsp;&nbsp; light inside and this uh storage&nbsp; uh space Let's open one of them&nbsp;&nbsp; quite generous with the hanging locker&nbsp; and underneath a deep drawers two drip drawers Additional uh additional storage&nbsp; arrangement is here Again very deep and generous And I'm turning the camera and going&nbsp; back to the corridor Let's quickly explore the&nbsp;&nbsp; identical twin cabin which is here Now there's&nbsp; also an arrangement to connect the beds and to&nbsp;&nbsp; make a big uh double bed uh in terms of your&nbsp; guests are a couple Same arrangement of storage&nbsp;&nbsp; up here and the hanging locker Now these two&nbsp; twin cabins I'm stepping outside back to the&nbsp;&nbsp; corridor are sharing this head this bathroom&nbsp; in here This is the door to it I'm opening&nbsp;&nbsp; it and it's a reasonable size uh bathroom with a&nbsp; black glass sink and toilet And in here good size&nbsp;&nbsp; shower with a one narrow uh step if you need&nbsp; to shave your leg or just want to have a seat&nbsp;&nbsp; The boat is clean and she's uh yeah she's&nbsp; well preserved obviously according to the&nbsp;&nbsp; engine hours and the generator hours which are uh&nbsp; about 800 now for the generator Uh she was used&nbsp;&nbsp; very lightly during her lifetime Now uh having&nbsp; said that we just enter the VIP cabin on the bow Big windows and the windows has a small&nbsp; port light which can open to have fresh air Facing the the bed is a Samsung&nbsp; TV with Bose system just there And it has escape hatch up here I closed&nbsp; it because the sun is blinking the camera&nbsp;&nbsp; but we can see it like Yeah Now this this way&nbsp; it's it is uh providing a lot of natural light&nbsp;&nbsp; Now behind me just behind me there is a lot of&nbsp; uh storage with a hanging locker here And on&nbsp;&nbsp; both sides there are storage solutions up on the&nbsp; walls as well as down here Okay now let's step&nbsp;&nbsp; inside the on suite of this uh VIP cabin Opening&nbsp; the door And it's about the similar size to the&nbsp;&nbsp; one that we saw which is serving the twin cabins&nbsp; toilet and shower with a small uh with a small&nbsp;&nbsp; bench and this glass black sink underneath Some&nbsp; storage arrangement here and also behind the mirror Okay Let's turn the camera And this&nbsp; is another chance to see this cabin from a&nbsp;&nbsp; different angle And from here we will go to see&nbsp; the last cabin which is the master cabin And just&nbsp;&nbsp; before that I want to show you a little bit of&nbsp; this uh what we have here underneath It's very&nbsp;&nbsp; easy solution to open This one is going up And&nbsp; here you can see some uh manifold of cold and&nbsp;&nbsp; hot water Everything is very clean Looks&nbsp; pretty pretty much new Let's open another one Here we have a long pipe of the uh vacuum&nbsp; cleaner So it's a little bit blocking but&nbsp;&nbsp; uh yeah the build is dry Cables are set nicely&nbsp; Everything is well arranged Okay we are back&nbsp;&nbsp; uh to the main corridor and the door that we&nbsp; see in front of us is the door to the master&nbsp;&nbsp; cabin Uh it is only it is separated only by&nbsp; two stairs down here to that level and to&nbsp;&nbsp; the right here and to the left here we have&nbsp; washing machine and dryer separated machines&nbsp;&nbsp; This one I guess is the washing machine&nbsp; and on the other side we have the dryer Maybe it's vice versa But anyway the&nbsp; two machines are here This one is from Bosch and we are looking a&nbsp; stern and facing into the master cabin Okay let me close the door behind&nbsp; me so the light will be perfectly balanced&nbsp;&nbsp; Okay it's a full beam master cabin Has&nbsp; very large windows on both sides King-size bed and storage solutions in both sides Now there is a kind of a kit for a dressing&nbsp; uh arrangement You open this large door and this&nbsp;&nbsp; uh drawer is pulled out like that You open&nbsp; it Oops And you have your mirror with lights&nbsp;&nbsp; And there is also a stool which is coming&nbsp; here And this tool is stored here So you&nbsp;&nbsp; can put it and put it under the under the&nbsp; dressing corner Let me close this dressing corner You set nicely in nicely back&nbsp; here Very nice And then a lot of&nbsp;&nbsp; uh storage spaces for personal belongings But&nbsp; due to the fact that it has a lot of personal&nbsp;&nbsp; belongings now I'm not going to open it So&nbsp; let's have another look around at this cabin&nbsp;&nbsp; Now facing the bed there is a large TV from&nbsp; Samsung and underneath there is a speaker from Bose And let's go to check the on suite&nbsp; belongs to this cabin And then again another&nbsp;&nbsp; uh storage arrangement with hanging&nbsp; locker And on the other side some&nbsp;&nbsp; uh drawers There is a lot of personal&nbsp; belongings here So I'm not going to&nbsp;&nbsp; open it Another one here Quick look here&nbsp; Another uh hanging lock arrangement Drawers&nbsp;&nbsp; So there is plenty of storage for personal&nbsp; belongings Okay And here we are in the on suite&nbsp;&nbsp; itself And there are two sinks here Same theme of&nbsp; this black glass sinks Toilet electrical toilet&nbsp;&nbsp; from DOMATIC Controllers are here and good size&nbsp; shower Then again with another seating arrangement&nbsp;&nbsp; and a big port light which can be opened and&nbsp; provide fresh air and a shade to keep your privacy&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm going inside the shower Turning the camera Let&nbsp; me show you this uh on suite from this angle Okay&nbsp;&nbsp; so that was the master cabin And one of the towers&nbsp; fell down here Take it up Okay And we are stepping&nbsp;&nbsp; out And our last station for today will be the&nbsp; uh crew area And then a quick look at the engine room Back to the corridor Two steps and turning&nbsp; back to the salon Few stairs up And here we are back in this uh big volume of&nbsp; uh galley and salon Let's move a stern Now there is a crew cabin here on&nbsp; the star on the starboard side corner&nbsp;&nbsp; Now the boat has a William uh jet uh&nbsp; 3.25 meter uh which belongs to her Uh&nbsp;&nbsp; it is not certain that she's belongs to&nbsp; the to the sale It's also depend on the&nbsp;&nbsp; um final price that uh the buyer will offer Now&nbsp; she's sitting on a hydraulic very large platform&nbsp;&nbsp; and this is the way to launch this thingy And of&nbsp; course once she's launched this uh beautiful um&nbsp;&nbsp; swimming platform uh can be used for swimming um&nbsp; and sunbathing Now here to my right it is the door&nbsp;&nbsp; to the crew area Uh there are two beds here for&nbsp; the crew Let's step inside Two stairs down toilet here and then there are two beds here Inside&nbsp; we can see the table which belongs to the&nbsp;&nbsp; forward deck which I mentioned before And&nbsp; this goes into the cradle For those of you&nbsp;&nbsp; who followed up the video and remember&nbsp; the cradle at the front and another bed here and small uh working surface Let's&nbsp; see what what's underneath here Just&nbsp;&nbsp; um just a space for storage And here we&nbsp; have a kind of a a shower Actually it's&nbsp;&nbsp; a wet shower which you can take here And&nbsp; this is your uh tub and it's pulled out&nbsp;&nbsp; and you can take a shower here I mean your&nbsp; crew can do that And small storage space in here So it's pretty much a reasonable&nbsp; crew area considering the size of the boat&nbsp;&nbsp; Now let's step outside here and our last&nbsp; station for today will be the a quick look&nbsp;&nbsp; into the engine room We have one of the light&nbsp; circuits uh which is not working So but I will&nbsp;&nbsp; try to show you my best So So we open the hatch&nbsp; for the engine room diving down Let's see how&nbsp;&nbsp; much we can see cuz the light system here is not&nbsp; working Okay So two Caterpillar engines C18 each&nbsp;&nbsp; one of them with a 615 hours only 615 hours And&nbsp; behind me there is a Cummins on generator This&nbsp;&nbsp; one with 27 kw At the moment it has about 800&nbsp; hours Now the jewel of this engine room are two&nbsp;&nbsp; SEAKEEPER stabilizers One here in the&nbsp; port side it's a zero speed gyroscopic&nbsp;&nbsp; stabilizers which will make your life on&nbsp; board much more comfortable And another one here batteries from uh Victron Energy electrical&nbsp; panel I'll put more u photos that I took with&nbsp;&nbsp; flesh from the engine room Quite many Uh if&nbsp; you feel that you need more photos you can drop&nbsp;&nbsp; me an email and I'll send you more uh cutlas&nbsp; bearing here in good condition Basically the&nbsp;&nbsp; engine room looks in good condition without uh&nbsp; extra wear and tear Definitely compared to the&nbsp;&nbsp; uh uh age of the boat it's a good uh very&nbsp; well arranged engine room Uh one thing that&nbsp;&nbsp; you might want to consider to add here is a&nbsp; water maker which is missing Can be a good&nbsp;&nbsp; add-on Uh hydraulic there is a manual hydraulic&nbsp; uh controller here as well as the electrical one&nbsp;&nbsp; Back there there is a cruiser&nbsp; uh um air conditioning system and these boxes are related to&nbsp; the uh shore power and some inverters&nbsp;&nbsp; and chargers down here So that was the CRA 615&nbsp; uh fly from 2016 with very low engine hours&nbsp;&nbsp; She's seriously for sale And if&nbsp; you want to learn more about this&nbsp;&nbsp; boat visit her web page by using the&nbsp; link at the video description below

  Top Comments:
  1. @richardsingleton57 [2 likes]: Thats a nice boat
  2. @jonathanmorgan7503 [1 likes]: Had no idea SeaRay built vessels this big. Nice.
  3. @deniermurch8693: Sound was too low.(satire)

- Cinematic Tour of a Sea Ray L650: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] foreign thank you

  Top Comments:
  1. @WillsRCBoats0522 [2 likes]: I’ll buy this when I am rich in the future lol
  2. @aristeufidelis108 [1 likes]: Nice. From Brazil.

- 2015 Sea Ray L650 Fly: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] you

  Top Comments:
  1. @martinsbriglio8948: Did it sell ?

- Sea Ray L 650 Fly: Kind: captions Language: en Phil Gowen and I'm here in Miami at Collins Avenue the searay display to discuss and and show showcase our new ell class and our first model that releases into that class the 650 fly so this boat was designed from the keel up to be the best 65 foot yacht in the marketplace best use of space best features highest quality and all of the little refinements that our design team brought into this boat to make it a truly a new class of vessel for Sea Ray the the boat as I said was really designed to elevate sea ray and use space well so from the spacious cockpit and level floorplan into the salon opening the the Swan door all the way up to give you a very airy feel into the the accommodations of the boat we have the galley up with a standard lower helm in this whole area with bright open windows really feels you know like you're in a luxury luxury vessel so we have a cruise quarters that we've packaged into the the transom of this boat with two berths and a day head so the the captain and mate are comfortable this boat is equipped with a full bow seating area that's integrated into the deck so you can enter that bow seating area from the pantograph door on the starboard side below over the next to the lower helm and walk out onto the decks and have a comfortable seat out there with a wraparound backrest and it forward faces on to a Sun pad and then we have a some back rests that hinge up out of the Sun pad with a table that goes into that bow seating area to allow your flexibility and how you use that space to use it for Sun pad and lounging or to use it as a sitting area and discussion area this boat was really appointed with the finest materials and fabrics and the design team really escalated our our value by some of the appointments that we have in the interior we have some very unique and and solid uses of storage and space in this boat especially in the galley area we have a china cabinet that is mechanically raises out of the countertop so you can store all of your fine china and we have another very well integrated cabinet into the under the sink area that searay engineering that's designed to use a space that is normally lost in a boat we have tons and really adequate storage throughout the vessel from hinged seat cushions throughout the cockpit in the bridge to adequate and we'll very large storage spaces in each of the staterooms under the bunks very well good sized hanging lockers and and very good use of space so that the boater and consumer can come on the boat with friends family and bring all of the the gear that they need so on the starboard side here in the salon we've got a dinette that's great for for having meals with all of your yes it will be a wraparound dinette in the standard boat configuration on this boat with the pantograph door we've created access to you can get forward to the floor about we have a standard lower helm on this boat so you have an open-air bridge that you can drive the the boat from up there on comfortable days and when you want to get away from the Sun and the wind you come to your very comfortable lower helm and you close the salon doors and you're in a controlled environment sailing out on the water the staterooms in this boat we have four stateroom standard the master stateroom is a beam to beam master which is just very well appointed with some fine touches like a vanity and you know cabinetry on both sides to we can do optional dinette seating face to face seating in the master the master head has his and hers vanity and step in shower with a rainforest showerhead the head is tucked away we've gotten so much positive feedback on how well the the tile and the finished work was in all of our heads but the master head is the shining example of that we have a very well-appointed VIP stateroom forward in the V berth with its own dedicated head and then we have mirrored port and starboard guest staterooms just below the companionway stairs with full hanging lockers and bursts that are convertible either two twin bunk beds or into a single full bed and and those are customizable too to what the owner or consumer would like so it's 65 feet in length 17 foot in beam it's powered with a pair of Caterpillar c18 1150 horsepower engines the boat cruises comfortably at 30 31 miles an hour and tops out at 37 miles per hour so it it gets on the water and and gets you where you want to go it's equipped with thousand gallons of fuel and we have optional si keeper gyroscopes that we have on the boat to make sure you're comfortable at sea any day that you want to go out on the water this is actually the first boat that searay is designed to meet category a requirements a lot of very stringent rules went into the design and engineering of this boat so that it could meet the the harshest sea States out there the best thing about this boat as I said is it really has changed the game for searay it's brought a level of customization that you know we want to enable the consumer to make this boat what they want but all backed by suit true CRA quality and innovation

  Top Comments:
  1. @russhendrix9674 [2 likes]: Sales men are typically not detail oriented.....Missed a shirt button.  beautiful boat

- Charter Tour of the 2017 SEARAY L650 flybridge // $2,000,000 Sea Ray L650 Yacht tour: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hahaha guys guess what we got here something between us i've been trying to get a hold of this vessel for quite a while this vessel is insane okay uh between us i've been literally trying to get a yacht done on this vessel for over the last three months but it's always booked it's constantly booked and that's why it's well it's really exciting it is insane it is guys we've got a 2017 seaway l650 fly okay this boat is the only charter boat on the market the only crate charter boat on the market there's another one that's a serial 650 express but this one is the owner of the flybridge and it's called the kraken it's the monster of north miami and it is always always booked so that being said we're here i'm super excited it's the kraken so let's get this going follow me and let's check it out so uh this is a quick a quick little jump let's jump on the off deck right here you can record me so currently there is a tender on board this comes with a charger as well and it is pristine so just a little bit of some fun facts 2018 was the last production of this particular model siri stopped producing them which is a shame because they are exquisite um but they are insane look at this this is actually hydraulic as well it's a high low platform so it sinks down to the ocean the teak is in very very good condition everything is spotless really really spotless wow okay great so it's also your trans and this steps on either side so it's very easily accessible so let's keep this going up we go to the cockpit area wow i've this is guys entering for sure my top three well it's number one in series of course it is it is spectacular look what we got here we've got a very good size uh off deck right the cockpit is beautiful nice little table here high gloss wood finish the upholstery has recently been replaced throughout the boat you'll realize it is beautiful nice american flag floating there overhang runs all the way off as well look at this very large overhang speaks all around everything is sparkling sparkling sparkling sparkling we got here a prep station we've got a sink and then below it should be at the fridge right now that's the storage that's actually the grill and then here is this is the trash compartment she's really lovely okay so let's uh we've even added sea deck on top of the uh the icebox okay so let's check out the fly bridge first and then we'll we'll go inside okay follow moi so we are converting from teak into sea deck so they've added sea deck throughout the top and along with the grey upholstery it's looking lovely so we have seating all the way back here we have a u-shaped seating area very comfortable and this is my favorite style because it's right you got the full view no obstruction whatsoever and a very large alfresco dinette very large perfect for dining for your lunch right next door we have another prep station right here this is the grill top right over here beautiful grill top and then we have the sink and below once again storage as well keep on guessing thinking that we're going to have a fridge down here which is over here on this side we have the ice maker actually great so seating back here seating over here this whole fly bridge is uh is seat centered there's another one over here as well so you can actually i've never seen a fly bridge that has two frisco dinettes this one does how lovely is this it has a nice porcelain top as well wow she is lovely you can actually have dinner at lunch here while the captain is cruising beautiful man wow and then another unique section is here look at this this is all padded this is all padded wow this is beautiful somebody left there the lunch over here but uh this is insane yeah this is um a boat to definitely charter i think i'm going to be renting this out one day for myself for personal use also right above we have this whole entire soft top retracts so you can have full exposure if you want and i think is there one back here oh yes also this one over here you see it this one also um it's a it's a sun shade that actually uh that maneuvers outwards so you can get full shading back here as well up here of course we have the upper fly bridge with a nice bolster seat here as well all the latest technology as really great and we are currently here in sunny isles this is actually this is its home dock but uh it does its pickups in hell over but um you know so peaceful and quiet you can also hear my tonal voices what is over here what is this this is okay more storage and these are the fusions fusion sound system so you can actually access the music from this uh nice city area speakers all around you can see okay so well something also forgot to point out this is the fridge we found it there's so many sections it's really great also has a porcelain top as well really all high quality top notch okay great so let's head down we'll check out the interior then we'll end up at the bow follow me guys okay let's check out the interior i can't wait now this slides completely open blending the interior and the exterior beautifully now look at this look at this wonderful open space come join me guys we entered directly into the saloon area so this is a saloon galley layout and just as it is exquisite outside it is exquisite inside wow look at this so we have a l-shaped seating area right here so it's so cool you can actually converse with the outside people can be sitting in the in the cockpit area while you're sitting here you can converse it feels completely open perfectly blended in we have a love seat over here i'm sure the footrest over here folds out as well seating everywhere this is such a comfortable boat and so so modern beautiful features over here skylights led lights sorry and then we have one step up we have the bar area two stools over here the galley is enormous it's almost the entire half of the saloon we have a very open style galley over here has a three burner top has a stove has all the appliances you'll ever need has even an air fryer over here we have two sinks over here we have you know i just discovered the fridge fridge is over here so everything is camouflaged and this is well this is closed okay this is that's a it's a wine cooler so i'm just covering this as well for various features then obviously we have a lovely dinette uh seats about six there and then also this also is movable so eight usually dinettes have a eight uh person uh uh eight seating which is the standard very high ceilings like this is like i'm 5 11. they meet you look here i'm 5 11. this is um you can be a six footer over here and comfortably walk around here beautiful side access gates and uh damn this is really lovely i'm astonished really i've done a lot of yacht tours but this one really takes my breath away because it's it's pretty awesome two seat over here for the lower console and of course touch screens over here everything is beautiful nice leather finish as well and then heading down to the accommodation so we have an atrium effect here as well so we know we have the windscreen basically angled above us so beautiful natural light flowing down into the combination as well so you don't feel like you're entering a cave it feels really open wow okay so i'm gasping a lot because it's really spectacular so let's start off um directly behind us the master cabin so let's let's go check out the master first we go from uh from the largest to smallest and this is the master cabin okay carpeted flooring really beautiful comfortable uh center line double over here we even have the cracking right here in the center wow she smells fresh and clean we have the uh high windows over there signature hull windows of the seaway you can have a look is a water line actually they're not water lines sorry we're actually above we're way above the water so um yeah and then all the way back here we have the the master bathroom the ensuite with his and hers and look at this they got the logo everywhere a beautiful shower let me come over look here they're like mosaic tiles and there's also a window right there so you can you can shower and have a look at the beautiful ocean it's all created so i mean even even the bathroom it's so spacious there's a lot of space everywhere you don't feel cramped up in any way or form okay and then all the way to the front we get to the vip cabin let me get out your way there we go also center line escape patch above typical vips really beautiful she is astonishing and then over there we have a tv and then on this side we have the ensuite then which you can just jump in there trying to get in your way a corner shower as well same style and motif tiling on the floor i really love the sea ray well okay so let's go and check out the last two cabins which are on either side port and starboard we have two singles over here it's a little bit tight but we fitting four cabins in a 65 footer and that's what you see there's uh you'll see in the bar there's a little less space but it makes up for it in interior two singles on this side and then there's two singles on the other which is identical you can fit two adults but for children this is perfect and then these are also hell windows as well so you realize even in the guest cabins you have these hull windows and it gives it a real open feel you don't feel claustrophobic at all so both these will use the day head which is right over here this is the day head also corner shower sink and toilet comes with with uh branded towels as well with a kraken brand so we have a beautiful beautiful accommodation area wow okay so let's check out the bow and then we'll conclude this walkthrough unfortunately it will come to an end and i really don't want it to everything about her is spacious okay so it is the final section it's a shame this has to end because i'm really enjoying this and what a cool logo is this right the kraken right here so cool so we have very high handrails so feel very comfortable these lovely large windows and also side access right over here and i truly love bows like this where they have a combination of seating and sunbathing it's a bit smaller in the front but wow i mean the reason why is because this boat has a lot to offer it's a 65 foot but look at this we have a front bathing with a backrest the soft skin be reversed and then if you want you can actually actually remove this as well to give a complete open space and then if you want to converse you can sit here with your friends and cruise with complete and obstructive views wow she is a monster i think kraken was the ideal name for her because uh because apart from her being a monstrous she is equally as beautiful so yeah i think that was it for the yatsura so peaceful here so lovely north miami does have its beauties and let's end it right here with my stereotypical finish so guys that was it we have the kraken cra l650 um stunner and definitely the choice for you if you want to get on the water up here in hell over sunny isles area um so yeah well thanks for checking in uh also like and subscribe if you enjoy this video and as always try to save and i'll catch you the next one see ya

  Top Comments:
  1. @anthonycourteaux8165 [1 likes]: 50 ft yaht to operate
  2. @anthonycourteaux8165 [1 likes]: And boating experience firstv
  3. @anthonycourteaux8165 [1 likes]: No lic just a coarse
  4. @anthonycourteaux8165 [1 likes]: For vacation are weekend
  5. @anthonycourteaux8165 [1 likes]: Just her family
  6. @anthonycourteaux8165 [1 likes]: With out crew
  7. @anthonycourteaux8165 [1 likes]: Small yaht is the one me and Taylor will take out are self
  8. @anthonycourteaux8165 [1 likes]: It be nice to have a jacuzzi on the small yaht
  9. @anthonycourteaux8165 [1 likes]: They have captin that operate there's
  10. @anthonycourteaux8165 [1 likes]: I don't know if he ever wanted to drive a yaht
  11. @anthonycourteaux8165 [1 likes]: Her dad been in music all his life with Taylor
  12. @anthonycourteaux8165 [1 likes]: That model
  13. @anthonycourteaux8165 [1 likes]: That's nice boat
  14. @anthonycourteaux8165 [1 likes]: Out in the open be easy
  15. @anthonycourteaux8165 [1 likes]: Docking will be hardest part
  16. @anthonycourteaux8165 [1 likes]: Make sure it has good insurance on it
  17. @anthonycourteaux8165 [1 likes]: If he is interested in taking lessons to
  18. @anthonycourteaux8165 [1 likes]: Her farther needs to be with me though on lessons so we can learn  together
  19. @anthonycourteaux8165 [1 likes]: She can go on lessons to just to get a idea about the boatv
  20. @NancyScammell: A beautiful  boat except  for that rat Grey everywhere. Horrible.